<doc id="18373080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373080" title="Pelé Reid">
Pelé Reid

Pelé Reid (born 11 January 1973 in Birmingham, England) is an English heavyweight boxer. He currently resides in Birmingham, West Midlands and is a personal trainer.
Reid is a former WBO Inter-Continental heavyweight champion and World Kick Boxing Champion. 
In November, 1993, he took part in the world amateur championship of WAKO, held at Atlantic City, New Jersey. He defeated William Eves (USA) by KO with his back-spin-kick at the final match of 89 kg class.
Reid is the only man ever to knock out boxing champion Vitali Klitschko in a kickboxing match. He managed to knock him down with a spinning back kick to the jaw. 
Titles.
Boxing
Kickboxing
Film work.
In 2010, Reid was offered a role in the British comedy film, "On the Ropes". Director, Mark Noyce chose Reid to fight Steve Coleman in a scene set at a martial arts competition.
In 2012 Pele teamed up with the trainer who worked with him for his British Masters title win at the company WBC Fight Club in his hometown of Chelmsley Wood.
Pele offers Motivational Fitness Training using his years of experience, but does not work in martial arts or boxing anymore.
Pele Reid Fitness Training At WBC Fight Club. 

</doc>
<doc id="18373092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373092" title="Montgomery station">
Montgomery station

Montgomery station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18373106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373106" title="Stem (ship)">
Stem (ship)

The stem is the very most forward part of a boat or ship's bow and is an extension of the keel itself. The stem is the curved edge stretching from the keel below, up to the gunwale of the boat. The stem is more often found on wooden boats or ships, but not exclusively. The stem is part of the physical structure of a wooden boat or ship that gives it strength at the critical section of the structure, bringing together the port and starboard side planks of the hull.
Styles.
There are two styles of stems: plumb and raked. When the stem comes up from the water, if it is perpendicular to the waterline it is "plumb." If it is inclined at an angle to the waterline it is "raked." (E.g., "The hull is single decked and characterized by a plumb stem, full bows, straight keel, moderate deadrise, and an easy turn of bilge.")
Stemhead.
Because the stem is very sturdy, the top end of it may have something attached, either ornamental or functional in nature. On smaller vessels, this might be a simple wood carving (ornamental) or cleat (functional). On large wooden ships, figureheads can be attached to the upper end of the stem.

</doc>
<doc id="18373132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373132" title="The Revival">
The Revival

The Revival is the second studio album by American R&B group Tony! Toni! Toné!, released on May 8, 1990, by Wing Records. It is the follow-up to their modestly successful debut album "Who?" (1988). The album was produced and arranged primarily by Tony! Toni! Toné!, with additional production by Foster & McElroy, who previously produced "Who?". The group recorded "The Revival" at several studios in California and used a Synclavier music workstation.
A new jack swing album, "The Revival" features R&B music that draws on funk and older soul influences. Its songs incorporate eccentric sounds and stylistic elements from jazz and hip hop, including improvisational sounds, conversational vocals, and digital samples. The group's lyrics exhibit contemporary hip hop attitudes and traditional soul themes, with songs about unruly women, low-key ballads, and more danceable tracks.
Upon its release, "The Revival" was well received by music critics, who praised the group's songwriting and appropriation of older sounds with contemporary R&B. It charted for 64 weeks and peaked at number 34 on the "Billboard" Top Pop Albums. The album was promoted with four singles, including the top 40-hit "It Never Rains (In Southern California)" and the gold-certified "Feels Good". "The Revival" was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America and, according to Nielsen SoundScan, had sold two million copies by 1992.
Background.
The album is the follow-up to Tony! Toni! Toné!'s 1988 debut album "Who?", which was a modest success for the group and acquainted them with production and songwriting team Foster & McElroy. Originally friends from Oakland, the group moved to Sacramento after finishing "Who?" with Foster & McElroy and began to record "The Revival". 
Recording sessions for the album took place at several studios in California—The Plant in San Francisco, Eve-Jims Studio and Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles, Can-Am Studio in Tarzana, Live Oak Studio in Berkely, and J-Jam Studio in Oakland. Tony! Toni! Toné! primarily produced and arranged "The Revival", with additional production by Foster & McElroy. The group also worked with engineers Toby Wright and Gerry Brown, musician Keith Crouch, and singer Vanessa Williams, who sang on the song "Oakland Stroke". They recorded the album by using a Synclavier music workstation.
Music and lyrics.
A new jack swing album, "The Revival" features R&B music with elements from hip hop, funk, jazz, and pop styles. Musically and lyrically, it fuses older soul influences and contemporary hip hop attitudes, along with the latter genre's use of samples and digital rhythm tracks. Funk songs such as "The Blues", "Oakland Stroke", "Let's Have a Good Time", and "Feels Good" incorporate digital production technology. Janine McAdams of "Spin" finds most of the songs to be "embellished with an allusion, an imitation or an out-and-out sample", and writes that the group draws on "various musical influences—Parliament, Duke Ellington, Pointer Sisters, James Brown, among others." "Let's Have a Good Time" samples the Pointer Sisters' 1973 song "Yes We Can Can", and "Oakland Stroke", a paean to the group's hometown, has "Jungle Boogie"-like horn riffs. The "sardonic" song veers stylistically from hip hop to swing, incorporating a 1940s jazz break.
According to McAdams, Tony! Toni! Toné!'s songwriting on the album eschews "social commentary or political posturing" for "the preservation of R&B's signature, the perpetuation of the soul tradition, and—on the lighter side—the glorification of barbeque, the boogaloo and the booty on a Saturday night." Described by the group as "Baptist shout music that makes you wanna dance", "Feels Good" incorporates a popular sample from James Brown's 1970 song "Funky Drummer" and gospel musical themes. "Don't Talk About Me" is a warning to a mouthy woman, while "The Blues" features the narrator's spiteful complaints about an ungrateful girlfriend. The latter song features aggressive bass, a funky break, doo-wop verses, a blues riff that the group's guitarist D'wayne Wiggins learned from his father, and ideas from pianist Vince Guaraldi's music for "Peanuts" television specials.
The album's songs also feature offbeat sounds, improvisational elements, and conversational vocals derived from rap. "The Revival" begins with a directive from a grave voice: "Play this record as frequently as possible, Then, as it becomes easier for you, play the record once a day, or as needed." The album also features dialogue between an old lady who asks the group whether it will be like their last album, on which she was also featured; they respond to her question "No, ma'am". "All the Way" has a scrambling beat, whistle sounds, and the rhythmic call and response "What are "we", what are "we", what are "we"? ... Just a bunch of brothers having a party". The end of "Feels Good" features witty jazz keyboard playing behind a lively voice saying "it feels good ... in the hands, feet, bones, heart, and soul". Ed Hogan of Allmusic writes that "the last part sounds like a Sunday morning testimonial."
After its first five songs, "The Revival" settles into a calmer, more conventional style, with ballads that are more relaxed and low-key. "It Never Rains (In Southern California)" was titled after an oft-repeated phrase from one of Tony! Toni! Toné!'s attorneys, who used it in response to the group wearing heavy coats after returning from visits on the East Coast. Group drummer Timothy Christian played most of the song's instruments, and bassist Raphael Wiggins wrote its lyrics about a man longing for a woman who was in southern California. The ballads are followed by "Those Were the Days", which features jouncing banjo, trumpet, and wistful lyrics reminiscing about simpler times "when a dollar was worth a dollar, and you didn't have to carry a gun when you left your house."
Commercial performance.
Released on May 8, 1990, by Wing Records, "The Revival" charted for 64 weeks on the "Billboard" Top Pop Albums, peaking at number 34 on the chart. The album's second single "Feels Good" was released on June 19 and certified gold on November 13 after it had shipped 500,000 copies. The single topped the R&B chart for two weeks and reached number nine on the "Billbaord" Hot 100 in the fall of 1990, and ultimately sold over one million copies.
In late 1990, the album's fourth single "It Never Rains (In Southern California)" became a number-one R&B hit and also peaked at number 34 on the Hot 100. On January 28, 1991, "The Revival" was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), for shipments of one million copies in the United States. By 1992, it had sold two million copies, according to Nielsen SoundScan, which began tracking sales data in 1991.
Critical reception.
"The Revival" was well received by contemporary music critics. "Chicago Tribune" writer Greg Kot it three out of four stars and felt that its "lull" adult contemporary ballads are redeemed by songs with "Sly Stone, Ray Charles, doo-wop and Motown influences", writing that, "Add a dash of loopy humor and you have a terrific '60s-meets-the-'90s recipe". Giving the album an A–, Greg Sandow of "Entertainment Weekly" commended the group for "buildmomentum by adding new elements as the songs proceed" and wrote of their relevance to R&B, "it's artists such as Tony! Toni! Toné! who are setting the course for whatever future the genre is likely to have". Dennis Hunt of the "Los Angeles Times" gave the album three out of four stars and felt that, although their "offbeat R&B hybrids" are occasionally "too busy and intentionally oddball", "the Tonys' explorations ... are mostly successful". 
"Orlando Sentinel" writer Parry Gettelman gave the album four out of four stars and complimented its "smooth ballads", while noting that its dance-oriented tracks "have great grooves and a warmth, humor and vocal finesse sadly lacking in the Top 40". Robert Christgau of "The Village Voice" gave "The Revival" a two-star honorable mention (), indicating "likable effort consumers attuned to its overriding aesthetic or individual vision may well enjoy". Christgau cited "Feels Good" and "Oakland Stroke" as highlights and quipped, "who says a love band can't play funk music?". Janine McAdams of "Spin" commended their songwriting for "transform the simplest ditties into jammin' anthems that assault the ear and move the feet" and wrote of its musical significance:
Legacy.
In a retrospective review, Yahoo! Music's Scott Wilson dubs "The Revival" "the breakthrough album that offered a huge string of hits, and assured them their place in the musical hierarchy", adding that "many of these are instantly recognizable now and the overall quality is great with solid songwriting and self-production". Allmusic editor Alex Henderson gives the album five out of five stars and praises its "organic and soulful" sound. He writes that "Tony! Toni! Toné! managed to appeal to urban contemporary audiences while expressing a love of 1970s soul and funk ... Many of the urban contemporary releases of 1990 were gutless and homogenized, but "The Revival" is an album that had artistic integrity as well as commercial appeal". 
In "The Rolling Stone Album Guide" (2004), Fred Schuers gives the album three out of five stars and asserts that it "proves the group's lyrical cleverness is matched by its musical talent", writing that ""The Revival" avoids history and humor for improved songwriting and production on dance tracks such as 'Feels Good' and love ballads such as 'Whatever You Want'". Jason Heller of "The A.V. Club" cites it as the new jack swing genre's "masterpiece ... an artistic triumph in a genre that generally coasted on impeccable craft." While noting the new jack swing style of its hit single "Feels Good", Sam Chennault of Rhapsody feels that "the rest of the album does give a nod to classic Bay Area funk and hints at the subsequent innovations of key member Raphael Saadiq".
Personnel.
Credits are adapted from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="18373144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373144" title="Tubal (disambiguation)">
Tubal (disambiguation)

Tubal was a son of Japheth, son of Noah.
Tubal may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18373185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373185" title="East Suburban Catholic Conference">
East Suburban Catholic Conference

The East Suburban Catholic Conference (ESCC) is an athletic conference consisting of 13 Catholic high schools in the suburbs of Chicago, Illinois (though despite its name, two schools are located in the city itself). The conference became independent in 1974.
While originally only supporting competition in men's sports, the conference began supporting women's athletics in 1991. Today, there are eleven women's teams and ten men's teams.
Despite not being as old as other conferences, and not having any women's sports until relatively recent history, the teams in the conference have finished in the top four of Illinois High School Association (IHSA) sponsored state tournaments 76 times in nine different sports.
Current Membership.
Notre Dame and St. Patrick are all male institutions, and thus do not field women's teams. Three members (Bishop McNamara, Fenwick, and Providence) are coed schools whose men's teams compete in the Chicago Catholic League (CCL). Since the CCL does not sponsor competition for women, these schools are represented in the ESCC by their women's teams. The rest of the schools are coed, and are represented in the ESCC by both their men's and women's teams. Marian Central Catholic High School joined at the end of 2013-2014 football season has started playing in the conference for every other sport. They will compete in this conference for football in the 2014-2015 season.
Somewhat unusual by the standards of the metropolitan Chicago area, the conference is spread over a five county area. While most of the members are in Cook County, Bishop McNamra is in Kankakee County to Chicago's far south. Joliet Catholic and Providence are in Will County to Chicago's southwest. Benet Academy is in DuPage County which is to the west of Chicago. Carmel is far to the north in Lake County and Marian Central is in Mchenry County which is far northwest of the city. The furthest schools (Carmel,Marian Central and Bishop McNamara) is approximately 100 miles (160.9 km).
History.
The conference can trace its roots back to the founding of the Suburban Catholic Conference in 1960. Among the six founding members, only Joliet Catholic, Notre Dame, and Benet Academy (then known as "St. Procopius") are currently ESCC members. Carmel joined in 1966.
In 1970, Joliet Catholic temporarily left, with four new schools joining: Marist, St. Joseph, St. Patrick, and St. Viator. With the conference now at 14, the conference divided into two divisions. The East Division included the four new schools, Carmel, Notre Dame, and Holy Cross High School. In 1971 St. Francis de Sales High School joined the East Division.
In 1974, the two divisions split forming the West Suburban Catholic Conference and the ESCC (in 1989, the West Suburban Catholic Conference would drop the "West" and return to using the original conference name). After one year, St. Joseph left to pursue one year as an independent school, and came back to replace St. Francis de Sales which left after the 1975-76 season. Joliet Catholic joined in 1982. The conference elected to expand in 1990 by adding Benet Academy and Marian Catholic.
As a result of the number of coed schools in the conference, the conference began sponsoring competition for women in 1991.
In 1996, for football only, the ESCC and Chicago Catholic League merged to form the Chicago Metro League. This relationship ended after the 2002 football season, with Holy Cross High School joining the Chicago Catholic League permanently for all sports, and Nazareth Academy joining the ESCC.
In 2010, St. Joseph High School withdrew from the conference.
Sports sponsored.
The conference sponsors competition for men and women in basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, tennis, track and field, and volleyball. Men's competition is sponsored in baseball, football, and wrestling, while competition for women is sponsored in softball. With each sport, the conference recognizes "All-Conference" and "Scholar Athlete" performances. All of these sports have state tournaments sponsored by the Illinois High School Association (IHSA).
Top Finishes.
The following teams, while members of the ESCC, finished in the top four of their respective state tournaments sponsored by the IHSA. In total, the conference has finished fourth 14 times, 3rd place 21 times, 2nd place 15 times, and State Champion in their respective class 26 times. This information is referenced in the individual record pages for each school.
Hall of Fame.
Since 2006, the conference has recognized administrators, coaches, and former athletes for their excellence. Among the notable inductees:

</doc>
<doc id="18373194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373194" title="Presidio Santa Cruz de Terrenate">
Presidio Santa Cruz de Terrenate

The Presidio Santa Cruz de Terrenate is a former Spanish military presidio, or fortress, located roughly west of the town of Tombstone, Arizona, in the United States of America.
History.
The Presidio Santa Cruz de Terrenate was established on a bluff overlooking the San Pedro River by an Irish-born Spanish Army Colonel, Hugo Oconór (Hugh O'Conor), in 1775, for the King of Spain Charles III. This is one of the best preserved sites from among the chain of similar presidios that extended from Los Adaes, Louisiana, in the east to Alta California in the west. Like all frontier presidios in the Viceroyalty of New Spain, Santa Cruz de Terrenate was garrisoned by soldado de cuera. The presidio was never completed to specifications due to the attacks of the Apache, administrative greed, corruption and poor morale.
The failure of the presidio was due to numerous problems like the lack of crops, raids on the horse herds, surprise attacks on the mule trains carrying supplies, and the continuous attacks by Apache directly on the fortress. These contributed to the abandonment of the garrison in 1780. In 1878, the presidio was briefly occupied by the United States Army but abandoned later that same year.
In 1951, Charles DiPeso, excavated the site and reported that he believed that the evidence found on site, indicated that O'Conor had located the presidio over an abandoned Sobaipuri Indian village of Quiburi. Other historians and archaeologists support a counter theory that the structures found at the site correspond to the quarters of the soldiers and families of the presidio (Gerald 1968; Seymour 1989). One reason for this later opinion is that the Sobaipuri Indians did not occupied adobe walled structures as their residences. Secondly, the historic record does not place Quiburi in this location. In fact, Santa Cruz is the name of the Sobaipuri settlement located here prior to presidio construction and provided the basis for the name of the presidio (SANTA CRUZ de Terrenate) and ultimately for the Santa Cruz River (Seymour 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014).
More recently, in 2007 through 2010 archaeologist Deni Seymour excavated portions of the site not initially investigated by Di Peso. She also reexamined some of the features and artifacts excavated by Di Peso and obtained chronometric dates on features to settle some of the feature dating issues (http://www.seymourharlan.com/My_Homepage_Files/Page41.html). Evidence showed that there was a Sobaipuri site present that predated the presidio but historical documents indicate it was not Quiburi (Seymour 1989, 2011, 2013, 2014). Additionally, Hohokam and Archaic occupations were also in evidence preceding the occupation of the presidio.Evidence of the prehistoric Hohokam occupation consists of sherds scattered on the surface, and eroding out of the adobe walls of the later Spanish presidio. Archaic points and tools are present on the surface, in adobe walls, and in house fills, having eroded from walls.
References.
Di Peso, Charles 1953 The Sobaipuri Indians of the Upper San Pedro River Valley, Southwestern Arizona. Dragoon, AZ: Amerind Foundation Publication No. 6.
Gerald, Rex E. 1968 Spanish Presidios of the Late Eighteenth Century in Northern New Spain. Museum of New Mexico Research Records, Number 7. Museum of New Mexico Press, Santa Fe.
Seymour, Deni J. 1989 The Dynamics of Sobaipuri Settlement in the Eastern Pimeria Alta. Journal of the Southwest 31(2):205-222.
Seymour, Deni J. 2011 Where the Earth and Sky are Sewn Together: Sobaípuri-O’odham Contexts of Contact and Colonialism. University of Utah Press, SLC.
Seymour, Deni J. 2012 SANTA CRUZ RIVER: The Origin of a Place Name. Journal of Arizona History 53(1):81-88.
Seymour, Deni J. 2013 San Pablo de Quiburi: The Sobaípuri-O'odham Ranchería of Kino's Conception. New Mexico Historical Review.
Seymour, Deni J. 2014 Evaluating Di Peso's 1767 Jesuit Mission at Santa Cruz de Terrenate Presidio. Journal of the Southwest.
Seymour, Deni J. 2014 A Fateful Day in 1698: The Remarkable Sobaípuri O’odham Victory over the Enemies of the Sonoran Province. University of Utah Press, SLC.
Links.
SANTA CRUZ DE TERRENATE PRESIDIO REVISITED, 2007-2008 FIELD SEASON
http://www.seymourharlan.com/My_Homepage_Files/Page41.html
SANTA CRUZ DE TERRENATE PRESIDIO, 2008-2009 FIELD SEASON
http://www.seymourharlan.com/My_Homepage_Files/Page72.html
SANTA CRUZ DE TERRENATE PRESIDIO, 2010 FIELD SEASON
http://www.seymourharlan.com/My_Homepage_Files/Page89.html
CAPTAIN TOVAR'S 1776 BATTLE OF LAS MESITAS--A REVISED PERSPECTIVE
http://www.seymourharlan.com/My_Homepage_Files/Page93.html

</doc>
<doc id="18373199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373199" title="Station Saige (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Saige (Tram de Bordeaux)

Saige station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location.
The station is located on avenue Maréchal Juin in Pessac.

</doc>
<doc id="18373214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373214" title="Josephine Clifton">
Josephine Clifton

Josephine Clifton (1813?-1847) was a stage actress who became known as "the first American actress to star in London".
Life and career.
The early years of Josephine Clifton seem to be lost, what little information exists is controversial. Most historians believe she was born in New York and her surname was Miller, others think she may have come from Philadelphia.
In the fall of 1831, Clifton met Thomas Hamblin, actor and manager of the Bowery Theater. He was well known for his philandering ways, so although she had no acting experience and because she was a great beauty, Hamblin made her his protegee and gave her the "beautiful ingenue" role in many of his productions. On September 21, 1831, she made her debut as Belvidera in "Venice Preserved".
She was Elvira in "Pizarro" and played Lady MacBeth. She moved to the Park Theatre to play Bianca in "Fazio".
Around 1834, amidst rumors of affairs, Clifton moved to London where she appeared at Drury Lane and became "the first American actress to star in London." She returned to New York where in 1836, Epes Sargent wrote a five-act play, "The bride of Genoa", for her which was successfully produced by the Tremont Theatre. She then performed her most famous role, the title part in "Bianca Visconti", based on the career of Francesco I Sforza. This play was written for her by Nathaniel Parker Willis in 1837, when he won the $1000 prize in a contest given by her for the best blank verse tragedy to suit her talents.
Later years.
She spent some of her later years in Philadelphia where she often played opposite the actor Edwin Forrest. In 1846, she married Robert Place, the manager of the American Theater in New Orleans, but she died unexpectedly the next year. After her death it was reported that her relationship with Forrest had been much more than professional, and Clifton was named as a factor during Forrest's notorious divorce.

</doc>
<doc id="18373216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373216" title="Du Qiong">
Du Qiong

Du Qiong (); ca. 1396-1474 was a Chinese landscape painter, calligrapher, and poet during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644).
Du was born in Suzhou in the Jiangsu province and was a distant ancestor of Dong Yuan. His style name was 'Using Excellence" (Yongjia, 用嘉) and his pseudonyms were 'Tiller of the Eastern Plaines" (Dongyuan gengzhe, 东原耕者) and 'Luguan Daoist' (Luguan daoren, 鹿冠道人). Du's style was distinctive though somewhat similar to that of Wang Meng. He often used a dry brush and light quantities of ink to achieve his effects. He was teacher to Shen Zhou.

</doc>
<doc id="18373222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373222" title="Deoxyepinephrine">
Deoxyepinephrine

Deoxyepinephrine, also known by the common names N-methyldopamine and epinine, is an organic compound and natural product that is structurally related to the important neurotransmitters dopamine and epinephrine. All three of these compounds also belong to the catecholamine family. The pharmacology of epinine largely resembles that of its "parent", dopamine. Epinine has been found in plants, insects and animals. It is also of significance as the active metabolic breakdown product of the prodrug ibopamine, which has been used to treat congestive heart failure.
Occurrence.
Epinine does not seem to occur widely, but it is present as a minor alkaloid in some plants, such as the peyote cactus, "Lophophora williamsii", and a species of "Acacia", as well as in Scotch Broom, "Cytisus scoparius". This compound has also been isolated from the adrenal medulla of pigs and cows, and from the toad, "Bufo marinus". It has also been detected in the locust, "Locusta migratoria".
Chemistry.
Preparation.
The first total synthesis of epinine was reported by Buck, who prepared it from 3,4-dimethoxyphenethylamine ("homoveratrylamine") by first converting the latter to its Schiff base with benzaldehyde, then N-methylating this with methyl iodide; hydrolysis of the resulting product was followed by cleavage of the methyl ethers using hydriodic acid to furnish epinine. A very similar synthesis, differing only in the use of dimethyl sulfate for the N-methylation, and HBr for the O-demethylation, but providing more extensive experimental details, was published by Borgman in 1973.
An earlier semi-synthesis (so-called because it began with the natural product laudanosine) due to Pyman is incorrectly cited by Buck, and the error carried over to the entry for epinine (under the name deoxyepinephrine) in the Merck Index.
Common salts of epinine are: hydrochloride, C9H13NO2.HCl, m.p. 179-180°C; sulfate, (C9H13NO2)2.H2SO4, m.p. 289-290°C; hydrobromide, C9H13NO2.HBr, m.p. 165-166°C.
Structure.
The X-ray structure of epinine hydrobromide has been reported.
Pharmacology.
One of the most prominent pharmacological characteristics of epinine, its ability to raise blood pressure, was noted as early as 1910, by Barger and Dale, who reported that "methylamino-ethyl-catechol", as they called it, had about 1/7 x the pressor potency of epinephrine, but about 5 x the potency of dopamine ("amino-ethyl-catechol") in cat preparations. The Buroughs Wellcome Co., for which Barger, Dale and Pyman (see "Chemistry" section) worked, subsequently marketed the hydrochloride salt of "methylamino-ethyl-catechol", under the name "epinine", as a substitute for epinephrine. Tainter further quantified the pressor activity of epinine in atropine-treated and anesthetized intact cats, showing that doses of 0.02-0.2 mg, given i.v., were about 1/12 as active as l-epinephrine, but that the effect lasted about twice as long (~ 3 minutes), and was accompanied by an increase in pulse rate.
Eventually, epinine was determined to be a non-selective stimulant of dopamine (DA) receptors, α-, and β-adrenoceptors, with the stimulation of D2 receptors leading to inhibition of noradrenergic and ganglionic neurotransmission. These studies, conducted using anesthetized animals, were amplified by van Woerkens and co-workers, who compared the effects of epinine and dopamine in unanesthetized pigs, so as to avoid any possible influences of an anesthetic. Drug doses were in the range of 1-10 μg/kg/min, administered by i.v. infusion over a period of 10 minutes. The results of these experiments showed that, in pigs, over the dose-range employed, epinine was more potent than dopamine as an agonist on D2, α-, and β2-receptors, but was weaker than dopamine as a D1-agonist. The β1-agonist effect of both compounds was weak or non-existent.
Comparable studies, in which blood pressure, heart rate and serum prolactin levels were measured after the administration of 0.5-4 μg/kg/min of epinine by i.v. infusion over a 15 minute period to healthy humans, were reported subsequently by Daul and co-workers. These investigators found that at lower doses (0.5 or 1.0 μg/kg/min), which produced plasma concentrations of 20-80 nM/L, epinine, in common with dopamine, caused a fall in prolactin level, but did not affect blood pressure or heart rate. At higher doses (2.0 or 4.0 μg/kg/min), epinine significantly increased both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, as well as heart rate. In contrast, dopamine caused an increase in systolic blood pressure and heart rate only.
Both drugs increased diuresis and natriuresis - effects that are thought to be due to the activation of renal D1 receptors.
It was concluded that at the lower doses, epinine and dopamine exerted their effects only at DA (D2) receptors, but did not activate α- or β-adrenoceptors. At the higher doses, epinine activated α-, β1- and β2-receptors to about the same extent, whereas dopamine showed only a mild stimulation of β1-receptors, without any effects on α- or β2-receptors. Additionally, it was observed that the effects of epinine were largely due to its direct action on receptors, while dopamine also produced some of its effects indirectly, by stimulating norepinephrine release.
Toxicity.
LD50 for HCl salt: 212 mg/kg (mouse; i.p.). For comparison, it might be noted that dopamine has a LD50 of 1978 mg/kg under the same conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="18373235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373235" title="Black Mask, Black Gloves">
Black Mask, Black Gloves

Black Mask, Black Gloves is Hell Rell's second solo album following his 2007 debut, "For the Hell of It". The first single released from the album was "Get Ready". The album went on to peak at #9 on the "Billboard" Top Rap Albums chart. The CD sold 5,390 copies in its first week and debuted at #131 on The Hot 200 .[http://www.hiphopdx.com/index/news/id.10189/title.hip-hop-album-sales-the-week-ending-11-22-2009]

</doc>
<doc id="18373236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373236" title="Station Pessac Bougnard (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Pessac Bougnard (Tram de Bordeaux)

Bougnard station is located on line in Pessac. The station served as a temporary terminus for line B from 3 July 2004 until 29 May 2007 when Pessac Centre came into service.
Location.
The station is located on avenue Bougnard in Pessac.

</doc>
<doc id="18373238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373238" title="Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj">
Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj

Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj (; 1898 – June 25, 1934) was a Mongolian politician who served as Chairman of the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party from 1921 to 1928. He was expelled from the party in 1928 for his rightist policies and died in Moscow, USSR in 1934.
Born in Niislel Khüree in 1898, Dambadorj attended Manchu and Russian Interpreter's School in the capital before moving onto the Russian gynamsium and then secondary school in Troitskosavsk. He joined the Mongolian People's Party (MPP) in 1921, was acting chairman of the MPP Central Committee in March 1921. After the Outer Mongolian Revolution of 1921 he was elected vice chairman (January to March 1922) and then chairman of the MPP Central Committee from March 15, 1922 to January 12, 1923 and again from August 31, 1924 to October 27, 1928.
At the Third Party Congress in 1924, Dambadorj along with leftist leader Elbegdorj Rinchino, led calls for the arrest and execution of moderate party leader Soliin Danzan, accusing him of representing bourgeois interests and engaging in business with Chinese firms. Following Danzan’s death, Dambadorj and the party's right wing assumed control of the party (renamed the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party) and promoted rightist policies mirroring Lenin’s New Economic Policy in the Soviet Union.
In 1924-1925 Dambadorj undertook a mission to Europe ostensibly to promote the activities of the Institute of Science and Letters but in reality to establish contacts with French and German governments. Efforts by Dambadorj and others within the party to expand international recognition of Mongolia's independence only served to enrage the Soviets who grew increasingly suspicious of the party leader's allegiances. 
Dambadorj confirmed these suspicions by making statements such as "the elimination of capital and the confiscation of capital of the old feudal nobility...are incompatible with the government's policies." He often expressed concern about creeping Soviet imperialism even while opponents such as Khorloogiin Choibalsan praised the USSR as Mongolia's closest friend." 
The Soviets finally moved to purge Dambadorj and other rightwingers at the Seventh Party Congress in 1928. The rise of Josef Stalin in the Soviet Union ushered in a “Leftist Period” in The Mongolian People's Republic wherein the party pushed more rapid collectivization, land expropriation, and persecution of the Buddhist Church. "Rightwingers" such as Dambadorj, Ajvaagiyn Danzan, Tseveen Jamsrano, and N. Jadamba, all of whom had played a role in what was later called "the Period of Rightist Opportunity", were expelled from the party. 
Dambadorj was sent to Moscow as a trade representative attached to the Mongolian Embassy there. He died on June 25, 1934 in what some suspect was a result of poisoning. 

</doc>
<doc id="18373242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373242" title="Friedrich Paul Reichel">
Friedrich Paul Reichel

Friedrich Paul Reichel (born 23 December 1858 in Breslau, died December 1934) was a German surgeon.
1881 - 1885: Assistant (Breslau - Surgery - Fischer)
1882: Doctor of medicine
1885 - 1888: Assistant (Berlin - Gynecology - Karl Ludwig Ernst Schroeder and Robert Michel von Olshausen)
1888 - 1892: Assistant (Würzburg - Surgery - Karl Wilhelm Ernst Joachim Schönborn)
1889: Habilitation in Surgery
1896: Moved to Breslau

</doc>
<doc id="18373244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373244" title="Oxidopamine">
Oxidopamine

Oxidopamine, also known as 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA) or 2,4,5-trihydroxyphenethylamine, is a neurotoxic synthetic organic compound used by researchers to selectively destroy dopaminergic and noradrenergic neurons in the brain. 6-OHDA is thought to enter the neurons via the dopamine and noradrenaline (norepinephrine) reuptake transporters. Oxidopamine is often used in conjunction with a selective noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor (such as desipramine) to selectively destroy dopaminergic neurons only.
The main use for oxidopamine in scientific research is to induce Parkinsonism in laboratory animals such as mice, rats and monkeys, in order to develop and test new medicines and treatments for Parkinson's disease. In order to induce this condition in animals, around 70% of the dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra of the brain must be destroyed, and this is achieved either with oxidopamine or MPTP. Both these agents likely destroy neurons by generating reactive oxygen species such as superoxide radical. Oxidopamine toxicity in neonatal rodents is also used as an animal model for the Lesch-Nyhan syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="18373280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373280" title="Alwyn Scott">
Alwyn Scott

Alwyn Scott is an American journalist. In 2010, he was named as a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for editing a series of articles investigating the shutdown and sale of Washington Mutual, the largest U.S. bank to fail, and the foreclosure crisis. He has won numerous awards for writing and editing.
Scott is managing editor of the Puget Sound Business Journal, a weekly newspaper based in Seattle, Washington. He was the business projects reporter for The Seattle Times, a news editor at The Wall Street Journal in Brussels, a news editor and bureau chief for Dow Jones Newswires in London and Bangkok, and has written for numerous publications.
His work has focused on the economic and social effects of globalization and trade.

</doc>
<doc id="18373283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373283" title="Benabbas family of Sevilla">
Benabbas family of Sevilla

The Benabbas Family are originally spaniards from Seville linked to the King and Queen of Spain who helped out during the Ottoman Empire.
The Benabbas Family are described as white skinned people with ginger or blonde hair. The Bennabas family still exist in Seville as they were part of a tribal cult. As well as Seville the Benabbas family exists in Algeria, some north African countries and a wide range of Mediterranean countries. The Benabbas family's job at the time was to hold the ports and make sure fee's were paid.

</doc>
<doc id="18373297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373297" title="Mark Coulson">
Mark Coulson

Mark Coulson (born 1 August 1977 in Huntingdon, England) is an English footballer, currently playing for Bury Town.
Coulson made his Football League debut for Peterborough United in the 5–0 defeat at Tranmere Rovers on 18 March 2006 replacing Ahmed Deen as a substitute. He made eight league appearances for Peterborough, before signing for Histon in 2007. Later in the year he moved on to Hemel Hempstead Town. In 2009 he signed for Biggleswade Town, and in July 2010 moved to Bury Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18373299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373299" title="Classic Hot Tuna Acoustic">
Classic Hot Tuna Acoustic

Classic Hot Tuna Acoustic is a Hot Tuna album released in 1996 and is an expansion of the A-side of the previous vinyl release "Historic Live Tuna". The B-side of the previous release was expanded as "Classic Hot Tuna Electric" and released at the same time as this album. The tracks are taken from a live acoustic performance played on KSAN radio in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18373301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373301" title="Seasoning (slave)">
Seasoning (slave)

Seasoning was a process conducted during the Atlantic slave trade for the purpose of "breaking" slaves. It also took away the slaves' identities to make them more likely to do what they are told. Also during the seasoning process the slave would sometimes have hot tar and oil poured onto their sores and wounds so that they would fetch a higher price at auction.
History.
The practice conditioned the African captives for their new lot in life; newly arrived African captives would have to be trained into the daily rigors that awaited them in the Americas. This training was carried out on plantations in the Caribbean, such as Jamaica. 
Estimated mortality rates for this process vary from 7% to 50% with duration between one and four years. 
Most slaves destined for island or South American plantations were likely to be put through this ordeal, though slaves shipped directly to North America bypassed this process. Jamaica held one of the most notorious of these camps. 
The process of seasoning had a strong profit motive. For example, the average price of adult male slaves in Jamaica (1770s) was approximately 52% higher than "New Negroes" (Africans who came to a New World).

</doc>
<doc id="18373306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373306" title="Hulk Vs">
Hulk Vs

Hulk Vs is a 2009 direct-to-video animated release from Marvel Animation and Lionsgate, featuring the Incredible Hulk in two short films: Hulk Vs Wolverine and Hulk Vs Thor. The animation was by Madhouse, and Kaare Andrews provided the DVD and Blu-ray packaging artwork.
Plot.
Hulk vs. Wolverine.
In the prologue Wolverine wakes up dazed and confused in a crater in the mountains. As he tries to recall how he got there he is confronted by the Hulk, jogging his memory. Wolverine was sent by Department H to track down a beast called "the Hulk" by the US Military, which has been rampaging across the Canadian Wilderness. In the ruins of Elkford, British Columbia Wolverine picks up its scent. After a few hours tracking the creature in the wilderness, Wolverine finds Dr. Bruce Banner. He questions him but starts to violently interrogate him after realizing that he had the same scent as the creature. Ignoring numerous warnings, Wolverine continues the interrogation until Banner transforms into the Hulk and sends him flying, and crashing into a crater. 
The two combatants fight evenly matched until they are ambushed by Team X (composed of Deadpool, Omega Red, Lady Deathstrike, and Sabretooth), who sedate them with tranquilizers and capture them. A flashback shows how Wolverine was abducted by Weapon X, and his skeleton bonded with adamantium under the orders of a Professor Thornton. He escaped sometime later, cutting off Thornton's hand.
Waking up in a Weapon X facility Wolverine is greeted by Professor Thornton, who reveals that they have been tracking the Hulk for weeks (showing in a flashback that Team X destroyed Elkford when they tried to capture him). Professor Thornton plans to erase Wolverine's memory and Banner's personality to use both Wolverine and the Hulk as weapons. However Thornton is betrayed and killed by Sabretooth and Deathstrike when he orders Wolverine be kept alive, as they both want to kill him. Wolverine manages to fight them off and free Banner. He tells Banner to turn into the Hulk to help them escape, however Banner says he cannot due to being drugged (and would not even if he could). Wolverine stabs him in an attempt to bleed out the drugs and force the change. 
While Banner starts to bleed out, Wolverine battles the entire Weapon X team. Just as he appears to be beaten Banner turns into the Hulk, who kills or incapacitates the Weapon X Team. Wolverine eggs the Hulk on as he destroys the base, only for the Hulk to swing a generator at him causing the base to explode. Wolverine is sent flying by the explosion. He watches the base burn until the Hulk jumps out and lands right in front of him. Eager to finish what they started the two lunge at each other. The screen cuts to black leaving the fight with a cliffhanger ending, and the victor ambiguous. 
In the post-credits, Deadpool is shown to have survived the destruction of the facility and expressing great relief at being alive, only to be crushed by the Hulk as he lands on him and jumps into the distance. Deadpool makes a weak "Ow", however, noting that he is "still" alive, though in a massive deal of pain.
Hulk vs. Thor.
For ages, Odin has protected Asgard. But every winter he must rest and regain his strength for one week. During this time, all of Asgard's foes try to claim the realm for their own, but are always stopped by Thor, albeit with the loss of many brave Asgardian warriors.
Loki, god of mischief, brings Dr. Bruce Banner to his lair in Asgard. Using her magic Amora, the Enchantress separates Banner and the Hulk, giving Loki control over it. 
Hulk/Loki arrives at the gates of Asgard and attacks the Warriors Three (Fandral, Hogun, and Volstagg) and other Asgardians. Thor, who is familiar with Banner tries to communicate with him, Loki revealing that he is in control of the Hulk. After a prolonged battle, Hulk/Loki attempts to pick up Thor's hammer, Mjolnir, which is unliftable to any but Thor. Mjolnir flies to Thor, who blasts Hulk/Loki with lighting, unintentionally separating Loki from the Hulk. Without Banner's personality or Loki's control, the Hulk is completely unstoppable, and nearly beats Thor to death.
Near death Thor's soul is nearly claimed by Hela god of the Underword, but is revived by Amora. Realizing he cannot defeat the Hulk, Thor decides they must reunite him with Bruce Banner. Amora betrays Loki and leads Thor to him. They arrive at Loki's hideout and discover that Loki has killed Banner, growing tired of Banner's warnings about the Hulk. Without Banner Amora has no way to send the Hulk back to Earth. Thor sends Amora to aid Sif in Odin's defense, and Loki summons all of his evil forces to battle the Hulk who is drawn to the light of Odin's chamber.
Thor and Loki arrive in the Underworld where Hela refuses to bring Banner back. Loki however convinces her to bring him back, since Bruce's spirit was split from the Hulk she has an "incomplete soul". She brings Bruce back from his blissful paradise, however he refuses to return and join with the Hulk instead wishing to remain dead. Loki slyly manages to convince Hela to bring the Hulk to Hel, so that she could have the complete being. She complies and teleports the Hulk to Hel, just as he reaches Odin's slumbering form.
After a battle with Loki and Thor, the Hulk and Banner rejoin and are teleported back to Earth by Hela, who considers him too dangerous to be kept. However she demands a soul in exchange for giving up Banner's and the damage caused to her realm from the Hulk. Hela takes Loki's for this, albeit temporarily, given that she is his daughter. Odin awakens and holds a celebration for Asgard's triumph over evil and also gives his thanks to Bruce Banner. The final scene is of Banner walking alone down a barren highway.
Cast.
Additional voices by Brian Drummond and Scott McNeil.
Production.
Hulk vs. Wolverine.
Hulk vs. Wolverine is a 37 minute short. Frank Paur was the producer/director and Jeff Matsuda was the art director, Craig Kyle and Christopher Yost wrote the story. Writer/producer Craig Kyle has stated that the film is a prequel to the "Wolverine and the X-Men" animated TV series, with the characters having a less violent rematch in episode 7 of the series. However, there are numerous contradictions between this short and the television series. In episode 7, Banner does not recognize Logan, and brief flashbacks to the first Wolverine-Hulk battle portray it differently. In later episodes involving the Weapon X program, Wolverine initially has no memory of the program or Sabertooth, Professor Thornton is alive and does not have a prosthetic arm, and the chamber where Wolverine was infused with adamantium resembles the recumbent version in the live-action film continuity rather than the upright tube shown here.
Hulk vs. Thor.
Frank Paur was the producer and Sam Liu was the director. This 45 minute long short film has a Ragnarok theme, in which the Incredible Hulk battles "every known entity in the Thor franchise" (collectively known as the Gods of Asgard) when Loki teleports him there while Odin is in his Odinsleep.
Reception.
Hulk vs. Wolverine.
Reception for Hulk vs. Wolverine has generally been favorable. Cindy White of IGN said "The benefits of a direct-to-DVD project like this is that the creators didn't have to shy away from the kind of gore that would be unacceptable for a Saturday-morning audience" commenting on how Wolverine uses his claws on a living entity and not just on robots as in other animated features. El Bicho of Blog Critics stated: "“Hulk vs. Wolverine” is a very good cartoon with a lot of action. Sobrino used “awesome” and “cool” to describe it and noted “every kid loves violence.” It also portrays Wolverine’s origin story well. The only downside is that everyone involved with Weapon X seems to have magical healing powers that allow them to put themselves back together when limbs are lost. When a slice of Deadpool’s arm slides by like a piece of meat, Sobrino said it 'should have been rated R.'"
Todd Douglass Jr. of DVD Talk described it as fast paced, but criticized the Weapon X backstory as "a bit out of place" and said it "also takes away from the Hulk versus Wolverine storyline."
Kerry Birmingham of DVD Verdict stated "The most immediately successful of the two is Wolverine, enlivened by a punchier script than its Norse cousin. Craig Kyle and Chris Yost, screenwriters for both episodes, are veteran comic book writers and well-versed in the world of the X-Men, and as such seem to have injected Wolverine with a bit more energy."
Hulk vs. Thor.
Reception for Hulk vs. Thor has been mixed. Cindy White of IGN stated "Rather than the wild, forest landscapes of Canada, this one deals with the stately architecture of Asgard, and there are a lot more characters. Being less familiar with Thor as a series, some of the shout-outs to the comics were lost on me, for the most part, but I'm sure Thor fans will appreciate them. El Bicho of Blog Critics stated: "“Hulk vs. Thor” is enjoyable, but it’s noticeably different in pace and tone from “vs. Wolverine. They did spend more time with the character of Banner.
Todd Douglass Jr. of Dvd Talk found Thor overall a bit more favorable: "In Hulk vs. Thor the plot is a little more calculated and it feels balanced by comparison." and actually like the battles "One of the joys of Hulk vs. Thor was watching the monster tear his way across Odin's world. Nothing can stand in his way and there are many outstanding moments and fight scenes peppered throughout the film." 
Kerry Birmingham of DVD verdict stated "Kyle and Yost have less of an affinity for Thor, and it shows; their Thor script, despite its violence, lacks the glee of the Wolverine installment. In approaching Thor's Hulk as a raging counterpart to Wolverine's more reactive, child-like Hulk, the creators commendably draw a distinction between their interpretations of the character, but the Asgard throw down is simply less fun than its more gonzo counterpart."

</doc>
<doc id="18373329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373329" title="Classic Hot Tuna Electric">
Classic Hot Tuna Electric

Classic Hot Tuna Electric is a Hot Tuna album released in 1996 and is an expansion of the B-side of the 1985 vinyl release "Historic Live Tuna". The tracks were recorded at a live electric performance on July 3, 1971 at the Fillmore West auditorium in San Francisco.
The A-side of "Historic Live Tuna" was expanded as "Classic Hot Tuna Acoustic" and released at the same time as this album.
Another song from the Fillmore West concert, "Keep Your Lamps Trimmed and Burning", was included in the album "".

</doc>
<doc id="18373342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373342" title="Cysteinyldopa">
Cysteinyldopa

Cysteinyldopa is a catecholamine. Excessive cysteinyldopa in plasma and urine has been linked to malignant melanoma. Cysteinyldopa is found in large amounts in the plasma and urine of patients with malignant melanoma. It is therefore used in the diagnosis of melanoma and for the detection of postoperative metastases. Cysteinyldopa is believed to be formed by the rapid enzymatic hydrolysis of 5-S-glutathionedopa found in melanin-producing cells. 

</doc>
<doc id="18373353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373353" title="Falling (Cathy Dennis song)">
Falling (Cathy Dennis song)

Falling is a song by Cathy Dennis. It was released in 1993 and was the third single from 'Into The Skyline' in the UK. 
The single version of 'Falling' was remixed by PM Dawn. This recording lead to Cathy singing backing vocals on 'Looking Through Patient Eyes'.
Video.
The video for "Falling" was very much stylized as Cathy Dennis' scene shot in black and white with a glittery background. There are extras (especially white mice) that can be seen, as well as everything falling like nails, paper glitters, thumbtacks and the Cathy Dennis doll.
Single cover.
The single cover features Cathy in a bright pink knit torn in places with a beautiful beach background. the words "cathy dennis falling" are written large in a soft unblod italic font.
Track listing.
UK CD single
~ Different to Japanese album version

</doc>
<doc id="18373364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373364" title="Isaac Nieves Rivera">
Isaac Nieves Rivera

Isaac "Saito" Nieves (born January 6, 1981 in Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican soccer player who currently plays midfielder for Bayamon FC of the Puerto Rico Soccer League. Nieves played for the Puerto Rico national football team in a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying match.

</doc>
<doc id="18373369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373369" title="113th Sustainment Brigade (United States)">
113th Sustainment Brigade (United States)

The 113th Sustainment Brigade is a modular sustainment brigade of the United States Army National Guard.
The unit is composed of units from the North Carolina Army National Guard. The unit was originally formed in 1974 as the 113th Field Artillery Brigade. On 5 October 2008, the unit was reformed as a sustainment brigade, losing the 5th Battalion, 113th Field Artillery Regiment, a unit that had been assigned to the brigade since its formation, as a part of the process.
Insignia.
Shoulder Sleeve Insignia.
Description: The new shoulder sleeve insignia is a scarlet rectangle arched at the top and bottom, three inches in height and two inches in width. There are three buff bendlets, superimposed by a black sword pointing up, all within a one-eight inch yellow border.
Symbolism: The three bendlets represent Ordnance, Quartermaster, & Transportation; the three branches that form the Logistics branch, which is the parent branch of the Sustainment Brigade. The sword represents the Warrior Ethos. Buff (gold) and red are the colors traditionally used for Sustainment and Support. This patch will be worn on the Class-A uniform, and a subdued version will be worn on the Army Combat Uniform.
Background: The shoulder sleeve insignia was effective 1 July 2010.
Distinctive Unit Insignia.
Description: The distinctive unit insignia will be a gold-color metal and enamel device one and one-eight inches in height. The device will have a rectilinear shield blazoned. In the middle of the shield, there is a silver (white) half and a red half behind a black horse rampant. A blue block is above the horse. Around the blue block is a red tripartite scroll, with “FIRST LINE” inscribed on the top section. On the side sections, there are two gold stars on either side.
Symbolism: The blue, white and red colors of the shield are in reference to the state flag of North Carolina. The colors also symbolize loyalty, purity of purpose, and valor. Scarlet and gold are the colors used by Sustainment units. The four stars represent Ordnance, Quartermaster, Transportation and the Warrior Ethos. The rearing horse, in its combatant stance, captures the fighting spirit of the Brigade. The radiating lines in the background signify that all roads lead to logistics. Gold is emblematic of excellence and high ideals.
Background: The insignia was effective 1 July 2010.
Current Command Structure.
113th SB Commander:
113th SB Command Sergeant Major:
113th STB Commander:
113th STB Command Sergeant Major:
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="18373370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373370" title="The Towers at Channelside">
The Towers at Channelside

The Towers at Channelside is a two-building, 29-story condominium complex located in Tampa, Florida.
The Towers at Channelside are located in the Channel District of Tampa. The Towers are part of an effort to revitalize Tampa's downtown district, but due to the massive influx of condo construction and the poor housing market the builders were forced to file for bankruptcy protection.

</doc>
<doc id="18373409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373409" title="Sarah Pratt">
Sarah Pratt

Sarah Pratt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18373423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373423" title="Hyleas Fountain">
Hyleas Fountain

Hyleas Fountain (born January 14, 1981 in Columbus, Georgia) is an American heptathlete.
Career.
Early years.
Hyleas was a member of the 1992 Harrisburg Parks and Recreation track club under coach Horace Camero, until 1994 Greater Paxtonia Track Club under coach Darnell L Williams. Fountain attended Central Dauphin East High School in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania where she was under the coaching of Al Moten, and continued her career at Barton Community College (Kansas) under Coach Jack Bowman and then going to the University of Georgia under coach Wayne Norton. Fountain has won NCAA championships in both the heptathlon and long jump.
2005-2006.
She finished 12th at the 2005 World Championships and eighth at the 2006 World Indoor Championships.
2008.
In 2008, Fountain qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics by winning the U.S. Olympic Trials with a personal best score of 6667 points in the heptathlon. Fountain set personal bests in five of the seven heptathlon events at the Trials. 
At the Olympics themselves, she originally finished in the bronze medal position. However, after the silver medallist Lyudmila Blonska tested positive on her drug test, Fountain was elevated to the silver medal position.
2009-2010.
Fountain seemed sure to qualify for the 2009 World Championships in Athletics after gaining a significant lead in the heptathlon at the US Championships (5193 points after five events). However, she injured her neck in the high jump event and aggravated the injury after a personal best long jump, thus ruling her out of the US and World Championships.
She finished fourth in the pentathlon at the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships, setting a personal record of 4753 points as well as setting indoor bests in the shot put, high jump and 800 meters. Later that year she took on reigning world champion Jessica Ennis in a three-event challenge at the Adidas Grand Prix. Although Fountain won only one of the events, she won the competition by merit of having the greatest points total.
2011.
She led the 2011 World Championships in Daegu, South Korea after 2 events, but then fell away and pulled out of the final event (800 meters) without announcing why.
2012.
Qualified for the 2012 London Olympics on June 30, 2012.
In the Heptathlon at the London 2012 Olympics, Hyleas was competitive up until a disappointing Long Jump, where she began to suffer from lower back pains. She continued into the Javelin but was only able to make a non-competitive performance. She did not compete in the 800 metres and while finishing with the highest incomplete score, officially registered a DNF.
Personal bests (outdoor).
Last updated 27 June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18373446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373446" title="Cristiane Justino">
Cristiane Justino

Cristiane Justino Venancio (born July 9, 1985) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and the former Strikeforce Women's Featherweight Champion and the current Invicta FC World Featherweight Champion . Justino won the title on August 15, 2009, by defeating Gina Carano via first-round TKO. She lives in San Diego where she trains and teaches at The Arena.
Justino is currently the #2-ranked pound-for-pound female MMA fighter in the world by MMARising.com and the #1-ranked 145-pound female fighter according to the Unified Women's MMA Rankings.
Early life.
Cristiane was a national-level team handball player in Brazil before being discovered by Rudimar Fedrigo, a Chute Boxe Academy trainer.
Mixed martial arts career.
She made her anticipated United States MMA debut on July 26, 2008 against Shayna Baszler at "". She won the fight by TKO in the second round.
She faced Yoko Takahashi on October 4, 2008 at . She won the fight by unanimous decision.
Justino was scheduled to face Dutch submission specialist Marloes Coenen at XMMA 7 on February 27, 2009, but backed out of the fight after signing a new contract with Strikeforce. Justino earned a BJJ Purple Belt under her jiu-jitsu instructor Cristiano Marcello in 2009.
Strikeforce.
She later signed to fight for Strikeforce, which greatly increased the chance that a fight with Gina Carano would take place. In her Strikeforce debut, Justino faced Hitomi Akano on April 11, 2009 at . Justino came in six pounds overweight for the fight. Akano originally rejected the fight due to Justino failing to make weight but later accepted the fight. Justino defeated Akano by TKO in the third round.
Before the fight with Carano, Justino was interviewed by mmaworldwide.com's reporter Aaron Tru. When asked how long it would take to submit Carano with a choke hold, Justino choked the interviewer out cold, in a matter of seconds.
Justino fought Gina Carano on August 15, 2009 at for the Women's Featherweight Championship. Justino won via TKO at 4:59 of the 5:00 first round. The card was the first time that a major promotion had featured a main event between women. After the match, Justino hugged Carano, and stated in her interview that she had the utmost respect for Carano, and that it was an honor to fight her.
Justino next defended her title against Dutch standout Marloes Coenen at a Strikeforce event on January 30, 2010. Justino won the fight via TKO at 3:40 of round 3.
Strikeforce CEO Scott Coker stated that the next challenger for Justino would most likely be Erin Toughill. However, Toughill later announced her intentions to leave Strikeforce and plans for the fight with Justino were cancelled.
On April 7, 2010, Coker stated that Justino would fight again in June. She faced Jan Finney at and won the fight via KO in the second round. Justino's contract with Strikeforce expired on June 26, 2011. She renewed her Strikeforce contract on August 25, 2011.
Banned substance use.
On September 23, 2011, Strikeforce announced that Justino would return to the promotion to face Hiroko Yamanaka. The fight took place at Strikeforce: Melendez vs. Masvidal on December 17, 2011. Justino won via TKO just sixteen seconds into the first round; however, on January 6, 2012, it was announced that Justino had tested positive for stanozolol, an anabolic steroid. As a result of the banned substance, the fight's result was changed to a no decision. Justino had her license suspended for one year and was fined $2,500.
Invicta Fighting Championships.
On February 15, 2013, Justino signed a multi-fight deal with Invicta Fighting Championships. She was scheduled to make her debut on April 5 at Invicta FC 5: Penne vs. Waterson against Ediane Gomes to determine who would move on to face Marloes Coenen. However, Gomes suffered an injury and Justino instead faced Fiona Muxlow. Justino was successful in her return, winning the bout via TKO in the first round.
Justino faced Marloes Coenen in a rematch for the inaugural Invicta FC Featherweight Championship at on July 13, 2013. She defeated Coenen by TKO in the fourth round to become the first Invicta FC featherweight champion.
She returned to Muay Thai to face Jennifer Colomb at "Lion Fight 11" in Las Vegas on September 20, 2013, defeating the previously undefeated Frenchwoman by TKO in round two. She had initially been set to fight Martina Jindrova but Jindrova withdrew with injury.
She will face Jorina Baars for the inaugural Lion Fight Women's Welterweight Championship in the main co-event of "Lion Fight 14" in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States on March 28, 2014.
Personal life.
Justino was married to MMA fighter Evangelista Santos, but the couple split in December 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18373483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373483" title="The Difference">
The Difference

"The Difference" is the third single from The Wallflowers' 1996 album, "Bringing Down the Horse". The single was released in mid-1997. Though it did not achieve the chart-topping success of previous single "One Headlight" on either "Billboard" rock chart, it spent 8 weeks at #3 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, and peaked at #5 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart. It also peaked at #23 on the Hot 100 Airplay charts in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18373484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373484" title="Dongfang Bubai">
Dongfang Bubai

Dongfang Bubai is a fictional character in the wuxia novel "The Smiling, Proud Wanderer" by Jin Yong (Louis Cha).
Dongfang is the leader of the Sun Moon Holy Cult (日月神教). He castrated himself to learn the skills in the Sunflower Manual and becomes a formidable martial artist. His castration and supreme prowess in martial arts make him one of the most memorable and classic characters in Jin Yong's "wuxia" universe, and his name has become synonymous with homosexuality and sexual perversion in Chinese popular culture.
Role in the novel.
Dongfang is first introduced as a deputy to Ren Woxing, leader of the Sun Moon Holy Cult. Through a scheme, he ousts Ren Woxing from power and imprisons the latter in an underground dungeon in Hangzhou, and thereafter seizes the leadership. Dongfang treats his subordinates cruelly, forcing them to submit to him by making them consume poison pills. After taking the pill, the person will be subjected to severe agony and suffer a long and painful death. If the person agrees to submit to Dongfang and obey him, he/she will be given an antidote to temporarily ease their suffering.
Dongfang castrated himself in order to master the skills in the Sunflower Manual and becomes extremely formidable. His personality also becomes more feminine and he develops a close relationship with a male lover, Yang Lianting. He neglects the cult's affairs and leaves them to Yang.
Ren Woxing eventually escapes from the dungeon with Linghu Chong's help and gradually wins back allegiance from his former followers. Ren Woxing, together with his daughter Ren Yingying, Linghu, and another follower Xiang Wentian, sneak back to the cult to confront Dongfang. In the ensuing fight, Dongfang is invincible and remains on the victorious edge despite being outnumbered three to one. However, he loses concentration after Yang Lianting is injured and abused by Ren Yingying on the sideline. His three opponents use the opportunity to deal devastating blows to him. Dongfang is critically wounded and eventually killed by Ren Woxing. Just right before his death, he manages to blind Ren in one eye with his needles.
Sunflower Manual.
The Sunflower Manual (葵花寶典) was written by a eunuch and was first discovered by two members of the Mount Hua Sect (Yue Su and Cai Zifeng) during a visit to Shaolin Monastery. In an attempt to copy the manual, each of them read half of it and memorised his part before returning to Mount Hua. When they tried to reintegrate their parts back into a whole, they found it incomprehensible. Each believed his memory and interpretation of the manual to be the better but neither could come up with something workable; however from what they could understand of their parts of the manual Yue and Cai became formidiable martial artists, one concentrating on Qi and the second on swordplay with complex compound attacks and combinations. Yue and Cai subsequently become rivals and the Mount Hua Sect is divided into the Qi (氣宗) and Sword factions (劍宗), respectively led by them.
The abbot of Shaolin recognises the evil nature and inherent dangers of practising the manual's skills. He sends a monk Duyuan to act as a mediator between the two factions and dissuade them from practising the manual's skills. The two rivals apologise for their folly and enlist Duyuan's help in attempting to understand the manual better. Duyuan is able to make logical conclusions from Yue and Cai's recollections and he compiles a comprehensible version of the manual, which later falls into the hands of the Sun Moon Holy Cult during a raid on Mount Hua.
At the same time, Duyuan gradually becomes obsessed with the manual and his mind is corrupted by it. He secretly creates his own interpretation of the manual on his kasaya and renounces his vows as a monk, returning to secular life and assuming his former name "Lin Yuantu". The manual he created became the 'Bixie Swordplay' Manual (辟邪劍譜), which bears similarities to the original Sunflower Manual. One such similarity is the requirement for one to castrate himself before practising the skills in the manual.
Appearances in media.
Film.
Brigitte Lin portrayed Dongfang Bubai in the 1992 film "Swordsman II", a sequel to "The Swordsman". The plot differs largely from the novel and Dongfang Bubai is given a more prominent role as the key antagonist. The following year the producers released a film titled "The East is Red", which specially focuses on the character of Dongfang Bubai. "The East is Red" is unrelated to the novel except for its Chinese title "Dongfang Bubai zhi Fengyun Zaiqi", which roughly translates to "The Return of Dongfang Bubai".
Dongfang Bubai is also referred to as "Invincible Asia" in the subtitles of the films "Swordsman II" and "The East is Red".
Lin's portrayal of the character as a trans woman, has influenced later portryals of the character, and it is now usual for the character to be portrayed in this way.

</doc>
<doc id="18373497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373497" title="Splashdown Two">
Splashdown Two

Splashdown Two is a 1997 CD release and expansion of the previous Hot Tuna vinyl release from 1984, "Splashdown". It is a recording of a live acoustic performance from the mid-1970s that had played on the short-lived radio station WQIV.

</doc>
<doc id="18373519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373519" title="Rosa Parks Hempstead Transit Center">
Rosa Parks Hempstead Transit Center

The Rosa Parks Hempstead Transit Center is the Nassau Inter-County Express system's indoor customer facility between Jackson and West Columbia Streets in Hempstead, New York. It is also the terminus for the Hempstead Branch of the Long Island Rail Road. Serving 19 routes, the transit center is the major transfer point for customers using a second Nassau Inter-County Express route or the LIRR. It offers a waiting area, transit information, MetroCard vending machines, a newsstand and restrooms. As of 2012, the LIRR schedules 28 departures and 28 arrivals here on weekdays.
History.
Rail terminal.
Hempstead Station was originally built as a Central Railroad of Long Island depot sometime between October and December 1872, on the corner of Main Street and Fulton Avenue. When the Long Island Rail Road acquired the CRRLI in 1878, this Hempstead Station and terminus came with it, replacing the former 1839-built Hempstead Station, which ran along the original Hempstead Branch.
The station was remodeled in July 1881, and razed in 1913. A second brick station was built in February 1913, which was designed to have trains terminate behind the building rather than alongside of it. This was due to an accident from January 1912 involving a milk train that rear-ended a stationary passenger car, sending it across Fulton Avenue and crashing into a building across the street and resulting in two deaths. Between December 30, 1941 and 1943, service was suspended when the tracks were cut back and the station was moved to Columbia Street. A temporary station was installed 1,265 feet west of its former location until work on this project was finished. Upon the completion of this move and track work, the second station was opened again. However it was gutted in a fire on December 31, 1962 and remodeled in April 1963. This station was razed in 1998 and replaced with a much more elaborate third depot which was built between 1999 and 2002.
Platform and track configuration.
This station has two high-level island platforms, each eight cars long. The east platform is adjacent to Tracks 5 and 6, and the west platform is adjacent to Tracks 7 and 8.
The Hempstead Branch has eight tracks at this location. The four tracks to the east of the platforms but not adjacent to them are used for train storage.
Bus terminal.
In 1993, construction on the Hempstead Transit Center was completed and it was opened to the public. In conjunction with the new railroad station, its construction was part of a plan by Mayor James A. Garner to redevelop Hempstead and help bring it back to prominence as "Long Island's hub". The original Hempstead bus terminal was located across Jackson Street on the corner of Jackson and Main streets. That area is now occupied by the Greyhound bus stop and various businesses. The new transit center can accommodate many more buses than the original terminal and allows almost half of the Nassau Inter-County Express system's routes to run through Hempstead. Although Hempstead has never reached its former level of prominence, the new terminal and railroad station, along with the establishment of many new businesses, have helped to reestablish Hempstead as the hub of Long Island.
The "Rosa Parks" name.
On February 14, 2006, Nassau County Executive, Thomas Suozzi announced that Hempstead Transit Center would be renamed in honor of civil rights pioneer Rosa Parks. Suozzi said, "“To honor her memory and that of her important work, today we are renaming this vital transit hub for one of the most important figures in American history.” In addition to the renaming of the terminal, a permanent exhibit of the civil rights movement will be constructed, telling the story of the struggle for equality through the photographs of photojournalists and artists who covered the unrest of that era, including the late Moneta Sleet, Jr., Jim Peppler (a photographer for Newsday), and Herbert Randall. So far, a column in the back of the bus terminal has been renovated with black marble, engraved with a large image of Rosa Parks and her story below.
Routes.
At the Hempstead Transit Center, there are 19 routes operating through the terminal. Departure assignments during the day are listed below, during late night hours when the terminal is closed, all buses stop on West Columbia Street at Station Plaza immediately north of the terminal.

</doc>
<doc id="18373551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373551" title="John and Priscilla Alden Family Sites">
John and Priscilla Alden Family Sites

John and Priscilla Alden Family Sites is a National Historic Landmark consisting of two properties in Duxbury, Massachusetts, United States.
According to the Department of the Interior's press release:
Alden Homestead site.
This property is the site of John Alden's original home, built c. 1632. John and Priscilla Alden first lived in this house; by traditional accounts the house was abandoned around 1653. The building has not survived, and the property is now an important archeological site. It is owned by the Town of Duxbury.
John Alden House.
The John Alden House is a historic house museum that was purportedly home to John and Priscilla Alden. It is located at 105 Alden Street in Duxbury, Massachusetts. Scholarship variously dates it as built in 1653 according to family tradition, or c. 1700 according to more recent dendrochronology testing of the beams.
Alden was ship's cooper on the Mayflower who arrived in Plymouth in 1620 and later moved to Duxbury. Although not a Pilgrim himself, he was an important figure throughout the period of the Plymouth Colony. This house may have used materials from Alden's earlier house which was nearby.
Recognition.
John and Priscilla Alden Family Sites was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. The sites were declared a National Historic Landmark on October 7, 2008.
The Alden Kindred of America, Inc. is a non-profit 501(c) organization that owns and preserves the John Alden House.

</doc>
<doc id="18373563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373563" title="Three Marlenas">
Three Marlenas

"Three Marlenas" is the fourth and final single from The Wallflowers' 1996 album, "Bringing Down the Horse". The single was released in early 1998. A music video (directed by Big TV!) was produced for the song, beginning with Jakob Dylan emerging out of the ocean and walking around a city for the duration of the song.
It peaked at #41 on the Hot 100 Airplay.

</doc>
<doc id="18373596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373596" title="Pre-emerging markets">
Pre-emerging markets

The term, pre-emerging markets is a standard term for the smaller, and/or less-developed — yet still investable — equity markets of the developing world. The term is a synonym for what have become known as the Frontier markets. The countries comprising the list of pre-emerging, or frontier equity markets is often debated, and by definition, is constantly changing. By definition of their inclusion in this category, pre-emerging markets are expected to "graduate" to emerging market status over time, in that the market capitalization will increase as a percentage of GDP, and that the liquidity of the markets will gradually improve.

</doc>
<doc id="18373625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373625" title="David Cappiello">
David Cappiello

David J. Cappiello (born August 15, 1968), is a businessman and former State Senator representing Connecticut’s 24th Senate District, which includes the communities of Danbury, New Fairfield, Sherman, and part of Bethel. In the Senate, he served as Deputy Minority Leader and Ranking Member of the budget-writing Appropriations Committee.
Early life, education, and family.
Cappiello is a lifelong resident of the city of Danbury, Connecticut. He is a second-generation American, with his grandparents having migrated to the United States from Italy and Lebanon. In 1964, Cappiello’s father started Cappiello Jewelers, which remains to this day a family owned business on Main Street in Danbury. Senator Cappiello frequently cites his small business background as a major force in his political philosophy.
Cappiello is a graduate of Immaculate High School and attended Western Connecticut State University, both in Danbury. He was married in 2002 to Christine Ciarleglio, and the couple resides in Danbury with their two sons Jack Reagan and Jude Francis.
He is currently a mortgage loan officer for Flagstar Bank in Danbury.
Political career and community involvement.
Cappiello’s political career began in 1993 when at the age of 25, he was elected to the Danbury Common Council.
In 1994, he won election to the Connecticut House of Representatives in a contest for the 138th District seat being vacated by Republican Mark Nielsen, who was running for the State Senate. He was easily re-elected to the State House in 1996.
In 1998, Cappiello announced he was vacating his seat in the Connecticut House to run for the State Senate in the 24th District, where Mark Nielsen was retiring to challenge freshman Congressman James H. Maloney. He defeated Democrat Paul Estefan in a landslide, 62.24% to 37.76%, and was re-elected in 2000, 2002, 2004, and 2006.
In the legislature, Cappiello’s priorities included open space and environmental preservation, support for non-profit service providers, public safety, and health care reform. His legislative accomplishments include the state preservation of of open space land at the Bogus Farm in Bethel, a comprehensive legislative review of the State’s Homeland Security preparedness, and a law that requires all newborn babies be screened for life-threatening metabolic disorders. He also led the successful effort in 2008 to thwart a scheduled increase in the state’s gas tax. In 2006, Cappiello was honored by the AARP for his leadership in preserving prescription drug coverage for thousands of Connecticut senior citizens.
A strong fiscal conservative, Cappiello was tapped in 2005 to serve as the ranking Republican member of the General Assembly’s Appropriations Committee, which is responsible for writing the state’s biennial budget.
He is a fierce proponent of the state’s spending cap and a vocal critic of Connecticut's high tax burden, and has voted in opposition to four state budgets due to tax and spending increases. As ranking member of the budget panel, Cappiello was instrumental in the successful Republican effort of 2007 to pass a "no tax increase" budget, despite initial opposition from legislative Democrats.
Cappiello is heavily involved in many civic and cultural organizations, including the Danbury Lebanon American Club, Amerigo Vespucci Lodge, Danbury Lions Club, Danbury Land Trust, American Red Cross of Western Connecticut, Portuguese Cultural Center, and St. Anthony’s Maronite Church.
2008 Congressional race.
On April 18, 2008, David Cappiello filed a campaign committee with the Federal Election Commission to challenge Democratic U.S. Representative Chris Murphy.
On May 10, 2008, Cappiello was officially chosen as the Republican nominee at the Fifth District nominating convention in Southbury.
Cappiello’s candidacy drew the attention of the National Republican Congressional Committee and political observers.
"The Washington Post"’s political blogger Chris Cillizza named Cappiello one of the “Top 2008 Recruits”, and in October 2007, Cappiello was included in the NRCC’s Challengers Helping Obtain the Majority Program (CHOMP) to help raise funds for select candidates challenging incumbent Democratic members of Congress.
On June 9, 2008, Cappiello announced his campaign had raised over $1,000,000 for his challenge to Murphy.
During the campaign, Cappiello focused on economic issues, both in his own policy statements and in his criticisms of his opponent’s record. He supported eliminating earmarks from the federal budget and extending the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts 
Cappiello criticized Murphy on both accounts, pointing to Murphy’s failure to support a Congressional earmark moratorium despite claims during his 2006 campaign that he’d support ending the practice.
Cappiello supported lifting the ban on offshore oil and gas exploration, increased construction of nuclear power plants, and reform of the oil futures market in addition to conservation and renewable energy measures, calling American reliance on foreign oil “a matter of personal, economic, and national security.”.
On Election Day, Cappiello was defeated by the incumbent Murphy.

</doc>
<doc id="18373628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373628" title="USS J. M. Guffey (ID-1279)">
USS J. M. Guffey (ID-1279)

USS "J. M. Guffey" (ID 1279) was a commercial tanker chartered by the U.S. Navy during World War I. However, because her master declined to remain with the ship during wartime, the ship was taken over by the U.S. Navy. She operated out of Scotland until war’s end, and then was returned to the United States, decommissioned, and was returned to her owner.
Built in Camden, New Jersey.
"J. M. Guffey", a 2,520 gross ton (5500 tons displacement) freighter converted to a tanker during construction, was built at Camden, New Jersey, in 1902 by the New York Shipbuilding Company. She was the first ship built by that shipyard.
World War I service.
In 1918 the tanker was operating on bareboat charter on behalf of the British Ministry of War Transport, and a request was made that she be manned by the U.S. Navy as her present master did not desire to remain with the ship and the remaining crew members were willing to enroll in the U. S. Naval Reserve Force. 
The ship was therefore commissioned at Invergorden, Scotland, on 14 October 1918 as USS "J. M. Guffey" (ID # 1279). "J. M. Guffey" operated out of Invergorden replenishing the oil supplies until 24 January 1919 when—after delaying her departure until she received new boiler tubes—she sailed for the United States. She remained in St. Johns, Newfoundland, for 6 weeks before arriving Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 14 April.
The ship had to put in to St. Johns, Newfoundland, because her boilers were leaking badly, and she remained there until leaving on 4 April for Philadelphia accompanied by the tug USS "Iroquois" (later designated AT-46). 
Post-war decommissioning.
After extensive repairs USS "J. M. Guffey" was decommissioned on 17 June 1919 and delivered to the U.S. Shipping Board for return to her owners, the Gulf Refining Company of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. S.S. "J. M. Guffey" was renamed "Meloria" in 1926 and was scrapped at Venice, Italy, in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="18373631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373631" title="Namae wa, Mada Nai">
Namae wa, Mada Nai

"Namae wa, Mada Nai" (名前は、未だ無ひ。; "I Don't Yet Have a Name") is the first single release by Japanese rock band Alice Nine. It was released on July 5, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18373634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373634" title="José Arturo Rivas">
José Arturo Rivas

José Arturo Rivas Mortera (born October 18, 1984 in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz) is a Mexican footballer. He currently plays as a centre back for UANL in the "Primera División de México".
Honors.
Club.
Tigres UANL

</doc>
<doc id="18373642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373642" title="News 3">
News 3

News 3 is a brand name used by various newscasts. The brand name is used by the following television stations:

</doc>
<doc id="18373659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373659" title="HD 140913">
HD 140913

HD 140913 is a star very much like our own Sun located in the constellation Corona Borealis (The Northern Crown) 156 light years away.
The space velocity components of this star are = .
Companion.
HD 140913 has a companion called HD 140913 B discovered in 1996. A brown dwarf which is 46 times as massive as Jupiter. It orbits about every 148 days. Its orbital eccentricity is 0.61 and its semimajor axis is 0.54 AU.

</doc>
<doc id="18373660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373660" title="1090 Vermont Avenue">
1090 Vermont Avenue

1090 Vermont Avenue NW is a high-rise modernist office building in Washington, D.C., which is tied with the Renaissance Washington DC Hotel as the fourth-tallest commercial building in the city (as of January 2010). The building is 187 feet (57 metres) high and has 12 floors. It contained about 160,000 square feet (14,880 square metres) of space when it first opened, but only 150,000 square feet (13,905 square metres) by 1998. Internal build-outs increased the interior space to 187,000 square feet (17,391 square metres) by 2006.
Several small buildings and a surface parking lot originally occupied the 14,927-square foot (1,388 square metre) site. The John Akridge Companies acquired the location in January 1979 for about $200 a square foot. The buildings and parking lot were razed, and construction began in the spring of 1979.
The John Akridge Companies designed and built the structure. The building was jointly financed by Akridge and Mitsui Fudosan America, the United States branch of the giant Japanese real estate firm Mitsui Fudosan.
The building was largely completed in 1979. Although still under construction in April 1980, 90 percent of the building's space had already been leased. It had not yet been completed by May 1980, but internal construction ended later that year. The building has been described as "perfectly bland".
The building was one of five new structures built in the late 1970s which helped rejuvenate Vermont Avenue NW. Construction of the buildings marked the first time since the early 1970s that construction of new office buildings moved east of 15th Street NW rather than west. For many years in the 1980s, the building was managed by JMB Realty.
The building lobby, common areas, and elevators were upgraded in 1995. In 1998, The John Akridge Companies obtained a $21 million loan from HypoVereinsbank, a German investment bank, and used the cash to refinance its stake in the building. The cost averaged out to about $140 per square foot (0.093 square metres). Mitsui Fudosan America bought Akridge's stake in 1090 Vermont Avenue NW for $57 million in April 2007.
A 30-foot (9.15 metres) tall steel geometric sculpture titled "Sky Landscape" by sculptor Louise Berliawsky Nevelson stands across the street. The $640,000 piece of art was dedicated in March 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18373684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373684" title="United City">
United City

United City is a group of businesses based within Greater Manchester, England, who supported proposals for congestion charging in Greater Manchester via the Greater Manchester Transport Innovation Fund bid for £3 billion. The bid was rejected by a referendum on 12 December 2008. Had the proposal been passed, it would have been the United Kingdom's largest public transport investment in history outside of London. United City had over 226  registered companies as of 19 November 2008.
Background and history.
Aim, conditions and demands.
Two quotes from United City explained their aims. 'A statement from United City said it would “represent all forward-thinking companies and organisations which understand that the economic future of Greater Manchester depends on a sustainable road and public transport system and that a world-class integrated network will hugely improve the city region's competitive advantage in the global marketplace.” '
'Ken Knott, chief executive of Ask Developments, said: "United City wants to win (Greater Manchester’s) bid for a world-class public transport network for a world-class city region. We agree with the public authorities that doing nothing is not an option.” '
Their demands were :- 
These were in addition to the following conditions set down by United City :-

</doc>
<doc id="18373706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373706" title="Beth Israel Synagogue (Oranjestad, Aruba)">
Beth Israel Synagogue (Oranjestad, Aruba)

Beth Israel Synagogue is the synagogue of the Aruban Jewish community, located in Oranjestad, Aruba. Beth Israel Synagogue is an independent congregation with a liberal style similar to Reform Judaism or Conservative Judaism.
Community.
The community consists mostly of Jewish immigrants that arrived in Aruba from different parts of the world, and made it their home.
After 1924, a large group of Eastern European Jews, mostly from Poland, settled here, together with Jews from Holland and Sephardic families from the previously Dutch South American colony of Surinam.
The community opened a Jewish center in 1942 – the Jewish Country Club – and four years later, with the arrival of some Holocaust survivors, the community was officially organized.
Today, there are about 75 members, plus 180 overseas members. Due to its small size, and the intimate, close knit nature of the community, one joint organization was formed, blending the Sephardic with the Ashkenazic traditions, respecting the common culture, and enjoying the differences.
Leadership.
As of August 1, 2008 Beth Israel Synagogue engaged the services of Rabbi Dr. Mario Gurevich.
Originally from Argentina, Rabbi Gurevich has served in several South American Jewish Communities and has been a university teacher as well.
Due to his training as both a physician and a pilot, he has been a volunteer member of the Colombian Air Civil Patrol.
Since his arrival, Rabbi Gurevich is leading the religious services and adult education programs and is performing the life cycle events for members and visitors who wish to celebrate in Aruba their weddings, Bar or Bat Mitzvahs’, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18373732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373732" title="Castability">
Castability

Castability is the ease of forming a quality casting. A very castable part design is easily developed, incurs minimal tooling costs, requires minimal energy, and has few rejections. Castability can refer to a part design or a material property.
Part design.
Part design and geometry directly affect the castability, with volume, surface area and the number of features being the most important attributes. 
If the design has undercuts or interior cavities it decreases castability due to tooling complexity. Long thin sections in a design are hard to fill. Sudden changes in wall thickness reduce castability because it induces turbulence during filling; fillets should be added to avoid this. Annulars in the path of flow should be avoided because they can cause cold shuts or misruns. A design that causes isolated hot spots decreases castability. An ideal design would have progressive directional solidification from the thinnest section to the thickest.
Location of the mold's parting line also affects castability, because a non-planar parting line also increases tooling complexity.
If a design requires a high degree of accuracy, fine surface finish or defect free surface it reduces the castability of the part. However, the casting process can be very economical for part designs that require intricate contoured surfaces, thickness variations, and internal features.
Quantitative analysis.
The castability of a design can be partially quantitatively determined by the following three equations. Better castability is denoted by a larger number.
Where Vc is the volume of the casting and Vb is the volume of the smallest box that the casting could fit in.
Where Vc is the volume of the casting and Ac is the surface area of the casting
Where nf is the number of features (holes, pockets, slots, bosses, ribs, etc.)
Material properties.
Material properties that influence their castability include their pouring temperature, fluidity, solidification shrinkage, and slag/dross formation tendencies.

</doc>
<doc id="18373776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373776" title="Piestewa">
Piestewa

Piestewa can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18373815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373815" title="D. L. Menard">
D. L. Menard

Doris Leon "D. L." Menard (born April 14, 1932) is one of the most important songwriters and performers in Cajun music. He has been called the "Cajun Hank Williams" because of the country-tinged sound of his voice and music.
Biography.
Menard was born in Erath, Louisiana. The only child of Mr. Ophy Menard and Mrs. Helena Primeaux Menard. He was part of a Cajun farming family. He started to play guitar at 16 and started playing dances in Louisiana clubs at 17. He was greatly influenced by Hank Williams meeting him once in 1951 at the Teche Club shortly before Hank's death. Since then he has performed in more than 30 countries and served as a good-will ambassador for Cajun culture. He has also recorded with non-Cajun artists, including Bryan Ferry. He and his wife Louella - now deceased - have seven children, seventeen grandchildren, and one great-grandchild. He still lives in Erath and continues to play music. He has maintained a separate career as a craftsman, noted for his handmade ash-wood chairs he makes at his one-man factory in Erath.
Style.
Menard is known for his "tinny" voice and popular guitar strumming style. Anne Savoy generalizes Cajun guitar strumming to two styles: Old Time Style (Cléoma Falcon) and D. L. Menard Style. It uses bass runs on chord changes and incorporates up strokes along with down strokes. He modeled his guitar strumming style after David Bromberg whom he met in 1973.
La Porte En Arrière.
Menard is best known for his song "La Porte En Arrière" ("The Back Door"), which Cajun folklorist Barry Jean Ancelet has called the most played and most recorded Cajun song, selling over 500,000 copies in 1962 alone. It has been covered by dozens of Cajun and zydeco bands and by other Francophone artists such as Kate and Anna McGarrigle. Menard has said he modeled it on Hank Williams' "Honky Tonk Blues." He composed it in under an hour, while working at a service station in Erath.
Awards.
In 1993, his album "Le Trio Cadien" was nominated for a Grammy Award in the Best Traditional Folk Album category. In 1994, he was awarded the National Heritage Fellowship Award by the National Endowment for the Arts. In 2009, he was inducted into the Louisiana Music Hall of Fame along with Jo-El Sonnier, Doug Kershaw, and Jimmy C. Newman. In 2010, his album "Happy Go Lucky" was nominated for a Grammy Award in the Best Zydeco Or Cajun Music Album category.

</doc>
<doc id="18373831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373831" title="1985 800 km of Selangor">
1985 800 km of Selangor

The 1985 Malaysia 800 Selangor was the tenth and final round of the 1985 World Endurance Championship. It took place at the Shah Alam Circuit, Malaysia on December 1, 1985.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="18373845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373845" title="Zhang Li (entrepreneur)">
Zhang Li (entrepreneur)

Zhang Li (; born 1953 in Guangzhou, Guangdong), is a Chinese entrepreneur and billionaire. He is President of the Fuli Group (富力集團/富力集团).
Biography.
Zhang was born in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China in 1953.
Zhang at beginning was an industrial worker in a textile factory (since 1973), later became an official served in the local government. 1986, He became the chief manager of the Garden Village Hotel (Chinese: 花园村酒店). 1988, he first entered the constructional industry, then developed his own business in the field of real estate. He has a long cooperation with the Hong Kong-based businessman LI Silian (Chinese: 李思廉).
2002, Zhang first invested in Beijing, with 3.2 billion Chinese Yuan. He mainly invested in real estate in Beijing, to fit the demands of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games.
In Hurun Report 2004 China Rich List, Zhang was ranked among top 100 with a wealth of 1.5 billion Chinese Yuan. In 2005's Hurun China Rich List, Zhang was ranked No.43 with 2.8 billion Chinese Yuan. In 2007's Forbes Mainland China Rich List (Chinese: 福佈斯中國富豪榜), Zhang was ranked No.4 with $4.075 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="18373853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373853" title="Sons of Soul">
Sons of Soul

Sons of Soul is the third studio album by American R&B group Tony! Toni! Toné!, released on June 22, 1993, by Wing Records and Mercury Records. It is the follow-up to their successful 1990 album "The Revival". Recording sessions for the album initially took place in 1993 at several studios in California, including Westlake Recording Studios in Hollywood and Paradise Recording Studio in Sacramento. Jaded with the various people frequenting those studios, Tony! Toni! Toné! moved their sessions to Caribbean Sound Basin in Trinidad, where they ultimately wrote and recorded most of the album.
The album was produced entirely by the group, who worked with various session musicians and utilized both vintage and contemporary recording equipment. With "Sons of Soul", they intended to pay homage to their musical influences—classic soul artists of the 1960s and 1970s. It also expands on the traditional R&B influence of their previous album and incorporates live instrumentation, funk, and hip hop elements such as samples, beats, and scratches. The album's songwriting was handled mostly by lead singer and bassist Raphael Wiggins and is characterized by quirky, flirtatious lyrics.
The album was a critical and commercial success upon its release. It charted for 43 weeks on the "Billboard" 200, peaking at number 24, and was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). "Sons of Soul" received general acclaim from music critics and was named the best album of 1993 by both "The New York Times" and "Time". With the album's success, Tony! Toni! Toné! become one of the most popular R&B acts during the genre's commercial resurgence in the early 1990s. However, after an ill-fated tour, the group went on hiatus and pursued individual projects before reuniting in 1995.
Background.
Inspired by live instrumentation, turntablism, and classic soul music, Tony! Toni! Toné! mostly produced their second album "The Revival" themselves and released it in 1990 to commercial success. It broadened the group's exposure to fans beyond their R&B audience. However, they became ambivalent about their newfound mainstream success and their music being labeled "retro" by critics. In an interview for "People" magazine, lead singer and bassist Raphael Wiggins expressed his dissatisfaction with the industry, saying that "every record company wants to get a group and put 'em in a Benz with a car phone and a beeper, show them dressing in three different outfits, put them in a video shot on a beach with lots of swinging bikinis. You won't ever see us on a beach. We're just down-to-earth, funky, like-to-play guys." Before considering a follow-up album, the group recorded several songs for film soundtracks, including "Me and You" for "Boyz n the Hood" (1991), "House Party (I Don't Know What You Come to Do)" for "House Party 2" (1991), and "Waiting on You" for "Poetic Justice" (1993).
Having fulfilled their creative intentions with "The Revival", Tony! Toni! Toné! wanted to pay homage to their musical influences with "Sons of Soul". In a 1993 interview for "The New York Times", Wiggins elaborated on their direction for the album, stating "We're paying homage to a lot of older artists who paved the way for us artists like the Temptations, Sly and the Family Stone, Earth, Wind and Fire. They're the people who inspired us when we were growing up, people like Aretha Franklin, James Brown. We feel we're the sons of everything and all those people who came before us." He also explained the album's title as a declaration of them being descendants of those artists, "not in a grandiose sense, but from the standpoint that we really are the musical offspring of all that's come before us ... paying homage to our past, but creating in a contemporary environment."
Recording.
The group began recording "Sons of Soul" in 1993. They initially held sessions at several recording studios in California, including Air L.A. Studios, Paramount Recording Studios, and Westlake Recording Studios in Hollywood, Jam Studio in Oakland, J.Jam Recording in Oakland Hills, and Paradise Recording Studio in Sacramento, where Raphael Wiggins resided at the time. Wiggins, his brother guitarist D'wayne Wiggins, and drummer Timothy Christian Riley each played several instruments for the album. Raphael and D'wayne came up with ideas for songs by playing guitar and a drum machine, and working them into compositions with Riley and Carl Wheeler, an unofficial member and in-studio keyboardist for the group. They also created drum loops at their homes, with Raphael using an Akai MPC60 and D'wayne using an Emulator SV12, and the group improvised their respective instrumental parts for songs at the studio to a certain loop.
They also worked with various session musicians, including string arranger Benjamin Wright, programmer Ali Tabatabaee, saxophonists Gerald Albright and Lenny Pickett, trumpeter Ray Brown, arranger Clare Fischer, and audio engineer Gerry Brown. Brown engineered the group's previous albums, and later their subsequent output, including Raphael Wiggins' solo albums after Tony! Toni! Toné!. Brown recommended for him to use a dynamic microphone when recording his vocals to thicken them with more bass, a practice Wiggins continued throughout his career. Wiggins sought after former Tempations vocalist Eddie Kendricks to sing on "Leavin'", but Kendricks died prior to the sessions. They also worked with two horn sections, The Fat Lip Horns and The SNL Horns, the horn section of the Saturday Night Live Band. Raphael and D'wayne Wiggins sang impromptu musical ideas to the SNL players, who in turn modelled their horn parts after their singing.
Trinidad sessions.
Jaded with their lifestyles in California and the various people frequenting the studios, the group moved the sessions to Caribbean Sound Basin in Maraval, a suburb of Port of Spain, Trinidad. The studio complex was one of Trinidad's few high-end recording locations and was founded in 1990 by Trinidadian businessman Robert Amar, who wanted to attract both local and international recording artists with a state-of-the-art facility and the area's culture. The group intended to use to the studio only to polish their previous sessions' output, but ended up writing and recording what became most of the album for two months. D'wayne Wiggins said of the move in an interview for "Musician", "the record company really wanted to put what we had out, but we ourselves didn't feel like the album was done."
Caribbean Sound Basin housed three separate studios and several amenities, including a swimming pool, gym, sauna, photographic studio, and bedroom suites. In contrast to most recording studios, its interior was spacious and exposed to natural light. At the studio complex, Raphael, D'wayne, and Riley recorded extensively into the night and went out to enjoy the nightlife, before returning to the studio. They often dimmed the lights, burned incense, and drank wine to set the mood when recording, which D'wayne explained in "Musician", "We try to make it real calm and mellow. 'Cause you want to be able to get into what you're singing." They also immersed themselves in the local dancehall scene and attended late-night block parties that lasted until dawn. D'wayne recounted his nightlife experiences with the group in a November 1993 interview, stating:
Their subsequent recording for the album was influenced by their experiences in Trinidad and Caribbean musical styles, including the rhythms and festive atmosphere of the local music scene. Tony! Toni! Toné! enlisted Trinidadian dancehall artist General Grant, a regular at Caribbean Sound Basin, to perform a ragga rap on "What Goes Around Comes Around" and "Dance Hall", songs conceived in Trinidad. Raphael Wiggins recalled their recording in an interview for the "Toronto Star", saying that "was just hanging around the studio. We asked him to come freestyle on ['What Goes Around Comes Around'. After that, he just kept hanging around. Then we had the song 'Dance Hall' playing one night and he started again, so we just turned on the mic." "My Ex-Girlfriend" was also recorded there. According to D'wayne, they recorded "Tonyies! In the Wrong Key" in the studio at 3 a.m., and Raphael was "quite snookered" on an alcoholic beverage when delivering his vocals.
Collectively, the group had written and recorded approximately 40 songs at the end of their sessions for "Sons of Soul". In an interview for "Billboard", D'wayne Wiggins discussed their final selection of songs for the album's track listing, stating "The love songs, the lovemaking songs set the pace for the album. We kept our audience in mind in deciding what would make the final selection."
Production.
Unlike with their previous albums, the group produced "Sons of Soul" entirely themselves. They utilized both vintage and contemporary recording gear in the album's production, including a Hammond B-3, Clavinet, ARP String Ensemble, and Korg and Roland synthesizers. Riley viewed that hearing music played from the older instruments affected their songwriting. For his vocals, Raphael recorded with Neumann U 87 and AKG C12A condensor microphones, as well as a vintage RCA Type 77-DX microphone. He used a custom five-string bass from a guitar and bass repair shop in San Francisco, as well as a Minimoog analog synthesizer for other bass lines on the album. D'wayne used a Microtech Gefell UM70 for his lead vocals and an AKG 414 for his background vocals. He played a vintage Gibson L6-S and a Fender Coronado guitar, modified with Gibson burst bucker pickups. Aside from his drumming, Riley played both Wurlitzer and Fender Rhodes electric pianos.
Caribbean Sound Basin's main studio had both analog and digital equipment, a 60 ft x 70 ft x 18 ft live room, and three isolation booths, for vocals, piano, and drums. The group recorded original tracks using Studer 24- and 48-track recorders and transferred them to a Sony digital recorder. For most songs, MIDI keyboards were played live into a sequencer and left unquantized, while vintage keyboards were recorded to analog tape. Riley said of the process in an interview for "Keyboard" magazine, "even though we used a sequencer for some stuff, we'd still cut the song live from start to finish. See, the last record was all done with a Synclavier. But this time, we tried to keep it all live and raw."
Record producer and DJ Ali Shaheed Muhammad, credited for programming on the album, assisted in its production. He cited the group's fusion of hip hop production and live instrumentation for "Sons of Soul" as the inspiration for his subsequent work as a member of A Tribe Called Quest and The Ummah. Muhammad discussed his experience recording "Sons of Soul" in a 1998 interview, saying that "I'd just hooked this beat up, and group picked up their instruments and started playing. Raphael was singing, and as soon as he touched the bass, it just blew me away." Raphael Wiggins explained how they valued instrumentation when recording the album, saying that "We want everyone to have something to relate to; a drummer will get into the live drums and so on."
Tony! Toni! Toné! handled the tracking for final mixes of the songs at Caribbean Sound Basin. Its main studio used a 64-channel SSL 4064 G mixing console, the secondary studio used a 48-track Neve console with flying faders, and its third studio used an Amek BC2 console. The group mostly used the older Neve console for mixing the album. In tracking the songs, they started with a drum machine groove as a basic track and recorded it. The parts recorded with live instrumentation were then added to the mix. Live drums and horn sections were included to attain the feel of live performance in the music. "Sons of Soul" was subsequently mastered by engineer Herb Powers at P.M. Entertainment, his mastering studio in New York City.
Music and lyrics.
"Sons of Soul" expands on the traditional R&B influences of Tony! Toni! Toné!'s "The Revival", with upbeat funk and classic Motown styles. Songs such as "If I Had No Loot", "My Ex-Girlfriend", and "Tell Me Mama" are characterized by lively tempos, strident harmonies, melodic hooks, and lead vocalist Raphael Wiggins' high tenor singing. Other songs are characterized by funk grooves, including "I Couldn't Keep It to Myself", "Gangsta Groove", "Fun", and "Tonyies! In the Wrong Key". Rick Mitchell of the "Houston Chronicle" writes that the songs' arrangements "cleverly ... integrate classic influences into contemporary grooves." Carl Allen of "The Buffalo News" asserts that the album "reconnect" black popular music "to its gospel/blues roots with hip-hop flair."
Along with older R&B, the album appropriates contemporary urban styles such as dancehall and hip hop. Its music incorporates hip hop beats, turntable scratches, and samples, which taken from both contemporary hip hop and older soul sources. Tony Green of the "St. Petersburg Times" views that Tony! Toni! Toné! incorporate musical aspects from their R&B and hip hop contemporaries, thereby "represent black pop's Generation X. Mid- to late-twentysomethings caught the tail end of the heyday of acts like Earth, Wind & Fire and Stevie Wonder found themselves getting smacked in the face by the rap revolution." "Keyboard" interprets their reproduction of samples with live instrumentation as an analog approach to the principally digital hip hop genre.
The songwriting on "Sons of Soul" is characterized by lyrics that are often quirky and, particularly on ballads such as "Slow Wine" and "(Lay Your Head on My) Pillow", flirtatious and tender. Raphael Wiggins is credited with the majority of the songwriting. Laura Zucker of "The Sacramento Bee" writes that most of the album is "solidly in the R&B tradition of sweet talking and romancing." Elysa Gardner of "Vibe" perceives a "reverent" ethos in the group's compositions on "Sons of Soul". Unlike most contemporary R&B and hip hop music at the time, the album's lyrics lack profane language, with the exception of "My Ex-Girlfriend", which features the chorus "I couldn't believe it / They tried to tell me my ex-girlfriend is a ho!"
Songs.
"If I Had No Loot" has a New jack swing beat, pronounced guitar licks, vocal samples from hip hop songs, and lyrics about fair-weather friends. "My Ex-Girlfriend" is a humorous commentary on unfaithful partners, and features lowbrow humor in its lyrics, which scold an ex-girlfriend for her promiscuity. It evolved from a concept D'wayne Wiggins came up with after driving past an Oakland hangout for prostitutes and recognized that one of them was an old friend. The upbeat ballad "Tell Me Mama" has surging dynamics, a horn-filled bridge, and lyrics about responsibility and regret. Phil Gallo of the "Los Angeles Times" writes that the song utilizes "Jackson 5 and Temptations vocal stylings, Earth, Wind & Fire horn charts and riffs from Sly & the Family Stone hits". According to "Rolling Stone" journalist Fred Schruers, the album's first five songs comprise a "tour de force that bounces from Motown to New Jack Swing and back before breaking for a series of ballads as sexy as they are sweet". 
"Slow Wine" describes a Trinidadian slow grind dance, and the love ballad "(Lay Your Head on My) Pillow" features tender, seductive lyrics, with subtle come-ons, which according to Gil Griffin of "The Washington Post" "replace hip-hop braggadocio with soul music's promise." "I Couldn't Keep It to Myself" features lush strings and electric piano, which according to one writer "create a jaunty atmosphere that harkens back to early Kool and the Gang and the Blackbyrds." Its narrator wants to brag to his friends about his new girlfriend's sexual abilities. "Gangsta Groove" adapts hip hop's "gangsta" trope in a humane story, compared by one writer to a blaxploitation theme. It draws on the funk music of Parliament-Funkadelic, Cameo, and the Ohio Players. "Tonyies! In the Wrong Key" features a dreamy, dissonant soundscape, slurred vocals, swirling horns, and a James Brown sample. At its end, Raphael Wiggins sings the line "last night a DJ saved my life", a reference to the 1982 song of the same name. Wiggins found his "disinterested" vocal style similar to Sly Stone's "Family Affair" (1971). 
"Dance Hall" is styled in the genre of the same name, and also incorporates funk. The segue track "Times Squares 2:30 A.M." was recorded by the group on the street with a tape recorder. "Fun" has a hip hop groove, jazz fusion tone, and irreverent, party theme similar to "Dance Hall". "Anniversary" is about mature, lasting love. Elysa Gardner of "Vibe" calls it "a grandly romantic, nine-minute bolero that lavishes its female subject with such warmth and respect that the cheeky misogyny of ['My Ex-Girlfriend'] seems instantly forgiveable." "Castleers" is a short vocal track and tribute to Raphael and D'wayne's Castlemont High School chorus group, Castleers Choir, in which they sung as students. Raphael said of its inspiration, "The high school choir was all about that classic R & B harmony, so I named the song after the choir. One of the great things about that experience at school was that it got us ready to go out in the professional world with our music."
Commercial performance.
Released on June 22, 1993, by Wing Records and Mercury Records, "Sons of Soul" attained strong sales and became Tony! Toni! Toné!'s highest-charting album in the United States. It was heavily promoted by Mercury, which sought to capitalize on the success of the group's previous album. The album debuted at number 38 on the "Billboard" 200 chart in the week of July 10. On July 24, it peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Top R&B Albums, on which it charted for 56 weeks. In its first eight weeks of release, "Sons of Soul" sold 281,961 copies in the US. It charted for 43 weeks on the "Billboard" 200, and on September 18, it reached its peak position at number 24. By November, the album had sold almost one million copies in the US.
In the United Kingdom, "Sons of Soul" became the group's only album to chart on the UK Albums Chart; it entered at number 66 in the week of October 2, its only week on the chart. In Canada, it debuted at number 75 on the "RPM" Top 100 Albums in the week of July 24. It ultimately peaked at number 70, and spent nine weeks on the chart.
"Sons of Soul" produced five singles, including the "Billboard" Hot 100 hits "If I Had No Loot" and "Anniversary". On November 14, 1995, the album was certified double platinum by the RIAA, for shipments of two million copies in the US. By 1997, it had sold 1.2 million copies, according to Nielsen SoundScan.
Critical reception.
"Sons of Soul" received general acclaim from contemporary music critics. "Billboard" complimented the album's traditional influences and contemporary sensibilities, and called it "a prismatic record from a maturing group". In his review for the "Chicago Tribune", Greg Kot called the album "the most accomplished merger of hip-hop attitude with a '70s R&B aesthetic" and commented that the group "delivers funk and soul with street-smart attitude". He compared Raphael Wiggins' singing to "a young Stevie Wonder" and said that, while the guitars raise comparisons to Memphis soul, the turntable scratches and "slinky" rhythms are "straight off an Oakland street corner". James Earl Hardy of "Entertainment Weekly" said that it is "fresh, funky, fierce, and it feels good". Gil Griffin of "The Washington Post" called the album "nostalgic, hip and atmospheric through its colorful textures" and said that it sounds modern despite the group's "adulation" for classic soul. 
"The New Yorker" said that Tony! Toni! Toné! easily transitions from "irresistible dance tracks ... to lovely, sensuous ballads." "USA Today"s James T. Jones observed "infectious, instrumental-driven grooves" indebted to Sly Stone. Christopher John Farley, writing in "Time" magazine, found the album "graceful" and "more sophisticated, emotionally and musically", than their previous albums. "Los Angeles Times" writer Connie Johnson praised its "loose-jointed, eclectic and groove-conscious" style and said that their quirky lyrics and musical segues "keep matters lively". Elysa Gardner of "Vibe" commended its songwriting and found the group to be "a reverent bunch, whether serenading a lover or paying homage to the legends of soul".
In a mixed review, Jonathan Bernstein of "Spin" accused the group of "jockeying for position with battalions of H-Towns, Intros, and Silks" with songs like "If I Had No Loot" and "What Goes Around Comes Around", but complimented "Anniversary" as "a song for all seasons." Although he found it lacking a song as "strong" as the group's 1990 hit "Feels Good", Michael Saunders of "The Boston Globe" called "Sons of Soul" "unquestionably better than nearly all of the formulaic soul/pop albums littering the charts" and stated, "Without a homerun to rely on, TTT connects with several solid base hits." He added that its ballads are "sensual without crossing the line into maudlin." Robert Christgau, writing in "The Village Voice", gave it a two-star honorable mention, indicating a "likable effort consumers attuned to its overriding aesthetic or individual vision may well enjoy." He cited "If I Had No Loot" and "Anniversary" as highlights and quipedly called the group "sexy liars of the year".
Accolades.
"Sons of Soul" was voted number 19 on "The Village Voice"s annual Pazz & Jop critics' poll for 1993. "Q" included it on its list of the 50 Best Albums of 1993 and wrote that Tony! Toni! Toné! "deliver high tenor harmonies which hark irresistibly back to The Temptations and Miracles". "Time" ranked the album number one on its year-end list and stated, "evoke past greats such as the Jackson Five with vibrant vocals and melodies, but they never settle for mere imitation. ... the Tonyies are a real band, with real instruments, who have succeeded in bringing the art of R.-and-B. songwriting back to the future." James T. Jones IV of "USA Today" ranked the album number one on his year-end list and stated, "They quote everyone from the Jackson 5 to Marvin Gaye, without ever losing their own sound." It was also named the year's best album by "The New York Times", and one of the year's best by "Newsday".
In 1994, "Anniversary" was nominated for Grammy Awards for Best R&B Song and Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. The album also earned Tony! Toni! Toné! a 1994 critics' award for Best R&B Group from "Rolling Stone". In 1995, "Q" included "Sons of Soul" in its publication "In Our Lifetime: Q's 100 Best Albums 1986–94", a list compiled to celebrate its 100th issue. Music webzine "Pause & Play" ranked it number 11 on its list of The 90s Top 100 Essential Albums. In 2007, "Vibe" included the album in its list of the 150 Essential Albums of the Vibe Era (1992–2007).
Aftermath.
In promoting the album, the group broadened their audience and concert repertoire. Aside from national venues, they promoted the album with concerts in Europe, Australia, and Japan. They also performed on television shows such as "Saturday Night Live", "Late Show with David Letterman", and The Apollo Theatre Hall of Fame ceremony. In November 1993, the group embarked on Janet Jackson's high-profile Janet. World Tour as a supporting act. However, after a few performances, they dropped themselves from the tour in January 1994, having been frustrated with their limited time onstage and Jackson's frequent show cancellations. In an interview at the time, Timothy Christian Riley expressed that they were forced to alter their set list for Jackson's more mainstream, pop audience. A tour staffer recounted that they "left the tour with no advance notice" and "were extremely unprofessional." They were replaced by Mint Condition as Jackson's opening act.
The group subsequently went on hiatus, and each member pursued his own musical projects, including producing and writing for other recording artists. Raphael Wiggins became involved with more high-profile projects, writing and producing for R&B acts such as Total and D'Angelo, and released his solo single "Ask of You" in 1995. He also adopted the surname Saadiq for his professional name, meaning "man of his word" in Arabic. In 1995, Tony! Toni! Toné! returned to record their fourth album "House of Music" (1996), before breaking up in 1997.
Legacy.
"Sons of Soul" bridged the gap between commercial and critical success for Tony! Toni! Toné!, helping them become one of the most popular acts in R&B at the time. Its success exemplified the genre's commercial resurgence during the early 1990s, when hip hop became the predominant African-American music genre in the mainstream. In a 1994 article, Greg Kot of the "Chicago Tribune" attributed its resurgence to younger artists' blend of live instrumentation and hip hop production values, and cited "Sons of Soul" as "the most accomplished merger of hip-hop attitude with a '70s R&B aesthetic." "The Atlanta Journal-Constitution" hailed it as "a gentle reminder of those glory days" and felt that the group having both vocal and musical talents is most indicative of a return to early R&B's aesthetics. Furthermore, they garnered mainstream attention in a year of several high-profile controversies with R&B and hip hop artists such as Michael Jackson and Snoop Dogg. David W. Brown of "The Harvard Crimson" wrote that Tony! Toni! Toné! is "known primarily for the quality of its music, not its extracurricular reputation, unlike other groups such as Jodeci who rely on a playa-gangsta-mack image to sell-records."
Along with acts such as Mint Condition and R. Kelly, Tony! Toni! Toné! played live instruments that complemented their hip hop sensibilities. Their concerts featured visual elements such as incense smoke and kaleidoscopic stage lighting, the group's eccentric wardrobe, and additional instrumentalists, including another guitarist, two drummers, two keyboardists, a violinist, a trumpeter, and a saxophonist. "The Charlotte Observer" remarked on the group in 1994: "heir use of live instruments on record and onstage makes them an anomaly in the synthesized and sampled world of modern R&B." With the group's reliance on traditional soul and R&B values of songwriting and instrumentation, "Sons of Soul" was a precursor to the neo soul movement of the 1990s. Matt Weitz of "The Dallas Morning News" wrote in 1993 that the group had distinguished themselves from their New jack swing contemporaries with "Sons of Soul" and found them aesthetically akin to acts such as Prince and P.M. Dawn. In an interview at the time, Raphael Wiggins elaborated on the album's success and their musicality:
D'wayne Wiggins cited "Sons of Soul" as his favorite album with the group. "Vibe" and the "Philadelphia Daily News" also viewed it as the group's best album; the latter wrote that "it may be the project that got the public's ears ready for all the similarly soulful artists yet to come." Allmusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine felt that they "received their greatest chart success, without compromising their music", which "was still the finely crafted, highly eclectic and funky pop-soul that distinguished their first two albums," but with improved songwriting and playing. Rickey Wright of the "Washington City Paper" called the album "hyperactively brilliant" and said that it showcased "deeply resourceful songwriters who kept up with their audience". He added that "hardly anything in '90s R&B has touched it." Fred Schruers, writing in "The Rolling Stone Album Guide" (2004), mostly credited Raphael Wiggins and wrote that his "high tenor glides as smoothly and confidently as his songwriting".
Track listing.
All tracks were produced by Tony! Toni! Toné!.
Personnel.
Credits for "Sons of Soul" adapted from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="18373862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373862" title="Judas Rising">
Judas Rising

"Judas Rising" is a song by heavy metal band Judas Priest. It is the opening track on the band's 2005 album Angel of Retribution. The song is about the Judas Priest "Messiah" on the cover of the albums "Sad Wings of Destiny", "Painkiller" and "Angel of Retribution".. It was also included on the album's The Essential Judas Priest and 
According to Rob Halford:
It was well received by fans, and has been regularly played live since the album's release.

</doc>
<doc id="18373863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373863" title="Florida Collegiate Summer League">
Florida Collegiate Summer League

The Florida Collegiate Summer League (FCSL) is a six-team wood bat collegiate summer baseball league located in the central Florida region of the southeastern United States. The league was founded in the fall of 2003 and began play in the summer of 2004. It is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization whose mission is to "advance college players toward their futures in professional baseball." The league has experienced success in having players appear in Minor League Baseball. 240 players have been drafted in the first ten seasons including 27 in the 2013 MLB Draft. Major League Baseball alumni include Milwaukee Brewers catcher Jonathan Lucroy, Los Angeles Dodgers shortstop Dee Gordon, Colorado Rockies pitcher Mike McClendon, Washington Nationals outfielder Corey Brown, Milwaukee Brewers pitcher Jimmy Nelson, and Baltimore Orioles catcher Johnny Monell Jr. The FCSL is one of eleven leagues in the National Alliance of College Summer Baseball.
Florida League Alumni - Top 5 Round Picks & Notables.
(*) = Reached the Major Leagues
Florida League Celebrity Golf Tournament.
Every November, the Florida League hosts a celebrity golf tournament at Interlachen Country Club in Winter Park, FL. Money raised from the event helps fund the League throughout the year. The weekend-long event includes a hitting & pitching clinic for kids, a catered pairings dinner, a meet-and-greet with the celebrities, a silent auction and the round of golf. Celebrity appearances have been made by dozens of current and former MLB players including: Davey Johnson, Frank Viola, Hunter Pence, Jose Bautista, Ray Lankford, Gary Carter, Fred McGriff, Jeff Bagwell, B.J. Upton, Tim Wakefield, Zack Greinke, Andrew McCutchen, Tim Raines, Vince Coleman and many others.
Florida League High School Invitational.
In an effort to reach out to baseball players of all levels, the FCSL also hosts multiple spring break tournaments during the month of March. All games are held at Historic Sanford Memorial Stadium in Sanford, FL. These tournaments, known as the Florida High School Invitational, bring in teams from all over the United States. The 2013 tournament featured twenty-three teams from across the country. Notable prospects who have participated in the FHSI include Albert Almora (#6 overall pick, 2012, Chicago Cubs), Dante Bichette Jr. (1st round pick, 2011, New York Yankees), Francisco Lindor (#8 overall pick, 2011, Cleveland Indians), Javier Baez (#9 overall pick, 2011, Chicago Cubs), and Greg Bird (5th round, 2011, New York Yankees).

</doc>
<doc id="18373871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373871" title="Brendan F. Boyle">
Brendan F. Boyle

Brendan F. Boyle is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He is the state representative from the 170th District, which covers parts of Northeast Philadelphia and Montgomery County. He has represented the district since 2009. On April 8, 2013, he announced his candidacy for the U.S. House of Representatives for Pennsylvania's 13th congressional district.
Early life and education.
The son of an Irish immigrant, Boyle was born and raised in the city of Philadelphia. He attended parochial schools in the city before receiving an academic scholarship to the University of Notre Dame. Boyle graduated from Notre Dame with a degree in Government. Boyle later attended graduate school at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government. He earned a master's degree from Harvard in public policy.
Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
On November 4, 2008, Boyle defeated Republican Matthew Taubenberger, son of 2007 mayoral candidate Al Taubenberger, by a margin of 15,442 (59.2%) to 10,632 (40.8%) to win the election. He became the first Democrat ever elected to represent the 170th House district.
On November 2, 2010, Boyle won re-election despite a national Republican wave. Boyle defeated Republican Marc Collazzo by a margin of 64% to 36%. On the same night, his brother, Kevin, was also elected to a seat in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. Kevin defeated former Speaker of the House John M. Perzel. Brendan and Kevin Boyle made history as the first brothers to ever serve together in the Pennsylvania House.
In August 2008, Brendan Boyle was named "one of top 10 rising stars" in politics by the Philadelphia Daily News. Kevin Boyle also made the Top 10 list. In 2011, the Aspen Institute chose Boyle as one of its Rodel Fellows, a program that "seeks to enhance our democracy by identifying and bringing together the nation's most promising young political leaders."
For the 2012 election cycle, Boyle was chosen to serve as Chairman of the House Democratic Campaign Committee, the campaign arm of the House Democratic Caucus.
2014 Congressional campaign.
In April 2013, he announced his candidacy for Pennsylvania's 13th congressional district, a seat which will be vacant following the run of Congresswoman Allyson Schwartz for Governor. He has the support of Congressman Bob Brady, as well as union leaders within the city of Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="18373881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373881" title="Halltown Union Colored Sunday School">
Halltown Union Colored Sunday School

The Halltown Union Colored Sunday School, also known as the Halltown Memorial Chapel, in Halltown, West Virginia, was built in 1901 in the Gothic Revival style. The stone chapel was built by and for the local African-American community on a small parcel of land donated by Daniel B. Lucas from his Rion Hall estate, next to the Halltown Colored Free School. The non-denominational Sunday School operated until 1967, although the building continued in use for weddings and funerals. In 1982 a committee was formed to restore the building, which was carried out the next year. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18373911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373911" title="Ó Tuathail">
Ó Tuathail

Ó Tuathail, or O'Tuathail, is an Irish surname commonly found in Wicklow and Kildare. The family, also known as O'Toole, (an anglicization of the Irish Ó Tuathail), was one of the leading families of the province of Leinster. They are descended from Tuathal Mac Augaire, King of Leinster (died 958), who belonged to the Uí Dúnlainge dynasty. The first to use the surname in true hereditary fashion appears to have been his grandson Doncaon, slain at Leighlin in 1014.
History.
Although the original territory of the Ó Tuathail family lay in Co Kildare, in the 12th century they were displaced by the invading Normans and migrated into the adjoining county of Wicklow, where the area they controlled was roughly identical to the old diocese of Glendalough, with the centre of their power in the region around the Glen of Imaal. Despite the proximity of Dublin, the centre of English rule in Ireland, the Ó Tuathail's maintained a fierce independence and, were a source of great fear to the inhabitants of Dublin and the Pale for almost four centuries. The descendants of the sept took the name O'Toole, although the name is now rare without the prefix 'O'. The tradition of surnames in Ireland developed spontaneously, as the population increased and the former practice, first of single names and then of ephemeral patronymics or agnomina of the nickname type proved insufficiently definitive. At first the surname was formed by prefixing 'Mac' to the father's Christian name or 'Ó 'to that of a grandfather or earlier ancestor.
Related names.
The following is a list of names that are related to O'Tuathail. This is not a complete list; there may be other names.

</doc>
<doc id="18373936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373936" title="Agile mangabey">
Agile mangabey

The agile mangabey ("Cercocebus agilis") is an Old World monkey of the white-eyelid mangabey group found in swampy forests of Central Africa in Equatorial Guinea, Cameroon, Gabon, Central African Republic, Republic of Congo, and DR Congo. Until 1978, it was considered a subspecies of the Tana River mangabey ("C. galeritus"). More recently, the golden-bellied mangabey ("C. chrysogaster") has been considered a separate species instead of a subspecies of the agile mangabey.
Physical characteristics.
The agile mangabey has a short, overall dull olive-grey pelage. The bare skin of the face and feet is blackish. Males are 51–65 centimeters (20–26 in) in length and weigh about 7–13 kilograms (15–29 lb), while the smaller females are 44–55 centimeters (17–22 in) and weigh 5–7 kilograms (11–15 lb).
Behavior.
Similar to other mangabeys, they are diurnal. Although generally arboreal, they do spend a significant portion of their time (12–22%) on the ground, especially during the dry season. It is typically more commonly heard than seen, and males have a loud, species-specific call that is believed to be used to space themselves out. Other calls are also used to maintain group cohesion and warn of predators. Group size can be as high as 18 members, led by a single adult male. Group meetings can be friendly and may involve exchange of members. Adult males not in groups often travel singly.
Diet.
Fruit makes up a major portion of the agile mangabey diet. They are known to eat at least 42 different species of fruit. Their tooth structure and powerful jaws allows them to open tough pods and fruits that many other monkeys can not access. Agile mangabeys eat from a number of dominant swamp-forest trees, including dika nuts and sugar plums, when they are fruiting. They also eat fresh leaf shoots from raffia palms when fruits are scarce. Grasses and mushrooms, as well as insects, other invertebrates, bird's eggs and some vertebrate prey, such as rodents, are also eaten.
Other.
Agile mangabeys are known to contract T-cell leukemia virus, similar to the leukemia virus that infects humans. There is also evidence that they contract Simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV), a virus related to human HIV that infects certain apes and monkeys. They have rarely been kept in captivity, with only three individuals held in ISIS registered institutions in July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18373955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373955" title="Tasmanian state election, 1959">
Tasmanian state election, 1959

A general election for the House of Assembly was held in the Australian state of Tasmania on 2 May 1959.
The two previous elections had resulted in a parliamentary deadlock due to an even number of seats (30) in the House of Assembly. Prior to the 1959 election, the number of seats was increased to 35.
Robert Cosgrove had retired as Premier of Tasmania, and had been replaced by Eric Reece on 26 August 1958.
Results.
The Australian Labor Party won the most seats in the newly-expanded House of Assembly, but not enough to govern in a majority as two seats were won by Independents. The 1959 election was the last occasion in which an ungrouped independent (Bill Wedd) won a seat in Tasmania.
Former Labor Treasurer Dr Reg Turnbull won two quotas in his own right as an independent in Bass, representing 5.64% of the statewide result.

</doc>
<doc id="18373958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373958" title="List of FC Kremin Kremenchuk seasons">
List of FC Kremin Kremenchuk seasons

This is a record of all seasons played by Kremin Kremenchuk since their foundation in 1959.
Key.
Key to league record:<br>
P – games played<br>
W – games won<br>
D – games drawn<br>
L – games lost<br>
F – goals for<br>
A – goals against<br>
Pts – points<br>
Pos – final position<br>
Key to rounds:<br>
PR1 – 1st Preliminary Round<br>
PR2 – 2nd Preliminary Round<br>
QF - Quarter-finals<br>
W - Winners
Key to divisions:<br>
SU Cup - Soviet Cup<br>
S3rd - Soviet Second League<br>
Z - Zone in the Soviet Second League<br>
WB - Western Buffer Zone in the Soviet Second League<br>
UZ - Ukrainian Zone in the Soviet Second League<br>
B - Class B in Soviet Championship<br>
A2 SG2 - Class B, Second Subgroup in Soviet Championship<br>
UF - Ukrainian Soviet competitions<br>
U KFK - Ukrainian championship among collectives of physical culture<br>
1st - Ukrainian Premier League<br>
2nd - Ukrainian First League<br>
3rd - Ukrainian Second League<br>
PO - Poltava Oblast Cup<br>
Bold text indicates a competition won".<br>
Top scorer shown in bold when he was also top scorer for the division.<br>
Division shown in bold when it changes due to promotion, relegation or reorganization.<br>
Where fields are left blank, the club did not participate in a competition that season.

</doc>
<doc id="18373968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373968" title="Now or Never (High School Musical song)">
Now or Never (High School Musical song)

"Now or Never" is the opening musical number and first single from the Walt Disney Pictures film, "". The song is also the first track of the movie's soundtrack. However, when the song is performed in the movie, the first verse is omitted.
Release.
The song had its world premiere on Radio Disney on July 11, 2008 as part of its Planet Premiere featurette. An extended version of the song was released on September 2, 2008 on the iTunes Store as the first official single from the soundtrack. A preview of its use in the movie, along with clips of the movie premiered on Disney Channel on July 30, 2008. On Sunday July 20, 2008, the song premiered in the UK on BBC Radio One as part of BBC Switch.. 
Only Zac Efron, Vanessa Hudgens, and Corbin Bleu sing in the music but it is credited as sung by the Cast of "".
Music video.
A preview of the movie's scene (considered as the official music video) premiered on Disney Channel on July 30, 2008. "Now or Never" is the opening number of the film that takes place during the West High Knights and East High Wildcats State Championship basketball game. The scene begins in the boys' locker room and transitions itself into the gym where the game is taking place. The song ends as the winning shot is made.

</doc>
<doc id="18373975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373975" title="Renaissance Washington DC Hotel">
Renaissance Washington DC Hotel

Renaissance Washington DC Hotel is a high-rise skyscraper located in Washington, D.C., United States. Its construction was completed in 1986. The architect of the building was Smith-Williams Group, who proposed the architectural style of the building, which is postmodern. The building rises to containing 15 stories and 807 units. The building is part of the TechWorld Plaza complex.

</doc>
<doc id="18374028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374028" title="Antoine Roney">
Antoine Roney

Antoine Roney (born April 1, 1963) is an American jazz tenor and soprano saxophonist, brother to trumpeter Wallace Roney.
Born in Philadelphia, he graduated from the Duke Ellington School of the Arts of the D. C. Public Schools and attended college at the Hartt School of Music of the University of Hartford, where he studied with alto saxophonist, Jackie McLean.
Throughout the 80s and 90s he worked with Donald Byrd, Jackie McLean, Clifford Jordan, Ted Curson, John Patton, Rashied Ali, Arthur Taylor, Jesse Davis, Ravi Coltrane, Michael Carvin, Geri Allen, Chick Corea and Elvin Jones and has released five albums as a leader.
Discography.
With Elvin Jones

</doc>
<doc id="18374039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374039" title="Halltown Colored Free School">
Halltown Colored Free School

The Halltown Colored Free School in Halltown, West Virginia was built in 1870 to educate children from the African-American community in Halltown. The school was racially segregated from local schools for whites, in accordance with the laws of the time. It functioned in that capacity until 1929, when it was converted to a residence.
The school is next to the Halltown Union Colored Sunday School, and is owned by the same community organization. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18374062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374062" title="Sanje mangabey">
Sanje mangabey

The Sanje mangabey ("Cercocebus sanjei") is a highly endangered Old World monkey of the white-eyelid mangabey group from Tanzania. They are about 50-65 centimeters long, excluding tail, and weigh about 7-9 kilograms, and their body color is greyish. They live in valley forests, but are mostly ground-dwelling, which makes them susceptible to hunting and poaching. Fruit makes up about 70% of their diet, while foliage makes up most of the rest.

</doc>
<doc id="18374072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374072" title="David Custer">
David Custer

David Luke Custer (born October 14, 1980) is a journalist and television anchor and reporter. He currently works as the anchor of the 6pm, 7pm and 11pm news with Shenikwa Stratford on Toledo's NBC affiliate channel 24 in Ohio.
David Custer was born in Flint, Michigan, and lived in Goodrich, Michigan for most of his childhood and young adult life. He attended Goodrich High School, home of the Martians, and the University of Michigan's Flint campus, graduating with a degree in Communications in 2001.
Custer’s journey into television started as an anchor and a reporter in Alpena, Michigan, in 2002. The station, WBKB, also known as the ‘Sunrise Side’, was the only news station in the area. After spending a couple years at WBKB, Custer moved to WSMH, a Fox affiliate, near his hometown in Flint, Michigan, as both a reporter and a producer. He quickly transitioned from a reporter to weekend anchor. The station merged with the CBS affiliate and he became the weekend morning anchor for WNEM-TV5 until the summer of 2007. Custer briefly left television in 2007 and early 2008 to pursue an executive position in the culinary field at Country Home Creations, an international manufacturer specializing in gourmet food products.

</doc>
<doc id="18374094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374094" title="Revolution (Judas Priest song)">
Revolution (Judas Priest song)

"Revolution" is a song on the album "Angel of Retribution", by the heavy metal band Judas Priest. It was their first single since 1992's "Night Crawler" to enter in the United States charts.it reached #23 in the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
According to the producer Roy Z:
""The bass intro to 'Revolution' is actually from a cassette tape the band recorded back in the 1970s. We loaded the riff into Pro Tools and built the rest of the song around it. We went for a raw, modern '70s vibe. It is a wide-open rock and roll song.""
K.K. Downing said yet that:
""I'm proud of the fact that we really worked hard. The album cover, the message about peoples' perceptions of rock and metal - 'Revolution' with Rob singing, 'Time to change' on the outro - youngsters with aspirations to pick up a guitar, they're listening to the radio thinking, 'Well, that is what I need to be doing...""
It was well received by the fans and it is still played live since its release.
The song has a similar riff to "Mountain Song", by Jane's Addiction.

</doc>
<doc id="18374117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374117" title="Sun Shiyi">
Sun Shiyi

Sun Shiyi (; 1720 – 1796), courtesy name Zhizhi (智冶), pseudonym Bushan (補山), was an official of the Qing Dynasty who served as the Viceroy of Liangguang and of Liangjiang during the reign of the Qianlong Emperor.
A native of Renhe (present-day Yuhang District, Zhejiang), as a youth, Sun was devoted to study and was said to have prevented drowsiness by knocking his head against a wall. Awarded a "jinshi" degree in the imperial examination in 1761, he was secretary to Fuheng during his Burmese expedition, and in 1770 had risen to be Treasurer of Guangxi, when he was cashiered for want of energy, and orders were given to confiscate his property. Struck with the fact that nothing was found to confiscate, the Qianlong Emperor re-employed him, and in 1788, as Viceroy of Liangguang, he invaded Annam and replaced on the throne Le Chieu Thong, who had been driven out be his Minister Nguyen Hue. No sooner had the Chinese withdrawn than another revolution took place, and it was ultimately decided to leave Annam alone. He was sent to Sichuan to see the supplies of the army fighting in Tibet, into which country he advanced over terrible mountains as far as Chamdo. In 1792, on the conclusion of the war with Nepal, the suppression of the White Lotus Rebellion occupied his last days. His physical powers were marvellous, and he required hardly any sleep. He was a great collector of ancient inscriptions. He was ennobled as Duke Mouyong of the First Class (一等謀勇公).

</doc>
<doc id="18374120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374120" title="Fantasy (Alice Nine song)">
Fantasy (Alice Nine song)

"Fantasy" is a single by the Japanese rock band Alice Nine. It is featured on their first album "Zekkeishoku" and coincided with the double a-side release "Akatsuki/Ikuoku no Chandelier".
The single was released in two versions, one with a bonus track and the other with a DVD of the "Fantasy" music video.

</doc>
<doc id="18374134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374134" title="Nivedita Setu">
Nivedita Setu

Nivedita Setu () (also called Second Vivekananda Setu) is a cable-stayed bridge over Hooghly River in Kolkata, West Bengal. It runs parallel to and around 50 m downstream of the old Vivekananda Setu opened in 1932. The bridge is named after Sister Nivedita, the social worker-disciple of Swami Vivekananda.Belghoria Expressway that connects the meeting point of NH 2 with NH 6 at Dankuni to NH 34, NH 35, Dum Dum Airport and northern parts of Kolkata passes over the bridge. The bridge is designed to carry 48,000 vehicles per day.
Technological wonder.
Vivekananda Setu had become weak as a result of ageing and with heavy traffic even repairs became difficult. There was need for a second bridge. 
The main challenge was to design and construct a new bridge that did not mar the view of the old Vivekananda Setu, did not dwarf the historically important Dakshineswar Kali Temple which is located well within visible distance, and carry substantially higher levels of fast traffic for around half a century.
The bridge rests on deep-well foundations going down to the river bed level. It carries six lanes for high speed traffic. The carriageway is supported by 254 pre-stressed concrete girders. Cables from 14m high pylons extend additional support.
Nivedita Setu is the first bridge in the country that is a single profile cable-stayed bridge. By design, the height of the columns are lower than the tip of the Dakshineswar temple.
Construction.
This "wonder of an architecture" bridge is estimated to cost approximately Rs. 6,500 million. The construction of the bridge started in April 2004, by the construction giant Larsen and Toubro and was opened to traffic in a record time in July 2007. 
The bridge is the India's first multi-span, single-plane cable supported extra-dosed bridge; with short pylons and seven continuous spans of 110 m, totaling a length of 880 m (2,887 feet). It is 29 m wide and will be able to support 6 lanes of traffic.
Award.
Nivedita Setu has won an Award of Excellence from the American Segmental Bridge Institute, USA.
Toll.
As of 2011, the toll charges for using Nivedita Setu are: Rs. 33 for light passenger vehicles, Rs. 65 for buses, Rs. 99-Rs. 183 for trucks and multi-axle vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="18374152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374152" title="Nides">
Nides

Nides can refer to:
NIDES stands for:

</doc>
<doc id="18374159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374159" title="Sabrina the Teenage Witch (disambiguation)">
Sabrina the Teenage Witch (disambiguation)

Sabrina the Teenage Witch is a comic book series.
Sabrina the Teenage Witch may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18374162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374162" title="Serial art">
Serial art

Serial art is an art movement in which uniform elements or objects were assembled in accordance with strict modular principles. The composition of serial art is a systematic process.
One early example of serial art is Constantin Brâncuși's sculpture "Endless Column".
One type of serial art is the production of multiple objects (paintings, sculptures, etc.) in sets or series, for example Josef Albers's well-known series of “square” paintings, where a single, repeating image creates a variation series. This technique later became associated with minimalism, the “multiple”, and “ABC art”. However, there is a different type, which may be regarded as more essentially “serial” because it is “characterized by the nonhierarchical juxtaposition of equivalent representations, which only yield their complete meaning on the basis of their mutual relationship”. This produces sequential structures defined similarly to those of a twelve-tone row, found for example in Max Bill's series, "Fünfzehn Variationen über ein Thema" (1934–38), and in Richard Paul Lohse's "30 vertikale systematische Farbreihen in gelber Rautenform" (1943–70) and "Konkretion III" (1947).
Sol LeWitt wrote that "the serial artist does not attempt to produce a beautiful or mysterious object but functions merely as a clerk cataloguing the results of his premise." 

</doc>
<doc id="18374182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374182" title="Zhang Jindong">
Zhang Jindong

Zhang Jindong (; born 1963 in Anhui), is a Chinese entrepreneur. He's one of the two founders and the current president of the Suning Group, headquartered in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province.
Biography.
Zhang was born in Anhui Province in 1963. He graduated from the Nanjing Normal University and studied Chinese literature. After graduation, Zhang first worked in a cloth factory named Haowei Group (Chinese: 豪威集团) between 1985~1989.
1990, Zhang together with his old brother Zhang Guiping (张桂平) opened a shop on Ninghai Road (宁海路) in Nanjing, selling air conditioning and related products. Later Zhang Guiping quit from this business but shifted into real estate.
Zhang further developed his small shop into a giant business group - the Suning Group, with only 15 years. In 2007's Forbes Mainland China Rich List, Zhang was ranked No.5 with 33.61 billion Chinese Yuan (US$ 4.05 billion).

</doc>
<doc id="18374209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374209" title="McDonald Clarke">
McDonald Clarke

McDonald Clarke (1798–1842) was a poet of some fame in New York City in the early part of the 19th century. He was an influence on, and eulogized by Walt Whitman; but widely known as "the mad poet of Broadway", a label with which he identified. He is, arguably, an early example of an outsider artist.
Biography.
McDonald Clarke was born in Bath, Maine on June 18, 1798, apparently the illegitimate son of a ship-merchant.
His mother, by his account, died at sea when he was 12; but little is known of his early life beyond the fact that he and the poet Brainard were playmates. He resided in Philadelphia for a time, reportedly sleeping in the grave-yard at Franklin's monument. By 1819 he had moved to New York city where he sought to establish himself as a journalist and poet, but scraped by in varying degrees of poverty. Penniless, he eloped with and married an actor, a Miss Brundage, greatly against the wishes of her mother. The marriage faltered, seemingly largely because of his inability to earn a living or keep lodgings, and quickly ended in divorce.
He became a familiar and striking figure on Broadway, and well known as an eccentric character. Clarke was an imitator of Byron and copied his airs and costumes, but not – as the New York Times archly put it – his verses. 
Higgins suggests he embraced the mad poet role, in part as a means of entry into New York literary circles, and "clearly relished his role as jester"; but later downplayed the role.
Although he managed to produce work throughout his life, his mental health was fragile and failing. His character was described as "innocent as a child", imbued with a mystic romanticism, and by common consent, he had no vices, but always preserved a gentility of deportment, was inoffensive, and always mild, always happy. He was a regular attendant at the fashionable Episcopal Grace church on Broadway. His oddities, as his friend Fitz-Greene Halleck stated, were all amiable. Nevertheless after the breakdown of his marriage his behavior became wilder and could give rise to alarm, particularly when he became fixated on and followed young women around the city. "His whole life was in fact a restless seeking for other half", according to biographer L. Maria Child.
In the early part of his career he subsisted, barely, on the proceeds of his published books. Later he relied on the sale of poems to newspapers, journals and magazines, but was rarely able to keep a roof over his head, and in a letter to the New York Evening Post was described as "a poetic scintillator of some what odd fancies, who kept the town laughing while he was sometimes starving." He is described as often being reduced to sleeping between two graves in Trinity churchyard, and surviving on crackers and milk.
He drowned on 5 March 1842 in a cell of the city prison by water from an open faucet. A policeman had found him in a destitute and apparently demented condition on the street and taken him to a jail for safety; but this triggered a mental collapse which saw him removed to an asylum. The immediate catalyst for the mental chain of incidents which brought about his death was the culmination of a cruel prank played on him by a group of youths, who elaborately convinced him that a certain woman for whom he longed was in love with him, before letting him down in the most abrupt fashion.
He was celebrated in life in an amusing poem called "The Discarded," written by Halleck, but it was upon Walt Whitman that he made the greatest impression. He penned a lengthy eulogy for Clarke in the "Aurora", another article four days later praising him, and on March 16 published a poem, "The Death and Burial of McDonald Clarke: A Parody", in the same magazine.
Autobiography.
A fragment of autobiography in his own handwriting, penned two months before his death, is still preserved. It reads: 
"Begotten among the orange-groves, on the wild mountains of Jamaica, West Indies. Born in Bath, on the Kennebec River, State of Maine, 18th June, 1798. 1st Love, Mary H. of New London : last love, Mary T. of New York ; intermediate sweethearts without number. No great compliment to the greatest Poet in America should like the change tho' ; had to pawn my Diamond Ring (the gift of a lady), and go tick at Delmonico's for Dinner. So much for being the greatest Poet in America. The greatest Poet of the Country ought to have the freedom of the City, the girls of the gentry gratis, grab all along shore, the magnificent Mary, and snucks with all the sweet Sisters of Song." 
Works.
In the eulogy, Whitman wrote:
"Whoever has power, in his writing, to draw bold, startling images, and strange pictures – the power to embody in language, original, and beautiful, and quaint ideas – is a true son of song. Clarke was such an one; not polished, perhaps, but yet one in whose faculties that all important vital spirit of poetry burnt with a fierce brightness... We always, on perusing Clarke's pieces, felt, in the chambers of the mind within us, a moving and responding, as of harp cords, struck by the wind.
Clarke's most celebrated couplet is often used as a quotation:
"Now twilight lets her curtain down, <br>
And pins it with a star." 
It is also frequently quoted in the following form:
"Night dropped her sable curtain down, and <br>
pinned it with a star."
Influence.
Higgins states that Clarke's impact on Whitman was quite significant, influencing his choice of theme, persona as an outsider artist, and even in the incorporation of prefaces to his poetry collections. Higgins notes that it was said of Clarke that "in a sense, was an early sketch of Whitman."

</doc>
<doc id="18374210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374210" title="Yozyovon District">
Yozyovon District

Yozyovon is district of Fergana Province, Uzbekistan. It contains the villages Yangiobod, Soy buyi, Qara tepa, Moskva kolxoz, Bo'tqachi and Cho'l Guliston.

</doc>
<doc id="18374227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374227" title="Kid Dynamite">
Kid Dynamite

Kid Dynamite may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18374231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374231" title="Yangiabad">
Yangiabad

Yangiabad is a city located in the Angren municipality of Tashkent Province, Uzbekistan.
The village has only three sources of drinking water. The village was previously the site of Kolkhoz (collective farms), but currently there are only farmers and workers. The farmers file quarterly reports to the mayor of Fergana Province.
Every year the government sets a new plan for the year, and the plan for each farmer will be different depending on how much land the farmer holds.

</doc>
<doc id="18374236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374236" title="Anthony Hayes">
Anthony Hayes

Anthony Hayes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18374266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374266" title="1997 Fiesta Bowl (January)">
1997 Fiesta Bowl (January)

The 1997 Tostitos Fiesta Bowl game was a post-season college football bowl game between the Penn State Nittany Lions and the Texas Longhorns on January 1, 1997, at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona. Penn State defeated Texas, 38-15. The game was part of the 1996-1997 Bowl Alliance of the 1996 NCAA Division I-A football season and represented the concluding game of the season for both teams.
The Longhorns, who were fresh off of their upset of No. 3 Nebraska in the First ever Big 12 Championship Game, went into their second straight Alliance bowl with a five-game winning streak.
Texas outgained Penn State 242-95 yards in the first half and posted a 12-7 lead at the half. Quarterback James Brown completed 13 of 18 passes for 150 yards and Ricky Williams ran for 47 yards and a touchdown on nine carries in the first 30 minutes. However, an interception, two drives which were stopped at the Penn State 11, and a failed two-point conversion allowed the Nittany Lions to remain close.
Penn State’s opening score was set up by a Brown interception at the Texas 26 on the second play from scrimmage. The Lions drove to the end zone in four plays, which ended in a four-yard touchdown pass from Wally Richardson to Curtis Enis.
The Longhorns bounced back and drove to the Penn State seven, and Phil Dawson connected on a 28-yard field goal to cut the lead to 7-3.
The Lions ended with a three-and-out on consecutive possessions and, on their first possession of the second quarter, Texas planned another solid drive and found the endzone as Williams charged ran across the goal line for a seven yard score. The two-point conversion failed.
The third quarter was the turning point in the game. Penn State scored 21 points with three rushing scores and limited the Longhorns to just a field goal. Penn State led 28-15 at the end of the third quarter.
On the Lions’ final series of the third quarter, Chafie Fields set up a one-yard touchdown run by Anthony Cleary on an 85 yard double-reverse to the Texas five-yard line.
Texas failed to produce any more offense as Penn State scored 10 more points to seal the 38-15 victory. Penn State outgained the Texas offense 425-360, 330-118 in the second half. As of 2012 this was the last official bowl win by Penn State.

</doc>
<doc id="18374273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374273" title="Diamond (rapper)">
Diamond (rapper)

Brittany Nicole Carpenter (born May 20, 1988), better known by her stage name Diamond, is an American rapper and former member of the group Crime Mob.
Biography.
Early life.
Brittany Nicole Carpenter was born in Atlanta, Georgia to an African American mother and a Puerto Rican father.
Crime Mob, 2004–2007.
At the age of fifteen, Diamond joined the group Crime Mob in 2004. Crime Mob first garnered national attention in 2004 with their single "Knuck If You Buck," which was eventually certified Platinum. They released their debut album "Crime Mob" later that summer. Their next charting single, "Rock Yo Hips," was released in August 2006 and was followed by a second album, "Hated on Mostly", in March 2007.
Solo career & various mixtapes, 2008–present.
In November 2007, Diamond left Crime Mob to pursue a solo career. In 2010, she appeared on the remix version of "My Chick Bad", a Ludacris single, along with Trina and Eve. Her debut single "Lotta Money" was released in the summer of 2010; the video for the single included Gucci Mane. In 2011, Diamond released a song featuring Waka Flocka called "Hit That Hoe" a video was released in August 2011. Also in November 2011 Diamond released her single "Buy It All" on BET's "106 & Park". Diamond was nominated for Best Female Hip Hop Artist at the BET Awards of 2011. Diamond released her new single "Loose Screws" in 2012. She was nominated the second time for Best Female Hip-Hop Artist at the BET Awards 2012.
Diamond is scheduled to release her album "The Young Life" on August 28, 2012, with the singles "American Woman" featuring Verse Simmonds and "Love Like Mine" featuring Nikkiya.
Influences.
Diamond has stated that artists who have influenced her musical style include Missy Elliott, Da Brat, Salt n Pepa, Queen Latifah, Foxy Brown, Lil' Kim, Snoop Dogg, Timbaland, The Notorious B.I.G., Trina, Tupac Shakur, DMX, Eminem, Outkast, and Eve.

</doc>
<doc id="18374315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374315" title="Edelweiss Vacation Village and Campground">
Edelweiss Vacation Village and Campground

The Edelweiss Vacation Village and Campground is a U.S. Department of Defense recreational facility that is a part of the Edelweiss Lodge and Resort in Garmisch, Germany. The Vacation Village and Campground consists of a collection of deluxe and rustic wood cabins located on Artillery Kaserne in Southern Garmisch, and a gravel campsite in the Loisach River Valley. The Tent and Gravel Campsites are closed from October to Mid-May, but the cabins are open all year round.

</doc>
<doc id="18374337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374337" title="Hilton Indianapolis">
Hilton Indianapolis

Hilton Indianapolis is a hotel in Indianapolis, Indiana. The building was completed in 1971 and has 18 floors with a total of 332 rooms. The Hilton was formerly the tallest hotel in the city; the JW Marriott surpassed it when it was completed in 2011. 
The location was formerly the site of the Traction Terminal Building, which was a covered depot for the interurban lines in Indianapolis. A 10-story office building adjoined the depot.
The Hilton Hotel is built of structural concrete with a limestone facade. The building was originally constructed as the headquarters of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Indiana (now WellPoint), which vacated the building in the 1990s. It was refurbished into a hotel configuration and opened as an Adam's Mark Hotel in May 2000. In August 2004 it was rebranded as a Hilton Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="18374345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374345" title="List of FC Kremin Kremenchuk managers">
List of FC Kremin Kremenchuk managers

This is an incomplete list of all managers of FC Kremin Kremenchuk.

</doc>
<doc id="18374350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374350" title="Savannah History Museum">
Savannah History Museum

The Savannah History Museum is located at 303 Martin Luther King, Jr. Boulevard, Savannah, Georgia, United States. The museum is housed inside the old passenger terminal at the Central of Georgia Historic Landmark District. It contains artifacts and exhibits relating to the history of Savannah from its establishment to the current time.

</doc>
<doc id="18374352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374352" title="Ihatovo Monogatari">
Ihatovo Monogatari

Gameplay.
The story depicts the action as taking place in the utopian world of Ihatovo. 
The game focuses on collecting information (notebooks from Miyazawa's fairy tales) and items (that are related to those fairy tales) instead of fighting monsters. Some of the surprises that the player finds includes a movie theater that is always closed, the opportunity to play the role of a temporary school teacher, and having portraits of unique non-player characters that show up while talking to them.
Inspired by the stories of Kenji Miyazawa, the story covers nine chapters and surreal environments. The ending involves speaking to Mr. Miyazawa himself and returning to the real world via the Galaxy Express train.

</doc>
<doc id="18374354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374354" title="Pi Delta Psi">
Pi Delta Psi

Pi Delta Psi (ΠΔΨ) is an Asian-American Cultural Interest Fraternity founded at Binghamton University on February 20, 1994. The mission of Pi Delta Psi is to break down cultural barriers by fostering individual growth in the areas of "Academic Achievement, Cultural Awareness, Righteousness, Friendship and Loyalty". Today this organization consists of over 1,500 members spanning 30 undergraduate chapters and 1 alumni chapter.
This organization is a member of the National APIA Panhellenic Association (NAPA).
History.
Pi Delta Psi fraternity was founded at Binghamton University (SUNY) on February 20, 1994. The fraternity's founding members are David Lee, Philip Hunt, Sammy Wong, Spencer Seto, Ronny Chow, Damien Lee, Thuan Luong, Chester Huang, Christopher Murata, Tracy B. Tabije, and Michael Son.
A year after its founding, Pi Delta Psi was officially incorporated in the State of New York on April 19, 1995.
After five years, the fraternity had expanded too large for the Pi Delta Psi National Council to maintain. Thus in 1999, it was decided by the National Council to restructure itself in an effort to grow in proportion to the fraternities expansion rate, standardize chapters nationwide, and increase inter-chapter cohesion. The National Council was also renamed the "National Executive Board" during that period.
After 19 years, this fraternity has expanded to 30 campuses spanning 13 states (New York, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Connecticut, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Maryland, California, Florida, Washington, D.C., Colorado, Minnesota, and Virginia).
Mission statement.
Pi Delta Psi and its members seek to bring about Asian-American unity by breaking down cultural barriers amongst Asian communities by upholding and/or instilling the Fraternities pillars: Academic Achievement, Cultural Awareness, Righteousness, and Friendship/Loyalty. Pi Delta Psi's mission statement also advocates an increase in education and awareness of Asian cultures as a means of overcoming racism.
National events.
National Convention.
Pi Delta Psi holds an annual National Convention during the month of March each year. The National Convention is a formal 2-3 day gathering of members where the National Executive Board meets and discusses relevant fraternity issues with active members from all various chapters. Issues discussed during the National Convention are geared towards active members that usually involve an overview of the fraternity, creating general goals and discussion on national expansion. Cultural, Career, and/or Leadership workshops aimed at educating active members are often set up by the National Executive Board or the Host Chapter when meetings are not in session during the Convention. The location of each years National Convention is usually determined in the previous convention and is subject to change annually. The National Convention is a private event for Pi Delta Psi members and invitees only.
National Winter Conference.
Pi Delta Psi holds an annual National Winter Conference during the month of January each year. The Winter Conference is a one day leadership retreat where the National Executive Board meets and discusses relevant fraternity issues with 2-3 representatives from each undergraduate chapters. Topics discussed during the Winter Conference are focused towards the goals of each chapter and individual leadership. The location of each years Winter Conference is usually located in the New York metropolitan area. The Winter Conference is a private event for Pi Delta Psi members only.
National Summer Weekend.
Pi Delta Psi holds an annual National Summer Weekend during the month of July each year. The National Summer Weekend is a 2-3 day series of events that includes the "National Summer BBQ", "National Summer Conference", and "National Summer Banquet".
Cultural awareness.
Pi Delta Psi's primary mission is to spread Asian-American Cultural Awareness in an attempt to bridge the gap between various Asian-American subgroups. As a cultural fraternity, Pi Delta Psi tries to educate the community so as to prevent future bias and judgmental conclusions. The fraternity believes that by promoting the education of different cultures,it can expand the horizons of its members and not only better the individual but future generations as well.
At the Chapter level, each Chapter is required to host a set number of Cultural events on campus each year depending on the Chapter’s size; failure to achieve this annual criterion will result in the Chapter losing its Chapter status. Along with hosting cultural events, many members are also leaders or supporters of various cultural student organizations. On top of this, the Pi Delta Psi National Executive Board sponsors and/or promotes a number of large scale cultural events each year that garner participation from chapters throughout the United States.
Philanthropy.
The national philanthropy of Pi Delta Psi for 2009 was the March of Dimes, and fraternity is still an official team youth partner. Pi Delta Psi Fraternity was able to raise $18,718 in 2009 for the March of Dimes philanthropy.
Currently, Pi Delta Psi's national philanthropy is the Big Brothers Big Sisters of America program. All chapters are expected to work closely with the Big Brothers program in their own campus community. At the Chapter level, each Chapter is required to participate in a set number of philanthropy events each year depending on the Chapter's size; failure to achieve this annual criteria will result in the chapter having its status revoked. Pi Delta Psi is a longtime sponsor and supporter of the APIA Vote campaign.
Hazing incident.
In December 2013 prospective member Chun Hsien "Michael" Deng died from brain trauma following an unsanctioned pledge event at the Baruch College chapter. Deng, 19, was a recent graduate of The Bronx High School of Science. Despite Deng becoming immediately unconscious, his fraternity brothers failed to call for emergency help, instead attempting to cover up the incident. Baruch College responded by permanently banning the fraternity from their campus. Andy Meng, the National Executive President for Pi Delta Psi said in a statement the incident happened during "an unsanctioned event that was strictly prohibited by our organization", known as "The Glass Ceiling". After investigating the incident, the fraternity revoked its affiliation with the Baruch chapter. In February, 2014, the death was ruled a homicide, and the Monroe County district attorney expects to file charges after the investigation.

</doc>
<doc id="18374358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374358" title="Biologically Inspired Tactical Security Infrastructure">
Biologically Inspired Tactical Security Infrastructure

Biologically Inspired Tactical Security Infrastructure (BITSI) is a system to detect and prepare computer damage in the battlespace.

</doc>
<doc id="18374368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374368" title="Marfell">
Marfell

Marfell is a suburb of New Plymouth, in the western North Island of New Zealand. It is located to the southwest of the city centre. The Mangaotuku Stream runs past Marfell.
The population was 2,046 in the 2006 Census, an increase of 51 from 2001.
Education.
Marfell Community School is a coeducational contributing primary (years 1-6) school with a decile rating of 1 and a roll of 140. The school was founded in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="18374378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374378" title="One Star Story (band)">
One Star Story (band)

One Star Story is a powerpop band from Missouri, U.S.A. consisting of lead vocalist and lyricist Vanessa Rose, guitarist Willard Vastine, bass guitarist Bryant Babbitt, drummer Geno Valloni, and touring guitarist Zack Person. The band formed in 2003.
Their latest release, The Empty Room (EP), was produced by Stephen Christian from Anberlin
Discography.
EPs

</doc>
<doc id="18374391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374391" title="Philip Nel">
Philip Nel

Philip Nel (born 1969) is an American scholar of children's literature and Professor of English at Kansas State University. He is best known for his work on Dr. Seuss and Harry Potter, which have led to his being a guest on such media programs as CBS Sunday Morning, NPR's Morning Edition and Talk of the Nation.
Background.
Nel was born in Massachusetts. He received his Ph.D. and M.A. from Vanderbilt University in 1997 and 1993, and his B.A. from the University of Rochester in 1992. He married Karin Westman on May 24, 1997. In response to the question of why he writes about what he does, Nel told "Contemporary Authors", "To study children's literature is to be reminded of why reading (and re-reading) is fun, but it is also to see how complex and interesting supposedly 'simple' books really are. And that's fun, too."
Career.
Nel began his teaching career while he was a graduate student at Vanderbilt. He continued there as an adjunct professor for a year before moving on to the College of Charleston for two years. In 2000, he began teaching at Kansas State as an assistant professor, then as associate professor in 2005. In 2006 he was appointed Director of the Program in Children's Literature at Kansas State, was made Professor in 2008, and University Distinguished Professor in 2013.
Twelve years in the making, Nel's biography of Crockett Johnson and Ruth Krauss was published in 2012 from the University Press of Mississippi. In 2013, Fantagraphics published the first volume of "Crockett Johnson's Barnaby" — for which he is serving as a co-editor and providing biographical essays.

</doc>
<doc id="18374395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374395" title="Albert Narath">
Albert Narath

Albert Narath (September 13, 1864, Vienna – August 15, 1924, Heidelberg) was an Austrian surgeon and anatomist.
He was an assistant of Theodor Billroth (1829-1894) at the University of Vienna, and from 1896 to 1906 was a professor of surgery at Utrecht. In 1906 he succeeded Vincenz Czerny (1842-1916) as chair of surgery at the University of Heidelberg surgical clinic. He resigned this position in 1910 due to health reasons, but continued to contribute articles to scientific publications during the ensuing years.
Narath made contributions in his studies involving the structure of bronchial systems, as well as in investigations of hernias. His name is lent to "Narath’s femoral hernia" (prevascular hernia), being described as a hernia in front of the femoral vessels that is due to displacement of the psoas muscle in patients with congenital hip dislocation.
Narath was the author of papers on varicocele surgery, pneumatocele parotid, retroperitoneal lymph cysts and omentum-plasty, to name a few.

</doc>
<doc id="18374413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374413" title="Nick Pynn">
Nick Pynn

Nick Pynn (born 17 November 1962) is a British musician and composer noted for his use of bass pedals and live looping with electroacoustic stringed instruments. His early interests were in world folk and experimental music, busking around Germany and the Netherlands, having taught himself guitar and fiddle.
Career.
His early work includes playing with various bands, recording sessions (including rockabilly legend Ray Campi) and television commercials. In the mid-80s, Pynn studied musical instrument making, producing several instruments he still plays and records with now.
Nick Pynn started his musical career in the mid-80s with the Leigh-on-Sea 'soil music' barn-dance band, The Famous Potatoes. He played fiddle, banjo, mandolin, mandocello and viloa on their albums, "The Sound of the Ground", "It Was Good for My Old Mother", and "Born in a Barn."
Pynn joined Steve Harley in 1990 on acoustic guitar and fiddle, taking the lead guitar role in 1996. The 'Stripped to the Bare Bones' tour of 1998 with Pynn accompanying Harley on mandocello, dulcimer, acoustic guitar and violin was a success; a CD "Stripped to the Bare Bones-Live" from the Jazz Café, London was released, and the two-man show received a 5 star review at the Edinburgh Festival.
Pynn’s debut solo CD "In Mirrored Sky" (1995) is a collection of autumnal pieces, and features bass player Herbie Flowers and Adrian Oxaal of James on cello. Flowers introduced Pynn to Richard Durrant, which led to the joint album "Nick and Dick" (1997). "Music from Windows" followed in 1999. Its theme is summer, with melodies drifting from open windows in Brighton streets. The album ends with four pieces commissioned for a dance performance: 'Flood'. These two solo albums were re-released in 2007 as a double album.
In 1999, Pynn joined girl band B*Witched for a tour of UK arenas. One of the highlights of the tour was Pynn being hoisted high above the stage in a 'metal cage' for a fiddle solo.
Pynn then started playing with the new acoustic version of The Crazy World of Arthur Brown. In 2002, the band opened for Robert Plant's "Dreamland" tour and double-billed on tour with The Pretty Things. Pynn still plays with Brown as a two man show, and contributes most of the instrumentation and arrangements on their new album "The Voice of Love".
In August 2001, Pynn went to Edinburgh with The Life and Death Orchestra for a Festival production of poetry, written by survivors of the Holocaust put to music. During the second half of the month, he joined American Perrier Award winning comedian Rich Hall in his band, Otis Lee Crenshaw and The Black Liars. Pynn also met Jane Bom-Bane, and together they wrote and produced "Rotator", a CD of palindromic (forwards and backwards) songs for 2002, and the Fringe show 'Year of the Palindrome'.
Pynn premiered a solo show in 2003 called 'Music from Hotels Rooms, Forests and Submarines'. Using wine glasses, playing cards and live sampling, in addition to his various stringed instruments, his show was well received and was nominated for an award. In May 2004 Pynn's third solo album "Afterplanesman" was released, the reissue of which made it into The Sunday Times 100 Best Albums of 2008. In the following year at the Edinburgh Festival, Pynn won a 'Spirit of the Fringe Award' for his music.
The latter part of 2006 saw a successful two-man show tour of Germany, Norway, Michigan and Toronto with Arthur Brown, and shows with comedian Boothby Graffoe. 2007 started with sell-out shows at the Sydney Opera House with (a creation of Stomp) in which Pynn played musical saw, bed bass, bellows organ, bottle bellows, metallophone, traffic-cone berimbau and squonkaphone amongst other instruments. Later that year, Pynn won the 'Star of the Festival Award' in Brighton, and was co-winner of the 'ThreeWeeks Editor's Award' with Jane Bom-Bane. In November he played solo shows in Dubai and Abu Dhabi.
An album of original Pynn compositions "The Colours of the Night" released in October 2009 was recorded above Bom-Bane's Cafe in Brighton.
Nick is currently touring with Kate Daisy Grant with whom he won The Latest Award for 'Best Music Act' in the Brighton Fringe in 2013.
Selective discography.
Solo recordings
Collaborations

</doc>
<doc id="18374423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374423" title="Lyfe Jennings discography">
Lyfe Jennings discography

This article contains the discography of American R&B and soul singer Lyfe Jennings.

</doc>
<doc id="18374427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374427" title="DIDS">
DIDS

4,4'-Diisothiocyano-2,2'-stilbenedisulfonic acid (DIDS) is an anion exchange inhibitor, blocking reversibly, and later irreversibly, exchangers such as chloride-bicarbonate exchanger.

</doc>
<doc id="18374449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374449" title="Lord Burgess">
Lord Burgess

Irving Louis Burgie, better known as Lord Burgess, is a songwriter, born in Brooklyn, New York on July 28, 1924. His mother was from Barbados and his father was from Virginia. 
He is best known for the song "Jamaica Farewell", for which he wrote the lyrics. It was recorded by Harry Belafonte, Jimmy Buffett, Carly Simon and others. Irving Burgie is the composer of 34 songs for Harry Belafonte, including eight of the eleven songs on the Belafonte album "Calypso," which reached #1 on the Billboard charts. It was the first album of any kind to sell one million copies. In 1955, Irving Burgie and William Attaway wrote a version of the lyrics for "Banana Boat Song" for the "Colgate Comedy Hour, "which was performed by Belafonte. This is the version that is by far the best known to listeners today, as it reached number five on the "Billboard" charts in 1957 and later became his signature song. 
Burgie wrote the music and lyrics for the 1963 Off-Broadway musical "Ballad for Bimshire". He also co-wrote the book with Loften Mitchell. The show opened at the Mayfair Theater on October 15 and ran for 74 performances.
Irving Burgie also wrote the lyrics of the National Anthem of Barbados. His life story has been recorded in the book "Day-O".

</doc>
<doc id="18374454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374454" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Évry-Corbeil-Essonnes">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Évry-Corbeil-Essonnes

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Évry–Corbeil-Essonnes, is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in France. Erected in 1966 as the Diocese of Corbiel, the diocese was split off from the Diocese of Versailles. In 1988, the diocese was renamed to the Diocese of Évry–Corbeil-Essonnes. Currently the diocese remains a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Paris.
The current bishop is Michel Marie Jacques Dubost, appointed in April 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18374456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374456" title="1111 Pennsylvania Avenue">
1111 Pennsylvania Avenue

1111 Pennsylvania Avenue is a high-rise Postmodern skyscraper located in Washington, D.C., in the United States. It is tall, has 14 stories, and has a four-story underground parking garage. It is a "contributing" resource to the Pennsylvania Avenue National Historic Site.
History of the site.
The site, on the northeast corner of 12th Street NW and Pennsylvania Avenue NW, was originally occupied by the Fountain Inn, erected in 1815 after the burning of Washington. This structure was razed and in 1847 the four-story Fuller Hotel opened. Renamed the Kirkwood House, it was the residence of Vice President Andrew Johnson; he took the oath of office of the President of the United States there in April 1865 after the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln. Kirkwood House was razed in 1875 and replaced with the Shepherd Centennial Building, a seven-story office building in the Second Empire style (it opened in 1876). The Shepherd Centennial Building was converted into a hotel in 1893 by architect Leon E. Dessez and renamed the Raleigh Hotel. The Raleigh Hotel was razed in 1911 and rebuilt by architect Henry Janeway Hardenbergh as a 13-story Beaux Arts hotel with a rusticated brick, white limestone, and terra cotta exterior. Congress changed the height limit for buildings on Pennsylvania Avenue NW from to in 1910 in order to accommodate the Raleigh Hotel.
Current structure.
The Raleigh Hotel closed in 1954, and by 1965 developer Jerry Wolman had purchased the site and proposed building the current structure. It was one of the first structures built under the Pennsylvania Avenue redevelopment plan approved in 1964, and the first private building to be built. Because of restrictions imposed by the Pennsylvania Avenue National Historic Site legislation, Wolman agreed to move the building line back from Pennsylvania Avenue by and keep the building's height to , although in exchange for the loss of interior square footage District of Columbia zoning officials gave him permission to cantilever the building over the sidewalk on 12th Street at a height about above the street. Named the Presidential Building (or the Presidential Office Building), the structure was designed by Edmund W. Dreyfuss & Associates in the Brutalist style. Dreyfuss worked closely on the building with John Woodbridge, a staff architect for the President's Council on Pennsylvania Avenue and a member of the firm Skidmore, Owings and Merrill. The President's Council chairman was Nathaniel A. Owings, a partner in that firm. The building was completed in mid-1968, and originally had of interior space. Its address at this time was 415 12th Street NW. The District of Columbia Public Schools leased seven of the floors in the building, with other District government offices renting the remaining space.
2002 renovation.
Purchased by local surgeon Laszlo Tauber, one of the richest men in the D.C. area, the structure underwent a $40 million renovation between 2000 and 2002. It was the last private building on Pennsylvania Avenue to be renovated under the Pennsylvania Avenue Development Corporation's 1974 redevelopment plan. The facade was replaced with a Postmodern style more in tune with the nearby Evening Star building addition next to it on Pennsylvania Avenue, and two stories were added. The total interior space increased from to . The front entrance was moved from 12th Street NW to Pennsylvania Avenue NW, and the address changed to 1111 Pennsylvania Avenue NW. The architect of record for the structural renovations was Shalom Baranes Associates. Studios Architecture designed the interiors.
An existed between the renovated structure and the Evening Star building addition to the east. In order to create natural light in the office windows facing the Evening Star building, Studios Architecture built a light pipe—a , , prism designed to convey natural sunlight down to all floors and into all offices. On cloudy days and at night, the light pipe is artificially illuminated with a rainbow of colors.
The law firm of Morgan, Lewis & Bockius leased the entire building for 15 years (the lease expires in 2017).

</doc>
<doc id="18374461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374461" title="Knights of Emerald">
Knights of Emerald

The Knights of Emerald is a book series in the heroic-fantasy style, translated from French, written by the Canadian novelist Anne Robillard. The series is to number twelve books. Although five have been translated into English so far (April 2012), they have yet to be released. Since their publication in French, the books have become immensely popular in Quebec, selling up to one million copies. The first book has since been translated in English and Polish. The books have also been published in France by the Éditions Michel Lafon. The first two books have sold 15000 copies there since June 2007.
Plot.
Five hundred years ago, Enkidiev, a continent populated by humans, elves, and fairies, is being attacked by Amecareth, emperor of Irianeth and the insect empire. The threat of a new invasion looms over Enkidiev. The only hope for them to survive is to recreate the order of the Knights of Emerald by the King Emerald 1st. These magic warriors are to protect the continent until the prophesized Light holder can destroy the threat.
The last book is to be released in September. Here is a list of the books:

</doc>
<doc id="18374466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374466" title="Hatayama Hatch no Pro Yakyuu News! Jitsumei Han">
Hatayama Hatch no Pro Yakyuu News! Jitsumei Han

Summary.
All of the professional Japanese baseball teams from the "Central League" and the "Pacific League" are included. It is possible to play an exhibition mode in addition to a pennant race mode; the game even allows players to use special Barcode Battler cards that were only available in Japan. Children created these special cards by cutting out barcodes from their parents' groceries and scanning them with a special analyzer. Options allowed players to trade players between teams, alter the rules of the game, among other things.
Pennant race mode allows players to assign teams to different leagues; altering which teams belong to either the "Central" or the "Pacific" league for the duration of that season. Each ball-player's confidence level is pictured in weather: sunny means the player is in perfect condition while rainy means that the player is likely to perform very poorly.

</doc>
<doc id="18374486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374486" title="Eating Raoul (musical)">
Eating Raoul (musical)

Eating Raoul is a musical with music by Jed Feuer, lyrics by Boyd Graham, and a book by Paul Bartel and Richard Blackburn. It is based on the 1982 movie of the same name.
The story focuses on Mary and Paul Bland, a couple of "squares", in the late 1960s, who want to raise money to open a restaurant. They decide to kill swingers for profit by hitting them on the head with a frying pan. They become involved with a partner, Raoul, their swarthy, sexy janitor, who helps them to dispose of the bodies. However, they soon feel trapped by Raoul and dispatch him too; he becomes the main course.
The musical opened Off-Broadway at the Union Square Theatre on May 13, 1992, starring Courtenay Collins, Eddie Korbich and Adrian Zmed. It was directed by Toni Kortite and choreographed by Lynne Taylor-Corbett. Since then it has received numerous regional productions.

</doc>
<doc id="18374501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374501" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Nanterre">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nanterre

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nanterre, is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in France. Erected in 1966 as the Diocese of Corbeil, the diocese was split off from the Diocese of Versailles and the Archdiocese of Paris. Currently the diocese remains a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Paris.
The current bishop is Gérard Antoine Daucourt, appointed in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18374534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374534" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Pontoise">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Pontoise

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pontoise, is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in France. Erected in 1966, the diocese was split off from the Diocese of Versailles. the diocese was a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Paris.
The Church Saint-Maclou became Diocese of Pontoise's Cathedral in 1966, when the diocese was created.
Bishop Jean-Yves Riocreux, appointed in 2003 by Pope John Paul II, served until June 15, 2012, when he was appointed Bishop of Basse-Terre by Pope Benedict XVI. Bishop Riocreux was born on February 24, 1946. He was ordained a priest on 1974, at Marlhes, France, for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nouméa in Nouméa, France. Prior to being Bishop of Pontoise, he was responsible for catechesis in the primatial see of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Paris in Paris, France under Cardinal Jean-Marie Lustiger.
On Thursday, January 31, 2013, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Bishop Stanislas Lalanne of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Coutances, in Coutances, France, to be Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pontoise. Bishop Stanislas Lalanne was born on August 3, 1948, in Metz, France, the see city of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Metz. Bishop Lalanne completed his undergraduate studies in philosophy at the Seminary of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Versailles, in Versailles, France, and then did his theology graduate studies at the Seminary of the Catholic University of Paris at the Catholic University of Paris, in Paris, France, where he obtained a Licentiate in Theology. He later obtained a Diploma at the Institute of Advanced Studies of National Defence (IHEDN) and a Licentiate in German. He was ordained a priest on November 8, 1975, for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Versailles. After presbyteral ordination, he held the following positions: from 1976 to 1980, Chaplain at the Senior High School Hoche and La Bruyère in Versailles; from 1980 to 1985, Head of the Diocesan Chaplains for Public Education; from 1985 to 1993, Director of the French Catholic National Centre Of Religious Education (CNER), and Secretary of the Episcopal Commission of Religious Education; from 1993 to 1994, Pastor of the Parish "Sainte-Pauline" Le Vesinet; from 1994 to 1998, Pastor of the Parish of Elancourt-Maurepas. In addition, in 1997 he was Director of the Printing Office of the World Youth Day, and in 1997 and 1998, Episcopal Vicar in charge of the Pastoral Care of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Versailles Communications. Furthermore, from 1998 to 2001, he was Speaker of the French Episcopal Conference, and from 2001 to 2007, Secretary of the same conference. Then, on April 4, 2007, he was appointed Bishop of Coutances by Pope Benedict. He was ordained a Bishop on June 3, 2007. In the French Episcopal Conference, he is part of the "Comité Etudes et projets."
He is the author of various publications, a Consultant of the Pontifical Council for Social Communications, and is the Director of the ecclesiastical CIDSE (Coopération Internationale pour le Développement et la Solidarité).

</doc>
<doc id="18374535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374535" title="Hugh's Room">
Hugh's Room

Hugh's Room is a restaurant and folk music venue in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Located on Dundas Street in the city's Roncesvalles neighbourhood. Primarily a folk club, Hugh's Room also sometimes books jazz, blues, classical and comedy artists as well.
In addition to local and touring performers, the club is also a regular venue for multi-artist theme nights and tribute concerts.

</doc>
<doc id="18374564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374564" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Denis">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Denis

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint-Denis, is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in France. Erected in 1966, the diocese was split off from the Diocese of Versailles, and the Archdiocese of Paris. As of 2011, the diocese remains a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Paris.
Bishop Olivier Jean-Marie Michel de Berranger, appointed in 1996, resigned on Jan. 15, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18374570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374570" title="Moore Park Nature Reserve">
Moore Park Nature Reserve

Moore Park Nature Reserve is a small remnant of "gallery" or "riverine" rainforest in Northern New South Wales. It lies at the confluence of Findon Creek and the Richmond River. It was once part of a larger rainforest known as Boyd's Scrub.
It is dominated by a large Moreton Bay Figtree surrounded by Black Beans and other rainforest trees including the Brown Pine.
A colony of Flying Foxes lives there.
External links.
National parks

</doc>
<doc id="18374571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374571" title="Truncation (statistics)">
Truncation (statistics)

In statistics, truncation results in values that are limited above or below, resulting in a truncated sample. Truncation is similar to but distinct from the concept of statistical censoring. A truncated sample can be thought of as being equivalent to an underlying sample with all values outside the bounds entirely omitted, with not even a count of those omitted being kept. If the sample had been censored, a record would be of those that were censored, consisting of a note of whether the lower or upper bound had been passed and the value of the bound.
Applications.
Usually the values that insurance adjusters receive are either left-truncated, right-censored or both. For example, if policyholders are subject to a policy limit, u, then any loss amounts that are actually above u are reported to the insurance company as being exactly u because u is the amount the insurance companies pay. The insurance company knows that the actual loss is greater than "u" but they don't know what it is. On the other hand, left truncation occurs when policyholders are subject to a deductible. If policyholders are subject to a deductible d, any loss amount that is less than d will not even be reported to the insurance company. If there is a claim on a policy limit of u and a deductible of d, any loss amount that is greater than u will be reported to the insurance company as a loss of u-d because that is the amount the insurance company has to pay. Therefore insurance loss data is left-truncated because the insurance company doesn't know if there are values below the deductible d because policyholders won't make a claim. The insurance loss is also right censored if the loss is greater than u because u is the most the insurance company will pay, so it only knows that your claim is greater than u, not what the claim amount is exactly.
Probability distributions.
Truncation can be applied to any probability distribution and will lead to a new distribution, not usually one within the same family. Thus, if a random variable "X" has "F"("x") as its distribution function, the new random variable "Y" defined as having the distribution of "X" truncated to the semi-open interval (a,b] has the distribution function
for "y" in the interval ("a", "b"], and 0 or 1 otherwise. If truncation were to the closed interval [a,b], the distribution function would be 
for "y" in the interval ["a", "b"], and 0 or 1 otherwise.
Data analysis.
The analysis of data where observations are treated as being from truncated versions of standard distributions can be undertaken using a maximum likelihood, where the likelihood would be derived from the distribution or density of the truncated distribution. This involves taking account of the factor formula_3 in the modified density function which will depend on the parameters of the original distribution. 
In practice, if the fraction truncated is very small the effect of truncation might be ignored when analysing data. For example, it is common to use a normal distribution to model data whose values can only be positive but for which the typical range of values is well away from zero: in such cases a truncated or censored version of the normal distribution may formally be preferable (although there would be other alternatives also), but there would be very little change in results from the more complicated analysis. However, software is readily available for maximum likelihood estimation of even moderately complicated models, such as regression models, for truncated data.

</doc>
<doc id="18374602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374602" title="Quinagolide">
Quinagolide

Quinagolide (Norprolac) is a selective, D2 receptor agonist that is used for the treatment of elevated levels of prolactin.

</doc>
<doc id="18374603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374603" title="Young Romance">
Young Romance

Young Romance is a romantic comic book series created by Joe Simon and Jack Kirby for the Crestwood Publications imprint Prize Comics in 1947. Generally considered the first romance comic, the series ran for 124 consecutive issues under Prize imprint, and a further 84 (issues #125-208) published by DC Comics after Crestwood stopped producing comics.
Background.
In his introduction to Eclipse Comics' 1988 collection of some of the earliest Simon & Kirby romance comics, Richard Howell writes that, "Romance has always been a major component in entertainment, be it novels, plays, or movies, but for over ten years after the first appearance of comic books, romance only had a token presence in their four-color pages". This changed in 1947 with the return from war of one of comics' earliest and best-known creative partnerships, that of Joe Simon and Jack Kirby, who had already created Captain America, the Boy Commandos and the Newsboy Legion.
Working for Hillman Periodicals, the two created a "teen-humor comic book called "My Date"", cover-dated March 1947, which contained within its pages "ground-breaking" stories concerned with "comparatively faithful depictions of teen-age life, centering especially on romantic experiences and aspirations." Arguably itself the first "romance comic," positive reaction to "My Date" allowed Simon to negotiate a deal with Crestwood publishers Teddy Epstein and Paul Blyer (or "Bleier") "before the four-issue run of "My Date" had run more than half its course", and to receive an unheard of 50% share of profits in return for producing their follow-up for that company.
History.
Launched with a September 1947 cover date, the Prize Comics title "Young Romance" signaled its distinction from traditional superhero and genre comics with a cover banner stating the series was "designed for the more adult readers of comics". Told from a first person perspective, underlining its claim to be recounting "true" stories, the title was an instant success, "bec Jack and Joe's biggest hit in years" and selling "millions of copies" and a staggering 92% of its print run. Crestwood increased the print run by the third issue to triple the initial numbers, and well as upgrade the title from bimonthly to monthly through issues #13-72 (Sept. 1949 - Aug. 1954).
Within a year-and-a-half, Simon & Kirby were launching companion titles for Crestwood to capitalize on the success of this new genre. The first issue of "Young Love" (Feb. 1949) also sold well with "indistinguishable" content from its parent-title. Further spin-off titles "Young Brides" (married couples' stories) and "In Love" ("book-length" stories) also followed from Crestwood/Prize, and were produced by the Simon & Kirby stable of artists and writers. Other companies, including Quality Comics, Fawcett Publications, Fox Features Syndicate, and Timely Comics, capitalized on the romance boom. Despite the glut of titles, the Simon and Kirby Romance titles "continued to sell five million" a month, allowing the pair "to earn more than enough to buy their own homes".
The slew of imitators caused Crestwood to adopt the "Prize Group" seal on the covers of the Simon & Kirby produced titles as "the easiest means for readers to tell the S&K-produced love comics from the legions of imitators."
Creators.
"For the first five years", Simon and Kirby produced "at least one story (usually a lengthy lead feature) per issue," but the increased output of the Crestwood/Prize romance titles meant that in many cases they merely oversaw production. They remained "involved with every story", despite not writing or drawing them all, and "maintained a high standard of quality" by employing artists including "Jerry Robinson, Mort Meskin, Bruno Premiani, Bill Draut, Ann Brewster, John Prentice, and Leonard Starr" to work on the title(s). Many of the other artists' output, according to Howell "show the distinctive S&K layout style, and it was not uncommon for a newer artist's work to show signs of S&K retouching".
Lettering duties were initially handled almost entirely by Howard Fergeson, while Bill Draut occasionally lettered his own work. After the death of Fergeson, Ben Oda took on "the same herculean task".
Covers.
As with most contemporary romance comics, and the pulps before them, the covers of "Young Romance" (and all the Simon & Kirby romance output) varied between photographic covers (see above) and regular artwork (typically produced by Simon & Kirby themselves). The photographic covers often depicted film starlets; "Young Love" Vol. 1, issue #4 for example, featured a cover picture of "then MGM starlet Joy Lansing," which was then reused as the cover for Eclipse Comics' 1988 ""Real Love"" collection, which reprinted in black and white a number of the Simon & Kirby romance stories, including early work by Leonard Starr, who went on to create the newspaper strip feature "Mary Perkins, On Stage".
Publication history.
Launched in September 1947, "Young Romance" ran for 124 issues, until June 1963. Initially bimonthly, strong sales and demand inspired an increased production schedule, and from issue #13 (Sept. 1949) the title became monthly. Continuing to be released monthly for the next five years, the title reverted to bimonthly with status issue #73 (Oct. 1954), and continuing on this schedule for 17 years, missing only one month (August 1963) - when the title switched publishers from Crestwood/Prize to DC Comics, alongside sister publication "Young Love". With issue #172 (Aug. 1971), the title returned to monthly release for 20 issues, and between issue #192 (March 1973) and the final issue, #208 (Dec. 1975), the title was again bimonthly.
DC Comics.
Following Crestwood/Prize's "Young Romance" #124 (June 1963), the Arleigh Publishing division of National Periodical Publications, commonly known as DC Comics, obtained the Crestwood/Prize romance titles "Young Love" and "Young Romance" in 1963, upon Crestwood Publications "leavthe comic book business" Larry Nadle succeeded Phyllis Reed as editor. Premiering with "Young Romance" #125 (Aug. 1963), the pair of titles became "part of a reasonably popular romance line aimed at young girls" for a further 12 years. By DC's 15th issue of "Young Romance", the published circulation statement listed sales of 204,613; this gradually dwindled throughout the early 1970s to a published circulation figure of 119,583 by issue #196 (Nov. 1973). Creators who worked on the DC incarnation included artist Steve Englehart. The series ran through 1975's issue #208 (Nov. 1975).
Reprints.
Some Simon & Kirby romance-comics stories, predominantly from "Young Romance" were reprinted in 1988 by Eclipse Books under the title "Real Love" (edited, and with an introduction by Richard Howell).
Kirby biographer Greg Theakston has also reprinted some Simon & Kirby romance comics and pages in a number of books on Jack Kirby, while John Morrow's TwoMorrows Publishing has also featured occasional artwork from romance titles in issues of "The Jack Kirby Collector".
In 2000, as part of its "Millennium Edition" reprints of key DC comics, DC Comics reprinted the first issue of "Young Romance", even though it (as well as the first issue of "MAD" magazine) were not originally published by DC.

</doc>
<doc id="18374617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374617" title="Hyper Iria">
Hyper Iria

Gameplay.
The player gets to control a female mercenary named Iria. Flying can also lead to a miniature shoot 'em up stage with unlimited ammunition. Within the game, the object is to disable the security system with her gun, her fists, or her kicks. The default primary weapon is a laser pistol; when that runs out, the player can punch as well as kick. Kicking is considered to be the player's secondary weapon. Secondary weapons include flying bombs and grenades. Literacy in the Japanese language is required to fully understand the game.
In addition to security systems, there are also robots to deal damage to as the player attempts to make his way around a labyrinth-like military base in addition to an urban[war zone without the luxury of having a map to backtrack through the player's mistakes. Iria, her robot companion Bob, and all the enemies have multiple frames of animation for a level of detail similar to that of an anime.
When the player dies, the countdown numbers on the continue screen are shown in traditional Japanese numerals (一, 二, 三) instead of the Arabic numerals used by the Western world (1, 2, 3).

</doc>
<doc id="18374619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374619" title="Buphenine">
Buphenine

Buphenine (or nylidrin) is a beta-adrenergic agonist that acts as a vasodilator via beta-2 receptors.

</doc>
<doc id="18374620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374620" title="Hager House (Hagerstown, Maryland)">
Hager House (Hagerstown, Maryland)

The Hager House is a two-story stone house in Hagerstown, Maryland, United States that dates to "circa" 1740. The house was built by Jonathan Hager, a German immigrant from Westphalia, who founded Hagerstown. The basement contains two spring-fed pools of water, providing a secure water source. Hager sold the property, then known as Hager's Fancy to Jacob Rohrer. The house remained in the Rohrer family until 1944, when it was acquired by the Washington County Historical Society. The restored house was given to the City of Hagerstown in 1954 and opened to the public in 1962 as a historic house museum. 
The Hager House is located off Key Street in Hagerstown City Park, and is open for visits from April through December.

</doc>
<doc id="18374646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374646" title="Il pesceballo">
Il pesceballo

Il pesceballo, (The Fish-Ball) is a 19th-century American pasticcio opera in one act featuring the music of Bellini, Donizetti, Mozart, and Rossini, with a spoof Italian libretto by Francis James Child which makes use of some of grand opera's most popular melodies. The recitatives and chorus parts were written by John Knowles Paine, and James Russell Lowell translated the libretto into English.
Child was a Harvard English professor and opera lover, and the text was originally inspired by an incident which occurred to a colleague of his. One evening George Martin Lane was trying to make his way to Cambridge, MA, from Boston. He discovered that he had only 25 cents, which was not enough for both supper and the fare needed to get to Cambridge. As he was very tired and hungry, he stopped at a local diner and asked for half of a serving of macaroni. After he had recounted the story to his friends, he wrote a comic ballad, called the "Lay of the One Fishball". A fishball was a fried New England concoction made of potatoes and fish stock, and usually eaten for breakfast. The ballad became very popular with Harvard students, and inspired Child's opera; it also became the source for the popular Tin Pan Alley song, ""One Meat Ball"".
The opera begins with a chorus sung to the tune of ""La dolce aurora"" from Rossini's "Mosè in Egitto".
The song of the Stranger in the second scene is adapted to the "Serenade" in "The Barber of Seville"; the song of the Padrona in the fourth scene is set to the ""Non piu mesta"" of "La Cenerentola"; the duet in the fifth scene to ""La dove prende Amor recetto"" of the "Magic Flute"; the ""Cavatina"" in the sixth scene to the ""Di pescator"" of "Lucrezia Borgia"; the aria of the seventh scene, to the ""Madamina"" of "Don Giovanni"; the chorus of scene eight to the ""Guerra, Guerra"" of "Norma"; the duet of scene nine to the ""O sole piu ratto"" of "Lucia di Lammermoor"; the ""Cavatina"" of scene ten to the ""Meco all'altar"" of "Norma"; the chorus of the same scene to the ""Bando, Bando"" of "Lucrezia Borgia", and the trio which follows, to the ""Guai se tu sfoggi"" of the same opera; the piece concludes with the aria to ""Vieni!"", from Donizetti's "La favorite".
Performance history.
It was first performed in a benefit concert for the Sanitary Commission, an organization that treated ill and wounded soldiers of the Union army. In 1864, it was revived for several more benefit performances, this time to aid Unionists in East Tennessee. All the productions were amateur productions, for the humor of the opera is aimed at literati and intellectuals.
The primary sources for the reconstruction of "Il pesceballo" are the published libretto by Child, and the recitatives and chorus parts penned by Paine, which were discovered by Dr. Mary Ellen Brown. Dr. Brown employed Dr. Eric Knechtges to organize and transcribe this work for a performance at Indiana University.

</doc>
<doc id="18374652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374652" title="Roberto Rivas">
Roberto Rivas

Roberto Rivas (born July 17, 1941 — died in 1972) was a football player from El Salvador.
Club career.
Nicknamed "La Burra" (The Donkey), Rivas was a one-club man and has only played for Alianza during the 1960s and won two league titles in 1965 and 1966 when he played alongside fellow club legends like José Quintanilla, Mario Monge and Francisco Zamora.
International career.
Rivas has represented his country in 10 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 1968 Olympic Games and at the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico.
Death.
Rivas died in an accident or suicide in 1972. By June 2010, Rivas was one of six 1968 Olympic footballers of El Salvador who had already died. Alianza retired the number 2 shirt in honour of Rivas.

</doc>
<doc id="18374688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374688" title="The United States of Lyncherdom">
The United States of Lyncherdom

The United States of Lyncherdom is an essay by Mark Twain written in 1901. He was prompted to write it after the lynchings of Will Godley, his grandfather French Godley, and Eugene Carter (aka Barrett). They were accused in the rape and murder of Gazelle Wild (or Casselle Wilds) on August 19, 1901 in Pierce City, Missouri, located in Twain's home state. The work blames lynching in the United States on the herd mentality that prevails among Americans. Twain decided that the country was not ready for the essay, and shelved it. A redacted version was finally published in 1923, when Twain's literary executor, Albert Bigelow Paine, slipped it into a posthumous collection, "Europe and Elsewhere".
Twain discusses law enforcement officials who stopped lynchings. One was Sheriff Joseph Merrill of Carroll County, Georgia and the other was Thomas Beloat of Gibson County, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="18374691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374691" title="List of The Middleman episodes">
List of The Middleman episodes

The following is a list of episodes for "The Middleman", an American television series developed for television by Javier Grillo-Marxuach for ABC Family, is based on the Viper Comics series, "The Middleman", created by Grillo-Marxuach and Les McClaine. The series ran for one season in 2008.
Originally confirmed for an initial 13 episodes, the order was reduced to a 12-episode season due to low ratings. In February 2009, a comic book based on the unproduced 13th episode was announced, confirming the series' cancellation.
Unfilmed episodes.
While the episode was never filmed, the show's cast have performed a live reading of the episode script during the 2009 San Diego ComicCon. They are planning to release the video of the reading online shortly. The script for this episode was later turned into a graphic novel published by Viper comics. This graphic novel, "The Middleman: The Doomsday Armageddon Apocalypse", is intended to act as the TV series finale.

</doc>
<doc id="18374721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374721" title="Minkailu Mansaray">
Minkailu Mansaray

Minkailu Mansaray is a Sierra Leonean politician and the country's Minister of Labour, Employment and Social security. Mansaray had served as a member of the Parliament of Sierra Leone representing the Western Area Rural District in 2002-2005. He is a member of the Temne ethnic group.

</doc>
<doc id="18374726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374726" title="Fukui Prefectural Dinosaur Museum">
Fukui Prefectural Dinosaur Museum

The is a dinosaur museum located in the city of Katsuyama, Fukui Prefecture, Japan. It is one of Japan's many museums which are supported by a prefecture. 
In addition to being the only dedicated dinosaur museum in all of Japan, it is one of the "World's Three Great Dinosaur Museums" along with the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology in Canada and the Zigong Dinosaur Museum in China. The museum signed a sister museum agreement with the Royal Tyrrell Museum on November 23, 2000, and contains some exhibits from the museum.
Exhibits.
When visitors enter into the museum, they first take a long escalator down to the first floor of the basement, while the music of local heroes / gaijin boy-band "The Fukui Boys" plays through loudspeakers. The basement only contains "Dino Street," a hallway displaying fossils of some of the earliest known life on Earth. A bone bed sits at the end of the hallway and is a replica of an actual site in Wyoming, USA.
From there, visitors can go up to the main exhibition hall, which is the museum's primary exhibition space and consists of dinosaur fossils. Though many of the dinosaur fossils are replicas, some displays use actual dinosaur fossils and visitors are allowed to touch some of the displays. Various dioramas, including some with robotic dinosaurs that move and make sounds, also are used to show visitors a conceptual look at the dinosaurs' habitats.
The second floor contains exhibits focusing on earth sciences, including plate tectonics, rock formation and precious gems. The third floor focuses on the history of life, showing a timeline from the formation of the Earth up until modern times. In addition to the dinosaurs, this exhibit shows some of the earliest single-celled organisms and their evolution into the mammals of today.
The museum also contains a "Dino Lab," which has real fossils on display that visitors can feel and lift up. There is also a fossil cleaning room where visitors can watch actual fossils being cleaned and preserved.
There are also outdoor exhibits to complement the main ones inside the museum. From the spring to the fall, visitors can experience excavation activities at a location on the park grounds. Additional replicas of dinosaurs and their fossils can be found throughout the park grounds.
Construction.
The location for the museum was chosen because many fossils have been found in Katsuyama and it uses many fossils found in the surrounding area. The museum was designed by Kisho Kurokawa and completed in the summer of 2000, as the centerpiece for the 2000 Dinosaur Expo that was hosted in nearby Nagaoyama Park.
It officially opened on July 14, 2000, with an area of approximately , making it one of the largest museums in all of Japan. There are no support beams within the main display area of the building, allowing for wide open spaces to display the large dinosaurs.

</doc>
<doc id="18374747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374747" title="Grigoryan">
Grigoryan

Grigorian or Grigoryan () is an Armenian surname. It is a patronym from the Armenian equivalent of Gregory, and is the Eastern Armenian form of Krikorian.
It can refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="18374763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374763" title="Active recall">
Active recall

Active recall is a principle of efficient learning, which claims the need to actively stimulate memory during the learning process. It contrasts with passive review, in which the learning material is processed passively (e.g. by reading, watching, etc.). For example, reading a text about George Washington, with no further action, is a passive review. Answering the question "Who was the first US President?", is active recall. Active recall is very efficient in consolidating long-term memory. 
A study done by J.D. Karpicke and H.L. Roediger, III (2008) lent support to the idea that practicing information retrieval is integral to learning. They had college students study 40 pairs of foreign language words on flash cards. One group learned the words by going through the deck of cards each time until they could recall all the words. The other group’s subjects dropped a card whenever they successfully recalled its paired word on the reverse side. Both groups alternated between study and test trials. Furthermore, half of the subjects were tested on the entire list during each test trial, while the other half were only tested on words they failed to recall on previous test trials. The results of a follow-up test on the entire list a week later clearly showed that those who were tested on the entire list during learning were able to recall a greater percentage of the word pairs (~80% as opposed to ~30% for the partial-list tested subjects). Results didn’t depend on how the students studied (entire list or only unrecalled pairs), only how they were tested. The authors concluded that more rigorous testing leads to better retrieval in the future.
Karpicke and Janell R. Blunt (2011) followed up in this finding and questioned whether elaborative studying with concept mapping or retrieval-heavy studying was more effective. 200 Subjects who had studied various scientific concepts using more retrieval techniques did 50% better than the other group when tested a week later on their comprehension and ability to infer. Retrieval-heavy studiers performed better than concept-mappers in every measured way, even on questions requiring the creation of concept maps. Thus, they concluded that retrieval techniques aid learning more than elaborative studying. Karpicke believes the next step is to discover better ways to use retrieval in learning.
McDaniel et al. (2009) came up with the 3R (read-recite-review) method for learning from textbooks. They conducted two experiments that compared the 3R strategy to rereading and note-taking ones. Their results from one of the experiments showed that 3R improved both immediate and delayed (one week) free recall of information. The other one involved more complexity, and its results showed 3R studiers did better than those who reread and as well as note-takers, though the note-takers studied for longer than the 3R group.
Thus there is much support that active recall is better than rereading text for enhancing learning. In fact, Karpicke, et al. (2009) believe that students get "illusions of competence" from rereading their notes and textbook. One reason for this illusion is that the text contains all the information, so it is easy to glance over it and feel as if it is known well, when that is not the case at all. Better put: in the text, the cue and corresponding target are both present, which is not the case during testing. The results of their study showed that retrieval as a study strategy is rare among students. They prefer to reread instead.
Some critics of active recall claim that using retrieval techniques only improves learning a specific response. However, Karpicke et al. (2009) and Butler (2010) proved that at the very least, information is better remembered.

</doc>
<doc id="18374778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374778" title="Minimal model (set theory)">
Minimal model (set theory)

In set theory, a minimal model is a minimal standard model of ZFC.
Minimal models were introduced by .
The existence of a minimal model cannot be proved in ZFC, even assuming that ZFC is consistent, but follows from the existence of a standard model as follows. If there is a "set" W in V which is a standard model of ZF, and the ordinal κ is the set of ordinals which occur in W, then Lκ is the class of constructible sets of W. If there is a set which is a standard model of ZF, then the smallest such set is such a Lκ. This set is called the minimal model of ZFC, and also satisfies the axiom of constructibility V=L. The downward Löwenheim–Skolem theorem implies that the minimal model (if it exists as a set) is a countable set. More precisely, every element "s" of the minimal model can be named; in other words there is a first order sentence φ("x") such that "s" is the unique element of the minimal model for which φ("s") is true.
Of course, any consistent theory must have a model, so even within the minimal model of set theory there are sets which are models of ZF (assuming ZF is consistent). However, those set models are non-standard. In particular, they do not use the normal element relation and they are not well founded.
If there is no standard model then the minimal model cannot exist as a set. However in this case the class of all constructible sets plays the same role as the minimal model and has similar properties (though it is now a proper class rather than a countable set).

</doc>
<doc id="18374796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374796" title="Norman Motorsports">
Norman Motorsports

Norman Motorsports is the professional Trophy Truck #8 offroad racing team based in San Diego, California. It is owned and operated by Roger Norman. The team races in numerous off-road circuits, including SCORE/Tecate Baja series and Best In The Desert.
In the first year of racing the SCORE points series, the team has already taken home the overall win at the Terribles Primm 300 which is quite a noteworthy feat for a brand new team. Norman Motorsports is currently in 6th place overall going into the Baja 1000 and has proven to be a contender to win it. They would currently be ranked 2nd if the race truck had finished Laughlin.
A new video game ("Baja: Edge of Control") was released at the end of September 2008 for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 featuring the #8 Norman Motorsports trophy truck in team livery. The game was created by 2XL Games of Phoenix, Arizona.
Operations.
Norman Motorsports is moving into a new facility located at 9434 Bond Avenue in El Cajon, California. The new facility will be ready in January 2009 and is located next door to Fortin Transmissions and near Ivan Stewart's Pro Truck, Paul Mishell's Racer Services and McMillin Racing's facility. Currently Norman Motorsports is leasing at Wide Open in Irvine, California. El Cajon and Lakeside have the largest concentration of off-road businesses, teams, and enthusiasts in the country. It is also where the off-road business first took root in the United States.
Races.
SCORE/Tecate Baja 1000, Baja 500, San Felipe 250 and Best in the Desert (BiTD) Vegas to Reno.
Drivers.
Roger Norman, Larry Roeseler, Larry Ragland, Rhys Millen

</doc>
<doc id="18374805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374805" title="Merrilands">
Merrilands

Merrilands is a suburb of New Plymouth, in the western North Island of New Zealand. It is located to the south-east of the city centre. The Waiwhakaiho River runs past Merrilands to the east, and Te Henui Stream runs past to the west.
The population was 2,787 in the 2006 Census, an increase of 60 from 2001.
Education.
Merrilands School is a coeducational contributing primary (years 1-6) school with a decile rating of 6 and a roll of 184. The school was established in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18374860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374860" title="Gevorgyan">
Gevorgyan

Gevorgyan or Gevorgian, sometimes also spelled Gevorkian () is an Armenian surname meaning "son of Gevork", the equivalent of "son of George". The Western Armenian equivalent is Kevorkian. 
Gevorgyan can refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="18374886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374886" title="Amarilis">
Amarilis

Amarilis is a television actress. She made her debut as Patty Gilbert in the syndicated TV series "Sweet Valley High" and has guest starred on the TV series "The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air". Amarilis portrayed the Marvel Comics superheroine Monet "M" St. Croix in the television movie "Generation X".

</doc>
<doc id="18374909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374909" title="Takao Koyama">
Takao Koyama

Takao Koyama (小山 高生 "Koyama Takao"; born April 21, 1948 in Akishima, Tokyo) is a Japanese screenwriter and novelist focusing on anime productions. He was active as 小山 高男 (Koyama Takao) until 1987.
Career.
He graduated from Waseda University in 1972 and joined to Tatsunoko Production as a story creator and a screenwriter. He left from Tatsunoko in 1975, but he was related to the Time Bokan series, one of the most successful anime series of Tatsunoko, from Time Bokan in 1975 to the last series, Itadakiman in 1983.
After leaving from Tatsunoko, he wrote a lot of screenplays such as "Dragon Ball", "Saint Seiya" and "Sailor Moon (movies)"(but dragon ball is the worst anime ever created) of Toei Animation, "Yawara!" and "Galaxy Angel" of Madhouse
In parallel with works as screenwriter, he is endeavoring to bring up young talents. In 1986, he found "Anime Scenario House" to train the young anime scenario writers. By 1987, young screenwriters such as Satoru Akahori, Hiroyuki Kawasaki, Katsuyuki Sumisawa, Keiko Nobumoto and Aya Matsui graduated from Koyama's school. The school became Brother Noppo, company to support screenwriters, in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18374988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374988" title="Erick Flores">
Erick Flores

Erick Flores Bonfim or simply Erick Flores (born April 30, 1989 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder.
Career.
Flamengo.
Erick is considered one of the most talented young players of Flamengo. After catching everyone attention inside the club, he got promoted to the first-team in the first half of 2008 and signed his first professional contract until December 31, 2012. His first official match was on Mineirão coming from the bench in the 1-1 draw against Atlético Mineiro on July 9, 2008.
Ceará.
For the 2010 season Flamengo loaned out Erick to the recently Brazilian Série A promoted club Ceará expecting him to get more first team experience.
Career statistics.
"according to combined sources on the Flamengo official website and Flaestatística."

</doc>
<doc id="18374992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18374992" title="2007–08 Coppa Titano">
2007–08 Coppa Titano

The Coppa Titano 2007-08 was the 53rd edition of the Sammarinese football tournament. It started on September 14, 2007 and ended with the final on May 2, 2008. The final saw Murata defeat Juvenes/Dogana by a score of one to zero.
The winner of the tournament would receive a spot in the UEFA Cup 2008-09 tournament. Because Murata also won the Campionato Sammarinese, they received a spot in the Champions League, awarding the UEFA Cup qualification to Juvenes/Dogana.
Group stage.
All games were played during September 14, 2007 and April 2, 2008.
Stage Two.
Quarterfinals.
Games played on April 24, 2008.
Semifinals.
Games played on April 28, 2008.
Final.
Game played on May 2, 2008 at Serravalle Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="18375015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375015" title="Gasparyan">
Gasparyan

Gasparyan () is an Armenian surname.
Gasparyan, Gasparian, Kasparyan or Gasparjan in Eastern Armenian, or alternatively Kasparian or Kasbarian (in Western Armenian) can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18375031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375031" title="Diana Chapman Walsh">
Diana Chapman Walsh

Diana Chapman Walsh was President of Wellesley College from 1993 to 2007. During her tenure, the college revised its curriculum and expanded its programs in global education, internships and service learning, and interdisciplinary teaching and learning. The faculty established new majors in environmental studies, quantitative reasoning, cinema and media studies, neurosciences, and astrophysics. Japanese, Arabic and Korean languages were added to the curriculum as well, and a new department of East Asian Languages and Literatures was launched.
Contributions.
Other innovations included the opening of the Davis Museum and Cultural Center, the establishment of the Religious and Spiritual Life Program, the creation of a media and technology center, a social science center, a center for the humanities, annual day-long conferences to showcase student learning in the classroom and beyond, and other initiatives designed to strengthen the quality of campus intellectual life. Many of the college’s administrative structures were strengthened and major landscape restoration and building projects were completed across the campus. The college raised over $700 million in new gifts during this 14-year period, strengthened the management of the endowment and increased it fourfold, to over $1.6 billion.
Academic career.
Previously, Dr. Walsh was the Norman Professor at the Harvard School of Public Health, and chair of the Department of Health and Social Behavior. There she developed and led an interdisciplinary program in society and health, an educational initiative in cancer prevention, a program of studies on social norms and substance abuse, and a project on social marketing for public health. Prior to that, she was at Boston University, as a University Professor, and Professor of Social and Behavioral Sciences in the School of Public Health.
Walsh is a 1966 graduate of Wellesley College, as an English major. At Boston University, she earned an M. S. degree in journalism from in 1971 and, in 1983, a Ph.D. in health policy from the University Professors Program. She received the Wallerstein Award for the distinguished graduate thesis in journalism in 1971 and the Alumni Merit Award for the best graduate dissertation by a University Scholar in 1983.
Diana Chapman Walsh began her professional career, in the fall of 1966, at Barnard College. She spent five years, in the early 1970s, as the information and education director for the Planned Parenthood League of Massachusetts, on whose board she continued to serve for a decade. She was senior staff associate of the Massachusetts Commissioner of Public Health and then associate director of the Health Policy Institute at Boston University, where she developed and ran a fellowship program in health policy for corporate executives. As a Kellogg National Fellow, from 1987 to 1990, she traveled extensively (to Spain, Russia, Iceland, Norway, Brazil and throughout the United States) studying workplace democracy and patterns of leadership, and writing poetry. 
Walsh has published on topics related to the organization and financing of health care services, the conservation of health, the prevention and treatment of substance abuse, the health effects of work and on a number of issues in higher education. Her empirical studies have appeared in professional and scholarly journals such as the New England Journal of Medicine, Health Affairs and the Journal of the American Medical Association, and she is the author of reviews, essays, commentaries, and case studies. She has written, edited and co-edited twelve books, including a nine-volume series on industry and health care published by Springer-Verlag, a study of the practice of medicine within corporations entitled Corporate Physicians: Between Medicine and Management, Yale University Press, 1987, a co-edited monograph entitled Society and Health and published by Oxford University Press, and an essay, Trustworthy Leadership, published by the Fetzer Institute.
Other positions.
Walsh currently serves as chair of the board of the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, as a member of the corporation of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She is a trustee of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and of the Institute for Healthcare Improvement. She was a director of the State Street Corporation from 1999–2007 and a trustee of Amherst College from 1998-2010. She is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and of Phi Beta Kappa.
Biographical notes.
Her husband, Christopher T. Walsh, is the Hamilton Kuhn Professor in the Department of Molecular Pharmacology and Biological Chemistry at the Harvard Medical School. Their daughter, Allison Walsh Kurian, is an assistant professor of medicine and health policy at Stanford University.

</doc>
<doc id="18375047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375047" title="David Shou-Yeh Wong">
David Shou-Yeh Wong

David Shou-Yeh Wong (Traditional Chinese: 王守業; Simplified Chinese: 王守业), is a Hong Kong billionaire, finance tycoon and philanthropist.
Introduction.
A native of Ningbo, Zhejiang Province, David Wong founded and is the current President of the Dah Sing Bank Limited. Wong also invests in Mainland China, including the Chongqing Business Bank.
He is Chairman of Dah Sing Life Assurance Company Ltd. as well as Vice-president of the Hong Kong Institute of Bankers.
In 2008's Forbes Hong Kong's 40 Richest list, Wong was ranked as one of Hong Kong's top 40 billionaires (No.37).

</doc>
<doc id="18375071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375071" title="Kurt Anker Nielsen">
Kurt Anker Nielsen

Kurt Anker Nielsen (born 1945) is a Danish business executive. He resigned as a director of StatoilHydro (since 2007-10-01) and chairman of the company's audit committee on March 25, 2009, due to the way the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy has handled the issue relating to the company name He is a deputy chair of Novozymes (member of the board since 2000)
, a director of Novo Nordisk, ZymoGenetics, Vestas Wind Systems, and Life Cycle. He is also chair of Reliance Industries and Collstrups Mindelegat.
Nieslen received an MSc in Economics and Business Administration from Copenhagen Business School, Denmark, in 1972.
Nielsen formerly held senior positions with Novo A/S and Novo Nordisk, including senior CFO and managing director. He resigned from the board of Novo A/S in August 2006 and was immediately elected to the Board of the Novo Nordisk Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="18375075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375075" title="Pruitt">
Pruitt

Pruitt is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18375078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375078" title="Pruett">
Pruett

Pruett is surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18375083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375083" title="HPMC (disambiguation)">
HPMC (disambiguation)

HPMC may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18375090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375090" title="List of In Treatment episodes">
List of In Treatment episodes

"In Treatment" is an American HBO drama series developed by Rodrigo Garcia based on the Israeli series "BeTipul" created by Hagai Levi. The series spans 106 episodes over three seasons.
Episode list.
Season 1 (2008).
The first season follows Dr. Paul Weston (Gabriel Byrne) and his weekly sessions with his patients. Each night focuses on one specific patient.
Season 2 (2009).
The second season continues focusing on the life of Paul Weston (Gabriel Byrne) and the complex lives of his patients. Dianne Wiest continues as Dr. Gina Toll.
Season 3 (2010).
The third and final season continues focusing on the life of Paul Weston (Gabriel Byrne) and the complex lives of his patients.

</doc>
<doc id="18375112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375112" title="Une femme en prison">
Une femme en prison

"Une femme en prison" () is a song by Stomy Bugsy and Kelly Rowland which, upon release, was listed for four weeks on the SNEP France Singles chart, peaking at number 62. The single was released in France in 2003 and is taken from Stomy's album "4ème Round". It's also available as a bonus track on the French edition of Kelly's debut album "Simply Deep".
References.
http://acharts.us/song/15539

</doc>
<doc id="18375126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375126" title="Hongshanopterus">
Hongshanopterus

Hongshanopterus is a genus of istiodactylid ornithocheiroid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Lower Cretaceous Jiufotang Formation of Liaoning, China. It is based on IVPP V14582, a skull and neck vertebrae of a single individual. The teeth had triangular crowns and were flattened from mouth side to "lip" side, like those of other istiodactylids. "Hongshanopterus" was less derived than other istiodactylids, however, by having a tooth row that extended beyond the first third of the skull, and by having some teeth that were directed backwards. The type species is "H. lacustris".

</doc>
<doc id="18375130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375130" title="Fertig, Los!">
Fertig, Los!

Fertig, Los! was a German Indie rock band. It was formed in the summer of 2004 in Munich. Its members consisted of Julia Viechtl (bassist), Florian Wille (drummer), and Philipp Leu (singer and guitarist). The band announced May 8, 2013 via Twitter and Facebook they were splitting up.
Band history.
The original four musicians knew each other from their school days. The positive reviews of their first demo were included in a Munich city magazine and the musician :de:Marc Liebscher. From the release of their first Ep in June 2006 arose a record deal with Columbia Records. Fertig, Los! recorded their debut album at the :de:Uphon-Studio in :de:Wilzhofen. With their first single they made it on the German popcharts right away. Their song "Sie ist in mich verliebt" was included in the soundtrack to FIFA 07.
In 2008, Raphael Dwinger left the band to attend drama school to pursue acting. Florian Lüdtke has joined the band as a live guitarist.
2013 & Break Up.
The band posted a message via Twitter and Facebook announcing their break up on May 8, 2013.
The message said
"Ihr Lieben,
Leider müssen wir euch mitteilen, dass wir uns entschlossen haben musikalisch nunmehr getrennte Wege zu gehen. 
Es war eine wundervolle Zeit und es fällt uns weiß Gott nicht leicht Adieu zu sagen. Aber unsere kleine Band am Leben zu halten, während wir über ganz Europa verteilt sind, ist uns unmöglich geworden. 
Zum traurigen Anlass haben wir hier noch ein Musikvideo zu "Die Anderen", das auf unserer Irakreise entstanden ist. 
Wir danken euch allen, die in den acht Jahren Fertig, Los! vor und hinter der Bühne zu uns standen. Wir danken euch von ganzem Herzen, haben euch darin eingeschlossen und den Schlüssel weggeworfen. Was unsere Zukunft bereit hält können wir im Moment nicht sagen - weil wir es nicht wissen. Sobald sich das ändert erfahrt ihr es als Erste. 
Alles Gute,
Julia, Flo, Simon und Philipp"
Along with the message they attached a link to a new music video they made while in Iraq. The music video featured the song "Die Anderen".
Their reason of splitting up was due to the fact that they were all in separate parts of Europe and was almost impossible to continue with the band. So they decided it was best to go their separate ways.
Discography.
Singles.
"Das Herz ist ein Sammler:"

</doc>
<doc id="18375152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375152" title="Zhang Shusheng">
Zhang Shusheng

Zhang Shusheng () was a Chinese official of the Qing Dynasty. He was one of the Huai Army's vice leaders, and his young brother whom named Zhang Shushang (張樹珊), was also a Lieutenant General, but dead in a battle in the Taiping Rebellion's in De'an County in 1867. 

</doc>
<doc id="18375153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375153" title="Dragon Age">
Dragon Age

Dragon Age is a high fantasy role-playing video game series created by BioWare. The first game, ', was released in 2009. "Dragon Age II", a sequel to "Origins", was released in March 2011. ' is set to be released Fall 2014. The series' fantasy setting has also been used by a variety of other media, including books and tabletop games, and the two main games have been joined by a variety of downloadable content (DLC) add-ons.
Video games.
Related games.
"Dragon Age Legends".
"Dragon Age Legends" is a strategy RPG developed by EA for the Facebook Platform. "Dragon Age Legends" gives players their experience of the Free Marches, the setting of "Dragon Age II". "Dragon Age Legends" gameplay will unlock items within "Dragon Age II". The game features character customization and an upgrade system that isn't similar to the real game.
"Dragon Age Journeys".
A three-episode Flash game spin-off by EA 2D is under development, entitled "Dragon Age Journeys". The first chapter of the game, "The Deep Roads" was released for free. Players can unlock achievements in the game, which will unlock unique items in "Dragon Age: Origins". The second and third chapters are purchase-only.
"Heroes of Dragon Age".
In August 2013 EA announced an upcoming game for mobile devices, "Heroes of Dragon Age". The game will be free to play, and is battle-based, featuring digital 3D figurines of characters from the Dragon Age universe. Rather than introducing new lore, the game will be based on "what if?" scenarios drawn from plotlines in the existing games. The game is expected to be available for iOS and Android.
On October 8, 2013, EA soft-launched Heroes of Dragon Age on Google Play in Canada.
Other media.
The "Dragon Age" setting is also used in several other media.
Novels.
There are currently three novels set in the "Dragon Age" universe. The first, ', was released March 3, 2009. The second Dragon Age novel is titled ' and was released on October 13, 2009.
A third novel, "Dragon Age: Asunder", was released December 20, 2011, by David Gaider through Tor Publishers. A fourth novel, "Dragon Age: The Masked Empire" was announced and slated for release in April 2014. It will be written by Patrick Weekes.
Tabletop role-playing game.
A tabletop role-playing game, titled "Dragon Age", was released on January 25, 2010 by Green Ronin. Green Ronin has stated that the game uses "an all-new game system" using three six-sided dice. The game's initial release is a boxed set including a Player's Guide, Game Master's Guide, map of Ferelden and three dice. An electronic (PDF) version of the game is also available, offered for free to those pre-ordering the box set.
Anime film.
An anime film adaption was announced on June 7, 2010. It was co-produced by BioWare, EA and anime company Funimation Entertainment. It was released in Japanese theaters on February 11, 2012. The film is called "Dragon Age: Dawn of the Seeker" with Funimation Entertainment releasing a teaser trailer on their website.
Comics.
"Dragon Age: Origins", a webcomic by the artist of Penny Arcade, was made available in 2010, and it tells a story about a group of Templars sent on a search & destroy mission for Flemeth, The Witch of the Wilds. The timeline is set before the game "Dragon Age: Origins", as Morrigan has not yet been recruited by The Warden.
Another webcomic, "Dragon Age: Origins - Awakening", was also released in 2010 by Penny Arcade. This short story tells how Nathaniel Howe broke into Vigils Keep prior to his arrest in "Awakening" right before meeting The Warden.
"Dragon Age: The Revelation", written by David Gaider, was published in 2010 on BioWare's website, and features art from Aimo. The story is based on a script from the video game "Dragon Age: Origins" that did not make the final release. It details a meeting between Morrigan and Alistair after the Grey Wardens learn from Riordan that in order to kill an Archdemon the warden who slays the beast must die. Morrigan seeks out Alistair to ask his advice on the lengths one would go to help a friend in need. The story ends with Morrigan on her way to The Warden's bedroom to offer The Dark Ritual.
IDW Publishing released a 6-issue "Dragon Age" comic.
Two graphic novels have also been released. "Dragon Age", a 133 page story written by Orson Scott Card with the help of Aaron Johnson, tells the story of a mage becoming romantically involved with a templar. The story is set before the events of the video games and takes place in and around the Tower of Magi.
The second graphic novel, "The Silent Grove", follows Alistair, Varric and Isabela as they uncover the truth behind Alistair's past. It is written by David Gaider.
Representation of the Middle Ages.
Like most fantasy role-playing games, "Dragon Age" selectively appropriates medieval backdrops and themes. "It draws inspiration from multiple temporal and geographic locations in medieval Europe, and is overtly presentist as it engages with contemporary social issues including gender, sexual orientation, and race."
Action figures.
A series of four action figures was released by DC Direct. Series one includes action figures of Morrigan, Duncan, Loghain and a Genlock. Each highly detailed figure features game-accurate accessories and can be found in game and hobby shops and various online retailers.
Web series.
It was announced on February 15, 2011, that actress Felicia Day, in partnership with BioWare, would be releasing a six-part web series called "" sometime in the summer of 2011. The series is written by Day, who also serves as a co-producer. Filming took place over a dozen days in January 2011 in the L.A. area, with associate producer Peter Winther (Independence Day) as director and John Bartley (Lost) as cinematographer. It was teased as #mysteryproject on Day's Twitter feed for several weeks before the announcement.
The web series premiered on October 11, 2011, the same day as the release of the new "Dragon Age II" DLC, "Mark of the Assassin", which features quests based around Day's character.

</doc>
<doc id="18375165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375165" title="Floyd Collins (disambiguation)">
Floyd Collins (disambiguation)

Floyd Collins may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18375207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375207" title="Channel Islands Stock Exchange">
Channel Islands Stock Exchange

The Channel Islands Stock Exchange (CISX) was a stock exchange operating in St. Peter Port, Guernsey, which was acquired by The Channel Islands Securities Exchange Authority Limited on 20 December 2013. It was founded in October 1998, as a company limited both by guarantee and by shares. It was an offshore stock exchange in the European time zone for the listing of investment funds, debt instruments and the shares of companies. 
It provided listing facility and screen-based trading for local and international trading companies, investment companies - both open- and closed-ended funds - specialist debt securities and Channel Islands depository receipts (CIDRS). These included specialist securities, including Eurobonds, Structured Debt, Warrants and SPVs; and investment funds.

</doc>
<doc id="18375222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375222" title="Telesarchus">
Telesarchus

Telesarchus or Telesarch (, "Telesarkhos") is a little-attested Greek author who wrote a work on the early history of Argolis, called the "Argolicum" or "Argolica". He is mentioned by Sextus Empiricus and scholia on Homer and on Euripides' "Alcestis". The availability of his writings was limited even among the Romans.

</doc>
<doc id="18375237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375237" title="Crusade song">
Crusade song

A Crusade song (, , ) is any vernacular lyric poem about the Crusades. Crusade songs were popular in the High Middle Ages: 106 survive in Occitan, forty in Old French, thirty in Middle High German, two in Italian, and one in Old Castilian. The study of the Crusade song, which may be considered a genre of its own, was pioneered by Kurt Lewent. He provided a classification of Crusade songs and distinguished between songs which merely mentioned, in some form, a Crusade from songs which were "Crusade songs". 
The Crusade song was not confined to the topic of the Latin East, but could concern the Reconquista in Spain, the Albigensian Crusade in Languedoc, or the political crusades in Italy. The first Crusade to be accompanied by songs, none of which survive, was the Crusade of 1101, of which William IX of Aquitaine wrote, according to Orderic Vitalis. From the Second Crusade survive one French and ten Occitan songs. The Third and Fourth Crusades generated many songs in Occitan, French, and German. Occitan troubadours dealt especially with the Albigensian campaigns in the early thirteenth century, but there decline thereafter left the later Crusades—Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth—to be convered primarily by the German "Minnesinger" and French "trouvères".
List of Occitan crusading songs.
The following list is only of those songs defined as ""Kreuzlied"" in Lewent, "Das altprovenzalische Kreuzlied" (Berlin: 1905). Other songs may be considered "crusading songs", but there is no definitive list or lengthy, generic treatment of them since Lewent. 

</doc>
<doc id="18375276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375276" title="Nazaryan">
Nazaryan

Nazaryan or Nazarian () is an Armenian surname. It means "son of Nazar." It can refer to the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="18375313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375313" title="Ryongyon County">
Ryongyon County

Ryongyŏn County is a county in western South Hwanghae province, North Korea. Its Yellow Sea coast is known for its natural beauty and as an important habitat for plants and birds. Ryongyŏn was the first place in which Protestant Christianity was established in Korea, in the late 19th Century.
Geography.
Ryongyŏn is a coastal county of 463 km², facing the Yellow Sea to the south and northwest. It also borders Changyon county to the northeast, and Taetan county to the east. Its territory includes several islands to the south: Wollaedo (), Ojakdo (오작도), and Yukdo (육도). Ryongyŏn is separated from the South Korean Baengnyeong Island by a strait
12 km wide, and can be clearly seen from South Korean resorts on clear days.
The Pult'a Mountains (불타산맥) run through the county from east to west. The western part of the chain projects into the Yellow Sea, forming the Ryongyŏn Peninsula, with Changsan Cape at its western end (장산곶). The territory is mainly mountainous, with beaches and some lowland to the north and south of the mountains. There are two main inlets or harbors: Monggŭmp'o (몽금포) in the north, and Kumip'o (구미포) in the south.
Two of North Korea's protected natural areas lie along the coastal strip. Changsan Cape contains a Protected Area covering 25.8 km², and another part of the cape has been established as a plant reserve. On the north side of the peninsula is Monggŭmp'o Sand Dune, a national monument of 0.1 km².
Administrative Subdivisions.
The county is divided into one ŭp and twenty "ri". The administrative center and chief town is Ryongyŏn-ŭp.
History.
The first Protestant Christian church in Korea was founded at Sorae (),
on the southern coast of Ryongyŏn, in 1884 - before the beginning of foreign missionary activity in Korea. The church was founded by Seo Sang-ryun (서상륜), who had been converted to Christianity while in Manchuria.
The church was visited and supported by English, Scottish, and American Presbyterian missionaries in the following years, including Horace Underwood. A permanent church building was constructed by the local Christians in 1895.
The territory of Ryongyŏn County lies just above the 38th parallel, and was included in the northern zone during the division of Korea. The nearby Ongjin Peninsula and Baengnyeong Island fell within the southern zone.
During the Korean War, the island Wollaedo was used as a base by pro-Southern partisans. This position was regularly bombarded by Northern artillery on the mainland of Cape Changsan. In 1952, a group of "White Tiger" partisans working together with United States Special Forces landed on the cape. They successfully took control of and destroyed the artillery site, escaping with
small losses.
It has been reported by a former North Korean army officer that areas of the coast in Ryongyŏn are still defended by
land mines.
The territory of Ryongyŏn County was previously part of Changyon County. In 1952, Changyon was split, and the new Ryongyŏn County was created.
Economy.
During the North Korean famine of the 1990s and 2000s, relief agencies have reported
near-starvation conditions in Ryongyŏn.
Western aid organizations have supported a Ryongyŏn Sustainable Food Security Programme to bring about "environmentally friendly community development at a group of four collective farms covering
over 7,000 acres."
At an international conference on plans for a proposed Korea-China undersea tunnel, held in Seoul in 2008, Changsan was one of the locations considered for the terminus on the Korean side. Of the four suggested routes, the Ryongyŏn-Weihai line was the shortest, and the only one entering North rather than South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="18375319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375319" title="Fox Paine &amp; Company">
Fox Paine &amp; Company

Fox Paine & Company is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout transactions. Fox Paine & Company, LLC was founded in 1997 by former Kohlberg Kravis Roberts partner Saul A. Fox and former Kohlberg & Co. partner W. Dexter Paine III. In 2007, the firm formalized a year-long separation process, with Saul Fox retaining the firm's name, while Dexter Paine formed a new firm, Paine & Partners, with the legacy Fox Paine investment team.
The firm primarily invests in financial services and insurance companies, with investments in semiconductors, agribusiness, healthcare, energy, telecommunications, industrials and consumer goods.
Fox Paine is headquartered in Woodside, California.
History.
Prior to founding Fox Paine in 1997, Fox had been a partner at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, while Paine had been an investment banker and private equity investor at San Francisco-based Robertson Stephens and later Kohlberg & Co. The two partners had been encouraged to work together given their previous business dealings. In 1985, Dexter Paine had helped Saul Fox arrange financing for the leveraged buyout of Motel 6, while at KKR.
In 1998, Fox Paine completed fundraising for Fox Paine Capital Fund, an investment fund with $500 million of investor commitments. In 2001, the firm successfully raised Fox Paine Capital Fund II, a $1.0 billion investment fund, exceeding its original $750 million target.
The following is a selected list of notable investments made by Fox Paine:
In 2005, the two partners disagreed about the raising of a third investment fund, with Dexter Paine pushing the effort and Saul Fox preferring to focus on existing investments. In 2006, they reached an agreement that let Dexter Paine launch what became known as the Fox Paine Capital Fund III, without Saul Fox's active involvement while paying Fox a 25% interest in the new fund's general partnership. The situation broke down in 2007 and the two partners resorted to litigation to settle a number of disputes.
In December 2007, Fox and Paine came to a compromise under which Saul Fox retained the use of the Fox Paine name and control over the investments in Fox Paine Fund II. In return, Saul Fox ceded his interest in Fox Paine Fund III, which would subsequently be renamed Paine Capital Fund III as well as the remaining legacy interest in the original Fox Paine Capital Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="18375329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375329" title="Koibal language">
Koibal language

Koibal language may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18375354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375354" title="Embassy of India, Washington, D.C.">
Embassy of India, Washington, D.C.

The Indian embassy to the United States in based in the capital, Washington, D.C.. The building is located at 2107 Massachusetts Avenue NW, on Embassy Row, in a house originally built in 1901 for T. Morris Murray.

</doc>
<doc id="18375403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375403" title="1988 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team">
1988 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team

The 1988 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team represented the University of Notre Dame during the 1988 college football season. The Irish, coached by Lou Holtz, ended the season with 12 wins and no losses, winning the national championship. The Fighting Irish won the title by defeating the previously unbeaten and No. 3 ranked West Virginia Mountaineers in the Sunkist Fiesta Bowl in Tempe, Arizona by a score of a 34-21. The 1988 squad, one of 11 national title squads for the Irish, is considered to be one of the best undefeated teams in the history of college football. The Irish beat the Nos. 1, 2 and 3 teams in the country at the time they played them. They also won 10 of 12 games by double digits. The 1988 squad is best remembered for its 31-30 upset of No. 1 ranked Miami, ending their 36-game regular season winning streak. The game is remembered to this day as one of the most memorable games in all of college football.
Game notes.
Michigan.
13th ranked Notre Dame debuted its season against No. 9 Michigan in Notre Dame Stadium. In a 19-17 thriller, walk-on kicker Reggie Ho kicked a 48-yard field goal winner with 1:13 remaining. Lou Holtz's concerns about his youthful offense and green receivers were realized as the Irish offense did not score a single offensive touchdown. In addition to Reggie Ho's game winner, the Irish kicker scored 3 other field goals. The lone touchdown from Notre Dame came from a Ricky Watters punt return, an 81-yard runback. Michigan's Mike Gillette, who had given the Wolverines the lead with 5:34 left by kicking a 49-yard field goal, had one final chance to give Michigan the win, narrowly missing from 48 yards as the final gun sounded.
Michigan State.
MSU threatened Notre Dame early with a 1st-quarter field goal, but that would be the only points of the day the Notre Dame defense would allow as the Irish downed MSU 20-3. Notre Dame struggled early in the contest, accumulating only 50 yards running on 21 carries. Reggie Ho tied the game with 31-yarder in the second quarter and put the Irish ahead 6-3 at the half with a 22-yard field goal. The second half was a different story for the Irish offense, as quarterback Tony Rice and company amassed 195 yards on 33 carries in the second half. 156 yards came on 19 carries in the third quarter alone. Tony Rice ran for a 8-yard touchdown and Michael Stonebreaker added a 39-yard interception return for a touchdown in the final quarter to end any hopes of a Spartan upset. The star of the game was Notre Dame's defense, which held the Spartans to 89 yards rushing for the game. Running back Mark Green led the Irish rushing attack with 125 yards on the ground.
Purdue.
Tony Rice passed for two touchdowns and ran for another as Notre Dame shredded Purdue 52-7. It was one of the worst losses by Purdue in the history of the series, and its worst loss since a 48-0 drubbing in 1970. Notre Dame scored early and often, starting with a 38 yard Rice option run for a touchdown. Tony Rice's first passing touchdown on the year was an 8-yarder to freshman tight end Derek Brown. The Irish exploded for 28 points in the second quarter, highlighted by a 54-yard Rice touchdown pass to Rocket Ismail. Tailback Mark Green added a 7-yard touchdown run and Ricky Watters returned a punt 66 yards for a score. Coach Lou Holtz used three separate quarterbacks in the second quarter and four total in the game. Back-up quarterback Steve Belles hit running back Tony Brooks for a 34-yard score to put the Irish up 42-0 at half-time. The second half saw the Irish score ten points with back-ups, a 44-yard field goal by Billy Hackett and a 36-yard run from freshman tailback Rodney Culver. Purdue's lone touchdown was a fourth quarter 7-yard pass from Brian Fox to Williamson. The Irish improved to 3-0 while the Boilermakers dropped to 1-2 on the year.
Stanford.
Tony Rice rushed for two touchdowns and passed for a third to lead the Fighting Irish to a 42-14 blowout of Stanford. Rice completed 11 of 14 passes for 129 yards and rushed for 107 yards. Rice scored runs of 30 yards and 6 yards while the Irish tailbacks added 3 other scores with touchdowns from Mark Green, Tony Brooks, and Anthony Johnson. Despite the lopsided score, Stanford did mount two of the longest scoring drives against the Irish to date, with a 68-yard drive by quarterback Brian Johnson and a 73-yard drive by back-up quarterback Jason Palumbis. Freshman standout tight end Derek Brown added the Irish's sole passing touchdown in the 3rd quarter. The Irish defense stymied the Cardinal, holding them to just 111 yards in the first half.
Pittsburgh.
Notre Dame, a loser to Pittsburgh three years in a row, narrowly avoided another such upset as the Irish improved to 5-0 on the season. The 30-20 victory in the rain did little to inspire confidence that Notre Dame could beat No. 1 Miami the following week. The Panthers made a number of critical mistakes that led the Panthers to believe they did more to lose the game more than Notre Dame did to win it.
"We could have won the game," said Panther coach Mike Gottfried, "but we made just enough mistakes to lose it."
Notre Dame struggled to contain Panther quarterback Darnell Dickerson, who at times had 10 seconds or more per play. The Panthers came out strong early, starting the game with an impressive drive, but before the Panthers could score, Irish cornerback Todd Lyght forced a fumble, which Chris Zorich recovered. After a stalled Irish drive, the Panthers got the ball back and took a 7-0 lead on a Dickerson touchdown. Notre Dame answered back with a 52-yard Tony Brooks run to the 2-yard line. The large run was the result of a failed Panther blitz attempt. Tony Rice scored on a 2-yard keeper to tie the game 7-7. After an Anthony Johnson touchdown gave the Irish a 14-7 lead, Dickerson scored his second touchdown to tie the game again at 14-14. Reggie Ho scored a 37-yard field goal to give the Irish a 17-14 half time lead.
The critical moment of the game came in the second half, when late into the fourth quarter the Irish were clinging to a 23-20 lead when the Panthers forced the Irish into a 4th and long from their own 23-yard line. But a late 12 men on the field penalty against the Panthers gave the Irish new life. The 15-yard penalty gave Notre Dame the ball on its 48-yard line, and 11 plays later Mark Green ran for an 8-yard touchdown with 4:30 left in the game to put victory out of reach for the Panthers. Tony Rice went 8-14 passing for the game and a third quarter Braxston Banks touchdown gave the Irish the lead for good.
Miami.
The October 15, 1988 game between Notre Dame and the University of Miami Hurricanes is colloquially referred to as the Catholics vs. Convicts game. The University of Notre Dame was dubbed the "Catholics" and the University of Miami was dubbed as "the Convicts".
Air Force.
A potential letdown after defeating No. 1 Miami the previous week never materialized for the now 2nd ranked Irish, who used a second half onslaught of power running to down the Falcons 41-13. Coach Holtz admitted he was scared all week of a potential upset of his young Notre Dame squad. Of main concern was Air Force's wishbone ground attack, which came into Notre Dame Stadium averaging 46 points and 432 rushing yards a game. Falcons coach Fisher DeBerry's squad had the best ground gaining offense in the nation. Holtz's fears seemed to be valid during the rain in the first half as Notre Dame only held a 7-point lead at the half.
Air Force opened the game with an impressive ground attack. Air Force quarterback Dee Dowis took his team inside the Irish 20 on the game's first offensive drive. But Pat Terrell, the defensive hero of last week's victory over Miami, stepped into the spotlight again, this time with Stan Smagala. Albert Booker, an Air Force halfback, was carrying the ball on second down when Smagala hit him hard. The ball popped free and Terrell recovered the fumble at the Notre Dame 16. After the turnover, Air Force answered with its first field goal by Steve Yarborough from 22 yards out. But Notre Dame matched that by going 71 yards to score on Mark Green's 7-yard touchdown run. In the second quarter, The Irish continued to run the ball, with quarterback Tony Rice and running back Anthony Johnson both running for touchdowns. Air Force answered before the end of the half with a touchdown to cut Notre Dame's lead to just seven points.
The third quarter was all Irish, as five Irish running backs combined for 283 yards, all running for 23 yards or more. One of the highlights was a 50-yard halfback pass late in the third quarter thrown by 4th-string quarterback Steve Belles. In at running back, Belles took a pitch from Tony Rice, stepped back to his right and threw to a wide open Ricky Watters. The flanker took the ball inside the Air Force 10 and battled his way just over the goal line late in the third quarter. Other scores included a Tony Brooks 42-yard touchdown in the third quarter and another Ricky Watters touchdown catch; this time a 28-yarder from Rice. In the end, the Irish defense held the explosive Falcons to 54 yards rushing in the second half and 195 for the game, 237 yards below its season average.
Navy.
Although unbeaten and No. 2 Notre Dame posted its 25th consecutive victory of the Naval Academy, coach Lou Holtz was not happy. "We couldn't control the line of scrimmage," Holtz said after the victory. "We couldn't throw consistently, we weren't mentally alert and that's my fault. Our offensive line got beat up, we couldn't run inside. We weren't good enough to beat them inside. We're not a very good team right now. We feel fortunate to win." Favored to beat Navy by five touchdowns, the Irish dropped five passes, lost two fumbles, shanked a punt for a mere 10 yds., and got whistled for having twelve men on the field - all before winning the game 22-7. The Midshipmen fumbled on their second play from scrimmage and six plays later Notre Dame led 7-0 on a 10-yard touchdown pass from Rice to Derek Brown, before a crowd of 54,926 at Memorial Stadium. Rodney Culver and Ryan Mihalko ran for touchdowns as Notre Dame opened up a 22-0 lead early in the third quarter en route to reaching an 8-0 record for the first time since 1973. One positive Lou Holtz saw was the play of the defense. "Our defense played really well, but was on the field too long." Notre Dame amassed 396 total yards and held Navy to 192 yards, the lowest for an Irish opponent this year.
Rice.
The Irish scored early and often as Notre Dame dazzled their home crowd of 59,075 with a 54-11 victory. After Rice scored an early field goal in the first quarter, Rocket Ismail returned his first of two kickoffs, a 78-yard return for a score. The Irish offense quickly followed with three touchdowns on their first three offensive possessions. Junior fullback Anthony Johnson rushed for two of Notre Dame's seven TDs, while Tony Brooks and Rodney Culver also added touchdowns. Late in the game, Rocket Ismail returned an 83-yard kick off return for a touchdown. Ismail became the first Notre Dame player to return two kick-offs for touchdowns in a game since Paul Castner in 1922 against Kalamazoo. Rice LB Billy Stone returned a blocked extra-point all the way for two points. This was the first time a team scored by returning a failed conversion in NCAA Div I history (the rule allowing for the defense to score this way instituted at the start of the 1988-89 season).
Penn State.
The Irish came into the game at 9-0 while Penn State was 5-5, on the verge of their first losing season in 50 years. Notre Dame got started early, scoring on their first possession, an 87 yard on 12 play drive. On second-and-5 from Penn State's 48-yard line, Tony Rice threw a 17-yard pass to Ricky Watters, who was wide open 15 yards downfield. Five plays later, Notre Dame scored from Penn State's two. Rice optioned left, froze the Penn State linebacker Eddie Johnson with a pump-fake, then ran into the end zone. Reggie Ho's extra point made it 7-0. In the second quarter, Notre Dame drove 60 yards in five plays to go ahead, 14-0. Rice set up the score with another pass to Watters - a 27-yard play that moved the ball to Penn State's 33-yard line. Two plays later, running back Mark Green took a handoff up the middle, then found daylight to his right and ran 22 yards for a touchdown. Penn State's only score came on the last play of the first half, when Eric Etze kicked a 52-yard field goal.
After leading by 14-3 at halftime, Notre Dame struck quickly for its final score in the third quarter. On first down after a Penn State punt, Tony Rice threw a 67-yard touchdown pass to Raghib Ismail. It was the first time the Fighting Irish had thrown deep all game, and the long pass caught Penn State defensive backs off guard. Ismail was so wide open, he scored even though he had to wait for Rice's underthrown pass. After making the catch at Penn State's 20-yard line, Ismail broke Eddie Johnson's attempted tackle and jogged into the end zone. The win set the stage for the next week's showdown vs. USC, the final hurdle to the national championship game.
USC.
Notre Dame and USC entered the game undefeated and ranked number one and two respectively for the first time ever in their storied series. It was also the 24th time No. 1 faced No. 2 in college football history. In a controversial move, coach Lou Holtz took his 10-0 Irish squad to L.A. without stars Ricky Watters and Tony Brooks, who he suspended for disciplinary reasons. The USC Trojans were having a great season under head coach Larry Smith and standout quarterback Rodney Peete. The Irish came into the game as underdogs, but spectacular play of defensive end Frank Stams and cornerback Stan Smagala aided the Irish offense, led by Tony Rice, to an Irish victory. Notre Dame started out fast with Tony Rice surprising the crowd by throwing deep to Raghib Ismail on the first play of scrimmage. On the very next play, Tony Rice optioned left for a 65-yard touchdown play. The Trojans were listless, committing four turnovers, including a back-breaking Rodney Peete interception to Stan Smagala for another Notre Dame touchdown. In the second half, running back Mark Green added the final touchdown of the day(aided by a key 22-yard gain on a 3rd down screen play by Anthony Johnson) to help defeat the Trojans. The sellout crowd of 93,829 was the largest in this rivalry since 1955.
Aftermath.
The 1988 Irish squad won their 11th consensus national title in Lou Holtz's third year as an Irish head coach, equaling the trend of Irish coaches winning the title in their third year. Irish head coaches Frank Leahy, Ara Parseghian and Dan Devine also won titles in their third years as head coach. Holtz was named national coach of the year for taking the Irish squad from a 8-4 record the previous year to national title winners the following year. His 1989 and 1993 squads narrowly missed repeating the feat.
As of 2012, the 1988 Irish squad is also the most recent to win the national title. This title drought looms large as Notre Dame is currently in its 24th year going without winning a title, the longest such streak since they won their first in 1924.
Awards and honors.
All-Americans
Paul "Bear" Bryant Award Coach of the Year
Eddie Robinson Coach of the Year Award
College Football Hall of Fame inductees
Future NFL Players.
The following is a list of Notre Dame players that would go on to play or be drafted to play in the National Football League over the next four years. All players listed played for the 1988 team.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18375419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375419" title="Station CAPC (Musée d'Art Contemporain) (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station CAPC (Musée d'Art Contemporain) (Tram de Bordeaux)

CAPC station came into service 23 July 2007 on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Situation.
The station is located on Quay Louis XVIII in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18375427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375427" title="Quackenbush">
Quackenbush

Quackenbush is a surname that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18375432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375432" title="Casa de Rosas">
Casa de Rosas

Casa de Rosas, also known as the Froebel Institute and the Sunshine Mission, is a historic building in the West Adams district of Los Angeles. The building was designed by Sumner P. Hunt and built in 1893. It was originally an experimental kindergarten and has also been used over the years as a prestigious college preparatory school for girls, an inn and restaurant, a military barracks in World War II, the headquarters of L. Ron Hubbard's Dianetics Foundation, and a shelter for homeless women.

</doc>
<doc id="18375462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375462" title="1923–24 Montreal Canadiens season">
1923–24 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1923–24 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 15th season and seventh as a member of the National Hockey League (NHL). The Canadiens once again returned to the playoffs and won their second Stanley Cup, defeating the Calgary Tigers.
Regular season.
This season was the rookie season of new star Howie Morenz. Placed on a line with Bill Boucher and Aurel Joliat, the Canadiens had an offensive line to terrorize the league. All three player were top 10 scorers, Boucher with 16, Joliat with 15 and Morenz with 13. The threesome scored 44 of Montreal's total of 59 goals in 24 games.
December was mild in Montreal and the situation forced the postponement of several games at the Mount Royal Arena. The Canadiens played their first three games on the road before opening at home on December 29, defeating Toronto 3–0.
The NHL held a mid-season meeting on January 26 to consider suspending Sprague Cleghorn. Ottawa claimed he was deliberately injuring opponents, citing a spearing incident against Cy Denneny. The league rejected the charges, and in a game against Ottawa shortly thereafter, Cleghorn charged Lionel Hitchman into the boards and earned a one game suspension.
After the mild month of December, the winter was snowy. On February 20, the train from Ottawa carrying the Senators was snow-bound partway to Montreal. The Senators' Cy Denneny while out looking for food, fell down a well, but escaped without injury. The game took place the next day.
It was a defensive era in the NHL. The Canadiens scored only 59 goals in 24 games, giving up 48. Georges Vezina led the league in goals against average of 2.0 per game. All four team's starting goalies had GAA under 4. Bill Boucher led the Canadiens in offence, scoring 16 goals.
Playoffs.
The Montreal Canadiens defeated the defending Stanley Cup champion Ottawa Senators 5-2 in a two-game total-goals series. Out west, the PCHA second place Vancouver Maroons defeated the first place team (Seattle Metropolitans) also. Meanwhile, in the Western Canada Hockey League, the Calgary Tigers won the regular season and the playoffs. The Canadiens owner, Leo Dandurand, wanted Calgary and Vancouver to face off against each other and then have the Canadiens play the winner for the Stanley Cup. Frank Patrick, the president of the PCHA, refused to go along with that idea.
NHL Championship.
"All dates 1924"
Montreal Canadiens vs. Ottawa Senators
"Montreal wins two game total goal series 5 goals to 2 to win the Prince of Wales Trophy."
Stanley Cup playoffs.
Semi-Finals.
Since Leo Dandurand's request to have Vancouver and Calgary face off first was denied, the first round match-up was the Montreal Canadiens and Vancouver Maroons. This didn't dissuade Montreal at all as the Canadiens swept the best of three series two games to none.
Vancouver Maroons vs. Montreal Canadiens
"Montreal wins best-of-three two games to none"
Finals.
After sweeping Vancouver, Montreal's next opponent was the Calgary Tigers. Montreal swept them too in a best of three series. Howie Morenz was the star, scoring a hat trick in the first game, then another goal in the next game, which was transferred to Ottawa because of the slushy ice at Mount Royal Arena. Morenz was levelled by Cully Wilson of Calgary and suffered a chipped collarbone, but it was all in vain as Montreal won. The Canadiens swept all three teams they faced during the playoffs en route to their first Stanley Cup since their 1916 Cup win as a member of the NHA.
Calgary Tigers vs. Montreal Canadiens
"Montreal wins best-of-three two games to none for the Stanley Cup"
Roster.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18375472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375472" title="Station Bassins à Flot (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Bassins à Flot (Tram de Bordeaux)

Bassins à Flot station came into service 23 July 2007 on line of the tramway de Bordeaux. It is the terminus until to enlargement to Claveau in December 2008.
Situation.
The station is located on quay Bacalan in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18375473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375473" title="Marshall Perlin">
Marshall Perlin

Marshall Perlin (August 23, 1920 – December 31, 1998) was a civil-liberties lawyer, who along with Emanuel Hirsch Bloch, defended Julius and Ethel Rosenberg. He came to the trial after the sentencing, during the appeal process.
Biography.
He was born on August 23, 1920 in Manhattan and later graduated from Rutgers University. He completed Columbia Law School in 1942, but his degree was not conferred until 1947 while he served in World War II. He represented Michael Meeropol and Robert Meeropol, the children of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg after the Rosenberg's were sentenced. He was the trial lawyer for Morton Sobell, the Rosenbergs' co-defendant. He died on December 31, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18375492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375492" title="Siburius">
Siburius

Siburius ("fl." 370s), for whom only the single name survives, was a high-ranking official of the Roman Empire. He was one of several Gauls who rose to political prominence in the late 4th century as a result of the emperor Gratian's appointment of his Bordelaise tutor Ausonius to high office.
Life and career.
Like Ausonius, Siburius came from Bordeaux. The medical writer Marcellus, their countryman, places Siburius in the company of the historian Eutropius and Julius Ausonius, father of the political scholar-poet, as peers with a literary expertise in medicine.
In early 376, Siburius was "magister officiorum" under Gratian. He succeeded Ausonius as "praefectus praetorio Galliarum" (praetorian prefect of Gaul) sometime before December 3, 379, and held the office until 382, when he was succeeded by Mallius Theodorus.
Other scanty evidence of Siburius's life comes from the correspondence of the Antiochan scholar Libanius, who has one letter addressed to him and two to his son, who had the same name. Libanius also mentions Siburius once elsewhere. The son was proconsul of Palaestina Prima around 390.
Culture and religion.
Siburius is the addressee of three letters among the correspondence of Quintus Aurelius Symmachus, the advocate of religious tolerance who attempted to preserve the traditional religions of Rome at a time when Christianity had become dominant. Symmachus teases Siburius about his archaic writing style ("ἀρχαϊσμὸν scribendi"):
In the assessment of commentator Andrea Pellizzari, Siburius was indeed "un uomo di grande cultura," a highly cultured person.
Siburius's son still practiced the traditional religions of antiquity; Libanius refers to his Hellenism. If the father, as seems likely from Symmachus's remarks, also had not converted, Siburius would have been the first non-Christian to hold the prefecture of Gaul since the death of the emperor Julian, and the last to hold the office.

</doc>
<doc id="18375501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375501" title="Khandeyar">
Khandeyar

The Khandeyar are one of the two groups of the Nenets. They are also known as Forest Nenets or Forest Yurak because they live in the forest region or Taiga instead of the Tundra like the other Nenets. 
The Khandeyar speak the Forest variety of Nenets.

</doc>
<doc id="18375504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375504" title="Station Les Hangars (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Les Hangars (Tram de Bordeaux)

Les Hangars station started service 23 July 2007 on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Situation.
The station is located on quay Bacalan in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18375515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375515" title="Philippine Expeditionary Forces to Korea">
Philippine Expeditionary Forces to Korea

The Philippine Expeditionary Forces to Korea (PEFTOK) (Filipino: "Puwersang Expedisyonarya ng Pilipinas sa Korea" or "PEPK"/"Puwersang Pinadala ng Pilipinas sa Korea" or "PPPK") was the Philippine Army contingent of the United Nations forces that fought in the Korean War (1950–1953). The unit arrived in Korea in August 1950. It was composed of 7,500 troops, and was the fourth largest force under the United Nations Command. The PEFTOK took part in the Battle of Yultong Bridge and the Battle of Hill Eerie. The unit operated with the United States 1st Cavalry Division, 3rd Infantry Division, 25th Infantry Division, and 45th Infantry Division.
Units.
2nd Battalion Combat Team (BCT).
2nd BCT served in April–May 1954.
10th Battalion Combat Team (BCT).
10th BCT Tank Co Motorized ("The Fighting Filipinos") received the U.S. Gallantry Award for the April 22–23 Battle of Yultong Bridge where it suffered 10 Killed in action (KIA), 14 Missing in action (MIA), 26 Wounded in action (WIA), and 5 additional KIA in rescue efforts for UN. The total 10th BCT casualty tally for the war was 43 KIA, 9 MIA, 58 captured. It served from September 1950 to September 1951.
14th Battalion Combat Team (BCT).
The 14th BCT ("Avengers")received the following awards: South Korea Presidential Unit Citation and Philippine Presidential Unit Citation. It served from March 1953 to April 1954.
19th Battalion Combat Team (BCT).
The 19th BCT (“Bloodhounds”) received the following awards: South Korea Presidential Distinguished Unit Citation and U.S. X Corps Battle Citation. It served from April 1952 to March 1953.
20th Battalion Combat Team (BCT).
The 20th BCT suffered 13 KIA, 100 WIA, and 1 MIA. It served from April 1951 to May 1952.
Over a four-day period, from May 18 to 21, 1952, this team of Filipino soldiers saw action in the epic battles of Eerie Hill . Six officers and 22 enlisted men were honored for meritorious services by the Philippine and American governments.
Gold Cross Medals were conferred to three officers, namely: Lt. Benjamin G. Santos, Lt. Cezar Batilo and Lt. Rodolfo Maestro. The latter also received a Bronze Star medal(with 'V'{valor}Device) from the US for leading the first successful assault on May 18. Lt. Leopoldo Regis received a Distinguished Conduct Star and US Silver Star medal for leadership in the assault on May 19. Lt Fidel Ramos, who led the assault on May 21, was conferred the Military Merit medal. Capt. Rodrigo Sarmiento of the medical detachment was also given the Military Merit medal for meritorious services for the period September 12, 1951 to May 15, 1952.
112 Filipino Soldiers were Killed in Action during the Korean War.

</doc>
<doc id="18375524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375524" title="Station Cours du Médoc (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Cours du Médoc (Tram de Bordeaux)

Cours du Médoc station came into service on 23 July 2007 on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location.
The station is located on the quay Chartrons in Bordeaux, close to Cours du Médoc.

</doc>
<doc id="18375527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375527" title="How Do You Spell God?">
How Do You Spell God?

How Do You Spell God?: Answers to the Big Questions from Around the World is a book on religion by Rabbi Marc Gellman and Msgr. Thomas Hartman of "The God Squad", which answers questions about different religions. Each chapter's title is a question about any religion in general; for example, one chapter asks "What are some of the bad things in religions?", another asks "What question does each religion want to answer the most?", and another asks "What's a religion?".
Foreword.
A prologue written by the Dalai Lama introduces us to the book itself, and he tells people what to expect as they read it. He describes the connection between religion and happiness, and the importance of peace and tolerance in the world among people of different faiths.
Consumer Warning!
Rabbi Gellman and Msgr. Hartman give the reader a warning that if he/she takes religion very seriously, and if it seems to be disrespectful or funny in the wrong way, then it's the wrong book, and that their intent is to be serious and funny.
Response.
The book was recognized with the Christopher Award in 1991.
The authors were featured as animated characters in an HBO special based on the book.

</doc>
<doc id="18375532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375532" title="Well Well Well">
Well Well Well

Well Well Well may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18375537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375537" title="MeasureNet Technology Ltd.">
MeasureNet Technology Ltd.

MeasureNet Technology Ltd. is a private, limited liability partnership based in Cincinnati, Ohio manufacturing the MeasureNet System: a brand of network-based electronic data acquisition interface for science teaching laboratories.
MeasureNet networks perform data acquisition tasks using a PC-reducing network-based design that enables users to monitor, collect, store, and disseminate laboratory data, as well as share specified laboratory instruments.
History.
The company was founded in 1998 by MeasureNet System inventors Robert Voorhees, Professor Estel Sprague, and Paul McKenzie as a spin-off of their research performed at the University of Cincinnati’s Department of Chemistry. MeasureNet’s first offices were at the Hamilton County Business Center; an incubator adjacent to Xavier University in Cincinnati’s Norwood neighborhood. It has since grown to occupy a building in 2008 shared with a regional administrative center of the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration at 4240 Airport Road. This facility contains rooms for assembly, storage, and administration, as well as a wet laboratory for product development.
MeasureNet’s development evolved from the need in the early 1990s to better prepare university chemistry students for the modern workplace or upper-level laboratory that contained a plethora of various electronic data acquisition instruments. Further impetus behind the network-based design evolved from the need to reduce computer maintenance and recurring computer replacement costs associated with personal computer-based interfaces of the time.
Voorhees, Sprague, and McKenzie assembled a small proof-of-concept network in early 1993 in the Chemistry Electronics Shop with the assistance of an internal University of Cincinnati grant. In 1996 the United States National Science Foundation and Procter & Gamble Company funded 10 prototype networks with $190,000 in combined grants for use in the University's freshman chemistry laboratories. Voorhees, McKenzie, and Sprague filed an application for a U.S. patent in August 1996. The first 10 networks of the newly designed system became fully operational for student use in the autumn of 1997. The United States Patent Office then awarded the network a patent (number 5,946,471) in 1999.
Market.
An estimated 10,000 students use the system weekly in universities and college science teaching laboratories in the United State and around the world. The company’s first major adopter external to the University of Cincinnati was the Chemistry Department at the University of Northern Kentucky. Other Ohio teaching laboratories that employ MeasureNet as of 2008 include Xavier University, Miami University of Ohio, Bowling Green State University-Firelands, Lourdes College, and Mt. Vernon Nazarene College.
In 2003 MeasureNet shipped its first network in the Caribbean to Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico in Ponce and the University of Puerto Rico at Ponce. The United States Department of Commerce honored MeasureNet with an Export Achievement Award in 2007 for its ongoing international expansion.
A number of competitors manufacture PC, handheld, and calculator-based interface systems for academic science laboratories. These include U.S.-based Vernier Software & Technology of Beaverton, Oregon, Pasco of Roseville, California, and Texas Instruments of Dallas, Texas.
Innovations.
Shared Spectroscopy.
MeasureNet designed its data acquisition networks to each share a single VIS-NIR spectrometer or UV-VIS spectrometer between workstations for emission and absorption spectroscopy experiments. Typical spectrometers normally require a dedicated personal computer.
Optical Drop Counter.
In 2002 MeasureNet introduced an optical, sealed cell infrared drop counter. This design calculates titration volumes by counting titrant descending though a detector aperture as it breaks an infrared beam. The sealed-cell design protects electronics from the splashes of acids and bases and is an alternative to damage-prone wire-based designs.
Multi-Function Colorimeter.
The company introduced a multi-function dual-beam colorimeter into teaching laboratories in 2004 for the study of kinetics reactions. The device also enables the study of fluorescence, reflectance, and turbidity with select LED output in the visible, ultraviolet, and infrared ranges. In this dual-beam design, a reference cuvet sits adjacent to a sample cuvet as a split source beams passes through each liquid. The device detects transmittance through each cuvent simultaneously for enhanced data linearity.
Impacting the Environment.
The State of Ohio Department of Development awarded MeasureNet Technology Ltd. the Governor’s Award for Excellence In Energy Efficiency in 2002 for the MeasuerNet System's contributions to the environment. Impacts noted included reduced electricity consumption, landfill contamination, and air pollution versus available PC-based data acquisition interfaces for science laboratories.
Recent developments.
In an effort to give its data acquisition networks laboratory information management system or "LIMS" functionality, MeasureNet has incorporated the ability for remote storage of student data and live monitoring of acquisitions from within and outside the laboratory.
See also.
Chemical Education

</doc>
<doc id="18375544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375544" title="Matthias Barr">
Matthias Barr

Mathias Fritschler Barr (December 6, 1831, Edinburgh - ?), was a Scottish poet. 
Barr's father, Fidelie Barr, was a native of Germany, who had married the Edinburgh native Margaret Mcdonald, and carried on the business of a watchmaker in that city. Barr received a liberal education at the High School and Academy of Edinburgh, then paid a brief visit to Germany, and afterwards removed to London, where he held a respectable appointment for a number of years, devoting his leisure hours to the cultivation of his literary tastes. Among his pursuits, Barr owned a music-selling and publishing establishment in London. 
In 1865 his first-published volume of poems appeared, and he thereafter issued several short volumes of well-regarded verse. He was compared to Burns and Wordsworth in finding the inspiration of song in the most common objects. The simplest scenes, the homeliest incidents, the most common wild-flowers, were subjects addressed by Barr.

</doc>
<doc id="18375548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375548" title="Davids Island">
Davids Island

Davids Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18375549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375549" title="Karagash">
Karagash

The Karagash (or as they call themselves, Qaragashly) are one of the ethnic Tatar groups that live in the vicinity of Astrakhan, Russia. They are one of the two groups designated as the Astrakhan Tatars.

</doc>
<doc id="18375561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375561" title="Station Chartrons (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Chartrons (Tram de Bordeaux)

Chartrons station came into service on 23 July 2007 on ligne of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Situation.
The station is located on the quay of Chartrons in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18375567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375567" title="Soo (film)">
Soo (film)

Soo is a 2007 South Korean film directed by Choi Yang-il.
Plot summary.
Tae-soo tries to steal from a gang. The gang catches Tae-Soo's brother, Tae-Jin, instead. The incident causes the brothers to separate. Tae-Soo becomes a mob fixer and an assassin. Tae-Jin becomes a police detective. When a call brings the brothers together, they get ready for brotherly bonding, but Tae-Jin is killed. Tae-Soo decides to get revenge on his brother's killer.
Theatrical release.
"Soo" was released in South Korea on March 22, 2007, and was ranked fifth at the domestic box office on its opening weekend, grossing $795,086. In total it sold 218,314 tickets, and as of April 15, 2007, had a gross revenue of $1,275,162.
Critical reception.
Kevin Ma of "Lovehkfilm.com" reviewed the film saying, "Soo's concept is somewhat successful on paper because it doesn't take the easy way to revenge. In execution, Soo is wildly uneven, moving between slow exposition scenes of plot development and raw, brutal fight scenes dominated by chaos. However, it remains a compelling and violent action film thanks to Sai's fluid camerawork during the action scenes and the performances of his actors. Special kudos go to star Ji Jin-Hee, who sheds his romantic leading man reputation to become a believable killer who can stab and punch his way out of a fight. Sai also sheds the expectations put on him after Blood and Bones by delivering an arthouse spin on a straightforward revenge film. Still, the film's ultimate effectiveness remains highly debatable."
Derek Elly of "Variety.com" reviewed the film saying, "A onetime killer hits the road to self-redemption by tracking down his brother's killer in "Soo," a coolly told, often brutal yarn that remains strangely involving despite its flaws. High-concept idea -- a twin brother takes on his dead cop brother's identity to solve a crime he's also been hunted for by the cops -- has strong remake potential. Pic itself, which bombed on South Korean release in March, is more ancillary or film week fare."
A reviewer of "KoreaTimes" reviewed the film saying, "Soo is a memorable film. In Korean, "soo" means water, the very essence of life. Throughout the film Soo seeks to free his brother from "han" or spiteful grudge, as well as his own soul from staggering guilt. Even the Bad Guy wishes to spare his father the fires of hell. Choi's lasting imagery of water washing away blood suggests the pervasive human instinct to survive and the desire to purge oneself of one's impurities."

</doc>
<doc id="18375569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375569" title="Peter Stagg">
Peter Stagg

Peter Kidner Stagg (born 22 November 1941) is a former international rugby union player.
He was capped twenty-eight times as a lock for Scotland between 1965 and 1970, including one cap as a replacement.
Stagg was selected for the 1968 British Lions tour to South Africa and played in three of the four internationals against .
He played club rugby for Sale and was also invited to play with the Anti-Assassins rugby team, a side based in Cumbria in the north of England that played charity and friendly matches at home and abroad. 
In 1975 he was living in Zambia and playing rugby for the Ndola Wanderers RFC when the East African touring side the Tuskers visited. He played for Zambia in their first ever international on 31 August 1975 at Kitwe. 
Although billed as tall, there was a suggestion that Stagg was nearly six inches (15 cm) taller than his usual partner in the Scotland second row, Mike Campbell-Lamerton, who was himself about 6' 4.5" (1.95M).

</doc>
<doc id="18375575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375575" title="Karagashli">
Karagashli

Karagashli may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18375581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375581" title="M.c.A.T">
M.c.A.T

He has also produced several of DA PUMP's releases, and like DA PUMP's ISSA, is a fan of the Kamen Rider Series. He has performed various songs for the series, collaborating with RIDER CHIPS on "The people with no name," the second ending theme for "Kamen Rider 555", and on the single and with Rin' on "Flashback," the theme song for "Kamen Rider Hibiki & The Seven Fighting Demons". He has also collaborated with Avex Trax artists such as AAA, Ayumi Hamasaki, Nami Tamaki, Namie Amuro, Toshinobu Kubota, and most recently Manabu Oshio on the single "Beastie Life" released late 2007. Several other artists he has worked with appear on the second disc for his latest album "Music Conductor A·T".

</doc>
<doc id="18375615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375615" title="Utah State Route 77">
Utah State Route 77

State Route 77 (SR-77) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah, running west and south from Springville across I-15 to SR-147 in rural Utah County.
Route description.
SR-77 begins at an intersection with SR-147 north of Benjamin. It heads north on 3200 West through Lake Shore, and after a few turns near the shore of Utah Lake, and a bridge over the Spanish Fork, ends up eastbound on 4000 South. The route enters Springville as it curves into 3900 South, crossing I-15 and becoming 400 South in that city's grid. After crossing over the Union Pacific Railroad's Provo Subdivision (ex-D&RGW), SR-77 ends at US-89 (Main Street) near downtown Springville. The entire route is within the flat Utah Valley, rich farmland that was once the bed of Lake Bonneville.
History.
The state legislature designated State Route 228 in 1941, beginning at SR-147 west of Spanish Fork and heading northwest on Palmyra Drive via Palmyra and south on 3200 West to SR-115 at Benjamin. A new State Route 77 was created by the State Road Commission in 1962, connecting the planned I-15 to SR-1 (US-89) in Springville. The legislature deleted SR-228 in 1969, but the north–south piece became part of an extension of SR-77, along with a portion of 4000 South connecting the I-15/SR-77 interchange to former SR-228.
Major intersections.
The entire route is in Utah County.

</doc>
<doc id="18375639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375639" title="Kelly Norris Sarno">
Kelly Norris Sarno

Kelly Norris Sarno (born 1966 in Edmonton, Alberta) is the owner and Executive Producer of production company Symphony 19, based in Los Angeles, California.
Norris Sarno began in the music video field in 1994 in Toronto, Canada as a Line Producer for directors such as Andrew MacNaughtan and Floria Sigismondi. She is credited with producing Sigismondi's groundbreaking clip "The Beautiful People" for artist Marilyn Manson. She has line produced well over 50 music video productions for recording artists: Tricky, David Bowie, Filter (band), Barry Adamson, Great Big Sea, Esthero and others.
In 2000, Norris Sarno opened the U.S. branch of The Revolver Film Co. in Los Angeles, CA as its sole Executive Producer.
In February 2008, she was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Long Form Music Video at the 50th Grammy Awards for the film by Kenny Wayne Shepherd. The film was directed by Noble Jones.
Also in 2008, Norris Sarno Co-Executive Produced the live concert DVD The Black Parade Is Dead! by My Chemical Romance. The DVD was directed by Atom Rothlein.

</doc>
<doc id="18375657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375657" title="Keri Jones (rugby)">
Keri Jones (rugby)

William Keri Jones (born 13 January 1945 in Neath) is a Welsh dual-code international rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and '70s, playing representative level rugby union (RU) for Wales, and at club level for Cardiff RFC, as a Wing, i.e. number 11 or 14, and playing representative level rugby league (RL) for Great Britain, and at club level for Wigan, as a , i.e. number 2 or 5.
International honours (Rugby union).
Keri Jones won 5-caps for Wales (RU) while at Cardiff RFC.
Keri Jones was capped five times as a wing for Wales, winning all his caps in the 1967-68 season. He scored two tries for Wales.
Keri Jones was selected for the 1968 British Lions tour to South Africa but did not play in any of the internationals against . He did play in the match against Rhodesia and in five other games against regional opposition, scoring a try in the win over South Western Districts.
International honours (Rugby league).
Keri Jones won caps for Great Britain (RL) while at Wigan in the 1970 Rugby League World Cup against France, and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="18375658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375658" title="Graeme Fellowes">
Graeme Fellowes

Graeme Fellowes (29 January 1934 - 24 January 2013) was a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1950s and early 1960s.
After managing just eight games in his first three home and away seasons, Fellowes burst onto the scene in the 1958 finals series. He came on the field in the Semi Final against Melbourne Football Club as 19th man and the tall and lanky ruckman dominated, cementing his spot in the side for the rest of September including the 1958 premiership. 
Fellowes was a regular for the following two seasons before his knee began to fail him, eventually ending his career in 1964.
His son Wes also played for Colllingwood, winning the club Best and Fairest in 1986.
Fellowes died on 24 January 2013. On 6 March 2013, it was reported that his football memorabilia had been stolen.

</doc>
<doc id="18375682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375682" title="Faubourg Saint-Germain">
Faubourg Saint-Germain

The Faubourg Saint Germain () is an historic district of Paris. The "faubourg" has long been known as the favorite home of the French high nobility and hosts many aristocratic Hôtels particuliers. It is currently part of the 7th arrondissement.
History.
In its early history, "Faubourg Saint-Germain" was an agricultural suburb of Paris, lying west of the historical Saint-Germain-des-Prés urban district. 
In 1670, Louis XIV initiated a project of grandiose home and hospital for aged and unwell soldiers: the Invalides. The king chose a site at the western end of the Faubourg and commissioned architect Libéral Bruant. The enlarged project was completed in 1676, the river front measured 196 metres and the complex had fifteen courtyards, the largest being the "cour d'honneur" ("court of honour") for military parades. Jules Hardouin Mansart assisted the aged Bruant, and the chapel was finished in 1679 to Bruant's designs after the elder architect's death. The construction of the Invalides opened a new district to urbanizing, offering large empty spaces between the new monument and the old city limit: the Faubourg's history had started.
During the 17th century, French high nobility started to move from the central Marais, the then-aristocratic district of Paris where nobles used to build their urban mansions (see Hotel de Soubise) to the clearer, less populated and less polluted "Faubourg Saint-Germain" that soon became the new residence of French highest nobility. The district became so fashionable within the French aristocracy that the phrase "le Faubourg" has been used to describe French nobility ever since. The oldest and most prestigious families of the French nobility built outstanding residences in the area such as the Hôtel Matignon, the Hôtel de Salm or the Hôtel Biron.
After the Revolution many of these mansions, offering magnificent inner spaces, many receptions rooms and exquisite decoration, were confiscated and turned into national institutions. The French expression ""les ors de la Republique"" (literally ""the golds of the Republic""), referring to the luxurious environment of the national palaces (outstanding official residences and priceless works of art) comes from that time. 
During the Restoration of the Bourbon dynasty, the "Faubourg" recovered its past glory as the most exclusive high nobility district of Paris. Moreover, home to the Ultra Party, it was the political center of the country. The "Ultra" pushed towards counter-revolutionary laws, reinforcing Catholic Church's power ("Anti-Sacrilege Act") and voting the infamous "Loi du Milliard aux émigrés" (literally the "Emigrates' Billion Act") which was made to compensate French nobility for its Revolutionary era's loss in terms of fortune and land. 
But after the Fall of Charles X during the July Revolution, the district lost most of its political influence. During the July Monarchy, from 1830 to 1848, when the junior Orleanist branch held the throne, the "Faubourg" was politically marginalized, many noble family withdrawing from active participation in political life to their castles, urban mansions in the "Faubourg" and passive but brilliant social life. Therefore, the "Faubourg" remained the center of French upper class' social life. Nowadays, the "Faubourg"-as the rest of the 7th arrondissement- is still is one of the most exclusive districts of Paris (see "Paris Ouest").
Geography.
The "Faubourg Saint-Germain" is the eastern part of the current 7th arrondissement, roughly the area between the Invalides and the 6th arrondissement's border. The neighborhood is bounded by the Seine River on the north, the Esplanade des Invalides/Boulevard des Invalides on the west, rue de Sèvres on the south, and rue des Saint-Pères on the east.

</doc>
<doc id="18375692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375692" title="Davids Island (Nunavut)">
Davids Island (Nunavut)

Davids Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut. It is an irregularly shaped Baffin Island offshore island, located in Admiralty Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="18375700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375700" title="StreetCred">
StreetCred

StreetCred was a social networking website focusing on the hip-hop culture. The site is made up of those who identify with the hip-hop culture, including artists, producers and fans. There are tools and features to allow them to interact, and view user-generated content as well as content provided by major music record labels. Content comes from signed deals with Universal, Sony/BMG, and Warner Bros. Records to distribute songs and videos on the site Members are able to access chat forums, theme clubs, personal profiles, videos, photos, music, and upload user generated content.
History.
StreetCred.com was founded in 2007 by Rocky Williform, an ex-hostile takeover investment banker and co-founder of Atlanta food and beverage company BodyBlocks Nutrition Systems Inc . Williform has stated that Streetcred.com was founded as "hip-hop centric, interactive social media network that aggregates the hip-hop culture onto a single global platform" and is endorsed by Atlanta, Hip-Hop artist/actor T.I. .
The company began development, leading to private beta, and was subsequently introduced, by rapper and actor T.I., on July 18, 2007 on BET's 106 & Park. The network was officially launched in September 2007 and has since been embraced by numerous Hip hop icons, including the likes of Sean Combs, Snoop Dogg, Nelly, Lupe Fiasco, T-Pain, T.I. and Lil' Kim. All of these artist have uploaded video drops onto StreetCred.com. Membership is free and the site is open to the public (13 and up).
The site appears to have shut down since December 2008 as only a we'll be back soon message appears on the homepage. 
The site's URL currently (as of June 2013) redirects to hiphopblog.com, which hosts similar content and also appears be associated with Williform. 
Exclusive content and video premiers released on the network has included several videos and news releases from rapper T.I., and a video by B.G. (rapper). While on house arrest for gun charges, on November 12, 2007, T.I. posted a video from his home in Atlanta, GA. MTV also posted an article entitled “T.I. Breaks Silence On His Web Site, Proclaims 'The King Ain't Dead' In Video Statement On April 29, 2008, T.I. released his single “No Matter What” off of the forthcoming Paper Trail album exclusively on the website. B.G. exclusively previewed his video for “For a Minute” on January 1, 2008.
Podcasts.
CEO, Rocky Williform, was interviewed by Black Web 2.0 on Tuesday, October 2, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18375703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375703" title="Dos (Dos album)">
Dos (Dos album)

Dos was the first album recorded by the band Dos. It is a curious yet interesting double bass guitar side project for Mike Watt (of the Minutemen and Firehose) and his former wife, Kira Roessler (from Black Flag). Formed as a vehicle to take the bass beyond its perceived background role and into the forefront of a band, Dos also became a therapeutic experience in the wake of Roessler's departure from Black Flag and, more tragically, Minutemen D. Boon's sudden death on December 22, 1985. After exchanging demos for the better part of 1986 (Roessler had moved to Connecticut), the duo reconvened to record their self-titled debut late in the year, subsequently releasing it on Watt's own New Alliance Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="18375719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375719" title="Khachatryan">
Khachatryan

Khachatryan or Khachatrian () is an Armenian surname. It can refer to the following people:
and objects:

</doc>
<doc id="18375725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375725" title="Kashgartsy">
Kashgartsy

The Kashgartsy or Kashgars were a group of Uigurs who migrated from Kashgar to the Russian Empire during the 18th and 19th Centuries. Prior to the 1930s they were classed as a separate ethnic group. The 1926 census counted 13,010 Kashgars in the Soviet Union.
Despite their reclassification, there were 18 people who self reported being Kashgars in the 2002 Census of Russia. However since most of the Kashgars had initially migrated to Kazakhstan, Uzbekstan and Kyrgistan, this low number in Russia tells us little about how most Kashgars self-identify.

</doc>
<doc id="18375742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375742" title="Manteaux">
Manteaux


</doc>
<doc id="18375766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375766" title="List of Kung Fu Panda characters">
List of Kung Fu Panda characters

The following is a list of characters from DreamWorks animated film media franchise "Kung Fu Panda", with their shorts and specials "Secrets of the Furious Five", "Kung Fu Panda Holiday", and ', as well as the video games and TV show '.
The world of "Kung Fu Panda" is a fantasized version of ancient China as typically depicted in the wuxia film genre populated by anthropomorphized animals where the martial arts can have magical qualities on top of extraordinary physical prowess for those sufficiently skilled.
Po.
Po Ping is the titular protagonist of the "Kung Fu Panda" franchise. He is a giant panda who was improbably chosen as the Dragon Warrior, champion of the Valley of Peace in the first movie. Although highly doubted as such, the giant panda proved himself worthy as a formidable warrior in unexpected ways. The adoptive son of Mr. Ping, a goose who owns a noodle restaurant. Po is one of Master Shifu's students, the prophesied Dragon Warrior, and the warrior of black and white (as revealed in "Kung Fu Panda 2").
In the first movie, Po is shown to be living with his father Mr. Ping and working at his noodle restaurant, dreaming of a life as a celebrated kung fu master. However, because of his excessive weight and work fueling a crippling self-loathing, he cannot achieve this dream. However, to his surprise, he is chosen to be the legendary dragon warrior seemingly by accident: when having arrived late to the Dragon Warrior's selection ceremony, his attempts to get over the Palace walls to see the event results in him conspicuously crashing into the middle of the crowd and being picked as the new Dragon Warrior. He is also shown to be battling terrible self-loathing, but this appears to be neutralized as he defeats Tai Lung (the main antagonist). He is capable of impressive feats when motivated by food (which Shifu actually uses to train him).
In the second movie, Po is shown to have had a traumatic childhood, with his mother being killed saving him, and his father being separated from him during a panda genocide led by Lord Shen. This is why, at first, he seemed unable to achieve inner peace. After being told by the Soothsayer that it is not the past that shapes the person, however, he realizes that he has led a happy and fulfilling life despite his tragic upbringing.
Po is often flustered and clumsy, but generally laid back and easy going. While he seems childish and overenthusiastic at times, he has a deep appreciation of the martial arts in all its aspects. As a result, Po is a formidable warrior who is not only capable of teaching the discipline's philosophical and physical elements, but is also able to learn traditional techniques quickly with the right instruction while developing powerful innovations.
In "", Po is shown to be helping Master Shifu and the Furious Five into defending the Valley of Peace from villains of different kind. All the while, Po makes mistakes, learns lessons, learns more about the history of Kung Fu, and meets famous Kung Fu masters like him. 
Master Shifu.
Master Shifu is a grey coated Red Panda who was Oogway's student and the trainer and master of Po and the Furious Five, as well as Tai Lung. In the TV show, it is revealed that Master Shifu has a father, an incorrigible confidence artist who used him as a shill when he was a child. Eventually, Shifu's father left him at the Jade Palace, a deed that emotionally scarred Shifu for years, and Master Oogway took custody of the abandoned cub and trained him in the martial arts. It was discovered that he was once a member of the original Furious Five in the TV series nicknamed Sea food.
In the first movie, Shifu is quite often shown to be angered, frustrated, despairing or worried, at first for unknown reason. However, it is later revealed that the main antagonist, Tai Lung, is Shifu's adoptive son, who he trained, loved and raised as if he were his own. As Tigress says, "Shifu loved Tai Lung like he had never loved anyone before. Or since." This extends to Po who was dubbed the Dragon Warrior against all logic from Shifu's point of view. Shifu's initial hostility to the giant panda fades upon learning his considerable latent talent for the martial arts. After Tai Lung's defeat, Shifu gains inner peace, knowing that the valley is safe from Tai Lung's bitterness about being refused the dragon scroll.
In the second movie, Shifu is now much more relaxed and is therefore a much better master to Po and The Five than he used to be. However, he loses inner peace after Po is seemingly killed by one of Lord Shen's cannons. He does not regain inner peace until after Shen is defeated.
He has a strict sensible personality that makes Po consider him too uptight, but he is kind and warm spirited. He is shown to be good with children, having adopted two, Tai Lung and Tigress. However, Shifu's care was flawed considering Tai Lung grew to become an arrogant warrior under his instruction who went on a destructive rampage when Oogway denied him the status of Dragon Warrior, and Tigress felt too often unloved by her embittered adopted father who wanted to prevent her from sharing Tai Lung's fate. He also has a large mouth, shown to be able to hold about ten dumplings. Shifu knows the nerve strike, although he is never shown to use it, and he also knows how to heal the aftermath of a nerve strike.
In "", Shifu is the Master of the Jade Palace while training Po and the Furious Five. It is revealed that he has several old rivals who are villains throughout the series. He also has a father named Shirong.
His name is redundant as Shifu means master in Mandarin.
Grand Master Oogway.
Grand Master Oogway was an elderly tortoise and the previous senior master of the Jade Palace. In the film's fictional universe, he is the founder of kung fu itself.
Not much is revealed about Grand Master Oogway's past life, although in one of the Kung Fu Panda Legends of Awesomeness episodes it is revealed that the Jade Palace was built to honor him. However, it is implied that he was probably full of questions as a youth, which led to his departure from his home in the Galápagos Islands on a journey of discovery almost a thousand years ago, traveling all around the world and visiting every country until he arrived in China. Grand Master Oogway stood on a hill overlooking the land that would later become known as the Valley of Peace and knew that he had found the place he would call home for the rest of his life.
Highly venerated for his wisdom, knowledge and experience, Oogway was considered to be a sage. It is also apparent that he seemed to be reckoned as a god in the art of Kung Fu, as he was greatly respected by Shifu, the Furious Five, Po, the entire Valley of Peace, and all of China. He is wise and possesses considerable physical skill. He is the only one that Tai Lung could not defeat, instantly paralyzing him. His selection of Po as the Dragon Warrior was strongly doubted by all, especially Po himself, but he stood by his decision, which proved to be the correct one. After convincing Shifu to train Po, Oogway ascended to the Heavens in the midst of dozens of peach blossom petals floating away in the cold night breeze as he disappeared. Among all the proverbs he recites, his most recurring is "There are no accidents."
He makes a cameo in the second film's opening, in place of the moon boy in the DreamWorks logo, and during a flashback wherein Po recounts all the major happenings of his life, including the day he was chosen as the Dragon Warrior. In the accompanying film "", it is revealed that Oogway was responsible for uniting the masters Thundering Rhino, Storming Ox, and Croc for the first time. After observing the trio as dishonorable streetfighters and learning of the return of the evil Wu Sisters, Oogway led them on a quest to defeat the villains, leading to the trio's reformation and their part in forming the Masters Council.
More of Grand Master Oogway's past was revealed in "". It was shown that Grand Master Oogway broke the Valley of Peace's citizens from Scorpion's hypnosis, fended off his former student Fenghuang, saved the valley from evil demons and their leader Ke-Pa, chose Shifu to run the Jade Palace instead of Junjie, and imprisoned Master Ding in Mugu Mountain after separating him from his Spirit Orbs. In "Ghost of Oogway," Junjie assumed the form of Oogway to trick Po and the Furious Five into letting their guard down. Shifu later assumed the form of the ghost of Grand Master Oogway to fool Junjie. Following Junjie's defeat, Shifu stated to Po that he knew Junjie was impersonating Grand Master Oogway because the real Grand Master Oogway never said "awesome." In the episode's final scene, it was shown that the real ghost of Grand Master Oogway was watching the battle from the peach tree and stated "awesome" before ascending back to the heavens.
"Oogway" is the English approximation of the Chinese word for "turtle" (simplified Chinese: 乌龟; traditional Chinese: 烏龜; pinyin: wūguī).
The Furious Five.
The Furious Five are the supporting protagonists of the franchise with the exception of Oogway, Shifu, Po and Tai Lung, the Furious Five are deemed the most skilled warriors in China. The Five were all trained by Shifu, and are homages to the Crane, Snake, Monkey, Praying Mantis, and Tiger styles of Chinese martial arts. The Furious Five initially refused to believe that Po was the Dragon Warrior, but later grew to respect his courage and tenacity. When Tai Lung was defeated by Po in single combat, they were convinced enough to bow to the giant panda as a master.
Po has become fast friends with the Five and regularly fights alongside them and they have incorporated their group tactics with him to become an even more formidable fighting force. Discussing Po's new placement with the Furious Five in "Kung Fu Panda 2", Jack Black has regarded Po as the "technical leader" of the quintet. However, because he is "still finding his way" through his insecurities and clumsiness, the group doesn't become the "Furious Six", but rather "The Furious Five and the Dragon Warrior" — with Master Tigress as the "real" leader according to Black.
In the "" episode "Owl Be Back," it was revealed that there had been other members of the Furious Five before Tigress, Monkey, Viper, Mantis, and Crane back when Master Oogway was still alive. The original line-up consisted of Shifu, Fenghuang, an unnamed rooster, an unnamed snow leopard, and an unnamed Asian elephant.
Master Tigress.
Master Tigress is a South China Tiger who is the strongest and boldest of the Furious Five. Tigress bitterly resented Po when he was chosen to be the Dragon Warrior instead of her, and was the most vocal of the Five in her contempt for the panda even while her comrades grew to respect him. On his first night, she firmly told Po he didn't belong at the Jade Palace, coldly proclaiming that he was a disgrace to kung fu, and that he should leave. Though dejected, Po eventually chose to stay.
After the passing of Oogway and news that Tai Lung had escaped prison, Tigress overheard Po protesting to Shifu that he would never be able to defeat Tai Lung. Tigress took it upon herself to intercept the incoming villain, along with the rest of the Five. However, they were all defeated by Tai Lung's superior martial skill and nerve attack. At the order of Shifu, Tigress and the rest of the Five evacuated the Valley without question. When Po defeats Tai Lung, Tigress is the first to acknowledge him as a master of kung fu, giving him a smile and bowing to him in respect, with the rest of the Five following suit.
In "Secrets of the Furious Five", Tigress was revealed to be an orphan living in the Bao Gu Orphanage where she was greatly feared by the other children and the matron due to her destructive temper and strength. Isolated in her room for the safety of the other children, she began to see herself as a monster, as everyone else did. Shifu, at the request of the orphanage, came to teach her to control herself by playing dominoes, which required discipline, grace, and precision. After months of training, Tigress learned to control both her anger and her movements. However, she was still feared by all potential parents who visited the orphanage, and Shifu soon took her in as a foster daughter, giving a small but genuine smile to her as they walked towards Tigress' new home, the Jade Palace. However, Shifu still carried the emotional scars of previous events, and was strict and distant in her upbringing. An adult Tigress explained that Shifu loved Tai Lung like no other person before or since, including her.
In spite of her temperate, stoic, and sometimes cold attitude, Tigress is probably the most loyal of the Five, extremely dedicated to the well-being of the Valley of Peace. As the "leader" of the group, Tigress holds an enormous sense of responsibility, and has no greater ambition than to protect the Valley and perfect her own skills.
However, through Po's single comment in the "Kung Fu Panda 2" that she's so hardcore she "can't feel anything", Tigress begins to question how others perceive her. She has also become a close friend to Po, and better understands his foibles, fighting closely with the panda and using tandem combat techniques they have developed together. While still direct and commanding, she is also protective of Po, as shown by her efforts to keep him from fighting Lord Shen after he freezes in front of the peacock, explaining that she "can't watch (her) friend be killed". Additionally, she later pushes him out of the way when Lord Shen fires his canon at him a second time. Po reciprocates this closeness to her immediately after that sacrifice with him and all his comrades strewn half-conscious about in the bay; namely, he swims to her alone in deep concern for her well being. After Po's single-handed defeat of the peacock, Tigress helps him out of the water before complimenting him for his astounding victory, which Po silently answers with a hug.
Tigress also displays a caring personality towards infants. At the end of the original film, when Tai Lung is defeated, she is seen holding a rabbit child and protecting it from the blast's shockwave. In "Kung Fu Panda Holiday Special", she playfully feeds one of the village piglets during the festival.
In "", it is revealed that Tigress was left at the Bao Gu Orphanage by her parents. It is also shown that she was, at one point, not good with children. Tigress appears to be more stern and irritable throughout the series, and gets agitated with Po more than any of the rest of the Five. Despite this, she is still a dedicated warrior and friend.
Master Monkey.
Master Monkey is a Gee's Golden Langur who is the friendliest and most approachable of the Five. Monkey was the first of the five to recognize Po's determination and was at first, the only member of the Furious Five who referred to Po by name. He also seems to harbor the strongest sense of humor within the Five as well, responding most strongly to Po's sense of comedy. Unlike the others, Master Monkey prefers to use a weapon in combat. He uses a staff, a traditional weapon used in Kung Fu and other martial arts and strongly associated with the legendary Monkey King Sun Wukong.
Before he became a kung fu warrior, it is known in the "Secrets of the Furious Five" that Monkey was the village trickster when he was a teenager, often making people slip on banana peels and/or pantsing them in revenge for an incident in his youth that resulted in him becoming a laughingstock. The townspeople sent many powerful warriors, including rhinoceros guards from Chorh-Gom Prison, to force him out of town dead or alive, but Monkey humiliated each and every one of them (by swiping their belts off, resulting in their pants falling down). Monkey was finally subdued by Master Oogway, who, aside from wearing no pants, also used his shell to hide from Monkey's attacks. Oogway taught Monkey compassion by saving him from a falling beam, sensing the pain of what caused Monkey's actions. Instead of making him leave, Oogway convinced him to stay and use his skills for good, which led Monkey to develop into the warrior he is today.
In "Kung Fu Panda 2", Monkey continues to provide much of the humor. When they break into the prison to free Master Ox and Master Croc, he offers to stand watch and make crane noises if the guards come into view—insulting Crane, who asks indignantly when he's ever made such noises. Monkey is also the first to try to rally the Furious Five after Po seemingly dies and the group is in chains, heading for execution. He turns to Tigress in this time, and seems to look to her for reassurance.
In the "" episode "Monkey in the Middle," it is revealed that Master Monkey has a criminal older brother named Wu Kong who is the self-proclaimed "King of Thieves." He also had a mother who died from shock and grief after seeing her two sons fight. Despite this tragedy, Monkey is shown to be a prankster who is often having fun and joking around with Po, whom he sees as a brother.
Master Viper.
Master Viper is a green tree viper with two small lotus flowers on top of her head. Although she has a serious birth defect for her species, being born with barely visible venomous fangs, she compensates with her strength, sinuous nature, beauty, and precision. In defiance of the villainous stereotype of snakes, Viper is the most charming, kind, compassionate and sweetest of the Five as demonstrated with her quickly developing empathy for Po as his indomitable tenacity became obvious and being the only one who didn't mock him in any way. She also acts as the "mother hen" of the group, trying to diffuse arguments and conflicts between her friends and their differing personalities.
In "Secrets of the Furious Five", Viper was revealed to be daughter of Great Master Viper, protector of the village where she lived who relied on his venomous fangs to fell his enemies (referred to by Po, and later on by the Great Master as the awe-inspiring awesomeness of his "Poison Fang Technique"), and his beautiful wife. The Great Master hoped she would carry on his legacy once she was born, but she was without fangs and never developed them as she grew up, much to the dismay of her father. To make her father feel better, Viper took up ribbon dancing at age six, blossoming into the best dancer in the village. During one Autumn Moon Festival, Viper was too timid to attend the festival and stayed home with her mother. But when her father fought against a gorilla bandit who attacked the village and used venom-proof armor to shatter the Great Master's poison fangs, Viper, seeing him in trouble, mustered the courage she needed to defeat the gorilla by confusing him with her dancing skills and tying him up with her ribbon. Thus her father's legacy was secure with his daughter becoming a mighty warrior on her own terms.
In "Kung Fu Panda Holiday", it is revealed that Viper has sisters whom she loved to cook with during the Winter Feast, but in Secrets of the Furious Five, she is shown as an only child. It may be possible that Viper is merely the firstborn in her family and her sisters could all be younger siblings, though this remains unconfirmed.
In "Kung Fu Panda 2", Viper is shown to be the most transparent in her feelings and the most openly compassionate. When the group, hidden inside a Chinese dragon costume, witness the wolves' brutal treatment of the peasants of Gongmen City, Viper's face is shown to be openly horrified. She is also shown to be able to pick locks with her tail, and in "Ladies of the Shade" she can swallow things for a while.
Master Mantis.
Master Mantis is a Chinese Mantis who is the smallest of the Five, but he is obviously the strongest proportional to his size. He can perform such feats as throwing Po and single-handedly holding up a severed rope bridge burdened by most of his comrades and Tai Lung and still have the strength to snap the bridge when needed. He is also a skilled acupuncturist, although his success does depend on the type of body he is working with; a body like that of Po can sometimes give him problems until he familiarizes himself with the particular anatomy (one time, he accidentally tweaked Po's facial nerve, causing the panda to pull a face, which Tigress took as an offensive gesture). Pragmatic and open minded with a dry sense of humor, Mantis was the first of the five to develop acceptance and liking of Po as a person, alongside the factor of Po's girth, declaring size did little to define a warrior and could actually be used as an advantage no matter what style one practices. An unused line from the movie is Mantis saying, "I've got to admit, that panda has a lot of heart. And he's incredibly fun to watch bounce."
When he was a few years younger (in "Secrets of the Furious Five"), Mantis was extremely impatient, feeling that the world was too slow for him and he was too fast for the world. On a mission to retrieve wool coats back from the Wool Stealing Crocodile Bandits (it is unknown if he met Master Croc back then), he was captured due to his overconfidence and lack of listening skills when one of the sheep villagers tried to warn him of the bandits' traps. Mantis was locked in a cage for days and forced to sit and wait for something to happen, and he entered a trance that allowed him to survey the world moving faster than he did. This allowed him to develop the patience needed to devise a plan of escape, playing dead to trick the crocodiles into opening his cage and defeat them.
In the sequel, Mantis' background is further revealed. When the group interrupts Po and Tigress in an effort to give "emotional support", Mantis says wistfully that he never got to know his father, because his mother ate his father's head. Later, when it seems as if they are about to die, Mantis sighs that he always expected to settle down with "a nice girl who would later eat my head."
Mantis is also shown to be able to move at inhuman speeds and break metal with his super strength.
In "", Mantis has had two relationships, with a caterpillar and a female mantis named Hao Ming, and is shown to be an emotional wreck when he is dumped. This ties in with his remarks in the second film about wanting to settle down.
Master Crane.
Master Crane is a Black-Necked Crane who is the most patient of the Five and one of the most sarcastic. During combat situations, especially in dangerous locations where fatal falls are possible, Crane will fly around the combat zone, surveying the area as a scout for tactical advantage as well as catching any of his comrades if they do fall. If necessary, he is strong enough to carry all of the Five in the air, but this is very taxing for him. He was the first of the Five to hold a conversation with Po, albeit it being quite awkward. Nonetheless, touched by Po's dedication and admiration of the Five led Crane to have some respect for Po.
In "Secrets of the Furious Five", Crane was the slave-like janitor at the Lee Da Kung Fu Academy, where everybody looked down upon him, even the strict teacher of the academy due to his particularly skinny build. However, the top student Mei Ling saw the skills which Crane used to tidy up the place every night, and convinced Crane to try out for the school. Though his nerve faltered at first, Crane accidentally wandered into the obstacle course demanding eligibility from prospective students and quickly found the confidence to surpass it, and passed with flying colors.
In "Kung Fu Panda 2", Crane is shown to be the one responsible for carrying Po around. Unlike Tigress, Viper, Monkey, and Mantis, the panda is unable to fall from great heights and land safely on his feet, so Crane basically breaks his fall when needed. He is shown to be insulted when Po and Monkey insinuate that the noise "Caw-Caw, Kee-Kee," are Crane noises, asking when he's ever made any noises like that, ironically proving he does make these noises when he performs 'Wings of Justice' during the attempt to blockade Shen's fleet.
When Tigress forces Po to stay behind on the basis that she "can't watch my friend be killed." Crane asks hopefully "Hey, uh...maybe you can't watch ME be killed?" to which she tells him to stop being a wimp. In the end of the film, Crane is shocked with the rest of the Five to see Po hugging Tigress, saying "Don't ever do that again, please?" as he hugs him with the others.
Kung Fu Council of Gongmen City.
The Kung Fu Council (AKA the Master's Council) are a group of renowned Kung Fu Masters who are the protectors of the metropolis of Gongmen City. They have governed the city after the parents of Lord Shen had passed on.
Master Thundering Rhino.
Master Thundering Rhino is shown to be the leader of the Kung Fu Council that protects the metropolis of Gongmen City. He is strong, fast, and said to have an "impenetrable horn defense." He wields a battle hammer called the Cloud Hammer and uses it easily. His father is said to be the "Legendary Master Flying Rhino." In his early adventures, he became legendary in his own right by slaying the Ten Thousand Serpents in the Valley of Woe. When he was in Gongmen City, he trained a young Storming Ox in the art of Kung Fu. He later had an encounter with Croc (who at the time was a member of the Wool Stealing Crocodile Bandits) and the two of them fought where Master Thundering Rhino spared Croc (who ended up giving up his criminal ways and sided with Master Thundering Rhino).
In "", Master Thundering Rhino (alongside Master Storming Ox and Master Croc) were seen in a street fight in the city of Jinzhou. They were approached by Grand Master Oogway who gave them the task of stopping the Wu Sisters at Hubei Volcano. During this time, there was a deep seated need of Thundering Rhino to win his father's respect. Master Thundering Rhino, Master Storming Ox, and Master Croc managed to defeat the Wu Sisters. In the present, it was shown that Master Thundering Rhino used to wield an unnamed staff (which he used to liberate the village of Wen Shen) which is now on display in the Hall of Warriors.
In "Kung Fu Panda 2", he was first seen training with Master Storming Ox and Master Croc when Lord Shen arrives telling them to leave. Master Thundering Rhino objected to this and he alongside Master Storming Ox and Master Croc ended up fighting Lord Shen. When Master Storming Ox and Master Croc were defeated, Lord Shen's weapons were broken by Master Thundering Rhino whom he called a show-off. When Thundering Rhino warned him he was no match for Kung Fu, Shen agreed with him before revealing his great cannon weapon as he quoted "But THIS is!" The first cannonball from the cannon is what killed Master Thundering Rhino. Master Thundering Rhino's Cloud Hammer was left mounted in the palace's center square by Lord Shen as both a warning to anyone who opposes him and as a victory trophy. The Furious Five, Po, and Master Shifu receive word that he is dead and travel to Gongmen City to stop Lord Shen.
Master Storming Ox.
Master Storming Ox is one of the Masters of Gongmen City and a councilor as well. When he was young, he was trained in the art of Kung Fu by Master Thundering Rhino who found him having snuck into the Royal Palace. It was mentioned by Po that he once fought two hundred rat bandits in the rice fields of the Wing Cho province.
In "", Master Storming Ox (alongside Master Thundering Rhino and Master Croc) were seen in a street fight in the city of Jinzhou. They were approached by Grand Master Oogway who gave them the task of stopping the Wu Sisters at Hubei Volcano. Master Thundering Rhino, Master Storming Ox, and Master Croc managed to defeat the Wu Sisters. In the present, it was shown that Master Storming Ox used to wield an unnamed sword (which he once used to defeat the Macau Marauders) which is now on display in the Hall of Warriors.
In "Kung Fu Panda 2", he was training with Master Thundering Rhino and Master Croc. Lord Shen arrived and told them to leave. The three objected to this and ended up attacking Lord Shen only for Storming Ox and Croc to be defeated. When the Furious Five and Po travel to Gongmen City, they find him and Master Croc still alive and imprisoned in the Gongmen City Jail. However, Master Storming Ox refuses to join them saying that if he does, Lord Shen will use the Weapon on the city and kill everyone and that Kung Fu is dead. He later changes his mind and joins them for the last battle saying that "their friend (who later turns out to be Master Shifu) is very persuasive."
He has his own section in the KFP comic "Kung Fu Panda: Art of Balance" chapter "One Set of Horns."
In the "Kung Fu Panda 2" video game, Master Storming Ox is the one who tells Po about the Komodo Dragons that once attacked Gongmen City when one of them is sighted in the sewers.
Master Storming Ox is an expert strategist with the ability to pinpoint an enemy's weakspot. His horns can penetrate anything.
Master Croc.
Master Croc is one of the Masters of Gongmen City and member of the Kung Fu Council. He is a crocodile with a spiked metal ball on the tip of his tail and extreme fighting skills both in and out of water. He was once the head of the infamous Wool Stealing Crocodile Bandits of Crocodile Island (the very same bandits Mantis encountered in his youth) until he crossed paths with Master Thundering Rhino. After the fight and inspired by the master sparing him, he gave up on being a bandit and eventually came to sit at Thundering Rhino's side as a member of the Kung Fu Council. One of Master Croc's known heroics is when he had managed to defeat the Badger Bandits.
In "", Master Storming Ox (alongside Master Thundering Rhino and Master Croc) were seen in a street fight in the city of Jinzhou. They were approached by Grand Master Oogway who gave them the task of stopping the Wu Sisters at Hubei Volcano. Master Thundering Rhino, Master Storming Ox, and Master Croc managed to defeat the Wu Sisters. In the present, it was shown that Master Croc used to wear a cape which is now on display in the Hall of Warriors.
In "Kung Fu Panda 2", he was training with Master Thundering Rhino and Master Storming Ox. Lord Shen arrived told them to leave. The three objected to this and ended up attacking Lord Shen only for Storming Ox and Croc to be defeated. He too gives up after being defeated by the Weapon, but unlike Master Storming Ox, who is visibly angry at Po's insistence that they fight, Croc is more resigned. He is obviously less aggressive than Master Storming Ox, and visibly winces when Tigress rebuffs every single one of Po's attempts to leave the jail when she tells him to stay behind. He also joins in the final fight after Shifu's persuading.
Master Boar.
Master Boar was a Kung Fu Master who was supposed to appear as a member of the Kung Fu Council in "Kung Fu Panda 2", but was scrapped.
According to modeling supervisor Jason Turner, it was a challenge to animate Master Boar since his fat tends to get in his way when he leans down not unlike the challenges the animators had to face with Po.
His design was used for an inmate in the Gongmen Palace's dungeon with the inmate voiced by Conrad Vernon. Similar boar bandits appeared in "Kung Fu Panda Holiday".
Other Kung Fu Masters.
The following Kung Fu Masters were featured or mentioned in "Secrets of the Furious Five", "Kung Fu Panda Holiday Special", and any other Kung Fu Panda-related media.
Master Antelope.
Master Antelope is a Kung Fu Master who was featured in the digital comic "Legend of the Legendary Warrior." Not much is known about her except for the fact that she took part in a Kung Fu Tournament at the Jade Palace.
Master Bull.
Master Bull is a Kung Fu Master who was featured in the digital comic "Legend of the Legendary Warrior." Not much is known about him except for the fact that he took part in a Kung Fu Tournament at the Jade Palace. In the Hall of Warriors, he is shown to have a portrait where he is holding two spiked hammer-like weapons. The caption under the portrait says that he is the "Master of the Hammering Headache" technique.
Master Bull is also featured in "Kung Fu Panda World" where he rarely appears at the Sacred Peaks. When the player sits on the rocks in a certain pattern, they can click him and a mini-game will activate where the player has to protect the Valley of Peace from Tai Lung's minions.
Master Frog.
Master Frog is a Kung Fu Master who was featured in the digital comic "Legend of the Legendary Warrior." Not much is known about him except for the fact that he took part in a Kung Fu Tournament at the Jade Palace. In the Hall of Warriors, he has his own painting with a caption under the portrait that says "Beware his Musical Mayhem Attack."
Master Frog is also featured in "Kung Fu Panda World" where he is seen in Lily Pad Marsh sitting on the head of Master Monkey's Statue. When clicked upon, Master Frog will flicker his tongue, jump from the hands of Master Monkey's statue, leap into the water, and float back up to the statue. Also in the game, he has a scroll named after himself called "Master Frog's Leap."
Master Golden Takin.
Master Golden Takin is a Kung Fu Master. Not much is known about him except for the fact that he was credited as the builder of the 900-year-old Training Hall and was appointed as the first martial arts instructor by Grand Master Oogway.
Master Leopard.
Master Leopard is a Kung Fu Master who is briefly featured in the digital comic "Legend of the Legendary Warrior." Not much is known about Master Leopard or if it's his real name or not.
Master Dog.
Master Dog is a Kung Fu Master who was briefly mentioned. Not much is known about him and it was said that he was granted a set of ninja weapons that were forged by the father of Lady Blossom when it came to rescuing her.
His weapons were seen in the Hall of Warriors as seen in "Kung Fu Panda".
Master Wolf.
Master Wolf is a Kung Fu Master who was briefly seen in the digital comic "Legend of the Legendary Warrior."
Grand Twin Weasels.
The Grand Twin Weasels are two venerated Kung Fu Masters. Not much is known about them except that they are masters of the ring blades which can cut through stone. When their opponents see their weapons the battle is automatically decided.
Their blades are seen in the Hall of Warriors as seen in "Kung Fu Panda".
Master Flying Rhino.
Master Flying Rhino is a Kung Fu Master who is the father and trainer of Master Thundering Rhino. He once used an armor in a bloody fight against the warriors of the Guangdong Province. Although he triumphed in that battle, his armor still bears the battle scars caused by the butterfly knives used by the lizard assassins that managed to get close to him. There was also a reference that Master Flying Rhino has also trained Commander Vachir and had recommended him to Grand Master Oogway to be in charge of Tai Lung's incarceration at Chorh-Gom Prison as Master Flying Rhino stated that Commander Vachir was brave enough, strong enough, and ruthless enough for the job.
His armor is on display at the Jade Palace as seen in "Kung Fu Panda".
Great Master Viper.
Great Master Viper is a Kung Fu Master who is the father of Master Viper and the last known leader of the Viper Clan. Not much is known about Great Master Viper's past before the birth of his daughter Viper. What is known about him according to Po is that he was the greatest known leader and warrior of the Viper Clan, as well as the sole protector of Viper's home village, highly dependent on his "Poison Fang Technique," with which he used his venomous fangs to fell his enemies. Given that his venom was deadly enough to fell fifteen gorilla warriors and a mid-sized crocodile (according to Po), he quickly built up his legacy and became greatly feared by his enemies. As is shown in Secrets of the Furious Five, Great Master Viper was shocked when Viper was born without fangs, prompting him to not pay her much attention as she grew up since he thought there was no point teaching her kung fu if she couldn't use "Poison Fang". Consequently, Viper instead took up ribbon dancing to cheer her father up. She finally got her chance to prove herself when a ferocious gorilla bandit took the precaution of wearing armour and broke Great Master Viper's fangs, with Viper then tying the bandit up with her ribbon and saving her father's life.
Master Eagle.
Master Eagle is a Kung Fu Master who was referenced in "". Not much is known about him except for the fact that he once owned the Blade of Bao Ding which he used to defeat the Hyenas of Handan as mentioned by Po. His weapon is on display in the Hall of Warriors.
Master Rhino.
Master Rhino is a Kung Fu Master who was among the twenty-nine representatives at the Jade Palace's formal Winter Feast dinner from one of the unnamed Kung Fu schools in China to which he is the master over. Out of the twenty-nine representatives present, he and Master Sheep were the only ones named. It is unknown if he has any relations to Master Flying Rhino or Master Thundering Rhino.
Master Sheep.
Master Sheep is a Kung Fu Master who was among the twenty-nine representatives at the Jade Palace's formal Winter Feast dinner from one of the unnamed Kung Fu schools in China to which he is the master over. Out of the twenty-nine representatives present, only he and Master Rhino were the only ones named.
Master Chao.
Master Chao is a Kung Fu Master and amongst the hierarchy of the Sacred Onyx Council, one of the most elite in China. He appeared in the episode "Sight for Sore Eyes" where he and Master Junjie visited Master Shifu at the Jade Palace to determine his qualifications as Master of the Jade Palace. He, Master Shifu, and Master Junjie ended up doing their usual sparring with Po secretly watching under Junjie's request where Master Junjie used a Golden Lotus Clap which Master Chao and Master Shifu turned away which resulted in Po being blinded. After it was revealed that Po had watched the play after he botched up a group technique causing Master Shifu to undo the effects of the Golden Lotus Clap, Master Chao was displeased that Po disobeyed Master Shifu's orders and ended up replacing Master Shifu with Master Junjie. When Master Chao returned to check up on Master Junjie, he overheard Master Junjie's intentions in his talk with Po and caught Master Junjie in the act. Master Chao and Po were imprisoned in the same cell as Master Shifu by Master Junjie's Furious Five. After Po freed Master Shifu and Master Chao and defeated Master Junjie, Master Chao gave Master Shifu his job back and commended Po for doing the right thing despite the risk, while Master Junjie and his Furious Five are remanded to Chorh-Gom Prison.
In "Kung Shoes," Master Chao is called to the Jade Palace when Po (who was wearing special shoes that enhance Kung Fu abilities) has accomplished the Three Needles move. It turns out that Master Chao, Master Shifu, and the Furious Five knew about the shoes when they started to glow. When the shoes start to go out of control, Master Chao had to help Master Shifu and the Furious Five in order to get the shoes off of Po. After Po got the shoes off and sliced them, the shoes multiplied and possessed everyone present. Po then uses the water to neutralize the shoe's effects. Master Shifu thanks Master Chao for his help as Master Chao states that this was the first time he has seen anyone perform the Three Needles Move...even if it was done by anyone wearing sentient shoes.
Master Yao.
Master Yao is a Kung Fu Master who is renowned for his outstanding intellect. Master Shifu idolizes him commented that Master Yao is known for being "the greatest Kung Fu mind this world has ever known." He was credited as the first person to unlock the mystery of the Secret Scroll at the age of 5. At age 6, he invented pruning and was one of the few people who know how an abacus works. But with a great mind came a great sacrifice. Master Yao spent a lifetime meditating alone with no contact to the outside world. He has become the keeper of the secrets of Kung Fu. In his mind, Master Yao holds unimaginable knowledge and the power of the universe.
Sometime later, Master Yao comes out of hiding to visit the Valley of Peace. After years of being cooped in constant meditation and isolated from the rest of the world, Master Yao was cheerful and glad to experience life again. He gets overly excited at every little thing that surrounds him because of his long cut-off from the world. Po and Master Shifu had to protect him when Temutai and the Qidan Clan target Master Yao to learn the secrets of Kung Fu. Even though his physical strengths are weak, he is able to use Kung Fu with his mind. It was with this talent that he was able to free Po and Shifu and knock the entire Qidan Clan unconscious.
Mr. Yeung.
Mr. Yeung is an elderly pig who was once a Kung Fu Master that was known back then as "Yeung the Musical Archer" and was a companion to Mrs. Gow. His nickname comes from the fact that Mr. Yeung can use his musical instrument as a bow to fire arrows perfectly.
He first appeared in the episode "In With the Old" where he and Mrs. Gow play mahjong with Mr. Ping. They end up coming to the aid of Po when Temutai and the Qidan Clan plot to steal the Helmet of the Invincible Thunder Kick.
Mrs. Gow.
Mrs. Gow is an elderly goat who was once a Kung Fu Master that was known back then as "Gow of the Hundred Stars" and was a companion of Mr. Yeung. Her nickname comes from the fact she could throw razor sharp stars into her opponents perfectly.
She first appeared in the episode "In With the Old" where she and Mr. Yeung play mahjong with Mr. Ping. When Mr. Ping suggests that she and Mr. Yeung help Po save Shifu and defend the Jade Palace, Po dismisses them because of their age, remarking that Mrs. Gow was "older than rope" and that Mr. Yeung was even older than she was. However, they end up coming to the aid of Po when Temutai and the Qidan Clan plot to steal the Helmet of the Invincible Thunder Kick. Mrs. Gow used her dental prosthetic and not her stars, but still proved to be a very capable fighter despite her advanced years and reprimands Po by commenting that she is like "rope, you know, that thing that is very useful."
Shengqi.
Shengqi is a Kung Fu Master who resides in Muchang. He used to work for Duke Pingjun until his daughter Xiao Niao tripped and fell into the giant moon cake for Duke Pingjun's guests. Shengqi intervened before Duke Bingjun could slap her. Duke Bingjun accused Shengqi of assault and had him incarcerated in Chorh-Gom Prison. Shengqi later broke out of Chorh-Gom Prison and had a bounty placed on him. The inhabitants of Muchang are very protective of him when Po takes Constable Hu's offer to bring him in. When Po finds Shengqi and fights him, Po fights him and doesn't believe his side of the story. Po catches up to Shengqi on top of the mountain and fights him again. Po still doesn't believe him until he sees half of a necklace that was on the neck of a girl (who turned out to be Xiao Niao) that attended the festival. When Po is given the reward from the Rhino Guards, he throws the reward towards the Rhino Guards and gets Shengqi away. Po takes Shengqi to the Valley of Peace where Constable Hu tries to capture Shengqi. Po tells Constable Hu the truth about what happened the day when Shengqi was imprisoned. As Shengqi is reunited with Xiao Niao, Constable Hu tells Po that he will see to it that Shengqi's sentence is overturned.
Master Kweng.
Master Kweng is a Kung Fu master who is the CEO of the Kung Fu Express (a group of messengers trained in Kung Fu). He is known for saying "No unauthorized handling" when it comes to people that want to handle the message.
In "Shoot the Messenger," Po accidentally signs the Dragon Warrior on a scroll Master Kweng was carrying that was actually a peace treaty between the Gorilla Clan led by Can-Shoo and the Gorilla Clan led by Cheen-Gwan. Po ended up getting the help from Lam and Master Tigress to get the peace treaty back from Master Kweng for fear of a war between the Gorilla Clans that can threaten all of China. The fight between Po, Master Tigress, and Master Kweng escalated at the Kung Fu Express headquarters where the other members of the Kung Fu Express end up taking part in the fight. When the treaty is finally delivered to Can-Shoo and Cheen-Gwan by Master Kweng, they were surprised that the Dragon Warrior's name is on it as they are big fans of Po.
Master Mugan.
Master Mugan is a very strict Kung Fu master who resides at the Garnet Palace as its headmaster. She also greatly dislikes Po as she believes that he is undisciplined and was chosen by a random quirk of fate. She came to the Jade Palace in "A Tigress Tale", where she wanted to seek a new Kung Fu Master to join her at the Garnet Palace following the failure of her previous warrior Wu Yong. Master Tigress went with Master Mugan and showed off her Kung Fu talents and Master Mugan stated that she was a powerful warrior.
When Master Tigress went to acknowledge the compliment, Master Mugan stated that it was not a compliment. She informed Master Tigress that her focus in Kung Fu was precision, and demonstrated so by jumping out of her fish tank and using the bowls around her Kung Fu dojo to jump and eventually cut Master Tigress with one of her razor-sharp fins. Master Tigress was impressed with Master Mugan's skills and began her training but can't seem to impress Master Mugan. When Tigress tried to leave, Master Mugan refused to let her go and instead imprisoned her and decided to break her. When Po went to the Garnet Palace to see Master Tigress, Master Mugan told Po that Master Tigress didn't want to see him. Po eventually broke into the Garnet Palace and freed Master Tigress only for them to be stopped by Master Mugan. Master Tigress then informed Master Mugan that there was more to life than Kung Fu. An outraged Master Mugan then attacked Tigress and Po, but was defeated when Po and Wu Yong knocked all the pillars holding her water over, trapping her in the central tank.
Antagonists.
Tai Lung.
Tai Lung (Chinese for "Great Dragon") was the main antagonist in "Kung Fu Panda". He was a muscular snow leopard with superhuman strength. As the adoptive son and (first) devoted pupil of Master Shifu, he showed more skill in Kung Fu than any other of his students: he himself remarks Shifu taught him skills in kung fu he never shared with even the Furious Five. In fact, Tai Lung was the only one (third to Oogway and Shifu) to know the Nerve Attack. He believed that he was destined to become the Dragon Warrior, and made it his aim in life.
However, as Tai Lung improved his fighting skills, his pride grew overwhelming due to believing that he was to become the Dragon Warrior. It was this overgrowing pride that alerted Oogway of darkness in Tai Lung's heart despite the love that Shifu gave him, and refused him the title. Tai Lung's bitterness and anger were only intensified when Shifu did nothing to defend him. Disappointed and outraged with his master's seeming betrayal, Tai Lung's pride turned into corruption as he rampaged throughout the valley, taking out his rage against the villagers. He fought his way to the Jade Palace, seeking to take the Dragon Scroll by force: Shifu could not bring himself to harm his adoptive son, whereas Tai Lung felt no such hesitation and smashed aside his mentor and father figure without mercy. The leopard though was no match for Grand Master Oogway, who hit him with a lighting fast series of nerve attacks, paralyzing and defeating him.
Following his defeat, Tai Lung was sent to Chorh-Gom Prison for his crimes against the valley until his escape two decades later. He was kept restrained by a body-device shaped like a turtle shell (later revealed in the second movie to be the same kind of device used by Lord Shen's men to restrain Po and the Furious Five, called ""Eight-point Acupressure cuffs; the more you move, the tighter they get""). Despite Tai Lung being imprisoned, this left a hole in Shifu's soul due the love he gave Tai Lung that went to waste, and as result, he starts training the Furious Five with a more critical and harsh manner. After his escape, Tai Lung returned to the Valley of Peace for the Dragon Scroll. The Scroll was said to grant its wielder limitless power. He headed straight for the Valley, stopping briefly to engage and defeat the Furious Five. At the temple, Master Shifu battled him while Po was supposedly evacuating with the rest of the villagers and the Furious Five.
Tai Lung unleashed all his rage and hatred during their battle and gravely wounded Shifu. He blamed his adoptive father for his incarceration and failure to become the Dragon Warrior, furiously demanding to know if Shifu was satisfied with turning Tai Lung into the monster he had become. It was then Shifu told that his pride for Tai Lung blinded him to see what his adopted son was becoming, and apologized. Although Tai Lung showed some concern for him, he was still only interested in gaining the Dragon Scroll (saying "I don't want your apology, I want my scroll!"). When he finally saw that it was missing, he nearly killed Shifu until Po came in and stopped him. Even though Tai Lung scoffed that a fat panda couldn't possibly be the Dragon Warrior, Po proved to be an unexpectedly formidable opponent. Po's considerable cunning, skill and strength, Tai Lung thought, was only possible through the Dragon Scroll. After a protracted battle throughout the village, Tai Lung finally managed to obtain the Dragon Scroll, but his impatience caused him to not understand its symbolism: the scroll is actually a blank reflective foil, meaning the power has always been buried deep within the person. Po, on the other hand, understood it very well, and used the symbolism to counterattack several of Tai Lung's moves. Tai Lung was ultimately defeated when Po utilized the Wuxi Finger Hold. Before Po does so, Tai Lung claims that Shifu did not teach Po the Wuxi Finger Hold, to which Po agrees. He replied that he figured it out on his own (Shifu had tried to threateningly use it on Po earlier). Po vanquishes Tai Lung in a brilliant, rippling flash.
Tai Lung is shown to be an exceptionally deadly fighter, able to hold his own against a thousand guards in Chorh-Gom Prison, as well as the Furious Five. He is also shown to be very resourceful, for example using a feather to escape his shackles he picked up with his tail and using spears launched at him from crossbows to allow him to escape as well as using them for leverage to achieve upward mobility. He also has a special nerve attack taught to him by Shifu which completely paralyzes the victim. However, Po, being too fat for the strikes to reach the correct points, is resistant to the technique, finding it very ticklish when it was used.
In the video game "", Tai Lung had survived his encounter with Po and plans his revenge on him by capturing the Furious Five. He is defeated once again.
Tai Lung additionally appears at the beginning of the "Kung Fu Panda Holiday Special" as part of Mr. Ping's "Noodle Dream" where he fights Po. Po states he thought Tai Lung was dead, though this statement is cut short when Tai Lung attacks him. Po ultimately defeats him once again. He even makes a cameo in Po's flashback in "Kung Fu Panda 2".
At the end of the "" episode "The Kung Fu Kid," the episode's twist ending revealed that Tai Lung is the uncle of Peng who is searching for him much to Po's shock and horror. In "Master and the Panda," Peng learns that Po was responsible for what happened to Tai Lung as Po tries to tell Peng that Tai Lung was evil. When Peng ended up corrupted by the Gung Lu Medallion and started attacking, Po used the Shift Stone to transform into Tai Lung in order to get Peng to remove the medallion.
Lord Shen.
Lord Shen a 53-year-old leucistic peacock, was disturbed and desperate to regain happiness by conquering all of China. He is the main antagonist of Kung Fu Panda 2. Lord Shen can be described as a Hungry ghost, referring to him having ambitions that can never be satisfied, or, as the Soothsayer said it; ""the cup choose(s) to fill has no bottom"".
Before the start of "Kung Fu Panda 2", Shen was the prince of Gongmen City. Shen became interested in the power of gunpowder, wondering if it and the technology behind fireworks could be used for warfare. His loving parents grew worried and asked the Soothsayer what his future held. She proclaimed that if he continued with this path, he would be halted by "a warrior of black-and-white". Eavesdropping on this divination, Shen correctly assumed that the warrior would be a giant panda and decided to take action in an attempt to avert the prophecy. Thus, he leads his wolf guards to massacre the pandas (in the opening, the Soothsayer says that this only sealed Shen's fate; OR in layman's terms the "Self-fulfilling prophecy"). Upon becoming satisfied that he achieved his objective, he returned to his family palace filled with pride. However, he was confronted by his parents, who were horrified by his atrocity and they immediately exiled him as punishment. Feeling profoundly wronged for this treatment, Shen angrily vowed he would return one day to conquer China. Unknown to him, the seeds of his destruction were laid as the apparent sole survivor (who turned out to be Po) was inadvertently transported to the Valley of Peace where he became the Dragon Warrior. Shen's parents were so crippled by the pain of having to banish their son that they both died of broken hearts.
Over the next thirty years, Shen and his wolf minions built a whole arsenal, raiding villages to supply the required refined metal. When satisfied that he was ready for war, Lord Shen marched upon Gongmen City with his wolf and gorilla armies and challenged the current regents, the Masters' Councillors (Masters Thundering Rhino, Storming Ox and Ferocious Croc). Swiftly defeating Master Storming Ox and Master Croc and killing Master Thundering Rhino with a cannon shot, Shen imprisoned the demoralized remaining masters and seized control of the city, keeping only the Soothsayer in his court for her skills.
Shortly afterward, Shen's wolf army captured the Dragon Warrior and the Furious Five trying to break into the city to stop him. Any alarm upon learning that a Giant Panda survived is assuaged by the fact that he seemed a simpleton (saying that he "finds Po's stupidity mildly amusing"), and doesn't know about his past. However, when he tried to kill the warriors with his cannon, they broke free as arranged and they destroyed the cannon, mistakenly thinking it was the only one. Taking advantage of Po's sudden flashback upon seeing his red feather markings, Shen managed to escape to a foundry where he ordered a team of cannoneers to bring down the palace to kill the warriors. However, the warriors escaped and later attempted to destroy the cannon foundry to stop production. Unfortunately, the Dragon Warrior unintentionally interfered with the attempt when he broke in on his own to confront the peacock about his suspicions concerning his involvement with his parents. At that, Shen falsely claimed Po's parents never loved him, abandoning him to save themselves. With Po distraught, Shen arms a large cannon and seemingly kills the panda by blasting him into the river.
With that, Shen eventually captured the Furious Five and planned to kill them once his fleet reaches open water as a demonstration of his power. However, the Dragon Warrior reappeared to confront him again, having survived the blast and being nursed back to health by the Soothsayer, gaining his inner peace. Now even more formidable, Po freed his comrades and were joined by his fellow masters including Master Shifu in a furious melee to stop the fleet's departure. Shen's increasing rage drove him to fire on his own troops to kill the masters. Eventually, Shen still managed to blast his opposition with the head cannon and exit the harbor.
As it looked like all is lost, Po, using a piece of wreckage as an island, catches the cannonballs fired at him and redirects them at the fleet. Frustrated, Shen ordered that the barrage be maintained, only to find he enabled the Dragon Warrior to destroy his forces with his own fired ammunition. Finally, the Panda was able to destroy his own ship's cannon. Po boards Shen's damaged flagship and confronts the worn-out Shen, who is flabbergasted as to how Po could attain such a controlled peace despite his atrocities against him, which he expected would merit revenge. Po tells him that he rejects letting his past dominate his present and pleads with the peacock to let go of his past resentments, saying that the only thing that matters now is the path he chooses. Even though Shen agrees of choosing his own path, he refuses to let go of the past (saying "You're right. Then I choose THIS!"). Shen attacks the Dragon Warrior until the melee topples the wreckage of the cannon, crushing him.
Despite his reliance of cannons, Shen is also a deadly fighter with blades, several of which are of different sizes he hides in his feathers. He also wears steel gauntlets with sharpened talons over his real feet and claws which he uses as a weapon, to light fuses and as a source of traction. Shen's fighting style shares similar qualities with "Cai Li Fo", a Chinese martial art that uses a metal fan for defensive and distraction purposes. These qualities are represented in the movie by Shen's use of his tail feathers and his agile, circular movements. His defeat is mentioned by a villager in the episode "Enter The Dragon".
Wolf Boss.
Wolf Boss was Shen's second-in-command and the secondary antagonist of Kung Fu Panda 2. He leads an army of wolves working for Shen and possesses only one eye. He is the first to spot Po, as well as the one to inform Shen that there is still a panda who is alive. He is seen engaging Po in combat several times, though their fighting in Gongmen City can be interpreted as comic relief. For example, both Po and the Wolf Boss get hit by the wooden signs while moving forward. He can also be seen in the flashback. In it, he loses his left eye to Po's father when hit with a hammer, and is seen chasing Po's mother down in the forest. He is shown to be rather savage as he attempts to kill Po, despite him being an innocent baby at the time.
The symbol on his sleeve—the symbol of Lord Shen distracts Po during their fighting and triggers both Po's memories of his past and his desire to find out who he is. However, they also allow Boss Wolf an advantage, and while Po is distracted he often runs away or knocks the panda down. Unlike Shen, Boss Wolf is never shown to be completely evil. Despite being a wolf, he seems to be almost puppy-like at times—talking too much, making Lord Shen angry with his comments, and whimpering when his toe is stomped. Also, despite his enmity and conflicts with Po, Wolf Boss does acknowledge Po to be a true kung fu warrior, stating to Shen that Po fought 'like a demon' during their battles in the Valley and Gongmen City. Also, Boss Wolf obviously cares for his pack a lot, sharing a code of honor towards them. During the final battle, Lord Shen orders Wolf Boss to fire the Weapon at Po, but he refuses, stating that it would be too risky as there are so many wolves near Po and the other kung fu warriors. Lord Shen, refusing to take any concern of receiving any loss of his own wolf army, still orders him to do it, which then finally causes the Wolf Boss to rebel against Shen. Outraged, Shen stabs the Wolf Boss for his disobedience and fires the Weapon himself. Wolf Boss's refusal to kill his own shows that while he is still a merciless warrior, he is nowhere near as evil as Shen.
Some remnants of his wolf army were seen in the "Kung Fu Panda 2" video game where it is being led by another wolf.
Kuo.
Kuo is the antagonist in the "Kung Fu Panda" comic "Art of Balance" by Ape Entertainment.
In the comic, Po first meets Kuo while heading for Mr. Ping's restaurant, where Kuo then claims to be a big fan of Mr. Ping as well as expressing interest in working in his restaurant. Po and Mr. Ping hire Kuo where he shows great skill with cooking knives. He then ask what the secret is to his recepies, only to be stone-walled by the goose chef. Kuo later on searches through Mr. Ping's recepies, but is then caught by Mr. Ping himself. Kuo then threatens him with his knives and holds him hostage. When Po returns later that night, he finds his father tied up on the front counter. Po asks Kuo what he's doing and why, the deranged antelope says that he once owned a restaurant himself but was driven out of business because customers always went to Mr. Ping's instead of his own; he then says that he has debts owed to criminals. He blames Mr. Ping for making him a failure, but Po tells him that he isn't a failure but instead lost his balance. Yet instead of regaining his balance, he let his imbalance control his life. Engraged, Kuo then throws numerous knives at Po, but the panda (remembering his lessons from Master Shifu) leaps on top of the knives and kicks Kuo in the chest. While Po checks on his father, Kuo tries to flee the scene only to be intercepted by Master Shifu and is knocked out. He is presumably sent to Chorh-Gom Prison afterwards.
Qinchu.
Qinchu is the main villain of the "Kung Fu Panda" comic "Special Delivery." Qinchu was presumably the self-elected official of Mount Penglai.
In the comic, he confronted Po after the panda stowed away in a mail cart carried by Qinchu's crow minions. Po found himself in a palace surrounded by similar carts full of undelivered mail, and upon discovering him, Qinchu told the panda he was trespassing. Though Po tried to explain his reasons for being there, the fox would hear none of it, declaring that he had worked hard to create order in the city by keeping outsiders out and residents in. With that, he ordered his crows to throw the panda out, and Po was tossed down Mount Penglai. When he awoke from the painful fall, Po met the former official and his son who had similarly been thrown down Mount Penglai. Po learned about Qinchu's takeover of the city as well as his goal to find the key to Mount Penglai, which was the reason for the hijacking of so many mail carts, as the key was always passed from one location to another so none could ever know its exact whereabouts. In his quest for a 'paradise' of order and organization, Qinchu aimed to use the key to lock the gates and isolate the city. After hearing this, Po took action and crashed through the roof of the palace. He faced Qinchu in a showy display, and the fox stood before him unimpressed. After some back-and-forth banter, the two engaged in combat. This resulted in Po kicking Qinchu and throwing him down, where he then trapped the fox in a roll of carpet. He then told Qinchu it was about time he meet his 'public', with the palace door opening to reveal many angry citizens of Mount Penglai including the former-official and his son. They took Qinchu and carried him away, resolving to have him thrown down the mountain.
The Five Elements Imposters.
The Five Elements Imposters are the villains in the "Kung Fu Panda" comic "It's Elemental." It was foretold that that the Five Elements would one day take physical forms and become the ultimate protectors of the world. Five warriors masqueraded as the physical forms of Earth, Fire, Water, Metal, and Wood while using concealed weapons that corresponded with each element. When the charade was discovered by Po, the Furious Five joined Po in fighting these imposters until only Earth was left standing. With the imposters tied up, Po and the Furious Five uncovered how the group had made their "powers" using sesame oil and hidden containers.
Earth.
The warrior that masqueraded as Earth is the leader of the Five Elements Imposters. He was defeated by Master Mantis. With the imposters tied up, Master Shifu mentioned that the real Earth was the brains of the group as Earth is considered the ultimate element according to the Wu Xing philosophy.
Fire.
The warrior that masqueraded as Fire is a member of the Five Elements Imposters. He fought with concealed flammable sesame oil.
Water.
The warrior that masqueraded as Water is a member of the Five Elements Imposters. He fought with concealed water blasters.
Metal.
The warrior that masqueraded as Metal is a member of the Five Elements Imposters. He fought with a giant metal sword.
Wood.
The warrior that masqueraded as Wood is a member of the Five Elements Imposters. He shot out wooden spikes in battle.
Scorpion.
Scorpion is a villain in "".
Long time ago, it was stated that Scorpion was once the Valley of Peace's best healer. One day, she stumbled upon a hypnosis potion and injected herself with it, poisoning her mind turning her evil. She had the villagers under her spell until it was broken by Grand Master Oogway. Scorpion was exiled from the Valley of Peace, but stole the last Sun Orchid (which can be made into a tea as a cure for River Fever). Many years later, Scorpion discovers Po and Monkey in her lair looking for the Sun Orchid in order to cure Tigress' River Fever. She manages to capture Monkey and sting him with her hypnosis potion and then sent him to destroy Po. Upon making it into Scorpion's lair, Po tries to get in as Scorpion ends up throwing Monkey a sword. Po soon discovers that Monkey is under Scorpion's control. When Monkey comes into Scorpion's lair with an apparently defeated Po, Scorpion discovers that Po faked his death and broke her control over Monkey. Scorpion ends up attacking them and tries to sting Monkey until Po grabs her tail. Po and Monkey managed to send Scorpion into the wall tail first, trap Scorpion with their trick sneezes, and claim the Sun Orchid.
In "Love Stings," Scorpion gets Mr. Ping to fall in love with her because its revealed that she also can cook. However, this is only as part of her revenge on Po and the Valley of Peace. She using Mr. Ping because he is the person who is responsible for the Moon cakes for the Moon Cake Festival where all the member of the Valley of Peace will eat Moon cakes. Therefore Scorpion with the help of Mr. Ping who loves her bakes the Moon cakes but she adds poison into them that renders the whole population into a dizzy-like state. However Po (who practiced with Monkey his own form of dizzy Kung Fu) is able to battle her and defeat her. After Mr. Ping finds out about the treachery, they split.
In "The Most Dangerous Po," Scorpion is among the villains that were hunted by General Tsin and subjected to stiffening Zu Chao Powder. She is later rescued by Po, but escapes upon being repelled by Po.
Croc Bandits.
The Croc Bandits are a group of crocodiles who are the recurring but rather ineffectual antagonists in "". Although their group was never referred to by an official name by its members, Po, Master Shifu, and the Furious Five often referred to them as Croc Bandits.
Fung.
Fung is the leader of an unnamed group of Crocodile Bandits as seen in "". Fung most often relies on weapons to fight his opponents, but has shown he knows some Kung Fu techniques, mostly in cases of defense. His family apparently makes terracotta warriors as it was once mentioned by Fung that he accidentally got a terracotta soldier glued onto his father's face with its removal leaving his father with what's left of his mustache on one side. His signature saying "Darnit" is often muttered when he finds himself defeated.
In "Good Croc, Bad Croc," Fung saves Po from a pitfall (which his fellow bandits dug up) and required a favor from Po later on. When it came to the favor, Po had to meet with Feng alone where Feng mentions that Jong Sung Jai Kai Chow had captured his brother. Po and Feng had to infiltrate Jong's castle with Po having to pull off a diversion. When Po runs into Fung, he states that he has his brother in a box as both of them flee. When Po returned to the Jade Palace, Master Shifu was waiting with two of Jong's guards. When Master Shifu hears from Po that he was only helping Fung rescue his brother from Jong, Master Shifu states that Feng doesn't have a brother and that the person he helped him abduct was Jong's son. Fung later meets up with the other bandits where he learns that Po had been apprehended by Jong's guards. Fung feels remorse for what had happened to Po and decides to return the box containing Jong's son. Upon Fung entering Jong's torture room disguised as a Water Buffalo Guard, Fung freed Po and gave Jong his son back. Yet Po and Feng had to escape from Jong's palace when even Jong's son wants them severely dealt with.
In "Kung Fu Day Care," it was revealed that Fung had a younger but larger cousin named Lidong who assisted him in the Croc Bandit's plot to capture Prince Zan and steal him back when Prince Zan ends up in the protective custody of Po and Tigress.
In "The Most Dangerous Po," Fung is among the villains that were hunted by General Tsin and subjected to stiffening Zu Chao Powder. He is later rescued by Po, but escapes upon being repelled by Po.
Although he and his bandits are crocodiles, it is not made clear which breed they are specifically. They may be Mugger Crocodiles, because they were once situated in Indo-China (and the use of "mugger" may be a tongue-in-cheek joke due to the fact they are bandits).
Gah-ri.
Gah-ri is the member of the unnamed group of Crocodile Bandits from "". Fung frequently calls him "Gary." Gah-Ri is shown to be clumsy, apologetic, and often says that he has to go to the bathroom. In combat, Gah-ri is shown to be skilled in wielding various weapons including an axe.
In "The Most Dangerous Po," Gah-ri is among the villains that were hunted by General Tsin and subjected to stiffening Zu Chao Powder. He is later rescued by Po, but escapes upon being repelled by Po.
His name may possibly be an intentional reference to the crocodile subspecies Gharial.
Irwin.
Irwin is the member of the unnamed group of Crocodile Bandits from "".
Wall Eye.
Wall Eye is a member of the unnamed group of Crocodile Bandits from "". He is known for his wall-eye condition.
Lidong.
Lidong is Fung's younger cousin. He helped his cousin Fung and his Croc Bandits to capture Prince Zan from Po and the Furious Five for a share they would get from the ransom. He is a giant crocodile and is skilled in Kung Fu where he used his strength in combat against Tigress (who protected Prince Zan). Lidong eventually betrayed Fung and his Croc Bandits because he viewed his cousin and his group as losers. He was defeated by Tigress at the end of the episode.
In "The Midnight Stranger," the pig criminals that manipulated Constable Hu into banning Kung Fu enlisted Lidong to fight the Midnight Stranger. When it was discovered that Po was masquerading as the Midnight Stranger, Lidong attacked Po. Lidong and the pig criminals were defeated by Po and Constable Hu.
The episode "Huge" revealed that Lidong was a runt of a Crocodile in his youth and was thus teased and tormented by others until hitting his fairly impressive growth spurt. As such, he is immensely proud of his size, and the idea of anyone surpassing him in this area is enough to enrage him and turn him against the other Croc Bandits.
Qidan Clan.
The Qidan Clan are a group of Water Buffalo warriors that have fought Po and the Furious Five on different occasions. They were also known to have fought against the Emperor's army in the past.
Temutai.
Temutai is the Warrior-King of the Qidan Clan. He has claimed to have beaten every Kung Fu Master in the land. Master Tigress mentioned that his Kung Fu was strong enough to rip his opponents in half without even touching them. He has a habit of yelling the last word in each of his sentences.
He first appeared in "The Princess and the Po" where Po, Master Tigress, and Master Mantis had to bring Princess Mei Li to him in order to achieve peace between the Qidan Clan and Princess Mei Li's kingdom. Once a princess is given to Temutai, she ends up becoming his servant. When Po didn't want Temutai to get Princess Mei Li, he offered to challenge him to a fight to determine the fate of Princess Mei Li. When none of Po's moves can faze Temutai, Po gets an idea from Princess Mei Li and uses the same moves that she used on him to take down Temutai. Temutai admitted defeat and ensured peace between Mei Li's people and the Qidan. As a last act, he had rice balls prepared for Po and the others when they left as per their request.
In "Owl Be Back," Po found Temutai and his warriors fighting the Furious Five in the Jade Palace. This time, Po was fast enough to evade Temutai's attacks. Po manages to use the Thundering Wind Hammer (previously used by Fenghuang) to sent Temutai flying into the mountainside. Temutai shouted to Po to declare that fight a draw.
In "The Kung Fu Kid," Temutai and his Qidan Clan are invited to a Peace Jubilee. Temutai enters his nephew Jing Mei into the children Kung Fu competition where he fights a Kung Fu prodigy named Peng. Temutai was not pleased that his nephew was defeated by Peng. Temutai wants to have Peng to train with the Qidan Clan opposed to Po wanting Peng to train at the Jade Palace. Po's argument with Temutai ends up disrupting the Peace Jubilee causing Master Shifu to break it up. Temutai gets angered at the fact that Peng wants to train with Po. After Po tells Peng that he is no longer needed, Peng decides to prove himself by destroying Temutai. Peng ends up fighting Temutai until Po arrived where their fight ends up causing the crowd to get out of control. Po manages to break up the fight upon telling Peng the truth. Po then does the ceremonial Tai Chi with Peng and Temutai.
In "My Favorite Yao," Temutai and his Qidan troops set out to capture Master Yao to interrogate him for his secrets. The abduction proved easier than anticipated owing to Yao, being impulsively released from his box by Shifu, began to run amok through the village with childish delight at all the sensations he denied himself for 65 years. However, the goat refused to cooperate and found even death threats an entertaining novelty. Eventually, Shifu and Po managed to rescue him with his help of his magic to stun Temutai and his troops into stillness.
In the episode "In With the Old," Temutai and his Qidan troops took advantage of the Furious Five's absence for a training session to invade the Jade Palace and capture Shifu in an inescapable death trap in order to force him to surrender the Helmet of the Invincible Thunder Kick. Shifu refused and Temutai searched the Palace himself. Meanwhile, Po liberated the Palace with the help of Mr. Ping and the elderly but still formidable masters Mrs. Gow and Mr. Yeung. Eventually, Po found Temutai, but was unable to stop him from entering the storage room which had a wide variety of magic helmets. The warriors raced to search for the desired helmet, but Temutai was the one eventually gained it. However, Po managed to defeat Temutai by tossing the Helmet of Your Own Worst Enemy on top of the Helmet of the Invincible Thunder Kick and Temutai was magically compelled to kick himself out of the Palace and out of the area in defeat.
In "The Most Dangerous Po," Temutai is pursued and chased by the minions of General Tsin. Temutai is then subjected to stiffening Zu Chao Powder. He is later rescued by Po, but escapes upon being repelled by Po.
In "Master and the Panda," Temutai and the Qidan Clan unearth the Gong Lu Medallion (which enhances the wearer's abilities and the person's dark side) which grants him more powerful as he plots to conquer China and the Moon. Temutai then attacks the Jade Palace and takes out Master Shifu and the Furious Five. Po even tries to fight Temutai only to be sent flying out of the Jade Palace. Po returns and fights Temutai in order to get the Gong Lu Medallion off him. Peng joins the fight and removes the Gong Lu Medallion from Temutai. Po and Peng then send Temutai flying out of the Jade Palace.
In "Invitation Only," Po fights Temutai and makes him get away upon hearing the gong for lunch. Temutai later plans to crash the banquet of Upper Head District Chief Superior Superintendent Chang. Temutai is told by his Qidan warriors that he wasn't invited to the banquet. Temutai learns that Po wasn't also invited and plans to crash the banquet. Temutai has his soldiers surround the building where the banquet is being held. Temutai then begins his attack on the banquet and immobilizes the Furious Five and Master Shifu with the bolos thrown by the Qidan warriors. When Po sneaks into the party, he runs into Temutai and attacks the Qidan warriors with Kung Fu, good manners, and etiquette. Po managed to defeat Temutai which impressed Superintendent Chang enough to invite Po to the banquet.
Jing Mei.
Jing Mei is Temutai's nephew. In "The Kung Fu Kid," Jing Mei was with his uncle and the Qidan Clan when they are invited to a Peace Jubilee. Temutai enters his nephew Jing Mei into the children Kung Fu competition where he fights a Kung Fu prodigy named Peng. Temutai fought Peng and was defeated by him.
In "The Most Dangerous Po," Jing Mei is among the villains that were hunted by General Tsin and subjected to stiffening Zu Chao Powder. He is later rescued by Po, but escapes upon being repelled by Po. He shouts a lot, too much.
Bataar.
Bataar is a Water Buffalo who is exclusive to "".
Bataar is the son of Temutai, the brother of Chunlun, and the cousin of Jing Mei.
Chunlun.
'Chunlun is a Water Buffalo who is exclusive to "".
Chunlun is the son of Temutai, the brother of Bataar, and the cousin of Jing Mei.
Taotie.
Taotie is a warthog who is exclusive to "". He is a mechanic who built the training hall in which the Furious Five train. Taotie and Master Shifu trained in combat together when they were younger up to the point where Master Shifu broke the tip of his left tusk broken in combat. Shifu, who was a friend of Taotie's back then, is shown helping him up. After building the training hall (that did not help him improve in kung fu like he thought it would) he built a huge machine which included flame-throwers and throwing stars. He had a disagreement with Master Shifu and Grand Master Oogway about having machines surpass Kung Fu. Taotie left and vowed to get revenge on Master Shifu one day. Many years later in the episode "Sticky Situation," Po ended up seeking out Taotie in order to repair the training hall that he accidentally broke. Behind Po's back, Taotie reassembled the parts of the training hall into a machine that he uses in his revenge plot on Master Shifu. After the Furious Five were defeated, only Master Shifu was left and Po saved him by clogging the gears of Taotie's machine enough for it to break. Taotie managed to get away.
In "Fluttering Finger Mindslip," Taotie discovers that he used the Furious Five have lost their memory after being exposed to Po's move. While Po and Master Shifu are away, Taotie took the opportunity to use this to his advantage by having them attack Master Shifu and Po upon their return. When the Furious Five regain their memory, they attacked Taotie though allowing him to get away again.
In "Big Bro Po," Taotie uses his new Iron Claws of Doom harness to attack Po and the Furious Five. Taotie's Iron Claws of Doom fails when Bian Zao fails to lubricate the claws. Taotie is defeated and is taken away to Chorh-Gom Prison leaving Bian Zao alone. Taotie is later visited by Po and Bian Zao who states that his father's plans take up most of the time time together. Taotie convinces Bian Zao to make a bunch of cakes that would help him break out of Chorh-Gom Prison. When Bian Zao is unable to make the visit to Chorh-Gom Prison, Po ends up making the deliveriy to Taotie's cell not knowing that the final component of the Iron Claws of Doom is in it. With the Iron Claws of Doom rebuilt and lubricated, Taotie escapes from Chorh-Gom Prison. Taotie ends up attacking the Jade Palace stating to Bian Zao that they will do a sporting activity afterwards. After firing the chains at the Furious Five and Master Shifu, Taotie ends up fighting Po. When it came to a stalemate between Po and Taotie, Bian Zao ends up using a flying contraption to pick up Taotie and ends up knocking off the lubrication hose. Both of them managed to get away again as Po claims that he brought Taotie and Bian Zao's family back together.
In "The Most Dangerous Po," Taotie is among the villains that were hunted by General Tsin and subjected to stiffening Zu Chao Powder. He is later rescued by Po, but escapes upon being repelled by Po.
In "Bosom Enemies," Taotie uses a knife stand machine to attack Po which ends up failed. Taotie ends up in a nervous breakdown following his defeat and Po accidentally ripping off his pants. Bian Zao later turns to Po to get Taotie back to normal. Taotie ends up seeing the light and Po plans to make Taotie a good guy by having him make crime-fighting gadgets while having some special nunchucks made for Po. When the Furious Five arrive, Taotie ends up showing off the special nunchucks as Po states that Taotie has changed. Taotie commented that his old friend Goatie, his parents, and the Cart Wash Manager turned against him. When the Furious Five leave vowing to come after Taotie if he hasn't changed, Po states to Taotie that he can have Taotie make weapons for the Furious Five with Po secretly taking measurements of the Furious Five. Po comments that Taotie can make the best crime-fighting assistant to the Furious Five. After Po leaves upon handing him the measurements of the Furious Five for the weapons needed to fit the Furious Five's talents, Taotie ends up snapping out of his good side as the measurements to make a machine. The next day, Taotie attacks Po and the Furious Five with the Adapto-Bot (which can copy the movies of Po, Master Tigress's claws, Master Monkey's tail, Master Mantis' pointed claws, Master Crane's Flight, and Master Viper's constructions) stating that Taotie plays assistant to nobody. Taotie's Adapto-Bot receives a magnifying glass from Po through Bian Zao and ends up using it to distract the Adapto-Bot while Po uses his nunchucks to throw the Adapto-Bot off balance and then destroys it. Po thanks Taotie for helping him out as he quotes "What are Friends For." Yet Taotie and Bian Zao end up remanded to Chorh-Gom Prison as Taotie works on the designs of his next invention to use on Po.
In "The Maltese Mantis," Taotie and Bian Zao were attending the Festival of Figurines where they are unpacking the figurines of Taotie's inventions. Though Bian Zao was very doubtful that people would buy figurines of his father, Taotie was confident that he would make a fortune once the fans saw the power of his figurines (demonstrated when one of them punched a hole through the table). Bian Zao eventually asked his father for some money so he could go and buy something that wasn't "lame." Bian Zao would eventually discover the paralyzed Mantis (who was accidentally paralyzed by Po using the Paralyzing Touch Point) and became intrigued when he spotted the "figure's" eyes moving (the only part of Mantis's body not paralyzed). Po and Master Shifu learned from Bian Zao about where they can find Taotie. Po and Master Shifu confronted Taotie who refused to give Mantis up...especially after Po unwisely revealed that Mantis would become permanently paralyzed in a matter of minutes. Taotie then attempts to make a break for it only for the skirmish between him, Po, and Master Shifu to make it onto the nearest stage. With help from the festival attendees, Po and Master Shifu cornered Taotie who ended up being beaten up by the attendees while Bian Zao gives Master Mantis back to Po and Master Shifu. While Master Shifu undoes the paralysis on Master Mantis, Bian Zao carried his beaten-up father away.
Bian Zao.
Bian Zao is the 13-year-old son of Taotie. He would reluctantly help his father in his revenge plots on Master Shifu.
In "Big Bro Po," Bian Zao ends up staying at the Jade Palace when his father is in Chorh-Gom Prison. Master Shifu ends up appointing Po to watch of Bian Zao despite the suspicions of Bian Zao. Po tries to find common ground with Bian Zao until it came to Po baking with Mr. Ping. Bian Zao stated that he had wished that his father would do something with him that doesn't involve destroying the Jade Palace. Bian Zao and Po end up visiting Taotie at Chorh-Gom Prison. Taotie convinces Bian Zao to make a bunch of cakes that would help him break out of Chorh-Gom Prison. Bian Zao secretly goes through with his father's plans by sneaking the parts of the Iron Claws of Doom into every cake he made. Despite his father's claims, Bian Zao thinks that his father would not go by his word not to do any other than attack the Jade Palace. Bian Zao ends up confessing to Po about Taotie's plot. When it came to a stalemate between Po and Taotie, Bian Zao ends up using a flying contraption to pick up Taotie and ends up knocking off the lubrication hose. Both of them managed to get away as Po claims that he brought Taotie and Bian Zao's family back together.
In "Bosom Enemies," Bian Zao assists Taotie into using a knife stand machine to attack Po which ends up failing. Taotie ends up in a nervous breakdown following his defeat and Po accidentally ripping off his pants. Bian Zao later turns to Po to get Taotie back to normal.
Jong.
Jong Sung Jai Kai Chow is exclusive to "". He is the ruler of a portion of land in China in which trespassers are severely dealt with where they "have their heads boiled with cabbage and their ear lobes stretched around their heads" as described by one of his warning signs. He has an unnamed son and is served by his guards which are made up of Javan Rhinos and Water Buffalos. Fung tricked Po into helping him break into Jong's castle so that he can abduct Jong's son with Fung claiming that he was breaking out his brother. The two of them ran by Jong while on their way out. When Po returned to the Jade Palace, two representatives of Jong's guards were seen telling Master Shifu that Po had assisted Fung into breaking into Jong's castle. When Po states that he was just helping Fung save his brother, Master Shifu states that Fung doesn't have a brother and the person that he helped Fung abduct was Jong's son. Master Shifu had to reluctantly let Jong's Javan Rhino guard and Water Buffalo guard arrest Po and bring him before Jong to face his crimes. At Jong's palace, Jong was preparing the trespassers penalty while Po is chained to the wall. In the nick of time, Fung in his Water Buffalo Guard disguise returned and gave Jong his son back. Yet even Jong's son wanted Po and Fung dealt with as Jong has his guards seize them. Po and Fung managed to escape from Jong's castle.
In "Hall of Lame", Po (who was looking for a trophy for the upcoming Warriors Festival at the time) comes to the aid of kid named Han when Jong's men led by Grim have been targeting Han's doll. When it came to rescuing the doll, Po manages to get the doll despite Han giving him away to the guards. When it came to crossing the bridge, Jong arrived and demanded the doll. Jong had a guard reveal that Han's father Han Sr. is in a cage that is hanging over the gorge the bridge is over. Jong tries to negotiate with Po for him to hand over the doll in exchange for Han Sr.'s freedom. Jong manages to claim the doll which actually contained a legendary dagger. Po ends up fighting Jong who activates the dagger's power to attack Po, Han, and Han Sr. with the resulting battle slowly collapsing the bridge. Po claimed the dagger and knocked out Jong with his men getting Jong away from Po.
Jong's Son.
Jong's son is exclusive to "". As his name suggests, he is the son of Jong yet his real name isn't revealed. Fung tricked Po into thinking that Fung's brother was captured by Jong so that he can abduct Jong's son. Po learned this too late when two of Jong's guards came to arrest Po. When Fung met up with his fellow bandits and learned what happened to Po, he felt remorse and decided to return Jong's son. Just as Jong was about to invoke the trespassers penalty on Po, Fung arrived in his Water Buffalo Guard disguise and released Jong's son to him. Yet even Jong's son wanted Po and Fung dealt with only for Po and Fung to escape from Jong's castle.
Grim.
Grim is a water buffalo who is exclusive to the TV series. He is one of Jong's henchmen.
In "Hall of Lame," Grim was ordered by Jong to obtain a doll that Han has in his possession as the doll contained a mystical dagger. After Po knocked out Jong, Grim helped the rest of Jong's men get Jong away from Po.
Tong Fo.
Tong Fo is a loris who is exclusive to "". He was known for once wielding the Sacred Hammer of Lei Lang and caused mass destruction with it. Tong Fo ended up defeated and was imprisoned in Chorh-Gom Prison. Before Tong Fo was incarcerated, he made a replica of the hammer and hid the real one in Camelback Mountain keeping its whereabouts a secret with the fake copy eventually finding its way at the Jade Palace. Po used the Shift Stone to assume the form of a goat criminal named Sheng in order to infiltrate Chorh-Gom Prison. Po got information from Tong Fo on where the real Sacred Hammer of Lei Lang was located. Tong Fo planned to break out of prison with the help of Fung and his Croc Bandits. Tong Fo learned that Sheng was actually Po in disguise and managed to trap Po in a cell and steal his Shift Stone which he used to disguise himself as a Chorh-Gom Guard and walk out of Chorh-Gom Prison. Arriving at Camelback Mountain, Tong Fo ran into Po as Master Tigress and Master Monkey arrived unaware that Sheng is actually Po in disguise. Tong Fo managed to obtain the Sacred Hammer of Lei Lang as the Croc Bandits arrived. In the ensuing conflict, the Sacred Hammer of Lei Lang was taken by a Croc Bandit that was actually Master Shifu in disguise. Tong Fo and the Croc Bandits were defeated.
In "Father Crime," Tong Fo enlisted Fung and his Croc Bandits in a plot to capture Master Shifu. This plot was thwared by Po, Master Shifu, and Master Shifu's dad Shirong.
Fenghuang.
Fenghuang is a Eurasian eagle-owl who is exclusive to "". She was a member of the original Furious Five alongside Master Shifu, an unnamed Snow Leopard, an unnamed Rooster, and an unnamed Elephant. Fenghuang became the strongest member of the Furious Five through a lot of training and even invented the Thundering Wind Hammer. As a result of being the strongest, she became power-hungry and evil.
One day, Fenghuang decided she deserved to rule the Jade Palace instead of Grand Master Oogway, believing herself to be more powerful than him. She challenged Oogway to a fight for the Palace; Oogway anticipated this and had an owl-shaped cage built for this occasion. After a long and fierce fight, Fenghuang knew that she could not defeat Oogway and fled before she could be captured, taking refuge in the Northern Mountains. Many years later, Po ended up in the Northern Mountains and ended up caught by Fenghuang when he was falling. When Fenghuang learns that Grand Master Oogway is dead, she flies off to the Jade Palace. Master Shifu and the Furious Five face her, but she easily defeats them. When Po returns, she convinces him to turn evil and orders him to kill Shifu. Po uses a trick knife to fool Fenghuang into thinking that he had actually killed Master Shifu and then placed Fenghuang into the owl-shaped cage. As Fenghuang's cage is being towed away to Chorh-Gom Prison, she vows to escape and have her revenge on Po.
In "Crane on a Wire," Fenghuang destroys the cage and crashes Po's Furious Five auction where she attacks Po and the Furious Five which resulted in Master Crane getting stuck in the wall. When Po discovered that Fenghuang's talons can't shred iron, Po and the other Furious Five were able to use the iron objects to break Fenghuang's talons. Fenghuang retreated with a broken wing. Upon news that Fenghuang is at the nearby mountains, Po and the Furious Five had to go confront her without Master Crane. Po and four of the Furious Five had a hard time fighting Fenghuang. After some encouragement from Zeng, Master Crane caught up with Po and helped to fight Fenghuang. Master Crane fought with Fenghuang in the sky over the village which ended with Master Crane and Po causing Fenghuang to crash to the ground in defeat.
Fenghuang is also the name of a mythical composite Chinese bird creature of the same name that has beautiful singing talents and a varying description.
Master Junjie.
Master Junjie is a red fox who is exclusive to "". He is a member of the Sacred Onyx Council alongside Master Chao. He first appeared in "Sight for Sore Eyes," where he and Chao traveled to the Valley of Peace to evaluate Master Shifu's skills as the master of the Jade Palace. He held a grudge against Shifu when Grand Master Oogway chose Shifu to run the Jade Palace. He also holds a hatred towards Po, believing him to be unworthy of taking the title of Dragon Warrior, despite Po's success as the Dragon Warrior. Junjie plotted and succeeded into removing Master Shifu from his position. Junjie then fired the Furious Five and replaced them with a team of snow leopards. It was later revealed that he had imprisoned Shifu and later did the same thing to Chao. While his Furious Five fought the actual Furious Five, Master Junjie fought against Master Po and was defeated. Master Shifu and the Furious Five were rehired while Junjie and his henchmen were remanded to Chorh-Gom-Prison. It can also be implied that Junjie was also ousted from the Sacred Onyx Council for his actions.
In "Ghost of Oogway," Master Junjie posed as the ghost of Master Oogway in order to fool Master Po into letting his guard down by doing nothing in combat training. Once Po and Shifu were out of the palace, Junjie used his disguise to enter the Jade Palace and subdued the Furious Five. When Po returned, he found the Furious Five tied up as Junjie sheds his disguise. Junjie then unleashes his henchmen on Po. Things weren't looking good for the panda, but in the nick of time, Master Shifu arrived and fooled Junjie by assuming the form of Grand Master Oogway. While the Furious Five fought Master Junjie's henchmen, Master Po managed to successfully use the Tae Bow Chow to knock out Master Junjie.
Junjie's Furious Five.
Junjie's version of the Furious Five were a bunch of clouded leopards that are trained in Kung Fu by Master Junjie. They serve as Master Junjie's students and henchmen when he succeeded in removing Master Shifu and the Furious Five from the Jade Palace. It was often speculated that one of its members is a female.
Even though Junjie's Furious Five don't normally speak, the one that does have dialogue in the first appearance was voiced by Toby Huss.
Hundun.
Hundun is a Javan Rhinoceros who is exclusive to "". He started out as a member of the Anvil of Heaven at Chorh-Gom Prison and was among the Anvil of Heaven members that tried to prevent Tai Lung from escaping Chorh-Gom Prison. When Po had defeated Tai Lung, Chorh-Gom Prison was closed down, leaving Hundun without a job. He lost his home and his wife leading Hundun to pin the blame of this on the Dragon Warrior. When he arrived in the Valley of Peace, he unknowingly befriended Po and learned some Kung Fu moves from him. When he finally learned that Po was the Dragon Warrior, he ended up attacking Po after easily taking down the Furious Five (Po unknowingly told Hundun of their weaknesses). Po manages to fight Hundun in front of everyone and managed to defeat Hundun when the Statue of Po fell on him. Hundun was returned to Chorh-Gom Prison as a prisoner as Hundun vows to have his revenge on Po.
In "Challenge Day," Hundun returns having replaced his broken horn with a hollow one containing knock-out arrows and a concealed blade. He takes the opportunity to take part in the Dragon Warrior Challenge where he manages to defeat Master Po (who was still weakened from rescuing a child from a collapsing chimney). After using the knock-out arrows on Shifu (who stated that he made up the Dragon Warrior Challenge), Hundun ended up going on a rampage in the village until Po recovered and defeated him.
In "Royal Pain," Meng Tao freed Hundun from Chorh-Gom Prison to help him make Lu Kang fail in exchange for his freedom. Although Hundun managed to incapacitate Po, he and Meng Tao were defeated by Lu Kang and were remanded to Chorh-Gom Prison.
In "The Most Dangerous Po," Hundun approaches General Tsin's property looking for a bakery (which General Tsin lured him here). It is also revealed that Hundun likes plum pie. General Tsin mentions to Po that he was hunting Hundun after luring him with a coupon for a bakery sale. Po fights Hundun (who thinks that Po is after his pie) while trying to secretly warn Hundun that General Tsin is hunting him. General Tsin then enters the battle and defeats him. Hundun is then subjected to the stiffening Zu Chao powder like the rest of the villains he had hunted. He is later rescued by Po, but escapes upon being repelled by Po. Hundun tells Po that this isn't over.
In "War of the Noodles," Po finds Hundun where he mistook him for setting a building on fire where he has set up fireworks. Hundun reveals that he has opened up a new noodle shop where Po had demonstrated some of the recipes in Po's last visit to Chorh-Gom Prison. He has enlisted a Gorilla, a Pig, and a Rabbit to assist in his business. Mr. Ping was suspicious of Hundun's activity. Mr. Ping remembers that the property of Hundun's restaurant is above the tunnels leading to the Jade Palace and suspects that Hundun and his accomplices are going to attack the Jade Palace. Po investigates and is spotted by Hundun's accomplices as Hundun suspects that Po is burglaring him. Hundun states that he doesn't know what he is talking about and Po found that there is no tunnel as the previous owner filled him out. Po apologized to Hundun who tearfully walked away as Po leaves. As Mr. Ping and Hundun's rivalry intenses, Po brings Hundun a fruit basket as an apology. Hundun agrees to forgive Po if he can get his restaurant off the ground. After Mr. Ping found Po also helping Hundun, he went to Hundun to beg for a job and finds that Hundun and his accomplices unfilling the tunnel and gets caught by Hundun who captures Mr. Ping. Hundun revealed to Mr. Ping that he tricked Po and that he will invade the Jade Palace and blow it up with his fireworks. Po arrives and fights Hundun and his accomplices while working to put out the fuse. Hundun manages to trap Po as he and his acommplices start to leave. Po puts out the fuse. Using a rocket, Po rides it through the tunnels as he collides it with Hundun and his accomplices. With Hundun's noodle shop destroyed, he and his accomplices are arrested.
Bao.
Bao is a pig who is exclusive to "". Bao first appeared in "Master Ping" where and his accomplices Lao and Tsao attacked Mr. Ping's noodle shop only to be defeated by Po. When Bao decides that he, Lao, and Tsao want to learn Kung Fu, they decide to abduct Master Shifu and force him to teach them Kung Fu. Unfortunately, they mistook Mr. Ping as Master Shifu as Mr. Ping only knew of the Chao Wa Punch Kick move which causes immobilization on whoever is hit by it. Bao and his followers decide to use it on Po when he comes to rescue Mr. Ping. With help from Po, Mr. Ping manages to use the Chao Wa Punch Kick on Bao and his followers.
In "The Most Dangerous Po," Bao is among the villains that were hunted by General Tsin and subjected to stiffening Zu Chao Powder. He is later rescued by Po, but escapes upon being repelled by Po.
In "Shifu's Back," Bao, Lao, and Tsao captured Superintendent Woo after his inspection of the Jade Palace. When Po, Master Shifu, and Constable Hu arrived, Superintendent Woo had to reinstate Constable Hu and reopen the Jade Palace in order to get them to rescue him from Bao, Lao, and Tsao. Po, Master Shifu, and Constable Hu were able to rescue Superintendent Woo and fend off Bao, Lao, and Tsao.
Lao.
Lao is one of Bao's accomplices.
Tsao.
Tsao is one of Bao's accomplices.
Su.
Su is a clouded leopard that is exclusive to "".
Su is the leader of the Ladies of the Shade, a group of traveling females that work as entertainers as a cover-up to the fact that they are actually a group of thieves. Su assigned Song to get close to Po and get him to enable the Ladies of the Shade to enter the Jade Palace so that they can steal the Dragon Chalice. Su eventually convinces Po to let the Ladies of the Shade perform at the Jade Palace where they claimed that they used to dance for a harsh Crocodile Warlord before they left which Po agreed to. The Ladies of the Shade did a private dance for Po and the Furious Five at the Jade Palace. As they danced however, one of them grabbed the Dragon Chalice which Tigress noticed and she leaped in to attack. The Furious Five fought the Ladies of the Shade with Po feeling dismayed and hurt from Song's betrayal. The fight ended when the Ladies of the Shade made an escape taking the Chalice with them. Upon finding the Ladies of the Shade's hideout, Po, Master Crane, and Master Viper had to disguise themselves with Po as a female, Master Crane as Po's dress, and Master Viper as a parasol so that they can get the Dragon Chalice back from Su. Su saw threw their disguise and summoned the Ladies of the Shade to her aid. Song eventually turned against Su and assisted Po into fighting Su and the Ladies of the Shade. Su was defeated by Po while the rest of the Ladies of the Shade were blown away by the gust of the Canyon of the Shrieking Winds. Su was left tied up until a transport to Chorh-Gom Prison arrived while Song left to lead the Ladies of the Shade down the good path.
Wu Kong.
Wu Kong is a Gee's golden langur exclusive to "". He is the older brother of Monkey and is skilled in thievery and some monkey-style Kung Fu techniques. His first and so far only appearance was in the episode "Monkey in the Middle", where he came to the Valley of Peace and went on a crime spree across the village's market. Even though he was defeated by Po and Master Monkey, Wu Kong ended up getting away.
His name is an homage to Sun Wukong, the Monkey King.
Meng Tao.
Meng Tao is the diplomat of the Emperor of China. He accompanied the Emperor's grandson Lu Kang to the Kung Fu camp where Master Shifu and the Furious Five were counseling. Meng Tao left Lu Kang to Master Shifu and the Furious Five in order to learn Kung Fu. When Po, the Dragon Warrior and master in charge of Lu Kang's training, rashly makes a vow to fully train Lu Kang, Meng Tao informs him that breaking that vow would result in beheading for every master of the Jade Palace. Meng Tao then left the horrified masters to continue with training. Unknown to all, Meng Tao actually wanted Lu Kang to fail as failure would bring great disgrace to the Emperor forcing him to give Meng Tao the throne. When Meng Tao learned that Po had successfully trained Lu Kang, Meng Tao went to Chorh-Gom Prison and made a deal with Hundun where he will offer Hundun his freedom in exchange that he helps Lu Kang to fail. While Hundun incapacitated Po at the Pool of Sacred Tears, Meng Tao drew a pair of blades and attempted to murder Lu Kang squashing Lu Kang's bean pod in the process. At first, Lu Kang fell into despair. But when Po revealed that the bean pod he gave him was not magical and that Lu Kang had in fact done all his skills himself, Lu Kang regained the confidence to utilize the unorthodox techniques he had developed while training to ultimately defeat both Meng Tao and Hundun in combat. Meng Tao and Hundun were then remanded to Chorh-Gom Prison.
General Tsin.
General Tsin is a character that is exclusive to "". Once a well-known war hero throughout all of China, General Tsin was forced into retirement after eliminating all of the country's villainous threats and became one of the Jade Palace's benefactors. The transition of all the threats eventually took its toll on his mind throughout the years.
As a result, he began a new hobby of "hunting and collecting" villains (somewhat similar to the motives of General Zaroff from '"The Most Dangerous Game") around the Valley of Peace where he subjected his victims to stiffening Zu Chao Powder. Some of his targets include Scorpion, Temutai, Fung, Gah-ri, Jing Mei, Taotie, and Bao.
When Po is invited to General Tsin's palace, he ends up taking part in a villain-stopping expedition with Po unaware of General Tsin's motives. This involved General Tsin hunting his latest target Hundun. Po fought with Hundun while trying to warn him only for General Tsin to defeat Hundun and add him to his collection. When Po started to question General Tsin's motives and mentality, General Tsin ended up hunting Po. Po managed to evade General Tsin, but doubled back following a vision revolving around Hundun speaking to him. During the fight with Po in his collection room, General Tsin trapped Po in the Zu Chao Powder chamber where it was discovered that Po had reversed the powder's effects freeing the villains who then end up attacking General Tsin. General Tsin fought the villains who are then repelled by Po. Although General Tsin is remanded to Chorh-Gom Prison, Master Shifu was not pleased that one of the Jade Palace's benefactors ended up incarcerated because of his actions. Po then states that now they can go after the villains that escaped from General Tsin's palace.
In "Qilin Time," General Tsin was released from jail to start a new life and recover from his insanity. Po and Mr. Ping encounter General Tsin who is hunting the Qilin. In the end of the episode, Po and Mr. Ping were able to convince him that there was no Qilin and he was still crazy.
Undertaker.
The Undertaker is the property caretaker of the Valley of Peace's cemetery.
He appeared in "The Po Who Cried Ghost" where it is shown that the Undertaker has been using a mystical staff to raise an army of Jiangshi in a plot to take over all of China. It is shown that Master Shifu has been converted into a Jiang Shi as the Undertaker unleashes the Jiang Shi on Po, Master Tigress, and Master Monkey. Upon the three of them being pinned down by the Jiang Shi, Po snatches the mystical staff from the Undertaker and orders them to return to the Earth to be at peace forever. Before they do so, Po orders the Jiang Shi to drop the Undertaker off at Chorh-Gom Prison.
Ke-Pa.
Ke-Pa is a dangerous Dragon-Demon who first appeared in the "" special "Enter the Dragon."
Ke-Pa was the ruler of all the Demons from the Underworld. They ravaged all of China until Grand Master Oogway defeated the Demons and sealed them away. Then Grand Master Oogway fought against Ke-Pa. When all hope seemed lost, the power of the Peach Tree ended up giving Grand Master Oogway the power to fend off Ke-Pa, known as "Hero's Chi".
In present day, Ke-Pa is in his mortal guise of an old pig retelling his tale to some crocodile and water buffalo criminals in a bar who ended up laughing at his tale. When some of the Peach Tree started to fall off, Ke-Pa began to regain his powers and beat up the criminals. Ke-Pa then headed to the Valley of Peace. Po pridefully tries to stop him, but Ke-Pa has proven himself more than a match for him. When the tree dies, Ke-Pa regains his full powers and because he learned that Po was the Dragon Warrior, Ke-Pa decides the most appropriate to take to defeat him would be an actual beast and assumes the form of a huge, colorful, winged Dragon. Ke-Pa tells Po and Shifu that if they don't surrender the Hero's Chi so he can release the Demons, he will devour the villagers. Shifu tell him that he has the Hero's Chi and he angrily sends Po off for letting his selfishness get the best of him and forgetting to warn the villagers. However, Ke-Pa later finds out that Shifu is not the host of the Hero's Chi, but Po is. Ke-Pa crushes Po close to death extracting the Hero's Chi and breaking the seal, thus releasing the Demons. Po's Life Force and Chi restored by the Peach Tree Sapling that Shifu planted in the Kung Fu Panda first movie. Po managed to defeat the Demons and reseal the remaining ones. Po then fights Ke-Pa and uses the Chi he has left to defeat Ke-Pa.
NOTE: Because Dragons are considered benificient deities in both real oriental culture, and the Kung Fu Panda Universe that mirrors it, it is made clear that Ke-Pa was not a true Dragon, but a maniacal Demon that could change his shape to any creature, including a monster. Demons in their true form, as seen in this episode are black, amorphus spirit-devils. No actual oriental beings have appeared in the Kung Fu Panda world, and may not, since they are more of a deity than an actual animal.
Master Ding.
Master Ding is a Kung Fu Master who had committed some mental attacks on innocent victims with his Spirit Orbs. It took Grand Master Oogway and the Furious Five members at the time to defeat Master Ding and imprisoned him for life in a prison castle on Mugu Mountain while the Spirit Orbs were confiscated.
Many years later, Po and Master Tigress accidentally released Master Ding's Spirit Orbs which then left to Master Ding's prison. Once Po and Master Tigress arrive, they ended up having to deal with Master Ding's ghost who gives Po and Master Tigress a hard time. When Master Ding manages to possess Po in order to exit his prison, Master Tigress gained control of the Spirit Orbs and fought against Master Ding in Po's mind. Po and Master Tigress were able to exorcise Master Ding's ghost from Po's body and return the Spirit Orbs to the Jade Palace.
Lin Kuei.
The Lin Kuei (also spelled Lin Quay) are a group of Tibetan Wolves that are exclusive to "". The Lin Kuei are expert assassins and thieves who were trained from birth to steal priceful and powerful artifacts from Kung Fu Masters.
Heilang.
Heilang is the leader of the Lin Kuei who is blind in one eye.
He first appeared in "The Secret Museum of Kung Fu" where he led the Lin Kuei into going after the Phantom Orb which was located in the Secret Museum of Kung Fu. Heilang and the Lin Kuei were repelled by Po, Master Shifu, and the Furious Five.
In "Mama Told Me Not to Kung Fu," Heilang and the Lin Kuei go after the Shadow Crown. At that time, Master Crane's mother Yan Fan thought that Heilang and the Lin Kuei were employees at the Jade Palace.
Pai Mei.
Pai Mei is a rogue Kung Fu Master who is exclusive to "".
Pai Mei was a Kung Fu Master who was the most evil and abusive of all time. He was defeated by Master Shifu and exiled after attempting to overpower the Emperor.
He first appeared in "Five is Enough" where he destroyed two guards and took down Master Chao. He then took a flag and ended up engaging Po, Master Shifu, and the Furious Five. He was defeated by them and fell off a cliff. His fate after that was unknown.
Mei Ling (Villain).
Not to be confused with the female Snow Leopard of the same name, Mei Ling is a female fox (vixen) and an antagonist exclusive to . A rogue Kung Fu master with skills that rival Shifu's, Mei Ling was also Shifu's love interest for an unspecified amount of time (much to Po's disbelief when she tells him). Falling in love after their first confrontation, they quickly entered a relationship. However, Shifu broke off the relationship after Mei Ling refused to stop using her Kung Fu to steal. In "Shifu's Ex", she returns to the Jade Palace, much to Shifu's dismay, causing him to panic hysterically and resort to hiding in a closet. Mei Ling though is wise to these avoidance tricks and easily finds him. She later uses the Zhou Deng Soul Gem to swap bodies with him during a kiss in order to manipulate Po and the Furious Five to rob an imperial convoy of precious jewels. However, this failed when Shifu (still in Mei Ling's body) revealed the deception and used the Soul Gem to swap back their respective bodies while they embraced in another kiss. After she was defeated by Po and the Furious Five, Mei Ling was arrested and sent to Chorh-Gom Prison, only to escape while being escorted there. Her escape delighted Shifu to no end revealing that even after the events she put him through, he still is in love with Mei Ling.
Kira Kozu.
Kira Kozu is a clam who is exclusive to "".
Kira Kozu is a samurai that was a former comrade of Yijiro until the day that he betrayed the Ishida Clan and became a Rōnin with plans to take over Japan.
Some time later, Kira Kozu and his followers arrived in the Valley of Peace. Yijiro teamed up with the Furious Five where the samurai methods that Yijiro taught Po was enough to defeat Kira.
Fu-Xi.
Fu-Xi is a cobra who is exclusive to "".
Fu-Xi was once a famous hero that was descended from the Dragon Gods who fought nobly to defend China from evildoers. Fu-Xi later went rogue after he was betrayed by the "two-leggers" that he fought alongside of where the "two-leggers" feared his power and slew his family.
Later on in his life, Fu-Xi appeared in the Valley of Peace where he had saved Master Viper from some paranoid villagers. He addressed Master Viper as "Great Master Viper of the Jade Palace" and saw her to be a potential ally/apprentice in his goals. He tries to get Master Viper to not fight alongside the "two-leggers" and that she should fight alongside the snakes. With help from Po, Master Viper was able to defeat Fu-Xi where his plan to convert Master Viper to his side proved to be his downfall.
NOTE: Fu-Xi was named after the Chinese deity of the same name.
Sanzu.
Sanzu is a Chinese Pangolin who is exclusive to "".
Sanzu is the greedy caretaker of a bunch of orphans. He organized them into stealing money and various things for him from the Valley of Peace's citizens. Eventually, Po caught onto Sanzu's plans where he was able to free the orphans from his control. Po then defeated Sanzu who is then remanded to Chorh-Gom Prison. The orphans were then placed in the care of Mrs. Yoon.
Allies.
Mr. Ping.
Mr. Ping is Po's adoptive father, who runs the most popular noodle shop in the Valley. He considers his work deeply fulfilling, and hopes that his son will continue to operate the shop, wishing to share with him the family's secret recipe to great noodles (which was passed down to him from his father who took it from Mr. Ping's paternal grandfather, who won it from a friend in a game of mahjong). When he believes his son is ready, he informs him that there is actually "no" secret ingredient, and that things are special if someone believes them to be. This piece of advice leads Po to understand the cryptic message of the Dragon Scroll, which makes him the Dragon Warrior and allows him to fulfill his destiny.
Po and his father share a deep mutual love and respect. This shows in how Po cannot bear to disappoint his father about his differing ambitions while Mr. Ping respects his son's decisions enough to neither protest nor interfere after the panda is dubbed the Dragon Warrior. At Po's triumph over Tai Lung, all of Mr. Ping's doubts of his son's destiny vanish as he proclaims his pride in Po to the world as they embrace.
Furthermore, the end credit graphics indicate that Po keeps closely in touch with his father such as continuing to work at the restaurant. In addition, Ping establishes a friendship with the panda's other father figure and master, Shifu. He is extremely skilled at Chinese chess as shown when he outwits Shifu in a match.
However, the "Kung Fu Panda Holiday" shows that Mr. Ping harbors a deep-seated anxiety of Po leaving him in his nightmares. In addition, Ping finds the conflict of his priorities with his son's responsibilities as the Dragon Warrior deeply upsetting, especially since Master Shifu is prone to imperiously draw Po away on these matters at will. This comes to a head when Po is tasked to host the Winter Festival banquet for the Masters, which takes place at the same night as their traditional dinner at the restaurant. Although Po offers to give his father the high honor of cooking for the formal banquet, Ping stubbornly insists that he cannot close the restaurant for that night and forsake the lonely (and profitable) clientele who have nowhere else to celebrate the holiday. As a result, both father and son struggle in their separate culinary tasks, until Po decides he should be with his father and leaves the banquet early. In turn, Mr. Ping, who was struggling with his own preparations at this time, confesses that he was unfair to Po and concedes his larger duties with his martial arts calling. Regardless, the reunited family creates a successful event at the restaurant that not only pleases their usual customers, but also the visiting kung fu masters, who decide to come themselves out of admiration of Po's loyalty and the relaxed atmosphere. As the second feature film indicates, he was then able to accept his son's subsequent departure to follow his calling with some peace, though like any parent, he still worries for his son's safety.
In "Kung Fu Panda 2", it was revealed that one day, while gathering the new shipments of vegetables he ordered, Mr. Ping found a baby panda in one of the shipment's radish crates (with the shipment of radishes being eaten). Surprised, he looked around and waited for someone to come find the infant. When no one came, he decided to keep the child until someone came looking for him. Quickly finding out that the infant was too big and heavy to carry in, he led him inside with a trail of vegetables. He bathed him, fed him, and nurtured him until one day, he came to realize that no one was coming for the child. He then made two life-altering decisions: He would never use radishes for noodle soup, and he would keep the child as his own son. It is assumed that around this point, Mr. Ping named the baby panda Po.
Mr. Ping is also shown to be a shrewd, if a bit opportunistic, businessman, despite seeming silly other times. For instance, he has renamed his restaurant as "Mr. Ping's Dragon Warrior Noodles and Tofu" (ironically, in the first film Mr. Ping mentioned he once dreamt of running away to make tofu, though he dismissed it as a "stupid dream") with Po's belongings put on display. When Po comes to visit, he cries, "In honor of my son, free tofu dessert for everybody," only to add "with purchases," which causes his customers to groan and when Po returns from Gongmen City, Mr. Ping also shows him the posters he made advertising "My Son Saved China-- You Too Can Save ! Buy 1 Dumpling, Get 1 Free". In the Holiday special, he tells Po that he owes him 17 yuan for the bedroom door, which Po had charged through believing his father was in trouble (Mr. Ping had awoken from a "noodle dream" that turned bad) and also appreciates hosting a feast for Winter Festival not only for giving comfort to the lonely, but also being able to charge a premium doing so ("And lonely people pay extra"). Furhermore, at the end, when the Furious Five visit, Mr. Ping mentions to Po that Mantis, despite his size, must pay full price for his soup ("The little one pays full price, but eats like a child").
From a behind-the-scenes featurette on the first "Kung Fu Panda" movie DVD, the filmmakers reveal that (when hearing about James Hong's father having a noodle shop) they brought this to his character Mr. Ping. James Hong is the only voice actor to reprise his role as Mr. Ping in the films, TV series, and video games.
Zeng.
Zeng is a palace goose, who acts in the first movie as Master Shifu's messenger and is specifically given the mission to try to double the amount of guards at Chorh-Gom Prison where Tai Lung is held captive, under the orders of Shifu, based on Oogway's vision that Tai Lung will escape. The irony is that, while visiting the prison, one of Zeng's feathers falls near Tai Lung, who uses it to pick the lock on his restraints and escape, echoing one of Oogway's statements that "one often meets his destiny on the road he takes to avoid it." In the resulting carnage, Zeng is spared and forced to return to the valley and herald Tai Lung's escape. He is extremely nervous and pessimistic, but is nonetheless willing to fulfill the assignment given to him. During the credits, a picture shows Zeng gluing the Urn of Whispering Warriors, which Po had broken earlier, back together.
He makes a small, non-speaking, cameo appearance in Kung Fu Panda 2.
In "Kung Fu Panda Holiday", Zeng helps Po into picking out a chef to cook the meals at the Jade Palace's formal Winter Feast dinner. He even knows the meanings of different gestures a host makes, interpreting Po's wave to Monkey as the "Hun Shu wave of dismissal".
It is revealed in the episode "Challenge Day" that Zeng knows all 1200 bamboo types.
Commander Vachir.
Commander Vachir is the chief of security at Chorh-Gom Prison, and the leader of the Anvil of Heaven, a one thousand-strong army of elite battle rhinos. He was placed in charge of the prison at the recommendation of Master Flying Rhino. Vachir has a ruby horn-shaped cap in place of his nose horn, as a decorative prosthetic. Before Tai Lung's incarceration, the Anvil of Heaven opposed tyranny and injustice throughout China, and were notorious for their fearlessness and terrifying fighting skills. Vachir was charged with the construction of Chorh-Gom Prison, and he oversaw Tai Lung's imprisonment for twenty years. Overconfident of the prison's security, Vachir greatly underestimated Tai Lung's potential and failed to stop him from escaping and was caught in an explosion along with many of his troops and is seen falling off a cliff. Although his horn-shaped cap was seen amongst the ruins, it is unknown if Commander Vachir survived or not.
In issue one of the "Kung Fu Panda" comics (which took place some time after Tai Lung's escape), Chorh-Gom Prison was rebuilt with a variety of new traps. Po and the Furious Five volunteered to test the prison's new security system and were given a tour by the new warden and Vachir's successor (who appeared to be just as overconfident as his predecessor).
Mei Ling.
Mei Ling, a Chinese Mountain Cat, is the star student at the Lee Da Kung Fu Academy where Crane worked as a janitor. Upon seeing Crane's graceful movement, she urged him to attempt to enroll into the school as a student. Inspired by her faith in him, Crane agreed to make the attempt and she made sure his application was recognized at the induction challenge. Although Mei Ling felt she unnecessarily exposed Crane to public humiliation when his attempt was mocked, Crane stumbled into the obstacle course challenge for prospective students and performed well in it, leading to his enrollment at the academy.
Wo Hop.
Wo Hop is a renowned chef who was among the first to audition for the honor to cook for the Kung Fu Masters Winter Festival banquet, which was hosted that year by Po. Unfortunately, Po was unfamiliar with the intricate customs of the selection process and inadvertently disgraced Hop while waving to Monkey. Although Po attempted to immediately undo the error, custom allowed for no flexibility on the matter and the disgrace stood.
Desperate to redeem himself with his death, Wo Hop later attempted to assault Po in the kitchen in hopes that the Dragon Warrior would kill him in self-defense. Not wanting to harm the rabbit, Po was able to easily confine him to a flour pot, but he later escaped and harassed the Panda as part of the overwhelming complications for the banquet preparations. However, Wo Hop's casual observation about the limits of Kung Fu inspired Po to enlist the aid of the Furious Five while offering to kill the rabbit after he helped with the cooking. Wo Hop agreed, but Po still had to continually stop a number of his suicide attempts in the process. Regardless, the meal was successfully prepared with the rabbit's help.
After Po left to work his father at the restaurant for their own Winter Festival occasion, Wo Hop made one last attempt to attack Po. However, Po then presented Wo Hop with the Golden Ladle, the intended honor for the official cook of the Master's formal feast, which restored his honor in his eyes. Furthermore, Po also included the rabbit in the one approved commemorative portrait with all his family and friends as an additional honor.
The Soothsayer.
The Soothsayer is an elderly goat who once was Shen's nanny who foretold Shen's doom. The Soothsayer has a strange relationship with the peacock.
She also knows what Lord Shen did to Po's village and helps him to stop fighting his memories and achieve inner peace. Her extraordinary gift of second sight gives her insight in the true nature of any and all that she encounters. She is also shown to be an extremely skilled healer. She openly antagonizes Shen and bites/eats his robes several times, but obviously cares for him. As Lord Shen gradually sinks into madness, she continuously tries to get him to change and reform, telling him that his parents loved him and that they died from grief when he left, while he declares that they wronged him and hated him.
The Soothsayer was present upon Lord Shen's return where he used his cannon to kill Master Thundering Rhino, had Master Storming Ox and Master Croc imprisoned, and even took the Soothsayer with him as his prisoner.
He seems to want her to admit that she was wrong, but does not harm her in any way. When he sets out to conquer China, he tells his guards to release her, not kill her.
The Soothsayer later saves Po's life with acupuncture when she finds him in the river. When he refuses to drink her herbal mixture, she presses his pressure points and forces him to open his mouth and swallow.
After Lord Shen and his armies are defeated, the Soothsayer is last seen enjoying the fireworks with the Gongmen City residents.
Peng.
Peng is a young snow leopard who was a former potter before he took to traveling and is a self-taught prodigy in martial arts. He is also the nephew of the villain, Tai Lung.
He visited the Valley of Peace during its Peace Jubilee and was forced into a confrontation with Temutai's nephew, Jing Mei. When the leopard quickly defeated the young water buffalo, the deeply impressed Po persuaded Master Shifu to consider taking him in as a student. Unfortunately, the combination of the cub's likably humble character and his considerable skill drew him so much favor with Jade Palace's residents that Po grew threatened and little jealous, especially when the cub mused of becoming the Dragon Warrior himself.
In response, Po falsely claimed to Peng that Shifu rejected him. Unfortunately, Peng in a rage decided to prove himself by killing Temutai and immediately attacked the water buffalo in his tent. Po, alarmed at his mistake and the cub's murderous overreaction, attempted to intervene, but the fight drifted into the festivities and provoked a riot. Eventually, Po is finally able to confess his deception and apologize to Peng, who immediately calmed down and similarly apologized for losing his temper, allowing the unwitting rivals to reconcile along with Temutai in the spirit of the occasion.
After the Jubilee during the episode's twist ending, Peng decides to leave to continue his quest that he tells Po about...to find his uncle Tai Lung.
In "Master and the Panda", Peng is first seen selling pottery in the markets of the Valley of Peace during the crafts fair. Two crocodile bandits harass and try to rob him, but Peng quickly defeats them, denying Po, Crane, and Monkey the opportunity. Po flees the scene during Peng's battle, shortly after he tells Monkey and Crane of Peng's relation to Tai Lung. When Monkey and Crane brought Peng back to the Jade Palace, the other masters were overjoyed to see him. Po attempted to hide using a shift-stone, and was revealed by Shifu. Po was forced to reveal that he had vanquished Tai Lung to Peng in private, and Peng attacked and defeated Po in a rage, sending him fleeing. The incident frightened Po where he stayed up all night until Peng ambushed him, bringing with him with Tai Lung's sword. Peng admitted that Po was right about Tai Lung and that vengeance was not the answer, but decided to quit kung fu, out of fear that he would become as evil as his uncle had. However, this changed when Po came after him, begging for his help in order to defeat Temutai, whom had empowered himself with the Gong Lu Medallion, an amulet that enhanced his strength and his darkest crazed emotions. Together Po and Peng defeated Temutai, but upon stealing away the medallion, Peng was ensnared by its evil, declaring that he was not afraid of power and should instead embrace it. Peng then fought Po in an eerily similar battle to the one he fought against Tai Lung. During the battle, the crazed Peng also blamed Po for corrupting Tai Lung and taking the title and power of the Dragon Warrior from him. Upon wishing that Tai Lung was there to watch him defeat Po, Peng was shocked to see Tai Lung himself appear, who explained that the medallion brought him back to life. Tai Lung then agreed to help him destroy Po and his nephew's enemies, but then horrified him with the idea of destroying everyone. Peng then finally came to his senses, defeating Tai Lung and denouncing him as a villain and a disgrace, and refusing to kill him. Tai Lung then reveals himself to be Po, who used a shift-stone to trick Peng and bring him to his senses. Po explains and reassures that Peng and Tai Lung are nothing alike, as Peng has the heart and spirit of a true warrior. After safely disposing of the medallion, Peng is offered the chance to train at the Jade Palace and is offered his uncle's sword, but Peng turns down the offer, and smashes the sword, saying it can no longer hurt anyone and neither can he. Peng states that kung fu is over for him and leaves out of fear of the darkness inside him and his fear of not being able to control or defeat it, leaving Shifu, the Furious Five, and especially Po greatly saddened.
Song.
Song is a young clouded leopard who is a member of The Ladies of the Shade, a group of clouded snow leopard bandits who steals from others while entertain them with parasol dancing. Po had a crush on her.
She visited the Valley of Peace with Su, the leader. They are introduced performers who steal from their audience. When they met Po, who stopped a thief from stealing their luggage, and learn that he lives in the Jade Palace, Su decides to make a plan to steal the Dragon Chalice. Su puts Song up to the task to charm Po into allowing them to enter the Jade Palace, so Song asks to Po to "show her around the village". They spend the time touring the town but with Po's childlike behavior makes it hard for Song to charm Po and instead she finds herself beginning to like Po due to his kindness and humor. Afterwards, Po declares Song the first girl he has ever been best friends with. Song wanted to tell Po that she was a bandit, but Su comes in and tells Po that they are homeless. Feeling sorry, Po offers the ladies to spend a night in the Jade Palace. As a token of their gratitude, the ladies performed a dance for Po and the Furious Five. While dancing, they steal the dragon chalice, revealing the ladies as thieves leaving Po feeling betrayed by Song.
When Po enters the campsite of The Ladies of the Shade, he runs into Song. Song feels guilty for what she did to Po and tries to apologize but he refused to accept it. Eventually Po is discovered as an intruder but instead of turning on him, Song helps to defend Po from Su and the Ladies of the Shade. In the end Po accepts Song's apology and she thanks him with a kiss on the cheek before she leaves with her group, becoming the new leader of The Ladies of the Shade.
Constable Hu.
Constable Hu is an Indian Elephant that is exclusive to "".
He first appears in "Present Tense" where he offers up a bounty for the capture of Shengqi. Po takes up Constable Hu's offer. When Po learns the truth about Shengqi and brings him to the Valley of Peace to be reunited with his daughter Xiao Niao, Constable Hu tried to stop them and apprehend Shengqi only for Po to tell Constable Hu the truth about what happened the day when Shengqi was incarcerated at Chorh-Gom Prison. Constable Hu tells Po that he will see to it that Shengqi's sentence is overturned.
In "Invitation Only," Constable Hu appears before the Furious Five and tells him that he is holding an invitation to Upper Head District Chief Superior Superintendent Chang. When Po arrives at Constable Hu's house to ask about why his invitation hasn't arrived yet. Constable Hu tells Po that he wasn't invited and admitted that Po doesn't have good table manners. When Po begs to Constable Hu to let him come, Constable Hu says "no." When it comes time for the banquet, Constable Hu is nervous at what Superintendent Chang will think of the banquet. When Superintendent Chang gets bored, Constable Hu has Master Shifu and the Furious Five perform something that Superintendent Chang hasn't seen until the banquet was crashed by Temutai. After Po defeated Temutai, Constable Hu told Po to skedaddle until Superintendent Chang invited Po to sit by him. Superintendent Chang tells Constable Hu that the banquet was boring until Po arrived. When Master Shifu hoped that Superintendent Chang would promote Constable Hu and reassign him, Superintendent Chang instead renews Constable Hu's position for another 10 years.
In "Shifu's Back", Po and the others are left waiting for a very long time when it is decided that they need a licence to use their kung fu. Constable Hu finally delivers it to the Jade Palace and, although he admits that criminals are running riot without the Dragon Warrior and the Furious Five to stop them, he doesn't seem happy about giving them their licence.
In "The Midnight Stranger," Constable Hu outlaws Kung Fu due to the overdoing of Kung Fu and tells Po and the Furious Five do any Kung Fu, he will have them remanded to Chor-Gom Prison. When Po has been masquerading as the Midnight Stranger to defend the Valley of Peace, Constable Hu was surprised that he found some criminals in his cell after they were defeated by the Midnight Stranger. Constable Hu finds the Midnight Strange saving a villager from a criminal causing Constable Hu to pursue him after stopping various criminals. Constable Hu later visits Po offering him the opportunity to do a little Kung Fu on the Midnight Stranger during the stakeout. When Mr. Ping masquerades as the Midnight Stranger and stops a robbery at an apple cat, Constable Hu mistakes him as the Midnight Stranger that he was stalking and arrests him. Po ends up becoming the Midnight Strange and confesses that he was masquerading as him admitting that he was doing wrong what was right as Constable Hu arrests him. When the pig criminals arrive and admit they manipulated Constable Hu into outlawing Kung Fu, Constable Hu was surprised at this as the pig criminals bring Lidong to help them. Constable Hu helps Po fend off Lidong and the pig criminals. Constable Hu then lifts the ban on Kung Fu as he plans to have Lidong and the pig criminals remanded to Chor-Gom Prison.
Yijiro.
Yijiro is a Prawn who is exclusive to "".
Yijiro is a master samurai that is associated with the Ishida Clan. He is loyal to the Bushido code and will protect the weak. He was a former comrade of Kira until the day when Kira betrayed the Ishida Clan and formed his own army. Yijiro has been after him since.
Some time later, Yijiro traced Kira and his allies to the Valley of Peace where he allied with Po and the Furious Five to fight Kira. Yijiro trained Po in the code of Bushido which did come in handy with helping Yijiro defeat Kira.
Video game characters.
The following characters had appeared in the video games:
Blackhoof Boar Clan.
The Blackhoof Boar Clan is a group of boars who are exclusive to the "Kung Fu Panda" video game. They were one of the bandit groups that join Tai Lung after he escapes from Chor-Gom Prison. The Blackhoof Boar Clan come in different types:
Vultures.
Three unnamed Vultures appear as enemies in the "Kung Fu Panda" video game. They try to catch and eat Zeng (who was on his way back from Chorh-Gom Prison) only for the Vultures to be defeated by Master Crane.
Two of the Vultures are voiced by Steven Blum and Andrew Kishino.
Imperial Golden Croc Gang.
The Imperial Golden Croc Gang is a group of crocodiles who are exclusive to the "Kung Fu Panda" video game. It consists of well-armored crocodiles who work for the Queen Crocodile and the Crocodile Sergeant. They were recruited by Tai Lung to serve him after he had escaped from Chor-Gom Prison. Po and Master Crane fight them when they attack the Tortoise Village in the Lake of Tears where the Imperial Golden Croc Gang ends up tormenting the Tortoises and stealing their eggs.
Queen Crocodile.
The Queen Crocodile is the leader of the Imperial Golden Croc Gang. When Po and Master Crane accidentally awaken her when saving the last Tortoise egg, she sends the Crocodile Sergeant after them.
Crocodile Sergeant.
The Crocodile Sergeant is a member of the Imperial Golden Croc Gang and servant of the Queen Crocodile. He leads the soldiers of the Imperial Golden Croc Gang into stealing eggs from the Tortoises. When Po is spotted by the Crocodile Sergeant, he sends his soldiers to attack Po. When Po and Master Crane accidentally awakened the Queen Crocodile when saving the last Tortoise egg, she sends the Crocodile Sergeant after them. Po and Master Crane managed to evade the Crocodile Sergeant who ends up falling off the large waterfall.
Great Gorilla.
The Great Gorilla is a villain who is exclusive to the "Kung Fu Panda" video game. He and his gorilla minions are hired by Tai Lung to destroy the Dragon Warrior. When Po is fighting the Gorillas, Great Gorilla threw boulders at Po. When preventing the Gorillas from destroying a temple, Master Shifu ends up having to protect the relics as well. Great Gorilla is ultimately defeated by Po. Of course the remnants of Great Gorilla's minions were later seen as members of the Lang Shadow Army.
Lang Shadow Army.
The Lang Shadow Army is an army that is led by Tai Lung in the "Kung Fu Panda" video game. It consists of a group of Tibetan Wolves that were later joined the remnants of the Great Gorilla's gang and two Ox Bandits. The Lang Shadow Army went into hiding after Tai Lung was imprisoned, but came out of hiding when Tai Lung escaped from Chor-Gom Prison. The Wolf Soldiers of the Lang Shadow Army come in different types:
Wu Sisters.
The Wu Sisters are a trio of clouded leopards who appear primarily in the franchise's video game productions. They consist of the eldest sister and leader Su Wu and her younger siblings Wing Wu and Wan Wu.
Their first film appearance is in "" in Master Thundering Rhino, Master Storming Ox, and Master Croc's youth. They were considered notorious criminals whose schemes seriously threatened China as a whole. Master Storming Ox mentioned that the Wu Sisters once challenged the Jackal Nation and defeated them with their chopsticks. They were defeated by Master Thundering Rhino, Master Storming Ox, and Master Croc. According to Po, their favored attack was for them to have their tails grip each other and then spin at tremendous speed.
In the "Kung Fu Panda" video game, Po ends up stumbling onto the Wu Sisters' base camp when fleeing with the Dragon Scroll. When he asks them for directions, they mistake him as an enemy spy and attack him. Po managed to defeat them and claim a map that leads him back to the Jade Palace.
In "", the Wu Sisters return amongst the villains that Tai Lung assembles and attack the good guys while Tai Lung was targeting Master Crane. They end up defeated again.
The Wu Sisters also appear in the online virtual game "Kung Fu Panda World" as statues. If clicked upon, the statue will bring up a mini-game called "Legend of the Wu Sisters" where the player must climb up treacherous buildings in order to collect enough keys to release and save one of the captured Wu sisters from Tai Lung.
All three Wu Sisters were voiced by Sumalee Montano in "Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Masters".
Rat Boss.
The Rat Boss is a villain who is exclusive to the video game "". He is among the villains who are assembled by Tai Lung and is the leader of the Black Moon Scavenger Clan. He and the Black Moon Scavenger Clan attacked the Jade Palace's arena only to be defeated by the player's character.
Great General Ox.
Great General Ox is a villain who is exclusive to the video game "". He is among the villains who are assembled by Tai Lung and is the leader of the Hoof Clan. Great General Ox has the ability to absorb heat and flames and shoot them out. He and the Hoof Clan abducted some villagers and held them captive in the Wu Dang Mountains only to end up defeated by the player's character.
Yak.
Yak is a villain who is exclusive to the video game "" and a member of the Hoof Clan.
Baboon Boss.
The Baboon Boss is a villain who is exclusive to the video game "". He is among the villains who are assembled by Tai Lung and is the leader of a group of Baboons. Baboon Boss and his servants had captured Master Mantis and had taken him to the Old Temple Grounds. He is defeated by the player's character.
Gorilla Boss.
The Gorilla Boss is a villain who is exclusive to the video game "". He is among the villains who are assembled by Tai Lung and is the leader of a group of Gorillas. Gorilla Boss and his servants had captured Master Viper and had held her captive in the ruins of Chor-Gom Prison. He is defeated by the player's character.
Zhou Dan.
Zhou Dan is a villain who is exclusive to the "Kung Fu Panda 2" video game. He is the leader of a group of Komodo Dragons.
Following the defeat of Lord Shen, Zhou Dan and the Komodo Dragons resurface and plot to take over Gongmen City upon taking advantage of the chaos caused by the remnants of Lord Shen's Wolf Army and Gorilla Army. He is defeated by Po in the Under-City and the remaining Komodo Dragons run away in fear.

</doc>
<doc id="18375769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375769" title="RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 十大中文金曲頒獎音樂會) is one of the main C-pop music award in Hong Kong. The award is sponsored by RTHK. Beginning in 1978, it is the oldest major award in Hong Kong, even earlier than the Jade Solid Gold Top 10 Awards. The ceremony is usually held in January following the end of the previous music season. It usually takes place at the Hong Kong Coliseum, sometimes at the Sha Tin Racecourse.
Award format.
The standard format is that the top 10 songs of each year are presented. Also a "Golden Needle" award is presented in some ceremonies as lifetime achievements.
1970s awards.
1978, 1979
1980s awards.
1980, 1981, 1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989
1990s awards.
1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999
2000s awards.
2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009
Golden Needle Award.
The award is not given every year.

</doc>
<doc id="18375770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375770" title="List of Batman enemies in other media">
List of Batman enemies in other media

This is a list of "Batman" villains created in other media, with no appearances in previous or subsequent comics. Those sharing the names of comic villains but bearing no other similarities are noted:

</doc>
<doc id="18375774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375774" title="Canberra Technology Park">
Canberra Technology Park

Canberra Technology Park is located in Watson, a suburb of Canberra, ACT, Australia’s Capital city. The Business Park is set on 57,835.2 square metres and is a renovated two level high school (5,720 lettable area square metres). It currently houses 38 businesses with approximately 200 staff working from the park.
History.
Canberra Technology Park is the result of entrepreneur John De Margheriti’s vision to establish a home for Canberra Information Communication Technology (ICT) companies. The park was established in 2001, through collaboration with The Academy of Interactive Entertainment (AIE), Canberra Institute of Technology (CIT) and the Australian Capital Territory Government to encourage the grouping of ICT businesses. In particular those related to 3d computer animation, multimedia, programming, on-line training and applications and software development, so that tenants could interact and benefit from this co-location.
References and external links.
http://www.aie.edu.au/
http://www.act.gov.au/CAP/accesspoint?action=menuHome
http://www.cit.act.edu.au

</doc>
<doc id="18375784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375784" title="Paris by Night (song)">
Paris by Night (song)

"Paris by Night" is a song by French singer Amanda Lear released in 2005 by Dance Street.
Song information.
The song, recorded also in French as "Paris la nuit", was released in early 2005 in multiple remixes. It was initially a single-only track, but later made a release on the compilation "Paris by Night – Greatest Hits", issued only in Italy. It's an uptempo dance track, written by Amanda Lear with Giovanbattista Giorgilli and Roberto Paesani. The song was released in both CD and 12" vinyl formats as well as picture disc in Germany. "Paris by Night" met with considerable commercial success, becoming a club hit and charting in Italy and Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="18375796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375796" title="Trapp Mendoza">
Trapp Mendoza

Born on May 13, 1984, Greg Dukes, better known by his stage name, Trapp Mendoza, is an American rapper. Born and raised in Miami, Florida he first started rapping at age fifteen.
Biography.
Raised in the Carol City area of Miami, Florida. Trapp Mendoza signed to local record label, Night Rider Entertainment in 1999 until 2001. He recorded a few singles while under the label, but none attracted attention. In 2001, he voided his contract and pursued his musical career on his own.
Career.
Trapp Mendoza produced several mix tapes, including "Killin the Industry", but made his first hard hitting appearance in the underground music circuit when he released "Bumpin" feat Posta Boy and "Hot 1" in early 2006. In March 2008, he released his self titled album, which included "Wholelottaazz", "All On You", and "Pullin" for which he gained much recognition and established a fan base in his native Miami.
He has appeared on several mix tapes including "Mic Is On" by Rosco and "I am Hood" Hosted by Gorilla Zoe. More recently Trapp Mendoza was featured on "We Get Mo" by Xplicit and producer Isaac Opus released in May 2008. It has since been played on major stations including Sirius Sat Radio, WEDR Miami 99 Jamz, Chicago radio, Underground radio & college radio. The single made a huge impact on the South Florida streets; it achieved over 170,000 plays on MySpace in just 4 weeks and was the top independent release in USA record pools for June 2008.
He was also featured on the "Hood 2 Hood: Blockumentary, Vol. 2" soundtrack released July 1, 2008. Considering the documentary's previous success, it is expected to raise a significant amount of popularity for the various artist featured on the soundtrack.
Performances.
A regular performer at many Miami night clubs, showcases & local events, he has performed in other states as well, at college concerts and for companies such as Esprit in New York City. In May 2004, he performed at the Miami Spring Bling '04. On July 4, 2008 he was a headliner at the Oriental Theater in Denver, Colorado alongside Devin the Dude and Bonecrusher. Trapp Mendoza is set to appear at several music venues in the summer of 2008 including Zo's Summer Groove, a fundraising event benefiting Alonzo Mourning Charities and Wade's World Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="18375804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375804" title="Mike Delanty">
Mike Delanty

Michael "Mike" Delanty (born 15 October 1936) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
A strong marking half back, Delanty came to Collingwood from Tasmania. He was a centre-half back in his club's 1958 premiership team and also played in the side which lost the 1960 Grand Final. 
In 1963 he crossed to North Melbourne and the following season brought up his 100th career game, eventually finishing with 141.

</doc>
<doc id="18375816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375816" title="Saneruarsuk Islands">
Saneruarsuk Islands

The uninhabited Saneruarsuk Islands are members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. They are irregularly shaped, Baffin Island offshore islands, located in Admiralty Inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="18375854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375854" title="Taejang Ceremony">
Taejang Ceremony

Taejang was a Korean ceremony, where parents buried their baby's placenta or "Tae" in a special place on a special day. Tae means umbilical cord. Jang is a ceremony in which something is buried.
The origins of Taejan.
Korean ancestors considered Tae as the root of life, and took it in custody. It originated from Dogyo and Pungsujiriseol (a theory of location based on topography) which emphasize the importance of life above all else.
Koreans didn't throw away Tae, because it was the symbol of precious life. Instead, they buried it on a holy area. Koreans believed there lived a kind of qi in natural things, such as trees, water and mountains. The first record of Taejang is Kim Yushin's Taejang in Samguk Sagi. In 595, the wife of Manogun-governor Kim Soehyeon reportedly gave birth to a son after 20 months' pregnancy. The son was Kim Yushin, who became a famous general. Yushin's mother buried the Tae at the foot of Mt. Taeryeng. Goryeo Dynasty and Joseon Dynasty also kept the Taejang culture. In the Joseon Dynasty, the royal family attached great importance to Tae.
The geographical features of Taejang.
Tae signified baby's life and destiny. In order to wish babies good luck, Korean ancestors kept Tae in a special place, and buried it in a holy place. The place was chosen, according to Pungsujiriseol. The best place for Tae was semisphere-formed land, which was located higher than the surroundings, but must not be linked with any high top of a mountain. If Tae was buried in such a holy place, the baby was believed to live a healthy and long life, succeeding later. People strongly had a belief that if Tae was buried in good earth, the baby of Tae would have a lot of good energies from the earth.
The royal family put Tae in a ceramic ware, and then installed it in a holy place. Areas or villages which had a holy place for Tae were called Taesil, Taebong and Taejang. There are now more than 20 areas which have the names of Taesil, Taebong and Taejang in South Korea. For example, in the Gyeonggi province: Yeoncheongun Jungmyeon Taebong-burag, Pocheongun Yeongjungmyeon Taebong-burag, Gapyeonggun Namsanmyeon Yangtaebong-burag and Gapyeonggun Sangmyeon Taebong-burag are areas that have common geographical features.
The ceremonies of Taejang.
When delivering a baby, people didn't use an iron-knife to cut off Tae. They believed an iron-knife could cause some infection. Usually, they used a bamboo-knife instead.
After that, Korean ancestors washed Tae, and kept it in pottery. The quality and the form of the pottery were different according to the degree of their social status. The common people used a clay-pot, and the royal family used a special ceramic ware. The royal family had a special ceremony at the moment, when Tae was about to be placed in the ceramic ware, when it was to be buried in the earth.
During the Joseon Dynasty, there were special places called Taeshil or Taebong. The special stone monuments called Taebi were also erected there. Taebi consists of dragon-shaped headstones and turtle-shaped pedestals. The purpose of these things were to wish healthy and long lives, and a wise ruling to the king. In 1439, King Sejong appointed Jigwans who were in charge of finding holy places for Taeshil. Thus, King Sejong kept all his sons' Tae in Seongju.

</doc>
<doc id="18375867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375867" title="Tuzk">
Tuzk

Tuzk () is a Persian word, also used in Urdu. Tuzk means King's Diary, Royal Log, Code of Conduct, Rule, Law, Stately Splendor, Magnificence and Grandeur.
The word Tuzk is used in the names of autobiographies of 3 kings of Mughal Empire, their names are following.
External links.
Tuzk.net

</doc>
<doc id="18375879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375879" title="Karapetyan">
Karapetyan

Karapetyan, Karapetian, Garabedian, or Garapedian () is an Armenian surname. It can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18375886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375886" title="Yeoman Island">
Yeoman Island

Yeoman Island is an uninhabited member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. Located in Admiralty Inlet, it is an irregularly shaped Baffin Island offshore island.

</doc>
<doc id="18375894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375894" title="Olympic Games scandals and controversies">
Olympic Games scandals and controversies

The Olympic Games is a major international multi-sport event. During its history, both the Summer and Winter Games were a subject of many scandals, controversies, and illegal drug uses.
Some states have boycotted the Games on various occasions, often as a sign of protest against the International Olympic Committee or contemporary politics of other participants. After both World Wars, the losing countries were not invited. Other controversies include decisions by referees and even gestures made by athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="18375914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375914" title="Goleta Valley Junior High School">
Goleta Valley Junior High School

Goleta Valley Junior High School is a junior high school in Goleta, California, just northwest of Santa Barbara, California in the Goleta Valley foothills. With a student body of about 820 students in grades 7th and 8th, Goleta Valley J.H. employs about thirty five teachers as part of the Santa Barbara School Districts. GVJH or simply GV is a National Blue Ribbon School.
Students.
The students are known as Mariners. They are further divided into four houses (as is done commonly in the United Kingdom): Sea Monkeys, Golden Vikings, Pirates, and Buccaneers. The houses compete for House Points in traditional school spirit events. At the end of the year the house with the most points wins the "Mariner Cup.
Electives.
Seventh Graders.
For 7th graders the school offers few choices. Students must take the exploratory wheel. The wheel has two classes in which students switch classes at the end of a semester, and two that do not rotate. The classes on the wheel are Industrial Technology, and either Art or Theater Art. If students choose too, they can audition for an advanced performing arts class, taken during the first semester. Students in the Beginning Band and Orchestra do not rotate in the wheel. 
In addition to the wheel, students are given the options to take an Advanced Band class before school, and a Spanish 1-2 class after school.
Eighth Graders.
For eighth graders GVJH offers more choices including:

</doc>
<doc id="18375917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375917" title="Ken Bennett (Australian rules footballer)">
Ken Bennett (Australian rules footballer)

Ken Bennett (born 14 February 1940) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the VFL during the late 1950s and early 1960s.
Bennett, originally from Dandenong, was just 17 years old when he debuted midway through the 1957 season. Although primarily a wingman he was also used up forward and was a member of Collingwood's 1958 premiership team.

</doc>
<doc id="18375927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375927" title="John Rambo">
John Rambo

John Rambo (born July 6, 1946) is a fictional character in the "Rambo" saga. He first appeared in the 1972 novel "First Blood" by David Morrell, but later became more famous as the protagonist of the film series, in which he was played by Sylvester Stallone. The portrayal of the character earned Stallone widespread acclaim and recognition. The character was nominated for American Film Institute's list "100 Years…100 Heroes and Villains". The term "Rambo" is used commonly to describe a person who is reckless, disregards orders, using violence to solve all problems, and being exceptionally tough and aggressive. 
Personality and appearance.
In the first novel and film, Rambo appeared as a soldier who suffers from posttraumatic stress disorder and has difficulty adjusting to normal life. He is shown to be prone to violence because of the torture he suffered at the hands of North Vietnamese soldiers in the Vietnam War. In the next films and novelizations he is displayed as a man who wants to stay away from conflict but is willing to do anything to save his friends and the people he cares about from any danger. Due to his violent nature, many civil people tend to fear him. However, Colonel Samuel Trautman (who was his commanding officer in Vietnam and is probably his only friend) understands him and the pain and torture he had endured in the war and is the only one able to reason with him when he goes on a rampage in the town of Hope. 
Rambo has a muscular physique due to his time as a soldier in the army and his intense training regimen. He has a high amount of strength and stamina. Rambo is an expert in surviving in dense forests against a large number of enemies due to his experiences in the Vietnam War. He is also an expert in guerrilla tactics and hand-to-hand combat. Rambo has black hair and brown eyes. His height is 5'10". In the DVD commentary for 'First Blood' Morell remarks that the inspiration for Rambo was World War II hero Audie Murphy.
Fictional biography.
According to the first film "First Blood", Rambo's full name is John James Rambo. He was born on July 6, 1946 in Bowie, Arizona, to a Navajo father (whose name according to the last film was probably R. Rambo) and an Italian American mother Marie Drago. However, in "Rambo: First Blood Part II," Marshall Murdock states that Rambo is of American Indian and German descent. Rambo was drafted in the U.S. Army at the age of 17 on August 6, 1964. After graduating from Rangeford High School in 1965, his military service began in January 1966. Rambo was deployed to South Vietnam in September 1966. He returned to the U.S. in 1967 and began training with the U.S. Army Special Forces at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. In late 1969, Rambo was re-deployed to Vietnam. In November 1971, he was captured by North Vietnamese forces near the Chinese-Vietnamese border and held at a POW camp, where he and other American POWs were repeatedly tortured. Rambo escaped captivity in May 1972, but was then re-deployed. At some point in his military career he also apparently received training in flying helicopters. Rambo received his military discharge on September 17, 1974. 
Upon his return to the United States, Rambo discovered that many American civilians hated the returning soldiers from Vietnam, and he claimed that he, along with other returning soldiers, were subject to humiliation and embarrassment by anti-war "hippies" who threw garbage at them, called them "baby killers", and excluded them from society. His experiences in Vietnam and back home resulted in an extreme case of post-traumatic stress disorder. At the same time, inner questions of self-identity and reflectiveness had commenced to cause Rambo to lash out at society rather than handling difficult situations in a "civilized" manner. "First Blood" picks up from this point.
"First Blood".
Novel.
In the original novel, Rambo is hitch-hiking in Madison, Kentucky. He is picked up by Sheriff Teasle and dropped off at the city limits. Repeatedly coming back, Rambo is arrested by Teasle and driven to the station. He is charged with vagrancy and resisting arrest, and is sentenced to 35 days in jail. Being trapped inside the cold, wet, small cells gives Rambo a flashback of his days as a POW in Vietnam, and he fights off the cops as they attempt to cut his hair and shave him, beating one man and slashing another with the straight razor. He flees, steals a motorcycle, and hides in the nearby mountains. He becomes the focus of a manhunt that results in the deaths of many police officers, civilians, and National Guardsmen.
In a climactic ending in the town where his conflict with Teasle began, Rambo is finally hunted down by Special Forces Captain Sam Trautman and Teasle. Teasle, using his local knowledge, manages to surprise Rambo and shoots him in the chest, but is himself wounded in the stomach by a return shot. He then tries to pursue Rambo as he makes a final attempt to escape back out of the town. Both men are essentially dying by this point, but are driven by pride and a desire to justify their actions. Rambo, having found a spot he feels comfortable in, prepares to commit suicide by detonating a stick of dynamite against his body; however, he then sees Teasle following his trail and decides that it would be more honourable to continue fighting and be killed by Teasle's return fire.
Rambo fires at Teasle and, to his surprise and disappointment, hits him. For a moment he reflects on how he had missed his chance of a decent death, because he is now too weak to light the dynamite, but then suddenly feels the explosion he had expected - but in the head, not the stomach where the dynamite was placed. Rambo dies satisfied that he has come to a fitting end. Trautman returns to the dying Teasle and tells him that he has killed Rambo with his shotgun. Moments after, Teasle dies succumbing to his wounds.
Film.
The film "First Blood" takes place in December 1981, and begins with John Rambo (now a homeless, out-of-work drifter) searching for Delmore Barry, an old friend with whom he served in Vietnam. He goes to Barry's home but is told by his mother that he died from cancer due to Agent Orange exposure. This means that Rambo has now become the last surviving member of his Special Forces unit. He then travels to the small town of Hope, Washington (the movie was filmed in Hope, British Columbia, evidenced by the town sign), where he is quickly spotted by the town's overzealous and paranoid sheriff, Will Teasle, due to his long hair, military-style coat and all-around scruffy appearance. Teasle soon picks him up and drives him to the edge of town, where a diner is located (Rambo wanted something to eat) while stressing his dislike of drifters and "trouble makers". Rambo begins heading back into town immediately after being dropped off, and Teasle then arrests him and takes him to the local police station.
When searching Rambo, Teasle discovers a large survival knife on Rambo's belt. At the station, the Deputy Sheriff, Art Galt, harasses and beats Rambo, who begins having flashbacks to the war, where he was a POW. When officers attempt to dry shave him, Rambo finally snaps and fights his way out of the station, retrieving his knife. Outside, he hijacks a motorcycle from a man driving past and flees into the nearby mountains while being pursued by Teasle in his police car. Teasle crashes his car, and Rambo escapes. Teasle calls in more officers and a helicopter, while Rambo abandons his motorcycle and makes his way into the deep terrain on foot. He finds an old sack near a dumped truck which he uses as an item of clothing. Later, he finds himself at the top of a cliff face whilst trying to escape the advancing policemen and is spotted by the search helicopter with Galt in the passenger's seat. Galt fires at him a number of times with his rifle, forcing Rambo to leap from the cliff, falling through a tree. Galt continues to fire upon the injured Rambo on the ground. Fighting back, Rambo throws a rock and hits the helicopter's windshield, causing the pilot to lose control, and Galt is thrown to his death. Rambo takes Galt's gun, tends his injuries, and eventually confronts the lawmen on the cliff above. Rambo shouts to them, "There's one man dead! It wasn't my fault!". Teasle tells Rambo not to move or they will shoot. Rambo says he wants no more trouble, and begins to back away, but the men open fire; Rambo flees into the woods, with Teasle and his deputies in pursuit.
The men catch up to Rambo, and they release the tracking dogs. Rambo shoots two with his last bullets, and kills the other with his knife. The men begin to flank out and pursue Rambo, but Rambo easily disables them using guerrilla tactics. Rambo severely wounds each man, but does not kill any of them. Using a deputy as bait, Rambo jumps out of the brush and grabs Teasle, putting his knife to his throat. He tells him, "In town you're the law. Out here it's me". He tells Teasle to "Let it go" and give up his pursuit. Teasle refuses, and the State Police and National Guard are called in to assist in the hunt. Colonel Samuel Trautman soon arrives, taking credit for training Rambo. He is surprised to find any of the deputies still alive, and warns that it would be safer to let Rambo go and find him after the situation has calmed down. Teasle refuses to give in. Teasle asks Trautman to try and contact Rambo on the radio he stole to get a fix on his position. Trautman gets Rambo to respond on the radio, calling out his Vietnam company. Rambo says that he cannot turn himself in and tells Trautman, "They drew first blood, not me". Rambo is eventually cornered by the National Guard in a mine entrance where he is hiding. Teasle gets word they have cornered him, and gives an order not to fire. The inexperienced guardsmen ignore this order, and fire a rocket launcher at him. The blast collapsed the mine entrance, trapping him inside. The men assume Rambo is dead, but unknown to his pursuers, Rambo has instead escaped into the tunnels of the mine.
Rambo eventually finds an old exit vent, near a main road from out of which the troops are clearing. Rambo hijacks a passing Army truck (throwing its driver out onto the road in the process) and returns to town, crashing it into a gas station. He blocks the highway to anyone in pursuit, by igniting the spilled fuel. Now heavily armed with an M60 machine gun, Rambo destroys transformers knocking out the power to the town. Rambo spots Teasle on the station roof, destroys a few other businesses and a gun shop before making his way to the police station. Rambo destroys the police station before making his way inside. Teasle spots Rambo and fires at him, but misses. Rambo shoots back at Teasle through the ceiling, injuring him. Teasle falls through the skylight onto the floor. Rambo steps over him, prepared to kill him. Before Rambo can shoot Teasle, Colonel Trautman appears and tells him that there is no hope of escaping alive. Rambo, now surrounded by the police, rages about the horrors of war, and the difficulties he has faced adapting to civilian life. Breaking down, he then weeps as he recounts a particularly gruesome story about witnessing his friend dying. He tells Trautman how they were in a bar, talking about his friend's Chevy and driving to Las Vegas in it, when a boy came in with a booby-trapped shoeshine box. Rambo had gone into the bar to buy two beers when the box suddenly exploded, tearing his friend's lower body off. Rambo then turns himself in to Trautman, and is arrested.
"Rambo: First Blood Part II".
After the incident in Washington, John Rambo is found guilty after a jury trial and sent to a labor camp prison. At the beginning of "" (set in 1985), he is visited by Colonel Samuel Trautman who offers him the chance to be released from prison if he goes to Vietnam to search for American POWs. Promised a Presidential pardon if the mission succeeds, he accepts and is officially reinstated in the U.S. Army temporarily. He later meets with Marshall Murdock, an American bureaucrat who is in charge of the operation. He tells Rambo that he is only to photograph the POWs and not to rescue them, nor is he to engage any enemy soldiers. Rambo reluctantly agrees. He is then told that an agent of the U.S. government will be there to receive him in the jungles of Vietnam.
He is then parachuted into the Vietnamese jungles. However, while parachuting, he gets stuck on the plane and cuts the rope holding his equipment which allows him to continue parachuting and is left with only his knife, his bow, and arrows. On the ground, he meets Co Bau, a local woman working with the Americans. She takes him to a POW camp where he is able to rescue a captive, killing a number of enemy soldiers with his bow in the process of doing so. The trio then escape by boat but are attacked by a gunboat.
Rambo destroys the gunboat with a rocket launcher. When Rambo calls for extraction, he is denied, as Murdock fears what will happen to him and his party if the American public learn about Murdock's activities. Rambo and the captive are both captured, and back at the camp Russian advisors soon arrive to interrogate Rambo. Meanwhile, Co enters the camp under the disguise of a prostitute and comes to the hut in which Rambo is held captive. There she witnesses Rambo being tortured by Russian Colonel Podovsky, who demands that the American contact his base and confess to war crimes. After being electrically shocked on a bedspring and then burned on the cheek with his own knife, Rambo pretends to agree to Podovsky's condition, but instead tells Murdock on the radio that "he is coming to get him", after which he promptly escapes with Co's help. They hide in the jungle and Co tends to Rambo's wounds. She then asks him if he will take her with him to the U.S., he agrees and he kisses her. But they are attacked by some Vietnamese soldiers and Co is shot and dies. Enraged and distraught by Co's death, he kills them all (except for their commander, who escapes, but is later killed by one of Rambo's exploding arrows) and then buries Co's body in the jungle so her body is not scavenged upon by animals.
After the violence at the camp and on the river, Soviet and Vietnamese troops are scrambled to find and kill Rambo. While they are hunting for Rambo in a forest, Rambo kills a number of them using guerrilla tactics. Vietnamese soldiers continue to chase Rambo into and through a village. In a patch of tall grass there, Rambo sets a booby trap explosion that ignites a fire, burning many of the Vietnamese soldiers.
While still running away from the soldiers, a Soviet attack helicopter finds Rambo and drops a keg of explosives onto his position. Rambo dives off a cliff into a river as the keg explodes. The Soviet helicopter pursues him, shooting bullets into the water. As the helicopter gets closer to the water while shooting bullets, Rambo jumps up from under the water, yanks the gunman into the water, and climbs into the helicopter where he confronts the Soviet soldier who tortured him. As they fight inside the helicopter, the helicopter flies away and Rambo throws the Soviet soldier out of the helicopter to his death. As Rambo approaches the pilot, the pilot also jumps out of the helicopter. Rambo gains control of the helicopter and flies it back to the POW camp to rescue the remaining POWs. He kills the remaining guards and gets the captives into the chopper. Another Soviet attack helicopter then tails Rambo's. After its pilot loses Rambo's chopper in a haze of smoke from firing at it, he sees it smoldering in a river. As the Russian chopper flies in low to investigate and finish off the bird once and for all, Rambo - who had appeared to be dead - suddenly sits up, rocket launcher in hand, and fires through the windshield, finishing off his would be assailant once and for all.
Rambo then returns to the base and, using the M60E3 machine gun from the helicopter, destroys Murdock's command center. He then unsheathes his knife and threatens Murdock, ordering him to find and rescue the remaining American POWs in Vietnam, snarling almost under his breath, """You know there's more men out there. You know where they are. Find 'em... or I'll find you.""" Trautman then comforts Rambo and tries to pacify him and to convince him to rejoin the Special Forces, also telling him he would get another Medal of Honor for his actions. Rambo, however, visibly angry and fighting back tears, says that the soldiers he rescued deserve the Medal of Honor more than he does, and he only wants the same thing as the soldiers he rescued: for their country to love its soldiers as much as its soldiers love their country. Rambo then starts to leave. Trautman asks him, """How will you live, John"?"" Rambo replies, """Day by day""". The film ends as Rambo walks off into the distance while his mentor watches him. Because of his actions in saving the POWs, Rambo is granted the Presidential pardon he had been promised and moves to Thailand.
"Rambo III".
The film opens with Colonel Samuel Trautman returning to Thailand to once again enlist the help of Rambo. After witnessing Rambo's victory in a stick fighting match, Trautman visits the construction site of the temple Rambo is helping to build and asks Rambo to join him on a mission to Afghanistan. The mission is meant to supply weapons, including FIM-92 Stinger missiles, to Afghan rebels, the Mujahideen, who are fighting the Soviets in the Soviet-Afghan War. Despite showing him photos of civilians suffering under Soviet military intervention, Rambo, fearing the same betrayal of the U.S. government similar to the last mission and wanting a life without more bloodshed, refuses and Trautman chooses to go on his own.
While in Afghanistan, Trautman's troops are ambushed by Soviet troops while passing through the mountains at night. Trautman is imprisoned in a Soviet base and coerced for information by Colonel Zaysen and his henchman Kourov. Rambo learns of the incident from embassy field officer Robert Griggs and convinces Griggs to take him through an unofficial operation, despite Grigg's warning that the U.S. government will deny any knowledge of his actions if killed or caught. Rambo immediately flies to Pakistan where he meets up with Musa, a weapons supplier who agrees to take him to a village deep in the Afghan desert, close to the Soviet base where Trautman is kept. The Mujahideen in the village are already hesitant to help Rambo in the first place, but are definitely convinced not to help him when their village is attacked by Soviet helicopters after one of Mousa's shop assistants has informed the Soviets of Rambo's presence. Aided only by Mousa and a young boy named Hamid, Rambo makes his way to the Soviet base and starts his attempts to free Trautman. The first attempt is unsuccessful and results not only in Hamid getting shot in the leg, but also in Rambo himself getting splinters in the side. After escaping from the base, Rambo tends to Hamid's wounds and sends him and Mousa away to safety. 
The next day, Rambo returns to the base once again, just in time to rescue Trautman from being tortured with a blow-torch. After rescuing several other prisoners, Rambo steals a helicopter and escapes from the base. However, the helicopter soon crashes and Rambo and Trautman are forced to continue on foot. After a confrontation in a cave, where Rambo and Trautman eliminate several Soviet Spetsnaz commandos including Kourov, they are confronted by an entire army of Soviet tanks, headed by Zaysen. Just as they are about to be overwhelmed by the might of the Red Army, the Mujahideen warriors, together with Mousa and Hamid, ride onto the battlefield by the hundreds in a cavalry charge, overwhelming the Communists. In the ensuing battle, in which both Trautman and John are wounded, Rambo manages to kill Zaysen by driving a tank (somehow doing the work of a four man crew all by himself, by also loading and firing the main gun) into the Russian's helicopter. Rambo survives the explosion and gets out of the tank. At the end of the battle Rambo and Trautman say goodbye to their Mujahideen friends and leave Afghanistan to go home.
"Rambo".
The film opens with newsreels of the 2007 crisis in Burma. Burma is under the iron fist rule of Than Shwe and takes harsher stances against the nation's pro-democracy movement. Rebels are thrown into a mine-infested marsh and then gunned down by the Tatmadaw, while the Burmese military officer Major Pa Tee Tint gazes grimly at the scene.
Former U.S. soldier John Rambo is still living in Thailand and resides in a village near the Burmese border. He makes a living capturing snakes and selling them in a nearby village. He also transports roamers in his boat. A missionary, Michael Burnett, asks Rambo to take him and his associates up the Salween River to Burma on a humanitarian mission to give aid to Karen tribespeople. Rambo refuses, but he is convinced by Sarah Miller to take them.
The boat is stopped by Burmese pirates who demand Sarah, in exchange for passage. After negotiations fail, Rambo kills them all. Although his actions save the missionaries, it greatly disturbs them. Upon arrival, Michael says that they will travel overland and will not need Rambo's help for the return trip. The mission goes well until the Tatmadaw, led by Major Tint, attack. They kill most of the villagers and two missionaries and kidnap the rest, including Michael and Sarah. When the missionaries fail to come back after ten days, their pastor comes to ask Rambo's help in guiding hired mercenaries to the village where the missionaries were last seen.
Rambo agrees to transport the soldiers. At their destination, Rambo tries to accompany the mercenaries with a black-wrapped package in hand, but their leader, described as a former "old school" and egotistical S.A.S. trooper, refuses. After arriving at the destroyed village with their guide, Karen, they are forced to hide when some Tatmadaw arrive by truck and force their villager prisoners to run a gauntlet of hidden land mines thrown into the village rice paddies. The mercenary leader will not order a rescue, as he is concerned that the missing Tatmadaw will put the rest on alert. However, Rambo shows up with what is revealed to be his bow and shoots down the Tatmadaw. Rambo confronts the leader when the man threatens him, and with his arrow pointed at his eye socket, Rambo tells him and the others that soldiering is what they are and do, and says to them, "You can either live for nothing...or die for something". When Rambo stands down and tells the others to come, they follow without question with the leader in tow. They plan to save the hostages at a P.O.W. camp. Rambo helps Sarah and the others to escape. The Tatmadaw unit finds the hostages missing and organizes a massive manhunt. Everyone except for Rambo, Sarah, and the mercenary sniper "School Boy" is captured. But just as the group is to be executed, Rambo seizes a truck-mounted .50-caliber machine gun and minces the Burmese army, giving an opening for School Boy to shoot down the Tatmadaw near the others and provide them also with weapons. Karen rebels join the fight to help Rambo and the mercenaries win. Major Tint attempts to get away, but is personally disemboweled by Rambo.
Encouraged by Sarah's words, Rambo returns to his home in the United States. He is seen walking along an Arizona highway until he sees a horse farm and a rusted mailbox. Reading the name "R. Rambo" Rambo smiles and walks down the gravel driveway.
Awards.
In "First Blood" is mentioned:
Per dialogue in "", during his Vietnam era service, Rambo was awarded:
In "Rambo Prepares Knife" deleted scene from "Rambo III", Rambo's "Class A" uniform can clearly be seen (although his rank can not be seen) in his footlocker with the following 13 ribbons:
In a measure of discontinuity within the storyline, Rambo's Silver Stars and Distinguished Service Cross were missing from his ribbon rack as well as the National Defense Medal and the Good Conduct Medal, both of which he would have been awarded.
Various special duty badges can also be seen on Rambo's "Class A" uniform, including:
Additionally, in this same scene, Rambo's Social Security Number is revealed: 936-01-1758. However, the Social Security Administration does not issue a SSN with the prefix 936. Citizens in Arizona, Rambo's home state, are issued SSNs with the prefixes 526-527, 600-601, and 764-765. This was probably done to avoid the chances that Rambo's fictional SSN would match that of a real living person.
Origins.
David Morrell says that in choosing the name Rambo he was inspired by "the sound of force" in the name of Rambo apples, which he encountered in Pennsylvania. Peter Gunnarsson Rambo sailed from Sweden to New Sweden (SE Pennsylvania/Southern NJ/Northern Delaware) in the 1640s, and soon the name would flourish in New Sweden. Today, many of his descendants can still be found in this region of the US. Morrell felt that its pronunciation was similar to the surname of Arthur Rimbaud, the title of whose most famous work "A Season in Hell", seemed to him "an apt metaphor for the prisoner-of-war experiences that I imagined Rambo suffering". Furthermore, an Arthur J. Rambo was an actual U.S. soldier in Vietnam, but he never returned. His name can be seen on the Vietnam War Memorial wall in Washington, DC. By sheer coincidence, the Japanese word "rambō" (乱暴) means "violent" or "rough". He was granted the first name "John" as a reference to the song "When Johnny Comes Marching Home Again".
Portrayals.
In all four films, Rambo is portrayed by Sylvester Stallone. In the animated TV series, the character is voiced by Neil Ross.

</doc>
<doc id="18375931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375931" title="Magalat Revolt">
Magalat Revolt

The Magalat Revolt was an uprising in the Philippines in 1596, led by Magalat, a Filipino rebel from Cagayan. He had been arrested in Manila for inciting rebellion against the Spanish, and after he was released on the importunities of some Dominican priests, he returned to Cagayan. Together with his brother, he incited the whole country to revolt. He was said to have committed atrocities upon his fellow natives for refusing to rise up against the Spaniards. He soon controlled the countryside, and the Spanish eventually found themselves besieged.
The Spanish Governor-General Francisco de Tello de Guzmán, sent Pedro de Chaves from Manila with Spanish and Filipino colonial troops. They fought successfully against the rebels, and captured and executed several leaders under Magalat. Magalat himself was assassinated within his fortified headquarters by his own men, who apparently had been promised a reward by the Spaniards.

</doc>
<doc id="18375970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375970" title="List of Mazinger Z episodes">
List of Mazinger Z episodes

This is a list of episodes of the 1972 Japanese animated television series . The episodes originally aired from December 3, 1972 to September 1, 1974 on Fuji Television.

</doc>
<doc id="18375971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375971" title="Namiseom">
Namiseom

Namisum is a tiny half-moon shaped island located in Chuncheon, South Korea, formed as it was inundated by the rising water of the North Han River as the result of the construction of Cheongpyeong Dam (청평댐) in 1944. Its name originated from General Nami (남이장군), who died at the age of 28 after being falsely accused of treason during the reign of King Sejo, the seventh king of the Joseon Dynasty of Korea. Although his grave wasn't discovered, there were a pile of stones where his body was supposed to be buried. It was believed that if someone took even one stone from there, it would bring misfortune to their house. A tour company arranged the grave with soil and then developed Namisum into an amusement park.
Geography.
Namisum is located 3.8 km from Gapyeong County, but belongs to Chuncheon in Gangwon-do. It is 430,000 square meters in area and approximately 4 km in diameter
Creator of Namisum.
In 1965, Nami Island was purchased by Mr. Minn Byeong-do (1916-2006), who had recently resigned from the post of governor of the Bank of Korea and desired to spend the rest of his life in nature. His love and dedication turned a desolate piece of land with only few scattered chestnut trees, poplar trees, and mulberry trees on the fringes of a small peanut farm into the beautifully cultivated Nami Island we see today. Mr. Minn had also served as the governor of Cheil Bank, chairman of the Grand Hyatt Hotel, chief director of the educational foundation "Huimun euisuk". In the late 1960s, he became the very close friend of the owner of Chollipo Arboretum Carl Ferris Miller (Korean Name: Minn Byeong-gal). The two "Minns" almost had what amounted to a competition to see who could plant the most trees. Mr. Minn founded Gyeongchun Tourism Development, Inc. in 1966 and worked on his master plan the "Overall Development of the Leisure and Tourism Industry" by cultivating plants and building a golf course. He never forgot his motto which was "green trees and clean rivers are what we own and need to take good care for future generations." He also ran the Hangyerong Rest Area in Mt. Sorak and Nammun Duty Free in Namdaemun in Seoul. Mr. Minn was born in Gyongwun-dong, Seoul in 1916 and graduated from Gyodong Elementary School and Gyeonggi Middle and High School in Seoul and the law school of Gejoh University in Japan. Along with Jung Jin-Suk, Yun Suk-jung, and Jo Pung-Youn he founded "Eulyu" "Munhwasa" which was the very first publishing house in Korea. Mr. Minn, who was also fascinated by music, founded the first symphony orchestra in Korea - Goryo Symphony Orchestra - together with Hyon Je-myong and Gye Jung-sick. He published the literary magazin "Sessak" with Yun Suk-jung and supported various cultural activities in the fields of music, children's songs and literature. "Create new things and share them with world." By playing host to a variety of cultural events, today's Nami Island has succeeded in carrying out Mr. Minn's desire to "purify the human mind through the unification of nature and culture."
CEO of Nami Island.
Kang Woo-hyon, born in Danyang County in 1953, majored in graphic design and was the president of a design company until 2000. Inaugurated as Namisum CEO in 2001, he has worked as an illustrator, a fairy tale writer, a graphic designer, an environmentalist and a civil activist, and has long considered the development of a theme park in Namisum. He has placed much value on culture and the environment of Namisum's nature. Since his inauguration, he has tried to eliminate the merry-making image of the amusement park where visitors just play and drink, and recreate the place where nature is in harmony with art and culture Namisum's art and culture.
History.
In 1965, Min Byungdo purchased and started to reforest the island. In 1966, he founded Gyeongchun Tourism Development Inc. and developed it into a resort town. He changed the firm name to Namisum Inc. in 2000.
In 2001, Namisum Inc. started to invest heavily in environment and art and culture-related events. Non-profit organizations such as YMCA and YWCA have participated in environment campaigns for recycling, environment monitoring and eco-friendly development. Furthermore, Namisum Inc. has been supporting various events ranging from paintings to applied art in cooperation with writers and international organizations such as UNICEF and UNESCO.
From 1960 to 1990, it was known as a location for a film "Winterreise (겨울나그네)" and "Riverside Song Festival (강변가요제)". Since 2001, it has become one of culture tourist attractions as the number of Asian tourists increases due to the success of Korean dramas. Also it has been in the spotlight of the international resort town with natural environment many foreigners living in Korea desire to visit.
Namisum declared independence as the Naminara Republic on 1 March 2006. It has drawn 1.5 million visitors a year on average.
Tourism.
Nami Island is an oasis for culture and leisure in peaceful harmony with humanity and nature. After a five-minute ferry ride, guests meet a forest of verdant trees holding up the sky and open grassy areas where ostriches, rabbits, squirrels, chipmunks, ducks and peacocks warmly welcome visitors in the midst of wild flowers. On Nami Island, artists from all over the world show-off their talents and share the sense of peace of mind the island creates. The island is the site of "Nami Island International Children's Book Festival" (NAMBOOK) and other cultural events that take place every weekend, making Nami one of the main cultural and artistic tourist attractions in Korea. In 2006, the island declared its cultural and artistic tourist attractions in Korea, and declared its cultural independence and was reborn as Naminara Republic. It has its own national flag, anthem, currency, passport and phone cards, stamps, orthography and even a certification of citizenship. 
Nami is home to several galleries and is the site of the "Song Museum", which also houses a collection of international ethnic musical instruments. There are indoor and outdoor stages, facilities for seminars and workshops in addition to a 46-room modern hotel and 10 cottages. Nami Island is dedicated to improving the mental and physical well being of children throughout the world. As such, it serves as the main sponsor of the "Hans Christian Andersen Award" and contributes regularly to UNICEF. Naminara is unique in other ways, also. At night, all the lights are turned off on the island so that visitors can harmonize with nature under the light of the moon and stars. Most of wood and bottles generated by visitors to the island are recycled and re-used. Nami has a very open hiring and retirement policy so people can work until they are 80 years old if they wish.
The island, especially the Metasequoia path, was one of the main filming locations of Korean Broadcasting System 2002 television drama series "Winter Sonata", starring Bae Yong-joon and Choi Ji-woo. It attracted 270,000 Korean and foreign visitors in 2001. After it was featured in the drama, it attracted 650,000 visitors in 2002. Since then the number of visitors has continued to grow, reaching 2.3 million in 2012.
Naminara Republic.
Namisum is an imaginary country , but the "passport" issued from Naminara is required in order to enter Namisum. It declared itself a self-governing country in 2006 as acceding to General Nami's natural greatness of soul and appointed Ryu Hongjun as the 1st head of culture and Suzanna Samstag Oh as a foreign head. In addition, it has invented its own passport, currency, stamp and telephone card, and has promoted the establishment of Naminara in other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18375985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18375985" title="The Isolation Game">
The Isolation Game

The Isolation Game is the fourth full-length studio album by the Italian melodic death metal band Disarmonia Mundi, and was released on December 9, 2009 by Coroner Records. It features guest appearances by Björn "Speed" Strid of Soilwork, Antony Hämäläinen, and Olof Mörck of Nightrage/Dragonland/Amaranthe.

</doc>
<doc id="18376026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376026" title="Pisiktarfik Island">
Pisiktarfik Island

Pisiktarfik Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. Located at the confluence of Tremblay Sound and Eclipse Sound, it is an irregularly shaped island located near Alfred Point, Baffin Island.

</doc>
<doc id="18376032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18376032" title="Karaga">
Karaga

Karaga may refer to:

</doc>
