<doc id="18329796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329796" title="Liberian Development Foundation">
Liberian Development Foundation

The Liberian Development Foundation (LDF), is a 501(c)(3) non-profit tax-exempt organization whose mission is to assist in the creation and funding of socio-economic and human development programs in Liberia.
History.
The Liberian Development Foundation was founded in 1982, by the Catholic Society of African Mission to promote socio-economic and human development in Liberia. The country erupted into civil wars from 1989 to 2003 (First and Second Liberian Civil War). During this 14-year period, many Liberians were killed, brutally beaten, robbed, and raped. Liberia experienced all the ills of war. The war took the lives of approximately 250,000 Liberians and displaced about a million more. The economy crashed, and the political leaders turned to corruption. The war had a wide-range impact on the socio-economic lives of the youth of Liberia, especially ex-child soldiers, and forced a stop in the Foundation’s activities, until the Foundation came back to life in 2001 when Dr. Joseph Korto took the lead of the Foundation and started to gain the support of big donors, such as Montgomery County Public Schools and other institutions in Maryland. In 2005, Dr. Korto went back to Liberia and run for president in the first democratic elections of post-war Liberia. When Ellen Johnson Sirleaf won the elections, Dr. Korto was appointed minister of Education and took office in January 2006, leaving the Foundation to avoid a conflict of interests. In 2008 the leadership of the Foundation passed to Nyan Korto.
Achievements.
Since 2001 LDF has distributed thousands of donated computers, books and other school supplies to high schools and other educational institution across the country, including the University of Liberia. The computers donated to the University of Liberia were used to build the first computer lab in the history of this university.

</doc>
<doc id="18329812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329812" title="The Garden of Last Days">
The Garden of Last Days

The Garden of Last Days is a 2008 novel by Andre Dubus III. It tells the interweaving stories of several individuals in Florida in the days before the September 11 attacks.

</doc>
<doc id="18329816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329816" title="George Medhurst">
George Medhurst

George Medhurst (1759–1827) was a mechanical engineer and inventor, who pioneered the use of compressed air as a means of propulsion. His ideas led directly to the development of the first atmospheric railway.
He was born in Shoreham, Kent and trained as a clockmaker at Clerkenwell, London, but later became interested in pneumatics.
In 1799, he filed a patent for a wind pump for compressing air to obtain motive power and the following year he patented his ‘Aeolian’ engine which used compressed air to power vehicles. In his pamphlet "On the properties, power, & application of the Aeolian engine, with a plan and particulars for carrying it into execution", Medhurst proposed the establishment of Aeolian coach services, operated by pumping stations along the route. 
In 1810, he published "A new method of conveying letters and goods with great certainty and rapidity by air", but did not patent the idea. This was followed in 1812 by his "Calculations and remarks tending to prove the practicability, effects and advantages of a plan for the rapid conveyance of goods and passengers upon an iron road through a tube of 30 feet in area by the power and velocity of air". He also envisioned carriages running on rails, propelled by a continuous tube beneath the rails, as would later happened in the atmospheric railway. Neither of these ideas was put into practical operation at the time. Shortly before his death in September 1827 Medhurst returned to the idea of pneumatic propulsion with his publication of "A New System of Inland Conveyance, for Goods and Passengers ... with the velocity of sixty miles in an hour ... without the aid of horses or any animal power." plates. 
Other, more successful, inventions by Medhurst included a steam carriage, a ‘leak proof’ canal lock gate and a variety of weighing and balancing machines.
Sources.
R. B. Prosser, ‘Medhurst, George (bap. 1759, d. 1827)’, rev. Anita McConnell, Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, 2004; online edn, Jan 2008 accessed 9 Jan 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18329848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329848" title="Rashidjon Gafurov">
Rashidjon Gafurov

Rashidjon Aleksandrovich Gafurov (born 26 September 1977 in Chortoq) is an Uzbekistani football midfielder.
Gafurov made 11 appearances for the Uzbekistan national football team from 1998 to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18329857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329857" title="Fat City Cycles">
Fat City Cycles

Fat City Cycles was an American bicycle manufacturing company. Fat City was started by Chris Chance in 1982. Fat City Cycles was one of the early builders of mountain bikes on the East Coast of the United States. When Fat City moved from Somerville, Massachusetts to South Glens Falls, New York, many of the employees left behind went on to start Independent Fabrication.
History of Fat City Cycles.
Chris Chance began building frames in 1977. The company was financed amongst others by his wife Wendyll's family. Chance built his first mountain bike frame in 1982, The Fat Chance.
Fat City Cycles closed its doors in Somerville in October 1994, when it was sold to a holding company which had acquired another bike company (Serotta) in South Glens Falls, New York. The holding company moved the Fat City equipment to South Glens Falls. Few employees remained with the company after the move.
Fans and enthusiasts of the now-defunct Fat City Cycles and Fat Chance bicycles from around the world now share their bikes, stories and love of the brand at the web site Fat Cogs, or the Fat Chance Owners Group — the club of Fat fans everywhere.
The most famous product that came from Fat City Cycles was without doubt the cult Yo Eddy. The Yo as it is often referred to is one of the most iconic and collectable mountain bikes of the early 90's. The famous Team Green 1991 and 1992 versions with matching Rigid forks are the most desirable and are often built with Ringle, Grafton, Bullseye, Syncros and RockShox parts. Owning a Yo is the pinnacle for most vintage mountain bike collectors and the value of these bikes in recent years has seen a significant rise.
Models.
Below is a list of some of the bicycles that Fat City Cycles offered.

</doc>
<doc id="18329867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329867" title="Pilley, South Yorkshire">
Pilley, South Yorkshire

Pilley is a village in the English county of South Yorkshire.
Pilley forms part of the borough of Barnsley and lies to the south of that town and to the west of Junction 36 of the M1 motorway. It is part of the civil parish of Tankersley, lying close to the village of that name. (The Pilley village general store is also Tankersley Post Office.) It has a small C of E church of St Paul and a Wesleyan Church dating from 1886.
External links.
The village of Pilley is served by Tankerlsey Parish Council

</doc>
<doc id="18329875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329875" title="BizPaL">
BizPaL

BizPaL is a web service for Canadian businesses provided by the federal, and participating provincial/territorial, and municipal governments in Canada.
Based on information provided by the user, it generates a customized list of the necessary permits and licenses from the municipal, provincial/territorial and federal levels of government.
BizPaL is currently active in nine provinces and two territories.
Overview.
BizPaL is an online service providing information about permit and licensing requirements from the three levels of government in Canada. It is an integrated response by all levels of government to the problems entrepreneurs sometimes encounter when starting up or growing a business.
BizPaL generates a personalized list of the business documents needed from the three levels of government- local, provincial/territorial, and federal- that a new entrepreneur or small business owner may have to deal with in order to start up or grow a business. If the business is already operating, entrepreneurs can use BizPaL to verify that all the correct permits and licences have been obtained.
BizPaL was launched as a pilot project with a lead group of participating governments in December 2005 through the first half of 2006. The BizPaL service is currently available in more than 600 jurisdictions across Canada.
The program is available in municipalities and provinces which have entered into an agreement between themselves and the federal government.
While the service is an initiative of the federal government, each jurisdiction is responsible for maintaining their own data within the system.
Participating governments.
As of January 1, 2013, the Province of Québec and the Territory of Nunavut are not participating in BizPaL.
The following is a list of participating provinces/territories and municipalities as listed on the BizPaL federal website.

</doc>
<doc id="18329883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329883" title="Kenyon cell">
Kenyon cell

In arthropods' nervous system, Kenyon cells are mushroom body neurons derived from globuli cells. Some species possess hundreds of thousands of Kenyon cells. The cells are subdivided into subtypes; for example, those that have their cell bodies outside of the calyx cup are called "clawed Kenyon cells". Kenyon cells were first described by F. C. Kenyon in 1896.
Plastic changes at the presynaptic sites of the mushroom body principal neurons called Kenyon Cells are considered to represent a neuronal substrate underlying olfactory learning and memory. It is generally believed that presynaptic and postsynaptic sites of Kenyon Cells are spatially segregated. In the mushroom body calyx, Kenyon cells receive olfactory input from projection neurons (PNs) on their dendrites. Their presynaptic sites, however, are thought to be restricted to the axonal projections within the mushroom body lobes. Kenyon Cells also form presynapses along their calycal dendrites, by using novel transgenic tools for visualizing presynaptic active zones and postsynaptic densities.
The mushroom bodies in insects are a paired structure that are critical for higher-order functions. In Drosophila, they are made up of ∼2500 intrinsic neurons (also called Kenyon cells) per hemisphere (there are about 200,000 neurons in the fly brain) (Heisenberg and Gerber, 2008). The dendrites of the Kenyon cells are organized into a structure called the mushroom body calyx, where some projection neurons from the antennal lobe provide olfactory information. The Kenyon cell axons course forward in a structure termed the peduncle to the anterior brain, where some of these neurons bifurcate medially and vertically, forming the medial and vertical lobes. The mushroom body lobes are further characterized into α/β, α′/β′, and γ regions (Figure 1). Moreover, the mushroom body lobes receive input from extrinsic neuromodulator neurons (e.g., dopamine and octopamine). The distinction between different lobe systems and the extrinsic input to the lobes is important for the study of PKA signaling (Gervasi et al., 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="18329892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329892" title="Tikvesh Uprising">
Tikvesh Uprising

Tikvesh uprising ( and ) was an uprising in the Tikveš region of Macedonia in late June 1913. It was organized by the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO) against the Serbian government in Vardar Macedonia and took place behind the Serbian lines during the Second Balkan War. IMRO acted in close coordination with the Bulgarian army generals in Macedonia, whose troops at the time were located on the left bank of the Vardar river. The rebellion started prematurely on June 15, 1913, after the secret uprising conspiracy had been revealed by the local Serbian authorities. The organisers had planned to start armed resistance against the oppressors after the Bulgarian Army had begun operations in the region.
The rebellion spread in the regions of Kavadarci, Negotino and the village of Vatasha. Two large rebel groups were set up with leaders Doncho Lazarov and Mishe Shkartov. The Serbian army unit in Negotino was attacked and forced out from the town, Kavadarci and Vatasha were liberated soon after. The rebellions set up a provisional Bulgarian government in these settlements.
Reorganized Serbian army troops and irregulars led by Vasilije Trbić were sent to crush the uprising. On June 25, after realising that help from the Bulgarian army would not be coming soon, the rebels moved out from the towns. In the following days the Serbian army brutally suppressed the uprising and terrorized the Bulgarian population in the rebelling regions. According to some sources 363 civilians were killed in Kavadarci, 230 - in Negotino and 40 - in Vatasha.

</doc>
<doc id="18329904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329904" title="Jarum Halus">
Jarum Halus

Jarum Halus is a 2008 Malaysian drama film. It is a modern-day adaptation of William Shakespeare's "Othello". The film’s title is derived from a Malay idiom meaning web of deceit or conspiracy, which is a major theme in the plot of the film.
The plot remains faithful to the source material, with the cast all taking their Shakespearian counterparts either in name, character or both (see Cast section)
It is the directorial debut of Mark Tan, who originally envisioned the project as a short film for his final project when studying film at Warwick University in the United Kingdom. When returning to his native Malaysia, the short film was used as a means to attract funding for a feature length project. When a deal was agreed and a script finalised, the quality attracted Malaysian veteral actor Dato Rahim Razali, who agreed to a part on a significantly reduced salary.
Reception.
The film received a limited release in January 2008 was released to favourable reviews, with several references to its visual boldness and dynamic mixture of eastern values with western storytelling.
Jarum Halus won the "Best Digital Film" in FFM 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18329913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329913" title="Franz Paul Rigler">
Franz Paul Rigler

Franz Xaver Paul Rigler (Riegler) or František Pavol Rigler (1747/1748 – October 17, 1796) was an Austrian piano virtuoso, composer, teacher and theorist.
Rigler was probably born in Vienna, Austria. In the period from around 1775 to 1791, he was the music professor at the Hauptnazionalschule in Bratislava. Until interrupting his performances on keyboard in about 1785, he was regarded as one of the best keyboard players of his time.
His piano compositions and songs were published in Vienna and Bratislava. Among his works, the most important one is the "Anleitung zum Gesange, und dem Klaviere" (1779), which covers practically all areas of music. His writings are influenced by late 18th-century Viennese tendencies in music and they also present information on the Viennese, Slovak and Hungarian music culture relationships.
He died on October 17, 1796, in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="18329919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329919" title="Don Orville">
Don Orville

"Officer Donald 'Don' Leslie Orville" is a fictional character in the NBC sitcom "3rd Rock from the Sun". He is portrayed by Wayne Knight and works as a Police Sergeant in the fictional town of Rutherford, Ohio, though he is consistently referred to as "Officer" throughout the series, much like real-world Police Sergeants and others are referred to as Officer by lay-persons, despite their actual rank. The character is first introduced to the series late in the first season, in the episode "Assault with a Deadly Dick", in which the Solomon family go to the police for help after they fall victim to crime.
Work.
Although Don works as a police officer and later sergeant throughout the series, he is often shown to be somewhat incompetent, for example, in "The Physics of Being Dick" he lets Dick interrogate a criminal with him, despite it being highly illegal. Also, when he is paged, he never appears to know what any of the crime codes actually mean.
As well as this, he often makes a blunder of things, for example, in "Stuck With Dick" he thinks Mary's house has been broken into and attempts to burst in through the front door, but ends up making a mess of it and shouting "Ass right there, freezehole!", and in "Dick's Big Giant Headache, Part II", he claims to always be losing things, adding "I even lost a whole dead guy once".
As the final season draws to a close, Sally discovers him hiding in a frozen foods freezer during the robbery of a local store, and he admits that he is a coward, and only joined the police force because he thought he'd be safe around all the other officers. He subsequently retires from the Rutherford Police Department to open a muffin shop before being convinced by Sally to reinlist, whereupon Don is rehired at the rank of Police Officer. 
Relationship with Sally.
Throughout the series, he maintains an on-off relationship with Sally Solomon, a coupling which sees her in the dominant position, and able to persuade him (usually using her feminine wiles) to do anything she wants.
As an ongoing gag of the show, one of the pair appears to be able to tell when the other has entered the room, and says their name, before turning round to see them (notably, in the episode "Two Faced Dick", in which Dick and Sally swap bodies, Dick enters the room and Don still thinks it is Sally, before turning round to find himself shocked). Another of the pair's running gags is that the conversations held between them are somewhat dramatic, and reminiscent of an old film noir 1930s crime drama.
In the Alternate Universe, Don is still dating Sally, but he is the philandering Mayor of New York City. He also admits to being married, which causes Sally to break up with him again because she couldn't take the guilt.

</doc>
<doc id="18329933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329933" title="82d Reconnaissance Squadron">
82d Reconnaissance Squadron

The 82d Reconnaissance Squadron (82 RS) is part of the 55th Wing at Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska. It is geographically separated from the 55th, operating out of Kadena Air Base, Japan. The squadron operates RC-135 aircraft flying reconnaissance missions.
History.
The 82d flew antisubmarine patrols off the California coast from, 8 December 1941-16 August 1942. It then went on to fly combat sorties in the Southwest and Western Pacific from, 27 November 1943-15 August 1945. It flew strategic reconnaissance over Southeast Asia from, August 1967-March 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18329949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329949" title="Straus Park">
Straus Park

Straus Park is a small landscaped park on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, at the intersection of Broadway, West End Avenue, and 106th Street.
The most notable feature is a bronze 1913 statue by American artist Augustus Lukeman of a nymph gazing over a calm expanse of water in memory of Ida and Isidor Straus, a United States congressman and co-owner of Macy’s, who perished on the RMS Titanic. The model for the statue was Audrey Munson. 
On the memorial is carved a passage from Second Samuel 1:23, "Lovely and pleasant were they in their lives and in their death they were not parted." The reference is to Ida’s choice to stay with her beloved husband, Isidor, rather than get safely into a lifeboat.
The Strauses lived in a house at numbers 2747 Broadway, between 105th and 106th Street, one block south of the location of the memorial.
The park exists because a small triangle of land is formed where Broadway and West End Avenue merge. It was known as Schuyler Square when acquired by the city in 1895, and was renamed to Bloomingdale Square in 1907.
Between 1995 and 1997, Straus Park was renovated and expanded to the west, by the addition of 15 feet of West End Avenue. An endowment established by the Straus family funded the transformation of a neglected reflecting pool in front of the sculpture into a planting bed. The Friends of Straus Park fund maintenance and the planting of seasonal flowers.
Straus Park is mentioned in Andre Aciman's 2011 novel "Eight White Nights".

</doc>
<doc id="18329968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329968" title="Anthony Sanders">
Anthony Sanders

Anthony Marcus Sanders (born March 2, 1974 in Tucson, Arizona) is a former outfielder in Major League Baseball. Sanders spent parts of three seasons in the majors with the Toronto Blue Jays and Seattle Mariners, along with part of the 2001 season with the Yokohama BayStars in Japan. As a member of the United States national baseball team, Sanders won a gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He is currently the hitting coach for the Tri-City Dust Devils.
In , Sanders' wife was killed in a skiing accident.

</doc>
<doc id="18329970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329970" title="Anthimos Ananiadis">
Anthimos Ananiadis

Anthem Moss (Born June 9, 1985) or Anthimos Ananiadis () is a Greek actor and model best known from his leading role in "Maria, i Aschimi", the Greek edition of the television series "Ugly Betty". For most of 2007-2008, he simultaneously played the lead role of Benjamin Braddock in "The Graduate" at the Britain Theatre.
Ananiadis was born in Thessaloniki (Greece) where he started studying theatre at the age of 12. After joining the National Drama School of Greece and landing an award-winning role for "This is our Youth" (2004) as “Breakthrough Artist of the Year,” he went on to perform in the opening ceremony of the 2004 Olympic Games as “Love.” After spending a year in the army, Anthimos returned to the silver screen in "Loathing and Camouflage" (2005), which was both a commercial and critical success. By 2006, his leading role in "Straight Story", the most successful movie in the history of Greece, earned him a nomination for “Best Leading Actor” in the Thessaloniki International Film Festival. Then his role as “Alexis” in the hit TV series "Ugly Maria" earned him another nomination as “Best Leading Man” at the TV Faces Award. In 2007, after a critically acclaimed performance as Benjamin Braddock in the stage production of "The Graduate", he also went on to star in the Greek version of "Surfs Up" (2007) and numerous other film, TV and stage productions. 
In his first year in Los Angeles, Anthem landed the leading role in the movie "1001 Ways To Enjoy The Missionary Position" opposite Amanda Plummer and the leading role in the film " Sol". He has also starred in another five independent feature films such as "Brief Star" directed by Juan Ramos, "The Hollywood Percentage" directed by Eddie Romero, "Dreams" directed by Peter Ferguson, "Player A" directed by Joshua Perev and Sayulita directed by Jacob Swanson. Most recently he has performed on stage playing Stanley Kowalsky in the theater production, "The Street Car Named Desire", by Tennessee Williams (2011).
He is the son of the actress/model Evi Karagiani and Timotheou Ananiadi. His stepfather is the Greek actor Kostas Voutsas. One week after moving to Los Angeles, Anthimos beat out the competition to land the leading role of Joel in the Indie film "1,001 Ways to Enjoy the Missionary Position". He currently resides in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="18329973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329973" title="Elena Mauti Nunziata">
Elena Mauti Nunziata

Elena Mauti Nunziata (born 28 August 1946 in Palma di Campania, Naples) is a retired Italian opera singer.
She initially attended the Teatro Lirico Sperimentale in Palermo where she was taught by Gina Cigna, and made her unofficial debut in Sicily as Musetta in La Boheme. Her first recognized success on the stage was as Palermo in Bellini's "I Puritani". A "soprano lirico", she gained notability playing Violetta in the opera Traviata, a remarkable 1977 production in Madrid, and afterwards played the popular Nedda in the opera Pagliacci. Other notable performances include leading roles in Puccini's Madama Butterfly and Verdi's Trovatore and Forza del Destino. While she ended her international career playing Magda in La Rondine and Tosca from the famous opera by Puccini, during the 1990s she performed again in the Teatro Regio di Torino in the role of Francesca da Rimini.
In the late 90s, while still in good vocal health, Elena Mauti Nunziata left the opera scene with a farewell concert in Brescia, where she performed the end of Act 1 of Traviata.

</doc>
<doc id="18329974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18329974" title="Richard Statman">
Richard Statman

Richard Statman is an American computer scientist whose principal research interest is the theory of computation, especially symbolic computation. His research involves lambda calculus, type theory and combinatory algebra.
Career.
In 1974, Statman received his Ph.D. from Stanford University for his Ph.D dissertation, supervised by Georg Kreisel, entitled "Structural Complexity of Proofs". His achievements include the proof that type inhabitation problem problem in simply typed lambda calculus is PSPACE-complete.

</doc>
<doc id="18330013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330013" title="Viacom International Media Networks">
Viacom International Media Networks

Viacom International Media Networks (VIMN) is the international division of Viacom. The network oversees the production, broadcasting and promotion of key Viacom brands. These brands include MTV, VH1, Nickelodeon, Comedy Central, BET, VIVA and Game One.
VIMN International.
The networks headquarters are located in New York and London. Other international offices are located in Berlin, Stockholm, Amsterdam, Warsaw, Madrid, Milan, Paris, Singapore, Budapest and Sydney amongst others. Viacom brands are viewed by 700 million households across the world available in 37 languages via 200 locally programmed and operated TV channels and more than 550 digital media properties. VIMN International's first international offices opened in the late 1980s in London and Amsterdam with the launch of MTV Europe.
VIMN International Structure.
VIMN Asia (Singapore & Tokyo)
also see Viacom International Media Networks Asia
VIMN UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, Russia and Central Eastern Europe (London, Sydney, Budapest & Moscow)
VIMN Northern Europe (Amsterdam, Berlin, Stockholm, Warsaw)
also see Viacom International Media Networks Northern Europe
Viacom International Media Networks Southern Europe, Middle-East and Africa
Viacom International Media Networks The Americas
see additional information at VIMN Latin America
Viacom 18
Additional properties.
The network also comprises additional brands such as Viacom Blink! available in Poland, Paramount Channel in Spain, France, Russia and Hungary and Paramount Comedy channels in both Spain and Russia. Additionally, Viacom International Media Networks utilises its existing operations in the US such as Spike, Neopets, Shockwave and BET and tailors their. com domains with localised advertising for audiences in Asia, Europe and Latin America.
See also.
Links to relevant stories: 
http://mashable.com/2012/09/04/monster-viacom-dna-headphones/
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/isle-of-mtv-franchise-japan-viacom-369618
http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/viacom-international-unveils-paramount-channel-304694
http://kidscreen.com/2012/06/22/emerging-european-markets-catch-the-nickelodeon-bug/
http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/appsblog/2011/nov/17/mtv-ema-apps-strategy

</doc>
<doc id="18330021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330021" title="Erwin Marquit">
Erwin Marquit

Erwin Marquit (born 1926) is an American physicist and Marxist philosopher. He is the principal founder of the Marxist Education Press and was editor of the Marxist studies journal "Nature, Society, and Thought" (1987–2007), making available works of Marxist scholarship, including contributions from European, African, Chinese, Vietnamese, and Cuban scholars.
Marquit studied electrical engineering at the College of the City of New York (1942-48—interrupted by 22 months in the United States Navy (1944–46). He was blacklisted as an engineer and barred from completing a master's degree dissertation in physics at New York University in 1950 due to his Communist Party affiliation and he emigrated to Poland. He returned to the United States in 1963 upon completing the degree of Doctor of Mathematical and Physical Sciences at the University of Warsaw. After a research appointment at the University of Michigan (1963–65) in particle physics and an assistant professorship at the University of Colorado (1965–66), he was appointed Associate Professor of Physics at the University of Minnesota in 1966.
In 1974, he was the Communist Party candidate for Governor of Minnesota, coming in sixth with 3,570 votes. That same year, he changed his research interests from experimental particle physics to application of dialectical materialism to the study of the conceptual foundations of physics. Also that year, he initiated a course entitled Introduction to Marxism, while continuing to teach courses in physics. 
The combination of a nationwide campaign against a Communist Party member teaching a course on Marxism and the change in the direction of his research from government- funded research to unfunded research with a Marxist orientation, led to an eight-year effort by the University of Minnesota administration to force his removal from the university despite his having tenure. With support from colleagues in the United States and abroad, he was able to defend his position and win promotion in 1983, but with the unusual title Professor without Disciplinary Designation. In 1994, Marquit was finally awarded the title Professor of Physics after the "Encyclopedia of Applied Physics" commissioned him to write a 13-page entry on Philosophy of Technology. He awarded the title Professor Emeritus of Physics in 1999.
In the Communist Party, Marquit strongly opposed what he saw as undemocratic and Stalinist tendencies by its leader Gus Hall. In 1992, Marquit briefly led the Minnesota chapter of the Committees of Correspondence for Democracy and Socialism. The chapter dissolved after a few months because conflict of caused by the chapter's Marxist orientation. Marquit later reconciled with the party and as a member of its Economics Commission, initiated discussions on the socialist market economies in China and Vietnam.
Marquit continued his association with the Marxist Educational Press until its dissolution in 2011, and contributes articles to "Political Affairs" and "People's World" on past and present problems of socialist political and economic development in light of economic globalization. A selection of his papers on dialectical materialism and philosophy of the natural sciences can be found on his university home page.

</doc>
<doc id="18330023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330023" title="Fromes Hill">
Fromes Hill

Fromes Hill is a small hamlet in Herefordshire, England. The population is around 350, with most of the residences along the main A road or to the sides of it. Fromes Hill is known as a Linear Settlement. 
The hamlet has a pub, a restaurant, an ex army store and a church. 
Fromes Hill lies about east of Hereford, north of Ledbury and west of Worcester. Local agriculture includes apples (cider), wheat, grains and hops. The Bosbury Cider Festival draws upon Fromes Hill to provide the excellent cider produced and sold at the festival. Most of the cider and wine is produced at the Frome Valley Vineyard.
Fromes Hill's postcode is HR8. 
Fromes Hill Hillclimb.
From 1904–1907 Fromes Hill was the location of an international hill climb.

</doc>
<doc id="18330033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330033" title="Toronto Harbour Commission">
Toronto Harbour Commission

The Toronto Harbour Commission (THC) was a joint federal-municipal government agency based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The agency managed Toronto Harbour as well as being responsible for major works along the Toronto waterfront. It built the Toronto Island Airport in 1939. The agency was founded in 1911 and operated until 1999, when the port operations were transferred to the new Toronto Port Authority (TPA).
History to 1910.
The Harbour Commission was the third organization to manage the Port of Toronto, after the "Commissioners of the Harbour of Toronto", known as the "Harbour Trust", formed in 1850. Prior to 1850, the harbour had had three commissioners appointed by the province of Upper Canada to oversee harbour works, in conjunction with the building of the Queen's Wharf, at the foot of Bathurst Street in 1833. One of the commissioners, Hugh Richardson, was named Toronto's first Harbourmaster in 1837 and he imposed wharf fees to pay for the Wharf.
The Harbour Trust was formed in 1850 at the suggestion of the Toronto Board of Trade. On behalf of port users, the Board expressed complaints in the operation of the provincial commission, which made no improvements in the harbour. The harbour was beset by silting problems which needed to be rectified. This second commission was governed by a five-man board, two from the City of Toronto, two from the Board of Trade and a fifth appointed by the province of Upper Canada, nominated by the four other members.
The Harbour Trust was also given authority over the "Esplanade" plan. The original 1817 plan intended to build a public walk and garden along the waterfront, just south of Front Street. The province's plan was largely ignored and the City allowed the use of the shore line to be used for wharves and docking. In 1837, a new plan was developed for the Esplanade. In this plan, the Esplanade would be built just south of Front, and the waterfront extended south to the "Windmill Line", some 100 yards south. The new lands would be used for port uses. The Esplanade itself would become mostly railway lands.
The intrusion of the railways into the waterfront in the 1850s to 1890s period started to crowd out recreational uses. In 1892, a legal agreement solidified the railways usage of the waterfront. In 1893, a new plan was developed to extend landfill another south, and a new Lake Street (today's Lake Shore Boulevard) established along the then current waterfront edge. The problem of silting, and the increasing amount of sewage being dumped in the harbour, required ongoing dredging efforts. Other works by the Harbour Trust including a breakwater at the Don River and a breakwater at the Queen's Wharf to protect the entrance to the harbour.
The wetlands of the Don River were becoming increasingly polluted. Plans were developed to convert the area (1,000 acres in size) into usable lands. A planning advocacy group, the Civic Guild unveiled a plan in 1909 which advocated industrial and recreational uses for the land. The Board of Trade advocated the reclamation and infilling of the wetlands for port and industrial uses. The existing port facilities were inadequate when a railway strike occurred in 1910, forcing vessels to wait days to dock.
Development from 1911.
A referendum was held on January 2, 1911 to approve a new 'Toronto Harbour Commission' to take over the harbour and waterfront. The "Toronto Telegram" newspaper exposed the decrepit condition of the old harbour facilities, and the City and Board of Trade wanted a new Commission set up, similar to the Montreal Harbour Commission of 1908, with much expanded powers over the Harbour Trust. The referendum was passed overwhelmingly.
The Government of Canada established the Toronto Harbour Commission on May 19, 1911 by an Act of Parliament. The commission was to manage Toronto harbour and waterfront lands in Toronto and provide for their improvement. Its initial plans included the cleanup of Sunnyside Beach, and a breakwater from the Humber River to Bathurst Street. In the central core, the Commission infilled lands south of Harbour Street to their current waterfront line. To the east, the Commission infilled the lands of the Don River marsh, for use as industrial and port lands. The bulk of these works were completed by 1925.
The Harbour Commission was the landlord for most of the Sunnyside Amusement Park at Sunnyside. After the Gardiner Expressway was built, the Harbour Commission transferred the Sunnyside lands to the City of Toronto.
In later years, the agency was responsible for the infill of Hanlan's Point on the Toronto Islands to build the Island airport. The agency also infilled the lands south of Lake Shore Boulevard south of the Canadian National Exhibition.
In the 1990s, the agency was requiring annual subsidies to manage the Island airport and the port lands. There were a number of harbour commissions in Canada and the federal government replaced the law under which harbours were managed, with the Canada Marine Act. Most ports were put under the authority of local governments and several were put under the authority of new 'Port Authority' agencies which would manage their affairs on a break-even basis. Toronto's was added to the Port Authority program, largely at the insistence of local Liberal MP Dennis Mills. In 2001, the new Toronto Port Authority was formed to manage the Port of Toronto, including the Island airport.
Also in the 1990s, the Harbour Commission transferred the Don River infill lands to the City of Toronto Economic Development Commission in exchange for an annual subsidy. In the 2000s, the Toronto Port Authority later sued the City of Toronto for $1 billion over the lands, claiming that the lands were transferred illegally. The Authority and the City settled out of court in exchange for a promised bridge to the Island Airport and approximately $50 million.
Milestones.
Many of these milestones were documented by Wickson in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18330049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330049" title="John Yudkin">
John Yudkin

John Yudkin (8 August 1910 – 12 July 1995) was a British physiologist and nutritionist, and the founding Professor of the Department of Nutrition at Queen Elizabeth College, London. He gained an international reputation with his recommendation of a low-carbohydrate diet for those wishing to lose weight, and with his warnings that excessive consumption of sugar (sucrose) was dangerous to health.
Early years and education.
He was raised in London in a Jewish family that had fled the Russian pogroms of 1905. His father died before his seventh birthday, and his mother had to bring up five sons in considerable poverty. He won a scholarship to Hackney Downs School, and another from there to Chelsea Polytechnic. After gaining his BSc degree in 1929 he briefly considered a career in teaching, but then discovered that he could sit an examination for a scholarship to Cambridge. He matriculated at Christ's College, Cambridge as a scholar, and graduated in biochemistry at the age of 20 in 1931.
Career.
He worked for his PhD in the Department of Biochemistry at Cambridge under the supervision of Marjory Stephenson, a pioneer of research in bacterial metabolism. His PhD topic was on ‘adaptive enzymes’ (subsequently termed ‘induced enzyme synthesis’). His account of the phenomenon inspired the research of Jacques Monod, who later worked out a detailed mechanism for the induction of enzymes in bacteria and was awarded the Nobel Prize for his work. In 1934, while pursuing his PhD research, Yudkin took up medical studies and started to teach physiology and biochemistry to medical students, first at Christ’s College and then also at other colleges in Cambridge. He began clinical studies at The London Hospital in 1936, while continuing to teach in Cambridge one weekday and at weekends. In 1938 he completed his medical studies, and was appointed Director of Medical Studies at Christ’s College. The same year, he started research at the Dunn Nutritional Laboratory in Cambridge, working principally on the effects of dietary vitamins. His studies of the nutritional status of school children in Cambridge showed that supplementation of the diet with vitamins had little effect on their general health. However, the studies also showed serendipitously that children from a poorer area of Cambridge were shorter and lighter, and had lower haemoglobin levels and a weaker grip, than those from a wealthier area. Moreover, children from three industrial towns in Scotland were, on average, inferior in the same four measurements to the average Cambridge child, and the children from the poorer families in the Scottish towns were inferior in these measurements to those from the wealthier families. These findings probably helped to persuade Yudkin that nutrition was not only a biological science but also had important social and economic components and implications. In 1942 he wrote an article in ‘’The Times’’ (published anonymously, as was customary in those days) pointing out that there were a large number of organisations in the UK concerned in some way with nutrition – the Ministry of Food, the Ministry of Health, the Medical Research Council, the Cabinet Advisory Board on Food Policy, etc. – but no single body responsible for formulating a uniform plan for nutrition; what was needed was a UK Nutrition Council with oversight of food policy. The suggestion fell on deaf ears.
During the Second World War he served in the Royal Army Medical Corps and was posted to Sierra Leone. Whilst in West Africa he studied a skin disease that was prevalent among local African soldiers and discovered that it was due not to an infection, as had been believed, but to riboflavin deficiency. In 1945, shortly after the end of the war, he was elected to the Chair of Physiology at King’s College of Household and Social Science in London (which became Queen Elizabeth College in 1953). Over the next several years he persuaded the College and the University of London to establish a BSc degree in Nutrition (the first degree in Nutrition in any European university). Students for the degree were taught an integrated series of courses including not only chemistry, physics and biology but also relevant elements of demography, sociology, economics and psychology. The first students were admitted in 1953, and in 1954 the Department of Nutrition was officially opened and Yudkin’s Chair was converted into a Professorship of Nutrition. During the following years the Department won an international reputation not only for the strength of its research in the physiological and biochemical aspects of the subject, but also for work in such topics as nutrition in the elderly, food surveys in defined populations and the psychology of food choice, and it attracted numerous students from outside the UK, many of them from developing countries. 
Yudkin’s own publications from the Department showed an unusual breadth of interests, including (in addition to biochemistry) nutrition and public health, diseases of affluence, food choice both in human beings and in experimental animals, and historical aspects of the human diet. But his concern became increasingly focused on two topics: the treatment of overweight and the harmful effects of excessive sugar (sucrose) consumption. 
The end of food rationing early in the 1950’s brought with it an increase in the number of people who were suffering from obesity, and by 1958 slimming diets had proliferated, many of them with no scientific basis. Yudkin showed that in most patients weight could be well controlled by restricting dietary carbohydrate. ‘’This Slimming Business’’ (1958), which expressed this idea in user-friendly language, proved popular: it was republished in paperback in 1962, reached its fourth edition in 1974, reappeared as ‘’Lose Weight, Feel Great’’ in the USA, was translated into Dutch and Hungarian, and spawned ‘’The Slimmer’s Cook Book’’ in 1961 and ‘’The Complete Slimmer’’ in 1964. 
Yudkin’s interest in sugar arose indirectly from his studies of the alarming increase in many countries during the first half of the twentieth century in the incidence of coronary thrombosis. This increase was of great concern to health professionals, and it was widely attributed to an increase in the amount of fat, or of a particular type of fat, in the diet. In a paper published in 1957 Yudkin analysed diets and coronary mortality in different countries for the year 1952, and also analysed trends in diet, and trends in coronary mortality, in the UK between 1928 and 1954. The first of these analyses produced no evidence for the view that total fat, or animal fat, or hydrogenated fat, was the direct cause of coronary thrombosis; in fact the closest relationship between coronary deaths and any single dietary factor was with sugar. The second analysis, that of historical trends in the UK, found no good relationship with any single dietary factor. Instead, it suggested that some change or changes in life style during the past several decades was contributing to the increased incidence of coronary deaths. One obvious change was reduced exercise, and another was alterations in diet. 
One implication of the finding that carbohydrate restriction in obese patients causes them to lose weight is that excessive carbohydrate consumption is likely to be a cause of obesity in the first place. An obvious possible culprit is sugar, which provides calories but no nutrients whatever. Given the dramatic increase in sugar consumption during the first half of the century, Yudkin started to suspect that excessive sugar in the diet might contribute not only to obesity but also to coronary heart disease. Studying historical data from many different countries, he found that increasing prosperity leads to an increase in sugar consumption, particularly in manufactured foods, and also that the ready availability of sugar-containing manufactured foods even in the poorer countries may lead to their being bought in preference to more nutritious food. In 1964 he wrote ‘In the wealthier countries, there is evidence that sugar and sugar-containing foods contribute to several diseases, including obesity, dental caries, diabetes mellitus and myocardial infarction attack’. Investigating whether any link between sugar consumption and disease could be shown in individual patients, he and his associates in the Department of Nutrition found that patients with atherosclerotic disease (a frequent precursor of coronary heart disease) consumed significantly more sucrose than control patients. An obstacle to the acceptance of these ideas was the belief at the time that sugar and starch were metabolised in the same way, so that one would expect no difference in their effects. Yudkin and his associates, however, fed both experimental animals and human volunteers with differing quantities of sugar and starch, and found major differences between the two carbohydrates in their metabolic effects. 
‘’Pure, White and Deadly’’.
Yudkin’s ‘’Pure, White and Deadly’’, published in 1972, was written for a lay readership. Its intention was to summarize the evidence that the over-consumption of sugar was leading to a greatly increased incidence of coronary thrombosis, and that in addition it was certainly involved in dental caries, probably involved in obesity, diabetes and liver disease, and possibly involved in gout, dyspepsia and some cancers. The book drew on many studies from Yudkin’s own Department and also on much other biochemical and epidemiological research in the UK and elsewhere. ‘’Pure, White and Deadly’’ was extremely successful. It appeared as ‘’Sweet and Dangerous’’ in the USA, and was translated into Finnish, German, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese and Swedish. A revised and expanded edition was published in 1986.
The last paragraph of Chapter 1 begins ‘I hope that when you have read this book I shall have convinced you that sugar is really dangerous.’ The message was naturally extremely unwelcome to the sugar industry and to the manufacturers of processed foods who used (and use) sugar in large quantities in their products, and these firms employed a number of methods to impede Yudkin’s work. The final Chapter of ‘’Pure, White and Deadly’’ lists several examples of attempts to interfere with the funding of his research and to prevent its publication. It also gives examples of the rancorous language and personal smears that the American epidemiologist Ancel Keys, who had proposed that saturated fat was the primary cause of heart disease, employed to dismiss the evidence that sugar was the true culprit. The efforts of the food industry to discredit the case against sugar were largely successful, and by the time of Yudkin’s death in 1995 his warnings were, for the most part, no longer being taken seriously.
In 2009 Dr Robert Lustig, a paediatric endocrinologist of the University of California, San Francisco, Medical School who has a special interest in childhood obesity, made a video called Sugar: The Bitter Truth (accessible on YouTube) Dr Lustig and his colleagues had discovered, independently of Yudkin’s work, that sugar has serious deleterious effects, particularly in the aetiology of diabetes and obesity. In his video Dr Lustig referred to his re-discovery of and admiration for Yudkin’s research. The enormous popularity of the video (which has been viewed several million times) has contributed to a great resurgence of interest in Yudkin’s work. ‘’Pure, White and Deadly’’ was republished in 2012 (40 years after its first appearance), with an Introduction by Robert Lustig, and this 2012 edition has been translated into German and Korean. Articles on Yudkin’s work, and on the way in which the food industry denigrated and obstructed his research, have appeared in the lay press. and in television programmes in the UK, Australia and Canada. 
In 2013, his arguments and evidence for the dangers of sugar were the focus of several articles in the British Medical Journal.
Marriage and Family.
He married in 1933 Milly Himmelweit, who had recently left Berlin to escape the worsening political situation, and the marriage lasted until her death in March 1995. They had three sons, Michael (born 1938), Jonathan (born 1944, died 2012) and Jeremy (born 1948).
Later Life.
He retired from his Professorship in 1971 and left the College in 1974. He continued to write research papers and books. ‘’This Nutrition Business’’ appeared in 1976 (and was later translated into Spanish), ‘’A-Z of Slimming’’ in 1977, ‘’Eat Well, Slim Well’’ in 1982, ‘’The Penguin Encyclopedia of Nutrition’’ in 1985 (later translated into French), and ‘’The Sensible Person’s Guide to Weight Control’’ in 1990. He also continued to write popular articles in lay magazines, having by now become a household name. Having been interested in Israel for many years – soon after its foundation in 1948 he had been asked to advise on the nutritional problems experienced by the new state – he continued in his retirement as an active Governor of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He also began to collect antiquarian books, specialising in medicine, nutrition and the culinary arts; after his death much of his collection was given to the National Library of Israel, Jerusalem. He died in London on 12 July 1995. 
Degrees and Fellowships.
BSc (London) 1929.
BA (Cambridge) 1931. 
MA (Cambridge) 1934.
PhD (Cambridge) 1935.
MB, BChir (Cambridge) 1938.
FRSC (1938).
MD (Cambridge) 1943.
MRCP (1946).
FIBiol (1958).
FRCP (1975).
Fellow of King’s College, London (1971).
Honorary Fellow of the Hebrew University, Jerusalem (1993).

</doc>
<doc id="18330062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330062" title="Acorn A7000">
Acorn A7000

The A7000 and A7000+ were Acorn Computers's entry level computer based on the Risc PC architecture. Launched in 1995, they replaced some of the models of the Acorn Archimedes range. After the breakup of Acorn Computers in 1998, Castle Technology bought the rights to continue production of the A7000+. The A7000 used the ARM7500 system on chip which combined the separate ARM CPU, MMU, VIDC20 video chip and IOMD IO controller of the Risc PC into a single chip.
Specifications and technical details.
Modifications.
A user modification (dubbed the A7KP) to rehouse an A7000+ as a portable weighing was seen in 2011.
Milestones.
1995 - A7000 launched, featuring a 32 MHz ARM7500 processor.<br>
1997 - A7000+ launched, featuring a 48 MHz ARM7500FE processor.

</doc>
<doc id="18330087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330087" title="Francisco Romano Guillemin">
Francisco Romano Guillemin

Francisco Romano Guillemín (1884–1950) was a Mexican artist born in Tlapa, Guerrero. He is considered to be one of the few Mexican Impressionists. He started his art studies in Puebla and then continued at the Academia de San Carlos under the direction of Antonio Fabres, German Gedovius and Leandro Izaguirre. He was a fellow student of the famous muralist Diego Rivera. His great influence was Impressionism which he discovered during a trip to Europe. Seurat and his pointillism style played a major role in his formation as an artist. Upon his return to Mexico he became a professor at the Escuela de Bellas Artes. Francisco Romano Guillemin died in Cuautla, Morelos in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="18330105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330105" title="Geraldine Keams">
Geraldine Keams

Geraldine Keams (born August 19, 1951 in Flagstaff, Arizona) is an American actress. She is best known for her work in numerous television series often playing a motherly role. She is a member of the Navajo Nation She guest starred in the television series, "Dharma and Greg" as a sweat-lodge medicine woman.
She made her debut in the 1976 Clint Eastwood western "The Outlaw Josey Wales" as Little Moonlight.
In recent years, she is also a successful stage actress and storyteller, taking part in children's plays about Indian legends.

</doc>
<doc id="18330113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330113" title="Nanaimo (disambiguation)">
Nanaimo (disambiguation)

Nanaimo is a city in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
Nanaimo may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18330123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330123" title="MICTOR">
MICTOR

MICTOR is an acronym for Matched Impedance ConnecTOR, a product line of vertical board to board connectors. Produced by TE Connectivity, they are attached to printed circuit boards using surface-mount technology. They can be used for probing boards.
MICTOR are used in HP and Tektronix logic analyzers.
Connectors can be used even for very-high frequency applications, up to 100-ps risetime.
Some of Mictor signals can be used for JTAG, e.g. in FPGA debugging variants of the connector.
Minimal variant of MICTOR consists of 38 signal positions; larger variants are designed up to 266 signals (with 38 increments). Connector is usually surface mounted.

</doc>
<doc id="18330129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330129" title="Abeba">
Abeba

Abeba may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18330140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330140" title="G.F.A. Cup">
G.F.A. Cup

The Gozo Football Association Cup, commonly known as the G.F.A. Cup, is a knockout cup competition in Gozo football, run by and named after Gozo Football Association.
The competition is played between the clubs of the Gozitan First Division and Second Division. The first G.F.A. Cup competition took place in the season 1972-1973.
The current cup holders are Sannat Lions, who won the cup for the ninth time after an absence of 27 years by defeating Kercem Ajax 2-1 in extra-time on 13 May 2010.
Format.
All the teams from the Second Division and the teams which placed from 3rd to 7th position in the previous First Division participate in the preliminary round. The 6 winning teams make it to the quarter-finals together with the two teams which topped the previous First Division.
Cup Winners.
Here is a complete list of the past champions of the G.F.A. Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18330152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330152" title="Fourth heart sound">
Fourth heart sound

The fourth heart sound or S4 is a rare extra heart sound that occurs immediately before the normal two "lub-dub" heart sounds (S1 and S2). It occurs just after atrial contraction and immediately before the systolic S1 and is caused by the atria contracting forcefully in an effort to overcome an abnormally stiff or hypertrophic ventricle.
This produces a rhythm classically compared to the cadence of the word "Tennessee" with the first syllable (""Ten-"") representing S4. One can also use the phrase "a-STIFF-wall" to help with the cadence (a S4, stiff S1, wall S2), as well as the pathology of the S4 sound.
Physiology.
The normal heart sounds, S1 and S2, are produced by closing of the atrioventricular valves and semilunar valves, respectively. The closing of these valves produces a brief period of turbulent flow, which produces sound.
The S4 sound occurs, by definition, immediately before S1, while the atria of the heart are vigorously contracting. It is manifest as a vibration of 20 to 30 Hz within the ventricle. While the mechanism is not absolutely certain, it is generally accepted that S4 is caused by stiffening of the walls of the ventricles (usually the left), which produces abnormally turbulent flow as the atria contract to force blood into the ventricle.
S4 is sometimes audible in the elderly due to a more rigid ventricle. When loud, it is a sign of a pathologic state, usually a failing left ventricle. If the problem lies with the left ventricle, the gallop rhythm will be heard best at the cardiac apex. It will become more apparent with exercise, with the patient lying on their left-hand side, or with the patient holding expiration. If the culprit is the right ventricle, the abnormal sound will be most evident on the lower left hand side of the sternum and will get louder with exercise and quick, deep inspiration.
S4 has also been termed an atrial gallop or a presystolic gallop because of its occurrence late in the heart cycle. It is a type of gallop rhythm by virtue of having an extra sound; the other gallop rhythm is called S3. The two are quite different, but they may sometimes occur together forming a quadruple gallop. If the heart rate is also very fast (tachycardia), it can become difficult to distinguish between S3 and S4 thus producing a single sound called a summation gallop.
Causes.
S4 is caused by the atria contracting forcefully in an effort to overcome an abnormally stiff or hypertrophic ventricle. This causes abnormal turbulence in the flow of blood that can be detected by a stethoscope.
Associations.
The S4 heart sound is associated with any process that increases the stiffness of the ventricle, including:
Treatment.
The S4 heart sound itself does not require treatment; rather plans should be laid to stop the progression of whatever causes the underlying ventricular dysfunction. The S4 heart sound is a secondary manifestation of a primary disease process and treatment should be focused on treating the underlying, primary disease.

</doc>
<doc id="18330178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330178" title="Jesús Peña">
Jesús Peña

Jesús Peña [peh-nya] (born March 8, 1975 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a former relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from through for the Chicago White Sox (1999–2000) and Boston Red Sox (2000). Listed at 6' 0", 170 lb., he batted and threw left-handed. 
A left-handed specialist, Peña posted a 2-1 record with a 5.21 ERA and one save in 48 appearances, giving up 34 runs (27 earned) on 49 hits and 42 walks while striking out 40 in 46 ⅔ innings of work.
Peña also played in the Pirates, White Sox, Red Sox, Rangers and Rockies minor league systems from to . He went 22-41 with a 4.45 ERA and 39 saves in 300 games, including 229 walks, 448 strikeouts, and 481.0 innings pitched.

</doc>
<doc id="18330196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330196" title="Mexico City National Cemetery">
Mexico City National Cemetery

The Mexico City National Cemetery is a cemetery in Mexico City. It was established in 1851 by the United States Congress to gather the American dead of the Mexican-American War that lay in the nearby fields and to provide burial space for Americans who died in the vicinity. A small monument marks the common grave of 750 unidentified American dead of the War of 1847. Inscribed on the monument are the words:
In this area are also placed 813 remains of Americans and others in wall crypts on either side of the cemetery. The cemetery was closed to further burials in 1923.
The cemetery, which is administered by the American Battle Monuments Commission, is open daily to the public from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. except December 25 and January 1. It is open on host country holidays. When the cemetery is open to the public, a staff member is on duty in the Visitor Building to answer questions and escort relatives to grave and memorial sites.
Location.
Mexico City National Cemetery is at 31 Virginia Fabregas, Colonia San Rafael about west of the Metropolitan Cathedral and about north of the U.S. Embassy.

</doc>
<doc id="18330206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330206" title="Joyce Jameson">
Joyce Jameson

Joyce Jameson (September 26, 1932 – January 16, 1987) was an American actress, educated and well-read, who was typecast in sexualized roles during the period when Marilyn Monroe was famous. Jameson was known for many television roles, including recurring guest appearances as “Skippy”, one of the "fun girls" in the 1960s television series "The Andy Griffith Show," as well as for film portrayals such as the woman taken advantage of by philandering businessmen, and credited only as "The Blonde" in the 1960 Academy Award winner "The Apartment".
Career.
Films.
Jameson began work in the early 1950s with numerous uncredited roles in films and television. She made her film debut in 1951 playing a chorus girl dancer in the motion picture "Show Boat". Her other notable film credits of that early period included "Problem Girls" (1953), "Tip on a Dead Jockey" (1957) and "The Apartment" (1960).
In 1962, she starred alongside Vincent Price and Peter Lorre in the Roger Corman horror film "Tales of Terror" as Annabel Herringbone. She played Lorre's vulgar, unfaithful wife and during the course of the film she and her paramour (Price) were locked up in Lorre's wine cellar. One year later, she again starred alongside Lorre and Price in the raucous comedy "The Comedy of Terrors" (released in 1964), where she was more typically cast as she had been in the 1950s. In 1964, she appeared as a hotel hooker in the comedy "Good Neighbor Sam", starring Jack Lemmon and Romy Schneider.
For Jameson, 1966 proved to be an important year. She starred as Abigail in the Elvis Presley film "Frankie and Johnny" and in "Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number!" alongside Bob Hope and Elke Sommer. She also appeared in 1968's "The Split", a crime film with Jim Brown and Warren Oates, and in an unsold comedy pilot for CBS called "The Mouse That Roared" but it was never released.
In the 1970s, Jameson had notable roles in films such as "Death Race 2000" (1975) playing Grace Pander and she appeared in the 1976 Clint Eastwood western "The Outlaw Josey Wales" as Rose, further illustrating that her acting spanned a great number of genres. She also appeared in "Every Which Way But Loose" (1978) and one of her last roles was "Hardbodies" (1984).
Television.
Jameson was also well credited as a television actress. She appeared in guest roles in numerous television series. She made two appearances on "Perry Mason": first as Lorraine Iverson who killed her husband in the 1963 episode, "The Case of the Floating Stones," then as Dolly Jameson in the 1965 episode, "The Case of the Feather Cloak." She also had roles on "Gunsmoke", "Club Oasis" (as a regular), "The Twilight Zone", "McHale's Navy", "My Favorite Martian", "The Munsters", "F-Troop", "Hogan's Heroes", "Alias Smith and Jones", "Emergency!" and "Barney Miller". Towards the late 1970s she appeared in "Charlie's Angels" and in the early 1980s "The Love Boat". Her ongoing role as Skippy paired with Daphne (played by "Jean Carson") in the "The Andy Griffith Show" established "The Fun Girls", and inspired the characters for the later series "Laverne & Shirley".
Personal life and death.
Contrary to her onscreen stereotype, off screen Jameson was said to be the direct opposite of her screen persona. She was reportedly intelligent, sensitive, and extremely well read. She was married to actor/songwriter Billy Barnes for many years; they had one child, a son named Tyler Barnes. Subsequently, Jameson was a longtime girlfriend of "The Man from U.N.C.L.E." star Robert Vaughn. She acted opposite Vaughn as the guest star on "U.N.C.L.E". episode #45, "The Dippy Blond Affair" in 1967.
According to Vaughn's autobiography "A Fortunate Life", Jameson suffered from depression. She was also an insomniac and regularly took Miltowns to help her sleep. On January 16, 1987, Jameson committed suicide by overdosing on pills at the age of 54. Her body was cremated and her ashes scattered at sea.

</doc>
<doc id="18330215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330215" title="Eduardo Rergis Borja">
Eduardo Rergis Borja

Eduardo Rergis Borja (born 31 December 1980 in Mexico City) is a Mexican footballer.
Career.
Rergis began his football career in Mexico, playing for Club Atlas before two knee injuries sidelined him for six months at the end of 2009. In July 2010, he returned to playing with Primera B Nacional side Instituto.
Personal.
Rergis Borja is the son of Eduardo Rergis, a former Mexican football player and manager.

</doc>
<doc id="18330237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330237" title="Berthe Bovy">
Berthe Bovy

Berthe Bovy (6 January 1887 – 26 February 1977), sometimes known as Betty Bovy, was a Belgian actress who appeared in theatre, films and television programmes for over 60 years.
Daughter of poet and journalist Théophile Bovy, she was born in Cheratte, now part of the commune of Visé, in the province of Liège. Seemingly interested in acting from an early age, an interest which her father encouraged, she enrolled in the Koninklijk Conservatorium in Brussels following a meeting with Sarah Bernhardt. From 1904 to 1906 she studied at the CNSAD in Paris. She joined the Comédie-Française in 1907.
She was married and divorced three times, first to Charles Gribouval, secretary of the Comédie-Française, secondly with artist Ion Anton Ion-Don, and thirdly, in 1929, with Pierre Jules Louis Laudenbach, better known by his stage name Pierre Fresnay. She died at Montgeron in France and is buried in Liège.

</doc>
<doc id="18330239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330239" title="Matteo Rosso Orsini">
Matteo Rosso Orsini

Matteo Rosso Orsini (1178–1246), called the Great, was Roman politician and father of Pope Nicholas III. He was named a senator of the City of Rome by Pope Gregory IX in 1241: In this capacity he took a firm stand against the ventures in Italy of Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor, and defeated him in 1243. He was an effective lord of the Eternal City during sede vacante 1241 and had a considerable influence on the papal election, 1241, when the cardinal electors were confined in Septizonium by his orders. He extended the territories of the Orsini family. He was also a personal friend of St Francis of Assisi and protector of his Order.

</doc>
<doc id="18330252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330252" title="Sicily–Rome American Cemetery and Memorial">
Sicily–Rome American Cemetery and Memorial

The Sicily–Rome American Cemetery and Memorial is a cemetery in Italy for American military personnel who were killed in World War II.
History and design.
Established in Nettuno, Lazio, as a temporary wartime cemetery on 24 January 1944, two days after the landing at Anzio and Nettuno codenamed Operation Shingle the site covers , rising in a gentle slope from a broad pool with an island and cenotaph flanked by groups of Italian cypress trees. Beyond the pool is the immense field of headstones of 7,861 of American military war dead, arranged in gentle arcs on broad green lawns beneath rows of Roman pines. The majority of these men died in the liberation of Sicily, codenamed Operation Husky (10 July to 17 August 1943); in the landings in the Salerno Area, codenamed Operation Avalanche (9 September 1943) and the heavy fighting northward; in the landings, codenamed Operation Shingle, at Anzio and Nettuno and expansion of the beachhead (22 January 1944 to May 1944); and in air and naval support in the regions. 
A wide central mall leads to the memorial, rich in works of art and architecture, expressing America's remembrance of the dead. It consists of a chapel to the south, a peristyle, and a map room to the north. On the white marble walls of the chapel are engraved the names of 3,095 of the missing. Rosettes mark the names of those since recovered and identified. The map room contains a bronze relief map and four fresco maps depicting the military operations in Sicily and Italy. At each end of the memorial are ornamental Italian gardens.
Visiting.
Hours.
The cemetery is open daily to the public from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. except 25 December and 1 January. It is open on host country holidays. When the cemetery is open to the public, a staff member is on duty in the Visitor Building to answer questions and escort relatives to grave and memorial sites.
How to get there.
The cemetery lies at the north edge of Nettuno, which is immediately east of Anzio, south of Rome. The cemetery can be reached by car from Rome along the Via Pontina (highway 148). Drive south approximately and exit at Campoverde Nord/Nettuno. Turn right to Nettuno, continuing 5½ miles to the cemetery. A visitor who is not familiar with Nettuno should consider downloading a map for directions within Nettuno. There is hourly train service from the Rome Termini railway station to Nettuno, where taxicabs can be hired. In the alternative, travelers can walk from the train station (taking via Cavour to via Santa Maria) and reach the cemetery within about 20 minutes. There are numerous hotels in Anzio and Nettuno.

</doc>
<doc id="18330267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330267" title="Atanas Golomeev">
Atanas Golomeev

Atanas Golomeev is a retired Bulgarian basketball player. He is considered as one of the best Bulgarian basketball players of all time. He was named one of FIBA's 50 Greatest Players in 1991.
Along with Bulgaria national basketball team he participated in 5 EuroBasket competitions (1969, 1971, 1973, 1975, 1977). In Eurobasket 1973 and Eurobasket 1975 he was the top scorer of the tournament scoring 156 and 160 points successively.

</doc>
<doc id="18330276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330276" title="Somme American Cemetery and Memorial">
Somme American Cemetery and Memorial

Somme American Cemetery and Memorial in France is situated ½ mile southwest of the commune of Bony, Aisne in northern France. It is located on a gentle slope typical of the open, rolling Picardy countryside.
Cemetery.
The cemetery contains the graves of 1,844 of the United States' military dead from World War I. Most lost their lives while serving in American units attached to the British Army, or in operations near Cantigny. The headstones, set in regular rows, are separated into four plots by paths that intersect at the flagpole near the top of the slope. The longer axis leads to the chapel at the eastern end of the cemetery.
A massive bronze door surmounted by an American eagle leads into the chapel, whose outer walls contain sculptured pieces of military equipment. Once inside, light from a cross-shaped crystal window above the marble altar bathes the subdued interior with light. The walls bear the names of 333 of the missing. Rosettes mark the names of those since recovered and identified.

</doc>
<doc id="18330285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330285" title="Stagenhoe">
Stagenhoe

Stagenhoe is a Grade II listed stately home and surrounding gardens located in the village of St Paul's Walden in Hertfordshire. Stagenhoe was rebuilt in the 18th century, after a fire in about 1737. It is now used as a Sue Ryder Care nursing home.
It was also a boys prep school.
External links.
Sue Ryder Care - Stagenhoe

</doc>
<doc id="18330304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330304" title="Selenium tetrachloride">
Selenium tetrachloride

Selenium tetrachloride is the inorganic compound composed with the formula SeCl4. This compound exists as yellow to white volatile solid. It is one of two commonly available selenium chlorides, the other example being selenium monochloride, Se2Cl2. SeCl4 is used in the synthesis of other selenium compounds.
Synthesis and structure.
The compound is prepared by treating selenium with chlorine. When the reacting selenium is heated, the product sublimes from the reaction flask. The volatility of selenium tetrachloride can be exploited to purification of selenium.
Solid SeCl4 exhibits a cubane geometry for which the Se atom of an SeCl6 octahedron sits on four corners of the cube and the bridging Cl atoms sit on the other four corners. The bridging Se-Cl distances are longer than the terminal Se-Cl distances, but all Cl-Se-Cl angles are approximately 90°.
Interestingly SeCl4 has often been used as an example for teaching VSEPR rules of hypervalent molecules. As such, one would predict four bonds but five electron groups giving rise to a seesaw geometry. This clearly is not the case in the crystal structure. Others have suggested that the crystal structure can be represented as SeCl3+ and Cl–. This formulation would predict a pyramidal geometry for the SeCl3+ cation with a Cl-Se-Cl bond angle of approximately 109°. However, this molecule is an excellent example of a situation where maximal bonding cannot be achieved with the simplest molecular formula. The formation of the tetramer (SeCl4)4, with delocalized sigma bonding of the bridging chloride is clearly preferred over a "hypervalent" small molecule.
Gaseous SeCl4 contains SeCl2 and chlorine, which recombine upon condensation.
Reactions.
Selenium tetrachloride can be reduced in situ to the dichloride using triphenylstibine:
Selenium tetrachloride reacts with water to give selenous and hydrochloric acids:
Upon treatment with selenium dioxide, it gives selenium oxychloride:

</doc>
<doc id="18330309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330309" title="St. Mihiel American Cemetery and Memorial">
St. Mihiel American Cemetery and Memorial

The St. Mihiel American Cemetery and Memorial is located at the west edge of Thiaucourt (Meurthe-et-Moselle), France.
Cemetery.
The cemetery, in extent, contains the graves of 4,153 of American military dead from World War I. The majority of these died in the offensive that resulted in the reduction of the St. Mihiel salient that threatened Paris. The burial area is divided by Linden alignment trees and paths into four equal plots. At the center is a large sundial surmounted by an American eagle. To the right (west) is a statue of a World War I soldier and at the eastern end is a semi-circular overlook dominated by a sculpture representing a victory vase.
Memorial.
Beyond the burial area to the south is the white stone memorial consisting of a small chapel, a peristyle with a large rose-granite funeral urn at its center, and a map building. The chapel contains a beautiful mosaic portraying an angel sheathing his sword. On two walls of the museum are recorded the names of 284 of the missing. Rosettes mark the names of those since recovered and identified. On the wall facing the door is a large map of inlaid marble depicting the St. Mihiel Offensive.

</doc>
<doc id="18330312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330312" title="Selenium chloride">
Selenium chloride

Selenium chloride may refer to either of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18330315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330315" title="Christian Valdez">
Christian Valdez

Christian de Jesús Valdez Loaiza (born 5 May 1984 in Mazatlán) is a Mexican footballer, currently playing for Monarcas Morelia of the Liga MX.

</doc>
<doc id="18330337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330337" title="Suresnes American Cemetery and Memorial">
Suresnes American Cemetery and Memorial

The Suresnes American Cemetery and Memorial is a United States military cemetery in the Suresnes (Hauts-de-Seine), France. A panoramic view of Paris can be seen from the site, which is located high on the slopes of Mont Valérien.
Cemetery.
Originally a World War I cemetery, it now shelters the remains of U.S. dead of both world wars. The cemetery contains the remains of 1,541 Americans who died in World War I and 24 Unknown dead of World War II. Bronze tablets on the walls of the chapel record the names of 974 World War I missing. Rosettes mark the names of those since recovered and identified.
The World War I memorial chapel was enlarged by the addition of two loggias dedicated to the dead of World Wars I and II, respectively. In the rooms at the ends of the loggias are white marble figures in memory of those who lost their lives in the two wars. Inscribed on the loggia walls is a summary of the loss of life in the United States' armed forces in each war, together with the location of the overseas commemorative cemeteries where American war dead are buried.

</doc>
<doc id="18330364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330364" title="KWorld">
KWorld

KWorld Computer Co. Ltd () is a Taiwan-based technology company that specializes in TV tuner cards and boxes. They are a consumer audio/video developer and provider who's market focus is PC based peripherals. The company offers analogue, digital, hybrid, satellite TV tuners, and video/audio capture/editing cards and boxes. 
KWorld develops TV tuners for PAL, NTSC, and SECAM analogue television systems and for DVB-T, DVB-S, ISDB-T, DMB-T/H, ATSC, and IPTV digital television systems. KWorld also develops video capture/editing and audio capture/editing devices for both Macintosh and Microsoft Windows operating systems.

</doc>
<doc id="18330380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330380" title="Robert Worthington House">
Robert Worthington House

The Robert Worthington House, also known as Piedmont and Quarry Banks, is an historic house located near Charles Town, West Virginia. The main house was constructed as an addition in 1784 to the original structure, which dates to "circa" 1735, built by Robert Worthington, who called the house "Quarry Banks - New Style" after his original home, "Quarry Banks" in England. Worthington's grandson, Thomas Worthington, eventually became the sixth governor of Ohio.
The Georgian style addition was built by Dr. John Briscoe. The house remains in the Briscoe family. 

</doc>
<doc id="18330400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330400" title="Memory and Humanity">
Memory and Humanity

Memory and Humanity is the fourth studio album by Welsh rock band Funeral for a Friend, released on 13 October 2008. The album was released through the band's own record label Join Us in the UK, Victory Records in the US and Canada, and Roadrunner Records in the rest of the world.
On 26 January 2008, drummer Ryan Richards made an announcement on the band's forum, stating that FFAF were to spend the first few months of the year recording, with a view to releasing a four or five track EP in March or April 2008. After writing more material than originally planned, the band decided to release a full-length album instead, expected out in September. Ryan also announced that the new album would contain harsh/screaming vocals, riffs and would be closer to "Casually Dressed and Deep in Conversation" than any of their other albums, although it would still be significantly different and more technical, saying that they want to move forward, and never back to any old style.
The first single from the album, "Waterfront Dance Club", was released on 14 July 2008, in the 7" format as a double A-side along with the track "Beneath the Burning Tree", whilst the song "Waterfront Dance Club" was released as a free download on the same day.
On 9 August 2008, the video for the second single from the album, "Kicking and Screaming", appeared on the band's MySpace page.
The album was released on 13 October 2008 and reached #17 in the UK album charts selling 10,000 copies.
Personnel.
Funeral for a Friend:

</doc>
<doc id="18330452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330452" title="Ben Lewis (footballer)">
Ben Lewis (footballer)

Benjamin "Ben" Lewis (born 22 June 1977) is an English semi-professional footballer from Chelmsford, Essex, currently playing for Isthmian League Division One South club Croydon Athletic.
Football career.
Lewis formerly played professionally for both Southend United and Colchester United, before knee problems ended his fully professional career. Following this, he has played for non-League teams Grays Athletic, Ford United, Chelmsford City, Heybridge Swifts, Welling United, Bishop's Stortford and Maidstone United.
Lewis made his debut for Margate in a pre-season friendly against Carlisle United on 17 July 2009 in which he also made his first appearance as captain for the club. He then joined Croydon Athletic in December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18330498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330498" title="North Africa American Cemetery and Memorial">
North Africa American Cemetery and Memorial

The North Africa American Cemetery and Memorial (NAAC), is a cemetery located at Carthage, Tunisia, where 2,841 United States military casualties are interred. Most lost their lives during World War II military activities in North Africa.
Description.
Headstones are set in straight lines subdivided into 9 rectangular plots by wide paths, with decorative pools at their intersections. Along the southeast edge of the burial area, bordering the tree-lined terrace leading to the memorial is the Wall of the Missing. On this wall 3,724 names are engraved. Rosettes mark the names of those since recovered and identified.
The chapel and the memorial court, which contains large maps in mosaic and ceramic depicting the operations and supply activities of American forces across Africa to the Persian Gulf, were designed to harmonize with local architecture. The chapel interior is decorated with polished marble, flags and sculpture.
The cemetery is open to the public from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on weekdays except Tunisian Public holidays and December 25 and January 1. When the cemetery is open to the public, a staff member is usually on duty in the Visitor Building to answer questions and escort relatives to grave and memorial sites.
Location.
North Africa American Cemetery is located in close proximity to the site of the ancient city of Carthage, Tunisia, destroyed by the Romans in 146 B.C., and lies over part of the site of Roman Carthage. It is near the present town of the same name, from the city of Tunis and from its airport. The "La Marsa" railroad runs from the center of Tunis to Carthage Amilcar station, a 5-minute walk from the cemetery; taxicabs are available at Tunis and at the airport. There are good hotel accommodations in Tunis as well as in the vicinity of the cemetery at Carthage, Sidi Bou Said, La Marsa and Gammarth.

</doc>
<doc id="18330502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330502" title="Bus lines in Bordeaux">
Bus lines in Bordeaux

The Urban Community of Bordeaux Public Transport System (TBC) ("Keolis") manages 65 regular bus and tram lines in Bordeaux and Bordeaux's suburbs. These tram and bus lines comprise: 
This network commenced operation on 22 February 2010.
LIANES.
LIgne A Niveau Elevé de Service "(line with high level of service)"
These 13 lines constitute with the tram, the main axes of the network. They function from 5am to 0am /1am with a 10 to 15 minutes fréquency between 7am and 8pm, with an identical service the Saturday morning and a connection to 2 lines of tram. 

</doc>
<doc id="18330515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330515" title="Carmen Brasilia">
Carmen Brasilia

"Carmen Brasilia" is the second single of the Anarchic System, released in 1972 and labeled as "the new popcorn". This song modernize the opera theme written by Georges Bizet by using a Minimoog to synthetize the electronics plops samples of the "Popcorn" song.
Track listing.
"Carmen Brasilia" (G. Bizet, C. Gordanne, engineering I. Wira) — 2:13
"Marina" (P. de Senneville, O. Toussaint) — 2:50
Personnel.
Musicians directed by Hervé Roy
Distribution.
for France : AZ Records index catalog AZ 10 810, Distribution Discodis index catalog SG 411

</doc>
<doc id="18330524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330524" title="Rico Kühne">
Rico Kühne

Rico Kühne (born 19 February 1982 in Dresden) is a German former footballer. Kuhne was a midfielder and played for FV Dresden-Nord, Dynamo Dresden, Rot-Weiss Erfurt and SC Borea Dresden.

</doc>
<doc id="18330541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330541" title="Angelo Antonazzo">
Angelo Antonazzo

Angelo Antonazzo (born 2 October 1981) is an Italian footballer who plays for Casertana in the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
Antonazzo previously played 5 Serie D seasons, one Serie C2, one Serie C1, three Serie B before signed by A.C. ChievoVerona on 25 June 2008, along with Nicholas Frey. He deal was part of the deal that Salvatore Bruno and Michele Troiano went to Modena outright. He then farmed to Frosinone in join-ownership. He was bought back in June 2009 and loaned to Serie B side Empoli.
On 16 August 2010 he joined Taranto on a 3-year contract.
As of 2013 He has joined Serie B Club Reggina for the remainder of the 2012/2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18330578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330578" title="Exa Corporation">
Exa Corporation

Exa Corporation is a developer and distributor of computer-aided engineering (CAE) software. Its main product is PowerFLOW, a lattice-boltzmann derived implementation of computational fluid dynamics (CFD), which can very accurately simulate internal and external flows in low-Mach regimes. PowerFLOW is used extensively in the international automotive and transportation industries.
History.
Exa was founded on November 21, 1991 by Kim Molvig from MIT in Cambridge, Massachusetts. It licensed patents for technology developed by Molvig and others at MIT.
About $2.4 million was raised in a series of venture capital investments from April 1993 though 1994 from Fidelity Ventures and individuals.
More funding was obtained in 1994, 1996, 1998, and 2005 including Boston Capital Ventures as an investor.
In 1998 Molvig returned to MIT and in 1999 Stephen A. Remondi became chief executive.
The company filed for an initial public offering in August 2011.
On July 3, 2012, the company shares were listed on the Nasdaq exchange under symbol EXA, raising about $3.9 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18330587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330587" title="2008 Categoría Primera B season">
2008 Categoría Primera B season

The 2008 Copa Premier II is the second division championship for 2008 in the Colombian Championship; its teams are the same from the past tournament from this year. It has 18 teams battling for one championship and a grid for the First Division. Whoever is the champion for this tournament will face Deportivo Rionegro in the finals to decide a spot for the First Division; in case Deportivo Rionegro gets the championship once again, they will be sent directly to the First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18330594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330594" title="International Checker Hall of Fame">
International Checker Hall of Fame

The International Checker Hall of Fame, which operated from 1979 to 2007, was founded by Troy Førde and located in a Tudor style mansion in Petal, Mississippi and housed a large collection of checkers memorabilia. The hall of fame, which had been home to a statue of checkers-great Marion Tinsley, a checkers library and museum, as well as the two largest checkerboards and host to a number of checker tournaments, was destroyed by fire on September 29, 2007.
The Hall of Fame opened in May 1979 and was officially dedicated during the checkers world championship during the same year. It provided a tourism boost to the small town of Petal and was considered to be the town's biggest claim to fame during its more than twenty years of operation.
Featuring the world's largest checkerboard, the Tudor-style mansion, known as "Chateau Walker" is listed in Ripley's Believe it or Not. The mansion is designed with a balcony that overlooked the largest checkerboard, played host to a number of checkers tournaments throughout its existence as well as the World Checker Championship. The museum also featured a bust of Marion Tinsley, considered to be a checkers great, together with a letter from Tinsley renouncing his championship. The hall also features a museum with photos of current and former champions, a teaching facility, as well as the world's second largest checkerboard.
Charles Walker's association with the museum ended in January 2005 when he was charged with money laundering. Although the museum continued to operate on a limited basis for two more years, the museum and its collection was destroyed by fire in September 2007 and there are currently no plans to re-open. The fire destroyed of the museum but there were no injuries.

</doc>
<doc id="18330661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330661" title="Hotten">
Hotten

Hotten could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18330663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330663" title="The Hermitage (Charles Town, West Virginia)">
The Hermitage (Charles Town, West Virginia)

The Hermitage near Charles Town, West Virginia is a small stone cottage dating to "circa" 1734, making it one of the oldest buildings in West Virginia. A stone privy is believed to be the oldest structure of its kind in the state. The house is associated with the Chew family, and in particular Colonel Roger Preston Chew, a Confederate artillery officer. After the American Civil War, Chew married Louise Fontaine Washington, daughter of the last owner of Mount Vernon, at Blakeley. 

</doc>
<doc id="18330668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330668" title="Benjamin Knower">
Benjamin Knower

Benjamin Knower (1775 Roxbury, now a borough of Boston, Massachusetts – August 23, 1839 Watervliet, Albany County, New York) was an American merchant, banker and politician.
Life.
By 1800 he had removed to Dutchess County, New York, and on June 21, 1800, he married Sarah Van Kleek (1779-1833) at the Dutch Reformed Church in Poughkeepsie, New York. Before 1810, he settled in Albany, New York where he sold hats made by his brother Timothy in Guilderland, New York. Local lore had it that the hats were made waterproof by immersion in the Bozenkill, a stream behind a mansion in Knowersville, a village of Guilderland. 
Knower was a presidential elector in 1820, voting for James Monroe and Daniel D. Tompkins. 
He was New York State Treasurer from 1821 to 1824, and was one of the leading members of the Albany Regency. On April 28, 1824, his daughter Cornelia (ca. 1801-1889) married State Comptroller William L. Marcy.
Knower became rich as a financier of the Erie Canal and as a director of the Mechanics and Farmers Bank of Albany. After the death of his first wife, on June 23, 1836, he married Sophia P. Castle (d. 1886) in New York City.
He was buried at the Albany Rural Cemetery in Menands, New York. His home at Guilderland, New York known as the Knower House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18330675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330675" title="Boxing County">
Boxing County

Boxing County () is a county of Binzhou, Shandong Province, People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="18330678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330678" title="Leshnicë e Sipërme">
Leshnicë e Sipërme

Leshnica e Sipërme (, "Ano Lesinitsa") is a village in the District of Sarandë (Greek: "Άγιοι Σαράντα/Agioi Saranta") in Albania near the Greek-Albanian border.

</doc>
<doc id="18330679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330679" title="John Humphrey (bass player)">
John Humphrey (bass player)

John Michael Humphrey is a bass player who has toured with guitarist Scott Henderson since 1998, performing with drummer, Kirk Covington, as a trio. Together they recorded "Well To The Bone" in 2003. Humphrey has also been employed as a bass instructor at the Musicians Institute in Hollywood.
Humphrey and Scott Henderson previously performed together in Jean-Luc Ponty's band during their "Fables" world tour in 1986. 
During the years of 1990 through 1995 Humphrey played bass for Carole King. He recorded with her on her 1992 album "The Colour of Your Dreams", and with her 1994 "In Concert", and he participated in the PBS video production "Carole King, In Concert".
Humphrey has previously toured as a member of the group Savoy Brown, recording with them on their 1981 albums "Rock'n'Roll Warriors" and "Greatest Hits Live". 
Humphrey has three brothers who are also professional musicians; actor Mark Humphrey plays the drums, Paul Humphrey plays keyboards and guitar, and Andy Humphrey is a guitarist. Paul and Andy are singer/songwriters as well. 

</doc>
<doc id="18330696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330696" title="Dennis DeBarr">
Dennis DeBarr

Dennis Lee DeBarr (born January 16, 1953, in Cheyenne, Wyoming) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball.
Originally drafted by the Detroit Tigers in the 1971 amateur draft, DeBarr was selected by the Toronto Blue Jays in the 1976 MLB expansion draft. DeBarr appeared in fourteen games as a relief pitcher for the Blue Jays in , the team's inaugural season.

</doc>
<doc id="18330708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330708" title="Bristol Red Sox">
Bristol Red Sox

The Bristol Red Sox was an American minor league baseball franchise. Based in Bristol, Connecticut, it was the Double-A Eastern League farm system affiliate of the Boston Red Sox for ten seasons, 1973 through 1982, and played at Muzzy Field.
The team was created during the 1972–1973 offseason, when the parent Red Sox decided to move their Triple-A franchise, the Louisville Colonels, to Pawtucket, Rhode Island, home of the Sox' Eastern League farm team, the Pawtucket Red Sox, since 1970. 
The Double-A PawSox' owner, Joe Buzas, selected Bristol as the site for his relocated EL franchise. The city had previously hosted the Bristol Owls of the Class B Colonial League in 1949–1950 (the league disbanded on July 14, 1950) and the "Tramps", "Bellmakers" and "Woodchoppers" of the Connecticut State League at the turn of the 20th century (1897; 1899–1901).
Despite the presence of future Boston stars Jim Rice and Fred Lynn on the 1973 squad, the maiden season of the Bristol Red Sox was a losing one — but the next nine editions of the club sported over .500 records and won Eastern League titles in 1975, 1978 and 1981. Other future MLB or Red Sox stars who played for Bristol included Marty Barrett, Wade Boggs, Oil Can Boyd, Bo Díaz, Rich Gedman, Butch Hobson, Bruce Hurst, Steve Lyons, Al Nipper, Bob Stanley, Dave Stapleton, John Tudor and Ernie Whitt.
Managers included former Major League players Stan Williams, Dick McAuliffe and John Kennedy, but the most successful Bristol skipper was Tony Torchia, who piloted the club for its final five seasons, winning two championships.
The franchise shifted to New Britain, Connecticut, in 1983, where it still plays as the New Britain Rock Cats, a Minnesota Twins affiliate since the 1995 season. Boston's current Eastern League affiliate is the Portland Sea Dogs.

</doc>
<doc id="18330712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330712" title="Hungarian Round Table Talks">
Hungarian Round Table Talks

The Hungarian Round Table Talks () were a series of formalized, orderly and highly legalistic discussions held in Budapest, Hungary in the summer and autumn of 1989, inspired by the Polish model, that ended in the creation of a multi-party constitutional democracy and saw the Communist Party (formally the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party or MSzMP) lose its 40-year grip on power.
Background.
The talks originated in March 1989 as a meeting among opposition groups. At that point, longtime leader János Kádár had been removed from power for almost a year, and the Communists' Central Committee that month admitted the necessity of a multiparty system, with various groups like Fidesz and the Alliance of Free Democrats (SzDSz) having emerged. Mass demonstrations on March 15, the National Day, persuaded the regime to begin negotiations with the emergent non-Communist political forces. A week later, these new movements, at the initiative of the Independent Lawyers' Forum, formed the Opposition Round Table ("Ellenzéki Kerekasztal", EKA), designed to prevent the Communists from trying to maintain power by dividing the opposition, and to establish some degree of unity in the face of the regime’s own reform agenda. The table was composed of a small number of elite organizations, whose grassroots links were poorly developed and whose very existence stemmed in part from the collaboration of key Communist reformers. Specifically, it involved the SzDSz, Fidesz, the Hungarian Democratic Forum (MDF), the Independent Smallholders' Party, the Hungarian People’s Party, the Endre Bajcsy-Zsilinszky Society, and the Democratic Trade Union of Scientific Workers. At a later stage the League of Free Trade Unions and the Christian Democratic People's Party (KNDP) were invited.
The MSzMP, although beleaguered by demands for change from within (in the form of increasingly active Reform Circles), and facing a disintegrating economy, did not meet with the opposition until 22 April. Unlike in Poland, where the lines between the united opposition and the government were clear, Hungary's round table (formally established in June as the National Round Table ("Nemzeti Kerekasztal", NKA), with talks beginning on the 13th) was trilateral, also involving unions and quasi-civil society organisations under the party's authority but beginning to distance themselves from it. Instead of a single opposition movement with substantial threat potential (Solidarity), several relatively frail opposition groups which at most could play on the regime's fear of mass demonstrations on the occasion of various commemorations participated. This weakness radicalised their demands, leading to greater government concessions; the opposition, which had an open-ended agenda and could effectively veto proposals, knew from Poland that it either had to negotiate free elections or would begin to lose its legitimacy as representatives of the people.
Progression.
The topics of discussions were almost completely unknown to the public. The Communists did their best to prevent wider knowledge of the negotiations, supposedly to prevent them being used as political propaganda. The Opposition Round Table agreed to this suggestion at a meeting on 10 June; this aroused suspicions they were implicated in a behind-the-scenes deal. Some smaller parties outside the table claimed an underhanded bargain between the old and new political elite was taking place without public consultation. The Opposition Round Table did its best to dissipate such suspicions. Indeed, all involved were devoted to a peaceful and democratic transition (to which the regime implicitly agreed through its acceptance of negotiations), and were nervous about uncontrolled popular mobilisation—especially as talks began before the Berlin Wall fell and Solidarity scored a decisive electoral victory. Nevertheless, the 10 June agreement severely limited its room for manoeuvring. The lack of publicity did not cause conflicts between the negotiating elite of the parties and their membership, but it did cause a number of misunderstandings in society at large. It was only when the Round Table agreement was signed on 18 September that the public became fully aware of the different viewpoints represented at the round table; the plenary session dealing with its breakup was broadcast on television.
As the talks advanced (and especially after Imre Nagy was reburied on 16 June), EKA made more detailed and all-encompassing demands: guaranteed free elections and free media access during these, exclusion of political crimes from the criminal code, a prohibition on the use of violence, and de-politicization of the armed forces. The Communists wanted to share the burden of managing the economy, but the opposition refused to take on the task until it entered government and focused on political before economic reform. All involved acknowledged that the “third side” (unions and party organisations) was less important in both the process and outcome; members of the state agencies distanced themselves from the ebbing authority of the party, but were content "not" to support it, guaranteeing them a lesser role in negotiations. Nevertheless, they ostensibly represented the non-elites not present at the table; issues included their constituents’ concerns, such as wages, self-management, and the maintenance and extension of a social safety net that faced an uncertain future. By and large, these topics were only symbolically and not substantively discussed, with the other two sides focusing on a political solution. It was at the talks that a number of Hungary's future political leaders emerged, including László Sólyom, József Antall, György Szabad, Péter Tölgyessy and Viktor Orbán.
Negotiations broke down frequently, with the two most contentious issues being the electoral system and the presidency. (Other points of contention were whether the country would be defined as "socialist" in the constitution, and disclosure of Communist Party assets.) While the Communists pressed for a presidential system with majority voting that would presumably elect its popular reformist leader Imre Pozsgay, the smaller opposition parties wanted a parliamentary system, proportional representation, and a weak presidency (based on the assumption that Pozsgay would be elected). A party congress was scheduled for October, and reformists had to show something there to legitimise themselves. During negotiations, the MSzMP offered concessions aimed at having Pozsgay elected. In August, they offered to dissolve Workers' Militia if his candidacy were accepted, and in September, they offered to have the president elected by referendum. (This was presented as a concession, because while popular election would have granted him more legitimacy, the sitting parliament would easily have elected Pozsgay.) 
Conclusion.
An agreement was reached involving six draft laws that covered an overhaul of the Constitution, establishment of a Constitutional Court, the functioning and management of political parties, multiparty elections for National Assembly deputies, the penal code and the law on penal procedures (the last two changes represented an additional separation of the Party from the state apparatus). The electoral system was a compromise: about half of the deputies would be elected proportionally and half by the majoritarian system. A weak presidency was also agreed upon, but no consensus was attained on who should elect the president (parliament or the people) and when this election should occur (before or after parliamentary elections). Initially, the opposition was united in wanting the president elected by parliament after new elections to ensure parliamentary supremacy and minimise the MSzMP's power. Then, faced with Communist concessions, the relatively weak opposition split, as at least three moderate groups (including KNDP and MDF) signed the Round Table agreement and implicitly accepted Pozsgay as president while the radicals (notably Fidesz and the SzDSz) refused to do so. After a burst of negotiations, fully free elections were scheduled for March 1990, in contrast to the semi-free elections held in Poland in June 1989.
In the end, the implicit deal on the presidency (the only place where the Communists appeared to have gotten the upper hand) reached in the Round Table Talks was reversed: when the MSzMP dissolved itself in early October and became the MSZP, a majority of members as well as MPs failed to join the new party, and Pozsgay was not elected its leader. In the ensuing power vacuum, the radicals used the very liberal initiative law formulated by the Round Table to successfully campaign for a referendum on four additional issues. The referendum, held on 26 November, asked questions on the dissolution of the party militia, the return of party assets, the elimination of the party from the workplace and whether presidential or parliamentary elections should be held first. They easily obtained the 100,000 signatures needed to place the questions on the ballot. The reform Communists quickly abolished the party militia, promised a full accounting of its assets before the referendum, and removed its cells from the workplace. On the crucial question of the election sequence, the radicals barely satisfied both criteria (55% turnout, with 50% needed, and 50.07% supporting parliamentary elections first). The party-state had been completely dismantled, something the Opposition Round Table had not been strong enough to accomplish on its own. The Communists themselves used the initiative to force a vote on direct election of the president on 29 July 1990, but this failed due to a turnout of just 14%. Instead of a communist candidate chosen in direct elections before the election of a new parliament, the presidency went to SzDSz politician (Árpád Göncz) elected by the new parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18330751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330751" title="Ovarian vein syndrome">
Ovarian vein syndrome

In medicine, ovarian vein syndrome is a rare (possibly not uncommon, certainly under-diagnosed) condition in which a dilated ovarian vein compresses the ureter (the tube that brings the urine from the kidney to the bladder). This causes chronic or colicky abdominal pain, back pain and/or pelvic pain. The pain can worsen on lying down or between ovulation and menstruation. There can also be an increased tendency towards urinary tract infection or pyelonephritis (kidney infection). The right ovarian vein is most commonly involved, although the disease can be left-sided or affect both sides. It is currently classified as a form of pelvic congestion syndrome.
Diagnosis.
Since it is a rare disease, it remains a diagnosis of exclusion of other conditions with similar symptoms. The diagnosis is supported by the results of imaging studies such as computed tomography or magnetic resonance imaging, ultrasound of the abdomen (with or without doppler imaging) or intravenous urography.
Specialist vascular ultrasonographers should routinely look for left ovarian vein reflux in patients with lower limb varices especially if not associated with long or short saphenous reflux. The clinical pattern of varices differs between the two types of lower limb varices.
Ct scanning is used to exclude abdominal or pelvic pathology. CT-Angiography/Venography can often demonstrate left ovarian vein reflux and image an enlarged left ovarian vein but is less sensitive and much more expensive that duplex Doppler ultrasound examination. Ultrasound required that the ultrasonographer be experienced in venous vascular ultrasound and so is not always readily available. A second specialist ultrasound exam remains preferable to a CT scan.
As a wide range of pelvic and abdominal pathology can cause symptoms consistent with those symptoms due to left ovarian vein relux. Prior to embolisation of the left ovarian vein, a careful search for such diagnoses is essential. Consultation with general surgeons, gynaecologists, and possibly CT scanning should always be considered.
Treatment.
Treatment consists of painkillers and surgical ablation of the dilated vein. This can be accomplished with open abdominal surgery (laparotomy) or keyhole surgery (laparoscopy). Recently, the first robot-assisted surgery was described.
Another approach to treatment involves catheter-based embolisation, often preceded by phlebography to visualise the vein on X-ray fluoroscopy.
Ovarian vein coil embolisation is an effective and safe treatment for pelvic congestion syndrome and lower limb varices of pelvic origin. many patient with lower limb varices of pelvic origin respond to local treatment i.e. ultrasound guided sclerotherapy. In those cases, ovarian vein coil embolisation should be considered second line treatment to be used if veins recur in a short time period i.e. 1–3 years. This approach allows further pregnancies to proceed if desired. Coil embolisation is not appropriate if a future pregnancy is possible. This treatment has largely superseded operative options.
Coil embolisation requires exclusion of other pelvic pathology, expertise in endovascular surgery, correct placement of appropriate sized coils in the pelvis and also in the upper left ovarian vein, careful pre- and post-procedure specialist vascular ultrasound imaging, a full discussion of the procedure with the patient i.e. informed consent. Complication such as coil migration are rare but reported. Their sequelae are usually minor.
If a Nutcracker compression (see below) is discovered, stenting of the renal vein should be considered before embolization of the ovarian vein. Reducing outflow obstruction should always be the main objective.
Disease mechanism.
Normally, the ovarian vein crosses over the ureter at the level of the fourth or fifth lumbar vertebral bone. The ureter itself courses over the external iliac artery and vein. Thus, these vessels can impinge on the ureter causing obstruction. The left ovarian vein ends in the renal vein whereas the right ovarian vein normally enters into the inferior vena cava. In the case of right ovarian vein syndrome, the vein often ends in the renal vein. This is thought to contribute to venous engorgement, in analogy to what is seen in varicoceles, which arise more commonly on the left side. The straight angle between the ovarian vein (or testicular vein in males in the case of varicocoele) and the renal vein has been proposed as a cause of decreased blood return.
A related diagnosis is "Nutcraker Syndrome" where the left renal vein is described as being compressed between the aorta and the superior mesenteric artery. This is reported to cause collateral flow paths to open up to drain the left kidney i.e. reversed flow (reflux caudally) in the left renal vein. Pelvic Congestion Syndrome, vaginal and vulval varices, lower limb varices are clinical sequelae. Virtually all such patient are female and have been pregnant, often multiply.
The ovarian vein often displays incompetent valves. This has been observed more often in women with a higher number of previous pregnancies. Pressure from the baby might hinder the return of blood through the ovarian vein. It has to be noted however that dilation of the urinary tract is a normal observation in pregnancy, due to mechanical compression and the hormonal action of progesterone. Ovarian vein dilatation might also follow venous thrombosis (clotting inside the vein).
Another proposed mechanism of obstruction is when the ovarian vein and ureter both run through a sheath of fibrous tissue, following a local inflammation. This could be seen as a localised form of retroperitoneal fibrosis.
Following obstruction, the ureter displays an abnormal peristalsis (contractions) towards the kidney instead of towards the bladder. This is thought to cause the colicky pain (similar to renal colic), and it is relieved after surgical decompression.
History.
The entity was first described by Clark in 1964. Following initial scepticism and lively discussion in the medical literature, it is now recognised by many authors.

</doc>
<doc id="18330784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330784" title="Generation (Anarchic System album)">
Generation (Anarchic System album)

Generation is the second album of the Anarchic System released in 1975.
Track listing.
Face A :<br>
Face B :<br>
All songs from P de Senneville and O. Toussaint.<br>
Except for Face B 3, from I. Wira and C. Gordanne.
Personnel.
<br>
Recording studios :<br>
Distribution.
for France : Delphine Records, Distribution Discodis index catalog 700 005

</doc>
<doc id="18330785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330785" title="Copa Libertadores records and statistics">
Copa Libertadores records and statistics

This page details the records and statistics of the Copa Libertadores. The Copa Libertadores is an international premier club tournament played annually by the top clubs of South America. It includes 3-5 teams from all ten CONMEBOL members plus Mexico, whose clubs are invited guests to the tournament. It is typically held from February to June and it consists of six stages.
General performances.
All-time top ten table.
"List is current as of the end of 2011."
Clubs.
By semifinal appearances.
Note: 1) In 1966 and 1967, the finalists qualified via semi-final group stage which consisted of one group of four teams and a second group of three teams. The seven teams are marked as semifinalists in the table. 2) From 1971 to 1987, the finalists qualified via a semifinal group stage which consisted of two groups of three teams. The six teams are marked as semifinalists in the table.
Finals success rate.
Only one club has appeared in the finals of the Copa Libertadores more than once with a 100% success rate:
Nine clubs have appeared in the final once, being victorious on that occasion:
On the other end, fourteen clubs have appeared in the finals and have never won the tournament. Five of those clubs have appeared in the finals more than once, losing on each occasion:
Consecutive participations.
Peñarol have the record number of consecutive particpations with 15 from 1965 to 1979.
Consecutive finals.
Two clubs have appeared in a record four consecutive finals:
Defending the trophy.
Fifty-three tournaments have been completed as of the end of 2013. Eleven of the fifty-seven attempts to defend the trophy (19.2%) have been successful and has been accomplished by six clubs:
Of the 24 clubs to win the tournament, 18 have never defended it. Six of those clubs have won the trophy more than once and had more than one attempt to do so: 
Since the start of current format in 2005, two title-holders have failed to advance past the group stage:
Winning other trophies.
Although not an official title or recognized achievement, only one club has the distinction of winning the Copa Libertadores, their national league, and another domestic tournament in the same year/season, known colloquially as the treble:
In addition Santos, six other clubs have achieved a continental double, in which a club win the Copa Libertadore in addition to their domesitc league in the same year:
In addition to the double, these clubs have gone on to win other trophies in that same time frame:
Players.
Appearances.
Ever Hugo Almeida holds the record for most matches played with 113 games, all for Olimpia. He is also the only person to have made over 100 appearances in the tournament. 
Goalscoring.
All-time top scorers.
Alberto Spencer is the all-time goalscorer of the Copa Libertadores with 54 goals to his name between 1960 and 1972.
Top scorer award.
The top scorer award is for the player who amassed the most goals in the tournament. 

</doc>
<doc id="18330799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330799" title="CS-4">
CS-4

The CS-4 project was a series of satellites that Japan's National Space Development Agency planned to launch from 1995 onwards.
The CS-4 series was described by Tomifumi Godai, one of NASDA's executive directors, as "an engineering test satellite . . . to develop communication technology with antennas of various bandwidths".
The project was announced as cancelled in 1990, after the US Department of Commerce described the series as conventional communications satellites which could be used by Nippon Telegraph and Telephone instead of buying satellites on the open market. As that market was dominated by the US, they threatened to impose punitive tariffs on Japanese goods. This was possible due to the "Super 301" clause of the 1988 Trade Act, which threatens retaliation against unfair trading.
Godai responded by saying the CS-4 had no commercial use, with NASDA merely developing the technology with no intention of selling it. Even after Japan said that it would allow foreign suppliers to bid for commercial satellite contracts, the program was still dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="18330809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330809" title="Community Boards of Staten Island">
Community Boards of Staten Island

Staten Island Community Boards comprise three local units in the borough of Staten Island, which, like those in the other boroughs, play a role in the government of New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18330810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330810" title="Fusebox Funk">
Fusebox Funk

Fusebox Funk is a powerhouse 6 piece Funk/Hip Hop phenomenon! Hailing from Jacksonville FL, Fusebox Funk has thrilled tens of thousands of fans at clubs and festivals across the country since their debut in 2001. Featuring a full horn section, 3 vocalists, and one of the tightest rhythm sections in the region, Fusebox Funk is guaranteed to be a standout at any venue or festival and can appeal to any type of audience. 
The group features a plethora of talent, including gold record artist J. Dash on keys and vocals.
History.
Originally formed in 2001 and originally funded by ex-drummer Pete Booras, the band self produced their own CD demos, DVD videos and released their first CD, titled "The Solution", in 2004. They also acted as their own agent and manager, booking gigs on their own until 2008. 
After several years the band went through a line-up change in 2007 adding Drummer Jeff Byrd (ByrDog), a Jazz/Fusion drummer with Hip-Hop roots, and bassist Cary Jordan (Cary The Label Guy), a bassist with Jazz/Rock/Hip-Hop roots and a Warwick (bass guitar) user. 
2008 also welcomed rapper/celebrity chef J Dash to the Fusebox Funk lineup as a full time keyboardist/vocalist. 
Fusebox Funk have appeared on the same bill with artists such as Galactic, Ozomatli and George Clinton as well as performed with the Jacksonville Symphony Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="18330817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330817" title="Elena Pampoulova">
Elena Pampoulova

Elena Pampoulova (also Elena Wagner, Elena Pampoulova-Bergomi, , born 17 May 1972, in Sofia) is a retired professional tennis player from Bulgaria. She competed for Fed Cup of the International Tennis Federation (ITF). Elena's first tennis coach was her own mother, Bulgarian tennis player Lubka Radkova. Elena's father, Emilian Pampoulov, is also a tennis player.
Tennis career.
Pampoulova's professional tennis career span from 1988 to 2001. Her career-high singles ranking is 62 (9 September 1996). Her career-high doubles ranking is 38 (23 September 1996).
Pampoulova played for Bulgaria and the Bulgaria Fed Cup team from 1988 to 1992. Pampulova was one of only three players to represent Bulgaria in tennis at the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona (together with Katerina Maleeva and Magdalena Maleeva).
From 1997 to 1999 Elena played for Germany and the Germany Fed Cup team. Her total tennis career prize money amounts to $704,882. Pampoulova has 13 career titles in singles (1 of the from WTA tour) and 11 career titles in doubles (3 of them from WTA tour).
Personal life.
On 11 July 2006, Elena Pampoulova married her long-time boy-friend, Swiss banker Christian Bergomi. The couple currently lives in Switzerland, where Elena is an investment banker. Their son Alex was born in early 2008.
Fed Cup.
Elena Pampoulova debuted for the Bulgaria Fed Cup team in 1988. Since then she has a 5–6 singles record and a 3–2 doubles record (8–8 overall).

</doc>
<doc id="18330834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330834" title="Hussein Ali">
Hussein Ali

Hussein Ali () is an Egyptian football centre midfielder. He currently plays for the Egyptian Premier League club ENPPI.

</doc>
<doc id="18330840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330840" title="Rat Sound">
Rat Sound

Rat Sound Systems is a sound equipment provider of touring sound reinforcement equipment and services to the concert touring industry, based in Camarillo, California.
Rat Sound Systems was established in 1980 by Dave Rat and Brian Benjamin, and is known for being one of the first sound companies to tour with hard core punk bands such as Black Flag, Fear and the Dead Kennedys. 
The list of artists and events that Rat Sound Systems has provided equipment for includes: Black Flag, Sonic Youth, Pearl Jam, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Jack Johnson, R.E.M., AFI, Ben Harper, Blink 182, The Offspring, Rage Against the Machine, Weezer, Queens of the Stone Age, Eddie Vedder, My Chemical Romance, Paramore, Jimmy Eat World, Beck, The Used and many other artists.
The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival has utilized Rat Sound to provide audio as the primary audio vendor since 2001. Warped Tour and Taste of Chaos both tour with sound systems provided by Rat Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="18330851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330851" title="ONVOL 1st Division League">
ONVOL 1st Division League

The Gozitan First Division, known as Onvol 1st Division for sponsorship reasons is the top level league for football in Gozo. The league was first competed in 1937. In the Gozitan football system, there is one division under the First Division, that is the Second Division.
Prior to 1980, the top level of the Maltese Football League was known as the First Division, however it was renamed the Premier League and has stayed so since, with the First Division (formerly known as the Second Division) one level lower.
The Onvol First Division is based on three rounds, thus each team play each other three times, thus the teams in the First Division play 18 games each in total. The season is usually held between September and April. At the end of the season, the bottom club is relegated to the Second Division and the winner of the Second Division is promoted to the First Division. A promotion/relegation playoff game takes place between the 6th placed First Division team and the team placing second in the Second Division.
Champions.
Here is a complete list of the past champions of the First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18330859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330859" title="James G. Kalergis">
James G. Kalergis

James George Kalergis was a career U.S. Army officer whose career spanned the World War II and Post-Vietnam eras and played a significant role in the post-Vietnam era reorganization of the U.S. Army.
Youth and early career.
Kalergis was born in Lowell, Massachusetts on January 13, 1917. His father, George Demetrios Kalergis, and his mother, Nicoletta Vasilakos Kalergis, were immigrants from Greece. Kalergis graduated from Boston University. His education continued during his military career when he earned a masters degree in international relations at George Washington University and attended the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School. He also attended U.S. Army officer training at the Command and General Staff School at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas and the Army War College.
Kalergis enlisted in the U.S. Army in February 1941, prior to the start of World War II. He was commissioned as a lieutenant after attending the Field Artillery Officer Candidate School at Fort Sill, Oklahoma in 1942. He served as an artillery officer with the 882nd Field Artillery Battalion. By November 1943, he was a captain and battalion adjutant and promoted to major shortly after the unit arrived in France in February 1945. He was awarded the Bronze Star while with the 882nd which generally supported the 70th Infantry Division's 274th Infantry Regiment during the Rhineland and Central Europe campaigns.
From 1949 to 1952, Kalergis, as a major, was assistant professor of military science and tactics at Saint Bonaventure College, a Franciscan school in St. Bonaventure, New York. As a lieutenant colonel in 1954, Kalergis commanded the 36th Field Artillery Group's 597th Armored Field Artillery Battalion in Hanau, Germany.
Vietnam and army reorganization.
In the in 1960s, Kalergis served tours in South Korea and as commander of 2nd Armored Division (United States) at Fort Hood, Texas. During the Vietnam War from 1967 to 1968, he commanded the artillery for the corps-level organization I Field Force, Vietnam (United States). The next year, he served as First Field Force's chief of staff. In Vietnam, he was recognized in efforts to quantify and reduce "harassment and interdiction fire", artillery fire intended to reduce enemy morale and movement. Yet in practice, it was rarely observed or checked for results and generally proved useless in countering enemy activities in a war without fronts. Kalergis developed systems to quantify and significantly reduce its use due to ineffectiveness, collateral damage to civilians and its high cost.
As a major general, Kalergis was Deputy Commanding General for Logistical Support of the United States Army Materiel Command from 1970-1972. 
In early 1972, Kalergis was recognized for his organizational abilities and tasked with drawing up the 1973 reorganization of the U.S. Army, the most extensive reorganization of the Army in the continental United States since 1942. Operation STEADFAST resulted in the establishment of U.S. Army Forces Command (FORSCOM) and U.S. Army Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC). It was followed by subsequent reorganizations in Army Staff Headquarters and of units in the field. The effort to accomplish internal reorganization was initiated with the Army, forestalling efforts by the executive or legislative branch in the post-Vietnam era. Kalergis then served as assistant vice chief for Army Chief of Staff.
Retirement.
From 1974 until his retirement from active duty in 1975, Kalerigis was commanding general of the First United States Army at Fort Meade, Maryland.
In retirement in 1976, Kalerigis chaired a task force that drafted an action plan "Tank Weapon System Management. A Program for Maximum Effectiveness" to improve armored forces management. His retirement activities also included serving as a Pentagon consultant, and from 1979 to 1982 as chairman of Vinnell Corporation which trained the Saudi National Guard. 
Kalerigis died of cancer at Walter Reed Army Medical Center on April 13, 1991 at the age of 74. He resided in Alexandria, Virginia and was married to Norma Butler (1919-1996) for 50 years at the time of his death.
General and Mrs. Kalergis are buried at Arlington National Cemetery, Section 7A, Grave 61.

</doc>
<doc id="18330862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330862" title="Fox 21 (production company)">
Fox 21 (production company)

Fox 21 (styled fox21.) is a cable television production arm of 20th Century Fox, which is a division of the Fox Entertainment Group, part of Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox. The company produces the FX series "Sons of Anarchy", the A&E action series "Breakout Kings", The CW reality series "Beauty and the Geek", the Showtime series "Homeland", the Comedy Central series "Brickleberry", and the FX series "Tyrant".

</doc>
<doc id="18330920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330920" title="Staten Island Community Board 1">
Staten Island Community Board 1

Staten Island Community Board 1 is a local government unit of the city of New York, encompassing the Staten Island neighborhoods of Arlington, northern Castleton Corners, Clifton Concord, Elm Park, Fort Wadsworth, northern Graniteville, Grymes Hill, Livingston, Mariners' Harbor, northern Meiers Corners, New Brighton, Port Ivory, Port Richmond, Randall Manor, Rosebank, Staten Island, St. George, Shore Acres, Silver Lake, Stapleton, Sunnyside, Tompkinsville, West Brighton, Westerleigh, and northern Willowbrook . Community Board 1 is essentially the entire area of Staten Island north of the Staten Island Expressway. 
Community Boards play an advisory role in New York City government in the areas of land use, zoning, budget and municipal service delivery.
Its current chairman is Leticia Remauro, and its district manager Joseph Carroll.

</doc>
<doc id="18330921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330921" title="Kystekspressen">
Kystekspressen

Partsrederiet Kystekspressen ANS branded as Kystekspressen or "the Coast Express" is a shipping company that operates passenger ferry services between Trondheim and Kristiansund, Norway. Three ships are used on the route, that includes the branch lines Trondheim–Sula and Sistranda–Halten. It had 343,510 passengers in 2005.
History.
Kystekspressen was launched on 6 June 1994 to take over operations of the fast ferries between Trondheim and Kristiansund. Until then, the services had been operated by Fosen Trafikklag in Sør-Trøndelag and by Møre og Romsdal Fylkesbåtar in Møre og Romsdal. The company was organized as a joint venture, and a through route between Trondheim and Kristiansund was established. The company had five ferries: "Hertugsbusssen", "Agdenes", "Lauparen" and "Ternen" were used in regular service, while "Kongsbussen" was reserve. "Hertugsbussen" was sold in 1996. In 2002, the two new ferries "Mørejarl" and "Ladejarl" were delivered; the rest of the fleet was sold, except "Agdenes" that was kept as a reserve as well as serving the route to Sula. The company is owned 51% by Fosen Trafikklag and 49% by Fjord1 Nordvestlandske (former Møre og Romsdal Fylkesbåtar), with Fosen Trafikklag responsible for operations.
Since January 2008 the two main ferries have had wireless Internet access on board, in a solution provided from Telenor. From 1 October 2008, the public transport digital ticketing system has been valid on Kystekspressen. In 2008, the company announced that they wanted to reduce the speed to save diesel usage, but the county municipalities said no to the proposal that would increase travel time by 20 minutes.
Service.
MS "Ladejarl" and MS "Mørejarl" operate between the Pier Terminal in Trondheim and Kristiansand in 3:15 hours, with intermediate stops in Lensvik, Hysnes, Brekstad, Leksa, Sandstad, Kjørsvikbugen, Edøya and Ringholmen. Three daily serves are provided. MS "Agdenes" operates the route to Sula. The service receives subsidies from Møre og Romsdal County Municipality and Sør-Trøndelag County Municipality.
Fleet.
MS "Mørejarl" and MS "Ladejarl" are identical sister ships built at Fjellstrand Yard in 2002. Owned by Kystekspresen the two aluminium-hull catamarans operate the Trondheim–Kristiansund route, with a capacity of 276 passengers and a crew of four or five. They are named for Rognvald Eysteinsson, Earl of Møre and the six Earls of Lade that ruled regions of Norway during the Viking Age.
MS "Agdenes" was built at Harding Yard in 1991. Owned by Fosen Trafikklag it serves the Sula route, in addition to being on reserve for the other routes. She is an aluminum-hull catamaran that can carry 210 passengers and has a crew of four.
Retired fleet.
"Kongsbussen" and "Hertugsbussen" were the first catamaran fast ferry to operate in the region. They were built by Westermoen Hydrofoil in 1973 for Fosen Trafikklag. The vessels were 199 gross tonnes and 112 net tonnes, long, wide and deep. They had two twelve-cylinder diesel engines, capable of , allowing them to transport the 140 passengers and crew of four at speeds up to . "Hertugsbussen" was sold in 1996, while "Kongsbussen" was sold in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18330933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330933" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Ganzhou">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ganzhou

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ganzhou/Kanchow (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Ganzhou in the Ecclesiastical province of Nanchang in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18330937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330937" title="Nikolay Chipev">
Nikolay Chipev

Nikolay Chipev (; born 20 February 1989) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing as a midfielder for Beroe Stara Zagora. He was raised in CSKA Sofia's youth teams.

</doc>
<doc id="18330955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330955" title="Brabanter">
Brabanter

The Brabanter is a Dutch breed of chicken originating in the historic region of Brabant which straddles Belgium and the Netherlands. In a few paintings from the 1670s by Dutch artist Melchior d'Hondecoeter, appear what would seem to be Brabanters. The original form of the Brabanter nearly went extinct in the early 20th century. The few remaining birds were interbred with their close relative, the Dutch Owlbeard, and the breed was recreated by 1920. The Brabanters that were produced through the interbreeding were somewhat smaller than the originals. Today, it is a rare breed which is practically non-existent outside of Continental Europe, and stock that is found elsewhere is often of poor quality.
The distinguishing characteristics of the Brabanter are its conspicuous crest and beard. Its crest is unlike that of most other crested breeds, such as the Polish, in that it stands straight up and projects slightly forward in a similar manner as the Appenzeller Spitzhauben's. It has a V-shaped comb and cavernous nostrils; both commonly seen in crested breeds. Colors appear in many varieties, including: gold spangled, silver spangled and creme. The bird's shanks are slate blue. Hens lay a moderate number of white eggs, do not frequently go broody, and are fairly good winter layers. The breed has a fair build, and thus is a decent table-bird. The Brabanter is a calm breed that is intelligent. It can stand confinement. The Brabanter is suitable for cold areas because its smaller comb and wattles are less susceptible to frostbite than larger ones, like what are found on the Mediterranean Breeds.

</doc>
<doc id="18330958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330958" title="A.P.C.">
A.P.C.

A.P.C. is a French ready-to-wear brand, founded in 1987 by the Tunisian-Jewish born designer Jean Touitou. A.P.C. stands for 'Atelier de Production et de Création'. The company's legal address is 39 Rue Madame 75006 Paris, which is also the location of its flagship store.
Characteristics of the Brand.
The brand is known for its minimalist designs. Its clothing features clean lines and simple patterns. Logos are rarely visible, as well. Its clothing tends to incorporate the characteristics of military garments.
One of the brand's most popular products is its raw-denim selvage jeans thought of by Adam Shantir. Their jeans are popular among beginning denim enthusiasts, as they are Arabic selvage denim but are also, unlike the products of many companies who use denim of this quality, slim cut and fashionable. The denim also fades quickly when used, allowing denim enthusiasts to achieve a lot of wear and fading quite quickly if they wish.
The fit of APC clothing derives from Touitou's distaste for the loose-fitting clothes of his contemporaries.
Distribution.
At first, the brand was distributed fairly exclusively. Recently, it has expanded significantly, opening many stores worldwide. In addition to the flagship store in Paris, stores can be found in Antwerp, Berlin, Kobe, London, Osaka, New York City, two in Hong Kong, Richmond, Tokyo, West Hollywood, and at the old Raffles Hotel in Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="18330967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330967" title="Staten Island Community Board 2">
Staten Island Community Board 2

Staten Island Community Board 2 is a local government unit of the city of New York, encompassing the Staten Island neighborhoods of Arrochar, Staten Island, Bloomfield, Bulls Head, Chelsea, southern Castleton Corners, Dongan Hills, Egbertville, Emerson Hill, southern Graniteville, Grant City, Grasmere, Heartland Village, Midland Beach, New Dorp, New Springville, Oakwood, Ocean Breeze, Old Town, South Beach, Todt Hill, Travis, and southern Willowbrook. 
Its current chairman is Dana T. Magee, and its district manager Debra Derrico.

</doc>
<doc id="18330986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330986" title="Staten Island Community Board 3">
Staten Island Community Board 3

Staten Island Community Board 3 is a local government unit of the city of New York, encompassing the Staten Island neighborhoods of Annadale, Arden Heights, Bay Terrace, Charleston, Eltingville, Great Kills, Greenridge, Huguenot, Pleasant Plains, Prince's Bay, Richmond Valley, Rossville, Tottenville and Woodrow.
Its current chairman is Frank Morano, and its district manager Charlene Wagner.

</doc>
<doc id="18330991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18330991" title="Shass Pollak">
Shass Pollak

Shas Pollak were Jewish mnemonists who, according to the 1917 report of George Stratton in the "Psychological Review", memorized the exact layout of words in more than 5,000 pages of the 12 books of the standard edition of the Babylonian Talmud. Stratton's report consists of accounts of and comments on testimonials of three eyewitnesses. Two of the eyewitnesses stated that the memorizing was related to the Talmud part, printed in the centers of the pages, and not the surrounding commentary.
"Shas" is a Hebrew acronym for the words "shishah sedarim", "six orders", or Mishnah; "shas" is also a colloquial reference to the Talmud. "Pollak" means "Pole" in Yiddish, referring to a Polish Jew, so the term literally means "The Talmud-Pole" or the "Polish Talmudist."
G.M. Stratton quotes a letter from a Reverend Dr. David Phillipson of Cincinnati who described the so-called "pin test":
...A pin would be placed on a word, let us say, the fourth word in line eight; the memory sharp would then be asked what word is in the same spot on page thirty-eight or fifty or any other page; the pin would be pressed through the volume until it reached page thirty eight or page fifty or any other page designated; the memory sharp would then mention the word and it was found invariably correct. He had visualized in his brain the whole Talmud; in other words, the pages of the Talmud were photographed on his brain. It was one of the most stupendous feats of memory I have ever witnessed and there was no fake about it.
Another reputable witness was Dr. Solomon Schechter, the then President of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America.
This feat has since been quoted in many books on memory.
Stratton writes that all eyewitnesses noticed that none of the "Shass Pollak" known to them have attained any prominence in the scholarly world.
In a footnote, the article also mentions that memorizing the Talmud was a subject of the work by J. Brüll, ""Die Mnemotechnik des Talmuds"", Vienna, 1864, and that the Talmudic mnemonics is a subject of an article in the "Jewish Encyclopedia".
See also here and here 
Literary references.
A 1993 novelette "Ginger" (Рыжик) by Mikhail Veller about the fate of a Jewish boy who became a member of "spetsnaz," has the following passage: "Torah was supposed to be known as follows. The Grandfather opened the book at random and punched a word with a pin. You were supposed to recite the text starting with the word pinned on the opposite page of the sheet."

</doc>
<doc id="18331018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331018" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Ji’an">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ji’an

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ji'an/Kian (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Ji'an in the Ecclesiastical province of Nanchang in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18331048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331048" title="Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1998">
Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1998

The Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1998 (c 43) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It provided reform to the statute law in the areas of administration of justice, ecclesiastical law, education, finance, Hereford and Worcester, Inclosure Acts, Scottish Local Acts, Slave Trade Acts, as well as other miscellaneous items.
This Act implemented recommendations contained in the sixteenth report on statute law revision, by the Law Commission and the Scottish Law Commission.
Schedule 2.
Paragraph 3 was repealed by section 109(3) of, and Schedule 10 to the Courts Act 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18331060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331060" title="Adam Buckley">
Adam Buckley

Adam Christian Buckley (born 2 August 1979 in Nottingham, England) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder and is without a club.
Buckley played as a professional in the Football League for Grimsby Town and Lincoln City between 1998 and 2003, after coming through the youth ranks at West Bromwich Albion. He has since forged a career in Non-league football and has played for Brigg Town, Harrowby United, Stamford, Spalding United, Bourne Town, Lincoln Moorlands Railway, Sleaford Town, Nettleham, Gainsborough Town and Winterton Rangers.
Career.
Grimsby Town.
Buckley first got his break in the professional game with West Bromwich Albion as an academy player in 1996, This was while his father, Alan Buckley was the club's manager. With limited chances though he failed to make the grade and step up to the first team at Albion, prompting Buckley to eventually follow his father to Grimsby Town in 1997, when Alan re-took the managerial post at Blundell Park for the second time.
He made his debut for Grimsby in a First Division defeat to Swindon Town on 24 April 1998. He would made one further appearance that season in another away defeat, this time to Watford. The following season, Buckley was eased into first-team action by his father, and was a regular presence on the bench during the 1999–00 campaign. During his time with The Mariners Buckley was cast aside by Grimsby supporters as a player who only featured and played professionally because his father was the club's manager.
There may have been truth in that factor as following the departure of his father from his managerial role in September 2000, Buckley junior failed to be included in any of new manager's Lennie Lawrence's teams. With this he would not even make the Grimsby substitute bench during the 2000–01, and to add to this he also struggled to hold down a place in the club's reserve team and in July 2001, his contract with Grimsby was cancelled by mutual consent.
Lincoln City.
In July 2001, Buckley joined his father once again, agreeing a two-year contract with Lincoln City. He made his Football League debut, as a substitute, for Lincoln in the 3–0 home victory over Swansea City on 25 August and was a regular presence in the first-team squad during his first season, making a total of 31 league appearances, 12 of which came from the substitutes bench.
In April 2002, due to financial constraints, Alan Buckley departed Lincoln, and under new manager Keith Alexander chances were rare. Buckley would make only three league appearances, all from the substitutes bench, during the 2002–03 season with a further three appearances in cup competitions. The season did, however, bring Buckley his only goal in his professional career when he netted a free-kick in the 2–1 home defeat to Shrewsbury Town in the Football League Trophy on 12 November 2002. Buckley like at Grimsby also found cast aside by the Lincoln City supporters for only playing a part in first team affairs because his father was the team's manager.
His career at Lincoln ended when he was arrested over allegations of theft from the club's ground in May 2003. In June 2003 he was sentenced to 120 hours of community service after pleading guilty to four counts of theft from his teammates.
Non-League.
Buckley then moved into Non-League football. He had an unsuccessful trial with Ilkeston Town, which was followed by a short spell with Brigg Town. He then joined Harrowby United in March 2004. In October 2005, he signed for Stamford, linking up with his former Harrowby boss Graham Drury. In February 2006, Buckley joined Spalding United on loan, debuting in the defeat to Kidsgrove Athletic on 19 February 2006; the move became permanent in April 2006.
He was released by Spalding in September 2006 and was next heard of at Bourne Town, making his debut in the 4–0 home defeat to St Neots Town on 7 March 2007. After an unsuccessful trial with Boston United in August 2007, Buckley linked up with Spalding United for a second time. Buckley then moved on to play with Lincoln Moorlands Railway in 2008. He made a brief sojourn to Sleaford Town, appearing for the club in a 1–1 friendly draw with Lincoln United on 12 November 2008, before returning to Moorlands. In September 2010, he joined Sleaford Town debuting in the 1–0 United Counties Football League Premier Division home victory over St Ives Town on 11 September 2010.
He moved on to play in the Lincoln Sunday League Premier Division for Welton Sports and joined Nettleham on the saturdays. He then moved back to Lincoln Moorlands Railway for the remainder of the 2011–12 season before joining newly elected Lincolnshire League side Gainsborough Town in August 2012. Buckley failed to make a single appearance for Town and briefly re-joined Moorlands Railway before joining Winterton Rangers in November.
Personal life.
He is the son of former Grimsby Town manager Alan Buckley, he played for his father while at West Bromwich Albion, Grimsby and Lincoln. He is also the nephew of the former Derby County and Lincoln City player, Steve Buckley. His elder brother Simon also had a short stint as a professional footballer and was contracted to Grimsby Town, West Bromwich Albion and Boston United but failed to make an appearance in the Football League.
His career at Lincoln ended when he was arrested over allegations of theft from the club's ground in May 2003. In June 2003 he was sentenced to 120 hours of community service after pleading guilty to four counts of theft from his teammates.

</doc>
<doc id="18331081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331081" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Nancheng">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nancheng

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nancheng (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Nancheng in the Ecclesiastical province of Nanchang in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18331085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331085" title="Isiagu">
Isiagu

The Isiagu, also called Chieftaincy, is a pullover shirt similar to the dashiki that is worn by Igbo people. It is usually worn on special occasions like weddings. The shirt may be long or short sleeved. Some shirts have gold buttons that are linked by a chain. There is usually a breast pocket on the front. Traditionally, the Isiagu was given to a man when he received a chieftaincy title. The shirt is usually worn with a red fez hat or the Igbo leopard cap. The leopard cap is known as "Okpu Agu" in the Igbo language.

</doc>
<doc id="18331098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331098" title="Station Hôtel de Ville (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Hôtel de Ville (Tram de Bordeaux)

The station Hôtel de Ville is situated on lines and of the tramway de Bordeaux. The station serves as a junction for the two lines.
Situation.
The station is at the Place Pey-Berland in Bordeaux. The arrival of the tramway has allowed a total reorganization of this area which is now largely pedestrian.

</doc>
<doc id="18331104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331104" title="Vorwerk (chicken)">
Vorwerk (chicken)

The Vorwerk is a breed of chicken originating in Germany. Though it is unrelated to the German company which produces the Vorwerk vacuum cleaner, it is the only chicken to share its name with a brand of household appliance. A rare fowl, it has distinctive black and gold plumage.
History.
Beginning in 1900, poultry breeder Oskar Vorwerk began to create a medium-sized, utilitarian fowl with the belted plumage pattern of the Lakenvelder. The key difference in appearance would be the Vorwerk's dark golden base color, rather than the white of the Lakenvelder. Thus, his chicken is sometimes incorrectly called the Golden Lakenvelder, especially in North America. The Golden Lakenvelder, a plumage variety, is a separate breed from the Vorwerk. Breeds used to create the Vorwerk included the Lakenvelder, Buff Orpington, Buff Sussex and Andalusian. By 1913, the Vorwerk was standardized. However, it never really gained widespread use, and is rare or non-existent outside Continental Europe. 
Vorwerk bantam.
In 1966, a U.S. man named Wilmar Vorwerk of New Ulm, MN developed an interest in the breed, but it had not been exported to North America. Thus, he created a bantam version from scratch using Lakenvelders, Buff and Blue Wyandottes, Black-tailed Buff and Buff Columbian Rosecombs. European fanciers have also independently miniaturized a bantam Vorwerk. Though the large fowl Vorwerk has never been accepted in the American Poultry Association's Standard of Perfection, the American Bantam Association has recognized the U.S. version of the Vorwerk Bantam.
Characteristics.
Vorwerks are a dual-purpose chicken suitable for both meat and egg production. Standard size males weigh 2.5-3.2 kilos (5.5-7.5 pounds), and females weigh 2-2.5 kilos (4.5-5.5 pounds). However it is very important to note that the European bantam standards are different from the USA standards, which is understandable as they were produced using different breeds. In particular Bantam males in the USA are 765 grams (27 ounces), and females in the USA are 650 grams (23 ounces) but in Europe the breed is heavier at 910 grams for males and 680 grams for females. If you are showing in Europe it is well worth seeking out that standard rather than go by the USA version. Large Vorwerk hens are good layers of cream colored eggs, and will produce approximately 170 in a year. Bantams are also dual-purpose, but (like all bantams) lay smaller eggs and fewer of them. 
Vorwerks are hardy, adaptable birds with economical appetites. In temperament, they are alert and active, but not necessarily flighty. In terms of plumage, their head, neck and tail are solid black, with the rest a buff color. The ideal of breed standards call for no black spotting in the buff areas, but in practicality this is very difficult to breed. Vorwerks sport a single comb, slate grey underfluff, and white earlobes.

</doc>
<doc id="18331114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331114" title="Battle of Kitcheners' Wood">
Battle of Kitcheners' Wood

The Battle of Kitcheners' Wood was fought during World War I during the Second Battle of Ypres. 
Location.
The name of this oak plantation derived from the French name, Bois-de-Cuisinères, where French troops housed their field kitchens, and not in reference as is sometimes thought to the British general officer of the same name. (Thus the name of the feature is "Kitcheners' " with the apostrophe after the "s", indicating the plural possessive.)
Background.
On the night of 22 April 1915, the Germans launched the first poison gas attack of the war on the western front. The object of their attack was the Ypres Salient, and they concentrated their initial attack on two French divisions, the 45th (Algerian) and 79th (Territorial). Attacking in the evening of the 21st, the two French divisions found themselves ill-prepared to cope with the chlorine gas and promptly broke, leaving a gap in the line four miles wide.
The 1st Canadian Division, which had been in France since February, was hastily pulled out of reserve and ordered to seal the line. In particular, a position known as Kitcheners' Wood was ordered reinforced, and two Canadian battalions were selected for the job - which in the event turned out to be a major counter-attack, and the first major offensive operation of Canadian troops in the war.
The battle.
At Kitcheners' Wood, the 10th Battalion, CEF of the 2nd Canadian Brigade was ordered to counter-attack into the gap created by the gas attack; they formed up after 11:00pm on the night of 22 April. The 16th Battalion (Canadian Scottish) of the 3rd Canadian Brigade arrived as they were forming, tasked to support the advance. Both battalions had over 800 men, formed up in waves of two companies each. The order to advance was given at 11:46pm. The leading waves of the 10th Battalion covered half the distance from the start line to the Wood, running into a strong hedge interlaced with wire. No reconnaissance had been done prior and the battalion was forced to break through the obstacle with rifle butts, bringing down fire from German machineguns about 200 yards distant. Both battalions charged the last 200 yards to the wood, threw the Germans out, and suffering more than 75 percent casualties. Small parties of French troops, eager to reclaim the French guns that had been abandoned in the wood, had also participated in the battle.
After the war, Marshal Ferdinand Foch, the Allied Supreme Commander, remarked that the "greatest act of the war" had been the assault on Kitcheners' Wood by the 10th and 16th Battalions.
Aftermath.
The fighting in the Wood continued on for several more days, as German attacks continued to mount along the Salient, even though no clear advantage could be gained. The 1st Division as a whole suffered some 60% casualties before being relieved, and the 10th and 16th Battalions were reduced to less than 20% of their pre-battle strength. The commanding officer of the 10th, Lieutenant Colonel Russ Boyle, had been gravely wounded by machine gun fire in the opening attack on the Wood. He succumbed to his wounds days later. Both battalions needed considerable time and effort to rebuild.
Colonel Garnet Hughes who had directed the ill-planned attack was criticised for his poor leadership.
Honours.
After the war, Second Ypres and St. Julien were granted as battle honours, but to the dismay of the units that fought there, Kitcheners' Wood was not.
The commanding officer of the Canadian Scottish Regiment (Princess Mary's) which perpetuates the 16th Battalion (Canadian Scottish) CEF, organized a lobby to have a dress distinction awarded for the part the 10th and 16th Battalions played at Kitcheners' Wood, which was never recognized with a Battle Honour. In the 1930s a distinctive brass shoulder title was awarded. In the case of the Canadian Scottish, the title consisted of a brass acorn and oak leaf over a red felt backing surrounded by the title CANADIAN SCOTTISH. The Calgary Highlanders and Winnipeg Light Infantry, both of whom perpetuated the 10th Battalion (Canadians) CEF, were also awarded distinctive shoulder badges, though their pattern consisted only of a brass badge with the initials of the regiment directly on the oakleaf. The WLI were absorbed into the Royal Winnipeg Rifles in 1955 and the WLI badge fell out of use. The acorn and oak leaf are symbolic of the heavy oak trees of Kitcheners' Wood which were a significant obstacle to infantrymen in 1915. Photos taken two years later showed that the forest was eventually obliterated during the fighting. Tradition in the Canadian Army has been that metal shoulder badges consist only of letters or numerals, with only a few exceptions. The use of honorary distinctions is common, however, in the British Army, such as the addition of the Sphinx to regimental badges.
Legacy.
The old City Hall in Calgary, Alberta (the city from where about 60% of the original 10th Battalion men were recruited) bears a plaque dedicated to Lieutenant Colonel Russ Boyle and the men of the 10th Battalion who made the charge at Kitcheners' Wood. The Calgary Highlanders, who perpetuate the history and traditions of the 10th Battalion, commemorate the battle annually on the weekend closest to April 22nd. "St. Julien's Day", as it is known, usually involves an all-ranks reunion dinner, an officers' mess function, a freedom of the city parade, and a church service. The Regimental hockey team is known as "The Oakleafs" and a regimental newssheet known as "The Oak Leaf" has been published on and off over the years, in addition to the official newssheet, "The Glen".
In Belgium, the "Vrije Basisschool" (elementary school) of the current day St-Juliaan displays an oak leaf memorial in honour of the event.
The 2008 film "Passchendaele" presents a fictionalized view of a soldier who fought in both the 2nd and 3rd Battle of Ypres, including the Battle of Kitcheners' Wood. The main character is based on 10th Battalion veteran Michael Dunne.

</doc>
<doc id="18331159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331159" title="Epinal American Cemetery and Memorial">
Epinal American Cemetery and Memorial

Epinal American Cemetery and Memorial is a United States military cemetery in Dinozé, France. The site rests on a plateau above the Moselle River in the foothills of the Vosges Mountains. It contains the graves of 5,255 of the United States' military dead, most of whom lost their lives in the campaigns across northeastern France to the Rhine and beyond into Germany during World War II.
History.
The cemetery was established in October 1944 by the 46th Quartermaster Company (Graves Registration Service) of the U.S. Seventh Army as it drove northward from southern France through the Rhône Valley into Germany. The cemetery became the repository for the fatalities in the bitter fighting through the Heasbourg Gap during the winter of 1944–45. 
On May 12, 1958, thirteen caskets draped with American flags were placed side by side at the memorial. Each casket contained the remains of one World War II Unknown American, one from each of the thirteen permanent American military cemeteries in the European Theater of Operations. In a solemn ceremony, General Edward J. O'Neill, Commanding General of the U.S. Army Communication Zone, Europe, selected the Unknown to represent the European Theater. It was flown to Naples, Italy and placed with Unknowns from the Atlantic and Pacific Theaters of Operations aboard the USS "Blandy" for transportation to Washington, D.C. for final selection of the Unknown from World War II. On Memorial Day, 1958, the remains were buried alongside the Unknown from World War I at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery.
Memorial.
The memorial, a rectangular structure with two large bas-relief panels, consists of a chapel, portico, and map room with a mosaic operations map constructed under the direction of the American artist Eugene Savage. On the walls of the Court of Honor, which surround the memorial, are inscribed the names of 424 of the missing. Rosettes mark the names of those since recovered and identified. Stretching northward is a wide, tree-lined mall that separates the two large burial plots. At the northern end of the mall, the circular flagpole plaza forms an overlook affording a view of a wide sweep of the Moselle Valley.
Accessibility.
Epinal American Cemetery is located approximately 4 miles (7 km) southeast of Épinal (Vosges), France, on road D-157, in the village of Dinozé-Le Quéquement. It can be reached by automobile from Paris (231 miles) in about 5 hours via toll autoroute A-4, eastward to the Nancy exit, then highway N-57 or about 4 hours via toll autoroute A-5 to Bulgnéville exit. Avoid the city of Epinal and exit only at Arches-Dinozé. Rail service is available from the Gare de l'Est, Paris via Nancy, where it may be necessary to change trains. The journey by train requires about 3 hours by the French high-speed train (TGV). Hotel accommodations and taxi service can be found in Epinal and vicinity.
The cemetery is open daily to the public from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. except December 25 and January 1. It is open on host country holidays. When the cemetery is open to the public, a staff member is on duty in the Visitor Building to answer questions and escort relatives to grave and memorial sites.

</doc>
<doc id="18331164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331164" title="1968 Australian Championships – Men's Singles">
1968 Australian Championships – Men's Singles

Roy Emerson was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
William Bowrey won in the final 7–5, 2–6, 9–7, 6–4 against Juan Gisbert, Sr..
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated. The joint first seeds received a bye to the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="18331165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331165" title="Klaus-Peter Lesch">
Klaus-Peter Lesch

Klaus-Peter Lesch is a clinical psychiatrist who has been investigating the neurobiological foundation of personality traits.
His 1996 paper
on the association between the 5-HTTLPR polymorphism in the serotonin transporter gene and the personality trait neuroticism has been highly cited and was one of the first papers in personality genetics.
He is professor at the University of Würzburg.
Among his coauthors has been Peter Riederer.

</doc>
<doc id="18331179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331179" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Yujiang">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Yujiang

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yujiang/Yükíang (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Yujiang in the Ecclesiastical province of Nanchang in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18331204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331204" title="Paul Humphrey (Canadian musician)">
Paul Humphrey (Canadian musician)

Paul Humphrey is a Canadian singer/songwriter and musician who plays keyboards and guitar and is best known as the lead singer for the 1980s Canadian new wave band Blue Peter. Humphrey has also been the leader of The Paul Humphrey Band, The Monkey Tree, and Broken Arrow.
Blue Peter.
Blue Peter was founded by Humphrey and Chris Wardman in the late 1970s. Humphrey sang lead, and was known for his low-timbred singing, compared at times to that of David Bowie and Bryan Ferry, as well as his "suave" looks and dancing style. While a member of Blue Peter, he earned the Male Vocalist of the Year award at 1984's CASBY Awards (then known as The U-Knows), held by CFNY radio in Toronto. Currently, Humphrey and Blue Peter still perform shows occasionally, often as part of "retro" events, such as the Juno Awards 40th Anniversary Concert Series held at the Horseshoe Tavern in January 2011.
Solo career.
After stints with The Paul Humphrey Band and Monkey Tree, Humphrey formed Broken Arrow with Blue Peter bass player Ric Joudrey in 1997. Broken Arrow recorded and released two CDs, "Bend" (1997), and "Four Ways to Centre" (2000).
In 2007 Humphrey released a solo album, "A Rumour of Angels", which he recorded with the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra. John Sakamoto selected "People Let You Down" from this album for mention in his Anti-Hit List in 2007, noting that the album's style was a significant departure from Humphrey's musical past. In 2008, Humphrey contributed vocals to "Your Flight Tonight" on ProCon's album "Kingmaker".
Personal.
Humphrey comes from a musical family, and has three brothers who are also professional musicians; actor Mark Humphrey is a drummer, John Humphrey plays bass, and Andy Humphrey is a singer/songwriter/guitarist. Early in his career Humphrey also made acting appearances in a few television series including "" and "Captain Power and the Soldiers of the Future".

</doc>
<doc id="18331219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331219" title="Simon Property Group Headquarters">
Simon Property Group Headquarters

Simon Property Group Headquarters is a high rise in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was completed in 2006 and has 14 floors. It is the corporate headquarters of retail real estate giant Simon Property Group. 

</doc>
<doc id="18331230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331230" title="Hemitheini">
Hemitheini

Though small in absolute diversity of genera, the Hemitheini are nonetheless the largest tribes of geometer moths in the subfamily Geometrinae. Like most Geometrinae, they are small greenish "emerald moths".
In some treatments the Comostolini, Hemistolini, Jodini, Microloxiini, Thalassodini and Thalerini are split off as independent tribes. But they are probably paraphyletic among themselves and with respect to the remaining Hemitheini. Consequently, until more information is available they are included in the Hemitheini here.
In other systems, the Geometrinae are defined in a more inclusive way; the Hemitheini are then ranked as a subtribe Hemitheiti.
Selected genera and species.
A few Geometrinae genera are not yet assigned to a tribe with certainty; some of them might belong here too.

</doc>
<doc id="18331232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331232" title="Palhinha (Jorge Ferreira da Silva)">
Palhinha (Jorge Ferreira da Silva)

Jorge Ferreira da Silva, commonly known as Palhinha, born in Carangola on December 14, 1967, is a retired Brazilian football player.
Clubs career.
Palhinha played for São Paulo in the golden years of 1992 and 1993 alongside star players like Raí, to win the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, Copa Libertadores and Intercontinental Cup in Japan twice. In 1992, he was the top scorer of the Copa Libertadores, with 7 goals.
He also captured the Campeonato Paulista in 1992, against the Palmeiras, and later became the double champions of the Recopa Sudamericana in 1993 and 1994, against Cruzeiro and Botafogo, respectively. Moreover, he helped São Paulo beat Flamengo to triumph in the Supercopa Sudamericana 1993.
In 2001 he helped Alianza Lima, win the Apertura Championchip in its centennial year. This feat was obtained under Brazilian manager Paulo Autuori. 
With Cruzeiro, he again won the Copa Libertadores in 1997.
International career.
During his golden era at São Paulo, Palhinha was selected by the Brazil national football team. He played for his country for 16 times, but was not managed to be selected again since 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18331267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331267" title="Jack E. Jett">
Jack E. Jett

Jack E. Jett is the first openly gay American talk show host.
Early life and career.
Jack E. Jett grew up in Dallas, Texas and moved to Los Angeles at the age of 21. He held various jobs in the entertainment industry while in Los Angeles; among them, he was the Talent Agency Representative for the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (AFTRA). He then went through the Creative Artist training program. 
Through a fluke meeting at The China Club in the early 1980s, Mr. Jett was offered a contract to model for "Cinq Deux Un" ("521"), an agency in Tokyo, Japan. Jett's modeling career lasted for the next eight years. Then known as "Jhett," he became one of the highest paid male models in the world in 1982, with contracts in Milan, Paris, Los Angeles, and Barcelona. Jett also appeared in "Playgirl" that year, in a profile about his career and life in Beverly Hills. He met The Go-Go's lead singer Belinda Carlisle, and they quickly became best friends.
Upon retiring, or being retired from, modeling, Jett began to travel with The Go-Go's, handling various tasks such as press, travel, interview schedules, and luggage handling. During Carlisle's solo career, he worked as her personal assistant.
In 1988, Jett dropped the name Jhett.
Television production.
He was offered the position of U.S. Representative for Prime Television, an Australian broadcast network. He worked as a liaison between the American production companies and the network's executives. Prime was an aggregator of television programming, supplying programming for local stations. Jett developed projects for these stations to produce, in addition to finding new programs from the United States for them to broadcast.
After a few years he grew tired of the long distance travel, and wanted to stay near his home in West Hollywood, California. He accepted a position as a coordinator for the CBS Television City comedy casting department. This position allowed him to find up-and-coming comedy talent in various Equity-waiver theatres and comedy clubs, and arrange meetings between those comedians and various casting executives.
By the time he was 40, Jett had lost 40 friends to the AIDS epidemic. He began volunteer work with the charitable organizations Aid For AIDS, Elizabeth Taylor’s amfAR, and Cable Positive.
"The Jack E. Jett Show".
In early 1990, Jett returned to his native Dallas, Texas. Having been an avid fan of public-access television cable TV in Los Angeles, Jett found a very limited public-access television selection in Dallas. He decided to create a show that featured various oddball characters and freaks of nature. The show became a local cult classic, and soon became available on cable access stations in New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Houston, and Austin.
PrideVision Television in Canada (later renamed OUTtv) offered Jett the chance to move from public-access television to national cable television. He co-produced 65 episodes of "The Jack E. Jett Show" with Chris Rentzel; that show later became one of the first programs on the Q Television Network, the first American television network catering to the LGBT community.
"On Q Live".
When radio DJ Jagger bowed out of a new program on Q Television called "On Q Live," the hosting job was offered to Jett. The show was a four-hour chat fest that included various guests. The show was highly audience-interactive, with viewer call-ins, webcam conversations, and emails. Over 150 episodes were produced. The show was seen five nights a week, and catered exclusively to the gay and lesbian community.
"The Queer Edge".
As someone who preferred his programs to be a little more "on the edge," Jett developed a show that would eventually become the network’s top premiere program. "The Queer Edge with Jack E. Jett" became an instant hit on the network. A quick wit combined with a unique interview style quickly made both Jett and the show a success. Each week a different co-host would join Jett. Co-hosts included Charo, Kim Coles, Butch Patrick ("The Munsters"), and Randy Jones (The Village People).
Jett's regular co-hostess was Jackie Enx. Enx is a transsexual radio personality, who hosted a segment called "Fun with Hypocrisy." Jackie was formerly known as Liam Jason, the drummer for the rock band Rhino Bucket.
A featured co-host was the internationally-famous Sandra Bernhard. Jett and Bernhard hit it off right away, and she signed on to become a regular part of "The Queer Edge". "The Queer Edge with Jack E. Jett and Sandra Bernhard" ran for another 40 episodes, until Q Television folded.
When Q Television began to falter, a new management team was sent in, but the network was never able to recover. As a result, Jett ended up with total ownership of the 145 episodes of "The Queer Edge". Those episodes can now be seen in Canada, New Zealand, Australia, Belgium, Luxembourg, and The Netherlands. The shows can also be seen on TLA Video On Demand, as well as Jett’s own online channel, FUTV in JetTVision, operated in conjunction with World of Wonder.
"The Queer Edge with Jack E. Jett and Sandra Bernhard" was one of the first chat shows picked up by ManiaTV!.
Later work.
In the year of 2001, Jack E. Jett released a DVD through TLA Video entitled "The Gayest Show on Earth". This DVD quickly became a viral cult classic. The DVDs were sent to various college dorms around the world. The DVD quickly sold out and is out of print.
Jett has been involved with "Ring My Bell" for World of Wonder TV. He has been a substitute host for "Cheaters", and hosted a new pilot for Bobby Goldstein Productions, "Love Sick".
The "Dallas Observer" stated that Jett was to host a new program on Dallas radio station KFXR-AM "CNN 1190" starting on January 25, 2010. In the newspaper's blog posting announcing the show, Jett was quoted as saying The next day, station producer J.D. Freeman announced that the show had been cancelled, saying "The guy shows bad judgement, and I wouldn't put him on the air. Any personality who uses that language is not someone we want on the air."
As of May 2010, Jett was co-hosting a show with Rob Lobster on Dallas-area AM station KFCD called "ilume-A-Nation Radio", featuring what Jett called "guilty pleasure yourself songs," once-popular songs now widely disliked.

</doc>
<doc id="18331274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331274" title="Heated shot">
Heated shot

Heated shot is the practice of heating round shot before firing from muzzle-loading cannons, for the purpose of setting fire to enemy warships, buildings, or equipment. The use of hot shot dates back centuries and only ceased when vessels armored with iron replaced wooden warships in the world's navies. It was a powerful weapon against wooden warships, where fire was always a hazard. Its use was mainly confined to shore batteries and forts, due to the need for a special furnace to heat the shot, and their use from a ship was in fact against Royal Navy regulations because they were so dangerous, although the American ship USS "Constitution" had a shot furnace installed, for hot shot to be fired from her carronades. The French "Romaine"-class frigates originally also featured the device, but they proved impractical, dangerous to the ships themselves, and were later discarded.
History.
The idea of setting fire to enemy warships can be traced back to the ancient world, where fire arrows and early incendiary materials such as Greek Fire were used. In 54 BC heated clay balls were used by the Britons to attack Roman encampments, while in medieval siege warfare, catapults were used to hurl fire balls and other incendiaries into besieged castles and settlements.
Operation.
Hot shot furnaces.
The original method of heating round shot was to cover them in the coals of a large wood fire, or heat them on metal grates placed over a fire pit. These time-consuming methods were improved on by the French, who used specially constructed furnaces to heat shot in their artillery batteries at the mouth of the Rhône River in 1794. The United States incorporated hot-shot furnaces into the design of coastal fortifications during the construction of the Second System of seacoast defenses just prior to the War of 1812. Colonel Jonathan Williams left his post as Commandant at the US Military Academy to build hot-shot furnace fortifications such as Castle Clinton and Castle Williams in New York Harbor during this period. When French engineer General Simon Bernard came to the US in 1816 to head the Board of Fortifications, for the construction of permanent forts to defend the US coastline, he introduced the idea of hot shot furnaces of the French pattern. The chain of US seacoast forts built between 1817 and the American Civil War, such as Fort Macon, subsequently had one or more hot shot furnaces included as part of their standard defenses.
A hot shot furnace was typically a free-standing brick structure with special iron racks and grates, varying in size according to the number of round shot they were to heat and the number of cannon they served. They were commonly 6 - wide, and anything from 8 to over in length. A brick chimney was situated at one end with a firebox located in the front or side of the opposite end. The interior of the furnace was lined with fire brick and had sloping iron rails sized to hold round shot. Cold round shots were placed in the furnace and allowed to roll down the inclined rails in rows. The first shots halted over the firebox at the low end and were heated "cherry red". When they were removed, the next shots rolled down to take their place and be similarly heated. A large furnace might hold 60 or more round shot. 
Three men were required to manage a furnace. One maintained the fire and added cold shot, a second man removed heated shot from the furnace, and the third man cleaned them. Special tools were required to handle heated shot: an iron fork was used to remove heated shot from the furnace, then the shot was placed on a stand and cleaned by rubbing off any loose surface scales with a rasp. A pair of tongs with circular jaws were used to pick up and handle the shot at the furnace. To carry the shot to the cannons, hot shot ladles were used. The ladles had an iron cup for the shot with one or three handles. Round shot less than weight size could be carried by one man with a single-handle ladle, while larger shot needed a three-handle ladle, carried between two men like a stretcher.
Loading.
Great care had to be taken loading heated shot into a cannon to ensure that the red-hot shot did not prematurely ignite the cannon's charge of gunpowder.
A cartridge bag of gunpowder was loaded first. A double bag was used with heated shot to prevent leakage of grains of gunpowder as the bag was rammed down the cannon. Once the bag was in place, a wad of moistened clay or cloth was rammed down against the bag to shield it from the heated shot, which was loaded next. If the cannon was to be fired at a downward angle, another wet wad was rammed down against the ball to secure it against rolling out. 
A common practice with heated shot was to fire it with a reduced charge of gunpowder; this would cause the shot to lodge in the wood of the target ship rather than penetrating it, and also cause greater splitting and splintering of the wood.

</doc>
<doc id="18331289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331289" title="National Brewery Centre">
National Brewery Centre

The National Brewery Centre (formerly the "Bass Museum" and later the "Coors Visitor Center") is a museum and tourist attraction in Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire, England. The centre celebrates the brewing heritage of Burton and features exhibits showcasing the history of brewing techniques. The centre also houses a bar and cafe, a history of the town, a collection of historic vehicles, a micro brewery and a shire horse collection.
Closure and reopening.
On 18 March 2008 owner, Coors announced that it was to close the Visitor Centre which the company was subsidising to the tune of £1 million a year. The museum closed on 30 June 2008 but the attractions were mothballed in the hope that the museum could be reopened at a later date. A steering group was established to investigate reopening the museum. The museum reopened as the National Brewery Centre on 1 May 2010 and was officially reopened by The Princess Royal on 21 September 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18331292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331292" title="St. Bees School">
St. Bees School

St. Bees School is a co-educational independent school in the West Cumbrian village of St Bees. Founded in 1583 by the then Archbishop of Canterbury Edmund Grindal as a boys' "free grammar school", today it is a member of the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference with around 300 pupils aged 4 to 18, and has been coeducational since 1978. It accommodates both day pupils and boarders, who live in five boarding houses located on the school grounds and in the village, although each day pupil is also a member of a house. The current headmaster is James Davies, the incumbent since September 2012.
The school has a long and varied history, which has been characterised by periods of prosperity interspersed with periods of difficulty. Although the school had a difficult start due to the Queen initially refusing to sign the letters patent establishing the school, it eventually began to grow, partially due to its ownership of the mineral rights to surrounding land. However, despite selling the mining rights for much less than they were worth and taking part in a resulting legal tussle which lasted for the latter half of the 18th century, the school expanded rapidly throughout the 19th century, building much of the campus as seen today. The school did, however, have to be rescued by former members of the school in 1938 due to a financial crisis caused by a sudden drop in pupil numbers. 
Today approximately one third of the pupils are boarders, many from China and Eastern Europe. Although many boarders are members of the main school, the school has a dedicated "International Centre", where pupils are intensively tutored to improve their English to a level where they may join the main school, frequently entering the sixth form after having spent one year in the centre and passing an ESOL exam. The school only catered for pupils from ages 11–18 until September 2008, when a Preparatory Department was launched to cater for pupils from 8 upwards. The school again expanded in September 2010 to include pupils from age 4.
History.
The school was founded in 1583 by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Edmund Grindal, who was born in the village of St Bees. Having fallen out with Queen Elizabeth I, and although ill and blind, he refused to resign his position until the Queen signed the letters patent which would create the Free Grammar School at St Bees. The school was founded in 1583; a few years after Grindal's death. Thanks to his making an agreement with The Queen's College, Oxford and his purchase of local tithes, the school was both financially and academically able to prosper.
Although specifically incorporated for the education of boys from Cumberland and Westmorland, as early as 1604 people from outside Cumbria were being educated at St. Bees in the original schoolroom (now one of the school dining rooms) near the Priory Church. The school slowly expanded, despite one Headmaster who worked his pupils like labourers. The school had enjoyed some financial security for many years, lessened in 1742 when the school sold Sir James Lowther an eight hundred and sixty-seven year mineral lease for much less than market value. 
In the nineteenth century the school started to look like it is now. Thanks to a resolution of the mineral rights issue being obtained through the Court of Chancery in 1842, the school was able to physically expand, with what is now the "Quadrangle" being built, Grindal House (formerly a hotel) purchased and the Headmaster's Residence being constructed. At the turn of the twentieth century the School Chapel was built, along with what is now the Art Department and the School Library, and the swimming baths. By the outbreak of the First World War the school had reached a peak of three hundred pupils, a figure which would not be seen again for some years.
During the Great War three old boys of the school were awarded the Victoria Cross, the highest award for military gallantry in Britain and many of the British Commonwealth countries (see St. Bees V.C. winners for more details. Old boy Alfred Critchley became one of the youngest Brigadier-Generals in the British Empire at the age of twenty-seven for his heroic conduct (he was older than Roland Boys Bradford, V.C. but younger than Bernard Freyberg, V.C.). One hundred and eighty old boys gave their lives during the war, and a special memorial was built overlooking the sports fields where so many had previously played.
After the war the number of students remained high, but in common with many other schools the numbers decreased and then went into free-fall during the 1930s. The situation became so critical that the Governors of the School attempted to have the school nationalised. In the end, the old boys put together a rescue package and the school remained independent, it being the only one of its kind at the time in Cumberland and Westmorland.
In 1938, during the final stages of recovery from the Great Depression, the school's headmaster of the day, George Mallaby, made an unusual career move by becoming District Commissioner for the special area of west Cumberland, with the task of alleviating the problems of unemployment.
During the Second World War the school had Mill Hill School join it in St. Bees after the latter's buildings in London were occupied by the government. The two schools remained independently run, however, sports teams from each school would frequently play each other. The cadet corps of the two schools combined to help form the St. Bees Home Guard, resulting in the group being better equipped than many other Home Guard groups, given that the cadets already had the necessary equipment. 
Seventy-two old boys gave their lives during the conflict, and after the victory a Memorial Hall was erected in their honour. During the 1950s a new science block was built, and in 1970 the school became coeducational. New boarding houses were purchased for both girls and boys, Bega and Abbot's Court respectively, and to celebrate the school's quatercentenary in 1983 an appeal was launched which would give the school a new sports hall, opened in 1988.
The 1990s saw the opening by Prince Charles of the Whitelaw Building, a multi-function business centre and teaching area which was named after the-then Chairman of the Board of Governors, William Whitelaw. In 2000, Barony, the music centre was entirely refurbished and reopened and renamed the Fox Music Centre in memory of old boy Bill Fox. To mark the millennium, a time capsule was buried in the North-East corner of the Quadrangle.
In September 2008, a Preparatory Department was launched, catering for pupils from the age of 8 until they joined the main school. At this time, a nearby independent school with a prep department, Harecroft Hall, had just closed. The school again expanded in September 2010 to include pupils from age 4.
Grounds and buildings.
The school grounds occupy some which is a good portion of the village of St Bees, and the oldest buildings date from the late 16th century. The original schoolroom is today used as one of the dining rooms, and it is surrounded by the 'Foundation' block, which was mainly built during the mid part of the 19th century. As one moves North East along the valley, the buildings generally get progressively newer, ending with the Science Block and the Management Centre. Most of the buildings are either built with or faced by the distinctive red sandstone which is characteristic of the buildings at the school. School House is located on the main site, but the other boarding houses are all located across the railway tracks to the South - Grindal in a large former hotel, while the other three houses occupy the whole of Londsdale Terrace, a row of houses owned by the school. The school also owns a building just across the road from the main school, which is occupied by the Music Department. The Priory Church is used by the school for many services throughout the year, as the Vicar of the church is always also the school Chaplain. 
The buildings around the main quadrangle in the Foundation block are a grade II listed building, granting them additional protections under English law. This includes the original schoolroom on the lower north side of the quad. Lonsdale Terrace is another grade II listed building owned by the school, also built in the mid 19th century. The school does not own, but has use of the former chancel of the Priory Church, which is a grade I listed building, granting additional protection above grade II. The school uses this room for orchestra and choir practices.
Sports facilities.
There are four rugby pitches and two hockey pitches, as well as a multi-purpose hardcourt (which can be used for netball, basketball and tennis) and three tennis courts. The "1sts" rugby pitch (so named for where the 1st XV play) is converted into a cricket pitch( named "Crease") during the summer, and is surrounded by a running track during the athletics season. There are also two outdoor cricket nets, a runway and sand-pit for triple jump and long jump as well as a concrete circle for throwing events. The school owns the local 9-hole golf course, though it is managed by the club and its members, and there is a golf studio located behind School House.
For indoor events there is an early Edwardian gym with a swimming pool, as well as covered Eton Fives courts. A large sports hall built in 1988 to celebrate the school's four hundredth anniversary provides changing facilities, as well as containing a climbing wall, numerous basketball hoops, two large indoor cricket nets and markings for many different games. Adjoining it is a converted barn with two squash courts and a weights gym.
School structure.
The lower half of the school consists of the "1st Form" to the "4th Form", corresponding to years 7-10 in the English state school system and to ages roughly 11-14. The senior half of the school is made up of the 5th Form, the Lower 6th and the Upper 6th - years 11-13 and ages 15–18. However, since the establishment of the Preparatory Department, the school caters for pupils from age 4-11, which corresponds to primary school in the British school system. While a large proportion of pupils enter the school at age 11 (or year 3, age 7), many enter in the 4th form, which marks the start of GCSE study, or the Lower 6th, the start of A-Level study. After GCSE study, when a pupil moves from the lower school to the senior school at the start of 5th Form, they become members of a different house.
The school is run by a Headmaster/Headmistress appointed by the Board of Governors, which is presided over by a chairman elected by the body of governors. Each year, School Prefects are chosen, along with a Head Boy and a Head Girl, all of whom are members of the Upper 6th. Lower 6th Pupils apply for these positions in the summer term, after the Upper 6th( and current prefect team) has left - the Headmaster and senior staff select pupils of good character and academic achievement who will act as an example to younger pupils and enforce discipline.
Exams.
The school follows an internal curriculum for the first three years, followed by two years of GCSE study, and two years of A-Level study. Some pupils in the International Centre sit IGCSE examinations.
1st to 4th-form pupils each sit two sets of internal exams per year in every subject studied, near the end of the Christmas and Summer Terms. Pupils sitting GCSE exams are subject to a full set of mock exams in the January before the actual examinations, although some GCSE modules in subjects such as science are now being sat as early as the 3rd Form. During the Sixth Form, only A2 modules are taken in January, as the school has a policy of sitting all AS examinations in the summer. The only exception is for students resitting AS modules.
Fees.
Fees per term for the 2011/12 academic year are:
There are a variety of Bursaries and Scholarships available. Bursaries can be awarded up to 100% of the value of the school fees, and academic scholarships are available subject to outstanding performance in the entrance exam. Awards can also be made if a pupil is an exceptional musician, sportsman or artist.
Preparatory department.
St. Bees preparatory department opened in September 2008 to meet a demand for private education for 8-11-year-old children in the area. This was partially caused by the closure of the nearby Harecroft Hall school, which had a prep department. The department was extended in September 2010 to cater for pupils from 4-11.
Although the children have access to and use of many of the senior school facilities, the preparatory department runs as a separate unit with its own staff and resources. Class sizes are kept smaller than 15 pupils (the legal limit in England is 30 as of early 2012.)
All the facilities on site are available for use by the preparatory department. These include the science labs, computer suites, art studios and sports facilities. Specialist staff from the senior school also teach some lessons in the preparatory department. The science, languages, history, Latin, P.E, and Food Technology senior departments have all prepared and taught courses for the preparatory department.
A range of assessments are used in the preparatory department. There are ongoing informal teacher assessments to ascertain the standard of a pupil's work in a particular curriculum area. Formal assessments include weekly spelling, tables and mental maths tests in literacy (English), numeracy (maths) and science and end-of-year QCA tests, including Key Stage 2 SATs. Year 6 pupils also sit the 1st-form entrance exam to the senior school in the Easter term of Year 6.
Houses.
There are two junior and three senior houses at St. Bees School. They serve as institutions for students to take pride in (for all pupils) and each also serves as a boarding house. The houses are shown in the table to the right.
Pupils are grouped in the junior houses from the 1st to 4th forms, and from 5th to Upper 6th are grouped in the senior( there are two senior boys houses to cope with numbers: selection is essentially random.) Each house is run by a resident Housemaster/Housemistress who is also a teacher at the school. The three senior houses each have an Upper 6th pupil who serves as the "Head of House", and is usually also a Prefect. Day pupils can retire to the house during lunchtime and after classes, while after the evening meal (held in the main school dining room) all boarders must report back to their respective houses. 
To encourage intra-school competition in sport (until quite recently there had been only four houses) all pupils when they enter the school are designated as either "North" or "South" (colours Blue and Green respectively) and are expected to compete accordingly. The annual "Sports Day" is won by either North or South in the lower part of the school, however for the senior sports day, competition is between each of the three senior years. There is, however, a separate competition between the two senior boys houses for the annual "House Cup", which consists of various sports fixtures throughout the year.
When mentioning a past pupil of the school, it is usual to write their name and then the initial of their senior house and years they were at St Bees; e.g. GH 97-04, indicating someone who entered the school in 1997 and joined Grindal House.
Curriculum.
For the first three years of the main school( Forms 1-3), pupils follow an internally developed and assessed curriculum. They then spend two years studying for GCSE qualifications, and then two years in the Sixth Form studying for A-Levels. Pupils in the International Centre study for some IGCSE examinations, as well as taking the appropriate ESOL qualifications to enable them to transfer into the main school, usually for Sixth Form study. Throughout the school, Religious Studies, PSE ( Personal and Social Education) and Games sessions are compulsory, except in the Sixth Form, where Religious Studies is no longer taught. 
During GCSE study, most pupils take 10 or 11 exam subjects, including compulsory lessons in English, English Literature, Maths, separate sciences, French, and non examined classes in PSE and Religious Studies. Each pupil is also given a choice of 3 options from a range of subjects including Geography, History, Art, Music and others. 
All pupils learn Latin for at least the first two years, and can study Latin all the way up to A-Level - which was an unusual feature in British schools as a whole before the recent upsurge in teaching of Latin. As well as the more traditional academic subjects, the school uses its position near to the Lake District to run Adventurous Training sessions on a rota system for the 1st and 2nd Forms, as well as during Senior Games.
In the Sixth Form, pupils must still participate in Games and take a General Studies AS or optionally full A-Level, but otherwise have a free choice of subjects - pupils usually pick four AS-Levels in the Lower 6th. Most pupils then drop one of their subjects going into the Upper 6th, to take 3 A-Levels at the end of their time at the school.
Sports and activities.
The school is very sports-orientated, with two two-hour compulsory sports sessions a week, known universally as "games". The juniors and the seniors have their games sessions at different times so as to not totally disrupt the teaching schedule. For the first four years a physical education session is also compulsory, with weekly lesson-long sessions.
For boys Rugby Union is the main winter sport and almost every boy plays it at one time or the other until he reaches the sixth form. In 1986 St. Bees won the National Schools Sevens tournament. Participation in rugby matches against other schools is expected. During the summer Cricket takes over, but less emphasis on participation is exacted and pupils are allowed to branch out to other sports activities.
For sixth form boys there is the option of joining one of the senior Rugby teams (1sts or 2nds) or participating in numerous sports-based activities such as jogging, badminton, squash, athletics, archery or weight training. These sessions are known as 'Options' sessions. 
For girls the emphasis on teams is similar; active participation in field hockey and in summer tennis. Girls are also allowed to mix with the boys on most sports and activities in the Options programme.
Activities.
After lessons finish for the day there is a program of 'Activities' pupils can sign up for, which is compulsory for the 1st - 5th forms. Sports training, choir, orchestra and drama practices plus other extra-curricular activities happen at this time. Although there are no lessons, pupils are required to stay in school until the end of Activities, which is at 5pm, except on Fridays, where there are no Activities and the school day ends at 3:55pm. The CCF also trains in the activities slot, on Thursdays. 
Extracurricular activities such as meetings of the school council and charity committee, along with additional rehearsals and music groups, also happen at lunchtime. There are a number of 'Field Days' throughout the year, on which the timetable is suspended and extracurricular activities take over for a day. The lower forms frequently go on walks or other Outdoor Pursuits in the Lake District nearby, while the sixth form takes part in various activities at school which do not form part of the regular curriculum. Members of the CCF also train on these days.
CCF.
Every Thursday afternoon, in the Activities period, the Combined Cadet Force (CCF) musters for its weekly training. There are both an army section (usually the larger) and a Royal Air Force section currently operating. Participation is compulsory in the 3rd and 4th Forms. After this point service is no longer compulsory but many cadets remain, becoming instructors and NCOs themselves. The officers of the CCF are partly teachers who are commissioned into the reserve of officers of their respective service, and partly former service personnel who assist in training. The contingent is large enough to warrant a Lieutenant-Colonel in command, currently Lieutenant-Colonel J.D Evans, with the RAF section under the command of Flight Lieutenant A. Campion, RAFVR. Pupils are taught basic military drill, tactics and weapons handling as well as more non-military skills such as navigation and first aid.
At one time, all cadets must have attended at least one Annual Camp, a week long period at the end of the Summer Term spent at an army base where cadets are involved in many military and adventure-training activities. However, since this is now charged to each individual cadet, it is an optional, yet still popular, choice. The cadets also take part in an annual inspection of the contingent at the school.
The contingent guides cadets through The Duke of Edinburgh's Award at all levels and the BTEC National Diplomas in Uniformed Services and Music (BTEC awards are optional and separate from the main academic curriculum at the school.)
The contingent, together with other local cadet forces, was awarded the freedom of the Borough of Copeland on Armistice Day 2010 to mark the 150th anniversary of the cadet forces. The school also hosts a military skills competition,'Bega Banga', each year for other CCF contingents in the region.
Speech Day.
The final event of the school year is the "Speech Day", which was traditionally held on the Saturday following the final day of the Summer Term. Traditionally, in the morning there was a church service in the Priory Church of St Bees, followed by luncheon in a marquee. In the afternoon the Prize-giving took place, with the prizes distributed by a notable figure from public life. Of note, prizes have been given by the politician the Lord Lloyd, Oliver Stanley, noted mountaineer, Sir Chris Bonington and Lord Jones, former Director-General of the Confederation of British Industry, and Lord Inglewood.
Recently, in order to accommodate the pupils from the Far East who had to leave before the end of term in order to fly home, Speech Day was moved from the end of the Summer Term to the middle of the term, therefore allowing many more of the pupils the chance to experience the event. The structure of the day was also changed, moving the prize-giving ceremony to 11am ( directly following the priory service), and having lunch after this. This allowed the day to finish sooner, and those that did not want to have lunch could leave after the prize-giving ceremony.
Old St. Beghians.
Former pupils of St. Bees School are styled Old St. Beghians. An "Old St. Beghians' Club" was founded in 1908 by master J.W. Aldous, and today as the Old St. Beghians' Society it provides a link between old boys (and girls) and the school. Amongst other things it organises an "Old St Beghians Day" at the school once a year, publishes a magazine called the "Old St. Beghian" twice a year( now additionally published online) and holds and participates in many golfing tournaments. There are several regional branches of the society which traditionally hold annual meals and reunions.
Notable Old St. Beghains include men and women in various professions, including three Victoria Cross recipients, military officers, clergymen and politicians and, perhaps the best known old boy, actor Rowan Atkinson

</doc>
<doc id="18331296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331296" title="Milliwatt test">
Milliwatt test

A Milliwatt test (Milliwatt line) is a test method or test facility used in telecommunications to measure line quality and transmission loss between stations or points in an analog telephone system.
The test consists of transmitting an analog sinusoidal signal at the frequency of 1004 Hz with the power level of 0 (zero) dBm. By definition, this is the equivalent of a continuous power dissipation of 1 mW (milliWatt), i.e., the power consumed if a voltage of 0.775 V(RMS) is applied to a telephone line with 600 Ohm nominal impedance.
In the Bell System, central offices provided this type of service on a dedicated telephone number (102 type Milliwatt line) for remote subscriber line testing. In conjunction, a second line (type 100 line) provided quiet termination (cf. loop around). Various types of test lines were called "100", "102", "104" etc. because these numbers accessed the test line in tandem offices in lieu of an area code.
In digital central office installations, the Milliwatt test facility was implemented using a synthesized version of the 1004 Hz signal, see digital milliwatt.

</doc>
<doc id="18331329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331329" title="The Primal Call">
The Primal Call

The Primal Call is a 1911 American short silent romance film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring Wilfred Lucas and featuring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18331357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331357" title="Kerry Dineen">
Kerry Dineen

Kerry Michael Dineen (born July 1, 1952 in Englewood, New Jersey) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played parts of three seasons in the majors, two for the Yankees and one for the Phillies, but never appeared in more than seven games. Dineen is the first cousin of fellow former major leaguer Ken Henderson.
Dineen attended the University of San Diego, where he played college baseball for the Toreros from 1971-1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18331370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331370" title="Steve Rexe">
Steve Rexe

Stephen Glen Rexe (February 26, 1947-November 12, 2013) was a former hockey goaltender, the first ever draft pick of the NHL Pittsburgh Penguins and second overall pick in the 1967 NHL Amateur Draft.
Biography.
Rexe played junior hockey with the famed Ontario Major Junior A, Peterborough Petes. In 1967, Rexe was offered an NHL services contract by Penguins GM, Jack Riley at $7,500 for one season with a $7,500 signing bonus. Rather than sign with Pittsburgh, Rexe chose to join the Canadian national hockey team as an amateur where he competed internationally for Canada. At the 1968 Winter Olympics Rexe backed up Wayne Stephenson on the way to a Canadian Bronze Medal. Canada withdrew from official IIHF events in 1970 and the national team programme was suspended after they were refused permission to use semi-professional players at the world championship. Rexe would spend the rest of his hockey career playing in minor hockey leagues without ever appearing in an NHL game.
Steve Rexe played for the Canadian national team, primarily as a second and third string goaletnder. He would go on to play with the Ottawa Nationals, Belleville Mohawks, Belleville Quintes of the OHA Senior League, Greensboro Generals of the EHL, the AHL,Springfield Kings where he back-stopped the Kings to a Calder Cup title in 1975, the Springfield Indians also of the AHL, Napanee Comets and Lindsay Lancers of the OHA Sr. League, Binghamton Dusters of the NAHL. He owned and coached the QJHL Whitby Lawmen in the 1984–1985 season.
Today.
Rexe resided in Belleville, Ontario with his wife Maureen and their four children. After hockey, Rexe worked in the import / export automobile industry. He died peacefully at his home in Belleville on Tuesday, November 12, 2013. He was 66.
In an interview with an Ottawa Sun reporter in April 2008, Rexe stated that he considered it an honour to have been the first ever pick of the Pittsburgh Penguins and would have been delighted if the Pens would have invited him to Pittsburgh to drop the first puck when they open their new arena.

</doc>
<doc id="18331372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331372" title="Dreams that Glitter – Our Story">
Dreams that Glitter – Our Story

Dreams That Glitter - Our Story is the autobiography of British pop group Girls Aloud, which was published in October 2008. The book was written with a ghostwriter and published by the Transworld imprint Bantam Press.
The autobiography was announced through Girls Aloud's official website on April 8, 2008."Dreams That Glitter" features unseen photographs. The 256-page book also includes an insight into their personal lives, their success with Girls Aloud, style tips, and "everything we've learned about life, love and music."
The title "Dreams That Glitter" is a line from their 2007 single "Call the Shots". The book became a best seller, and as of June 2009, had been released in paperback format. Girls Aloud held a book signing at Waterstones in Piccadilly, London on 9 October.

</doc>
<doc id="18331374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331374" title="Lake of the Woods (Wyoming)">
Lake of the Woods (Wyoming)

Lake of the Woods is a mountain lake in Wyoming, located upstream from Grassy Lake along the Ashton-Flagg Ranch road. It lies in Targhee National Forest, between the southern border of Yellowstone National Park and the northern border of Grand Teton National Park. Primary access is from Ashton, Idaho, or Flagg Ranch, Wyoming, in the John D. Rockefeller, Jr. Memorial Parkway.
Camp Loll, a Boy Scouts of America camp,is located on the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="18331395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331395" title="Little River (California)">
Little River (California)

Little River (California) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18331417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331417" title="Lisbeth Scott">
Lisbeth Scott

Lisbeth Scott is a vocalist/songwriter who was featured on the soundtracks for the films "The Big Wedding" (co-wrote "Wonderful Life" with Nathan Barr), ', ' and "Munich". In addition she is featured in "Iron Man2", Disney's "Wings of Life", "Avatar", "Spiderman" and many more. She co-wrote and performed the songs "Where", and "One Breath" for Narnia. She also co-wrote and performed "Good To Me" in the movie" Shutter", "Edge of Heaven" with Joel Douek for the film "The Wildest Dream", "Real Love" (for Macy Grey) for the film "Domino" (with Harry Gregson Williams) and countless others. Her songs and vocals have been featured in literally hundreds of Hollywood blockbusters, many of them Oscar and Grammy winners and nominees. She is of Armenian origin.
Scott presented selections from her first musical, "More Alive Than Dead", in Santa Monica, California in 2011 at Highways performance space. She is currently contracted as co-composer and lyricist for two Broadway musical productions.
In 2012 Scott scored the feature film "Caroline & Jackie" by director Adam Christian Clark,
and co-composed with Matthias Weber "Shouting Secrets" by director Korinna Sehringer. She composed the score to Louis Schwartzberg's short film "Origins", as well as the feature film "urFrenz" by writer/director Jeff Phillips. She is slated to begin work on the feature film "Love Thy Nature" by director Sylvie Rokab in July 2013.
For Mel Gibson's 2004 film "The Passion of the Christ", she contributed to John Debney's score by writing and singing lyrics in Aramaic, based on Psalms and other biblical material.
In addition to this, Scott also provided the vocals for the ending theme of "", "Here's To You", which is a cover of the song of the same name that appeared in the 1971 film "Sacco e Vanzetti". She is also featured on the games "Journey" which was nominated for a Grammy, and "Lair".
She collaborates with John Williams, Danny Elfman, John Debney, Hans Zimmer, Harry Gregson-Williams, Brian Tyler, James Horner, Nathan Barr, Rob Duncan, Snuffy Walden, and Paul Schwartz and has been a featured vocalist on 4 of Schwartz's releases which spent 10 weeks in Billboard's top ten.
She also co-wrote and performed a song used in HBO's "True Blood" entitled "Take Me Home" featuring composer Nathan Barr on cello. In 2010, she wrote lyrics for "Iron Man 2"'s film music, scored by John Debney.
Lisbeth is one of several featured lead vocalists on two Globus albums, "Epicon" and "Break From This World".

</doc>
<doc id="18331437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331437" title="Charlie Beamon">
Charlie Beamon

Charles Alfonzo Beamon (born December 25, 1934) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Baltimore Orioles from to . He made his major league debut on September 26, 1956, pitching a complete game shutout against the New York Yankees.
Besides, he played from 1953 through 1961 for eight different teams in nine Minor league seasons, going 89-69 with a 3.76 earned run average in 226 pitching appearances.
Beamon also pitched for the Leones del Caracas of the Venezuelan Winter League in the 1957–1958 season. He posted a 9-6 record with 55 strikeouts and a 2.49 ERA in 130.0 innings, leading the league in ERA, while tying with Magallanes' Ramón Monzant for the most wins.
He is the father of Charlie Beamon, Jr., a former major league first baseman who played for the Seattle Mariners and Toronto Blue Jays.

</doc>
<doc id="18331475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331475" title="For a Few Extra Dollars">
For a Few Extra Dollars

For a Few Extra Dollars, aka Fort Yuma Gold and Die Now, Pay Later (in original Italian: Per pochi dollari ancora), is a 1966 Italian Spaghetti Western war film directed by Giorgio Ferroni. Its stars Giuliano Gemma, Dan Vadis and Sophie Daumier. The film is set at Fort Yuma in Arizona and is also known as Fort Yuma Gold.
Plot.
The film related the story of Southerner Major Sanders (Jacques Sernas), who continues fighting the North after the conclusion of the American Civil War. Former Rebel Gary Diamond (Giuliano Gemma), now a guide, leads a pair of Union soldiers to obstruct Sanders before he can pull off a raid on Fort Yuma. However the others are unaware that Diamond knows that one of the Union officers is actually Sanders' spy. More complications ensue, pairing Diamond with the aptly named saloon-girl Connie Breastful (Sophie Daumier). Later Diamond is found to be a traitor and is tortured severely before Sanders' plot is foiled.
The Leone connection.
While the film is not a part of Sergio Leone's Dollars trilogy despite the name similarity, the film seems strongly to have been inspired by that series, for several of the film's actors, including José Calvo, Antonio Molino Rojo and Benito Stefanelli, had appeared in Leone's films. Stefanelli in particular had starred in all three of Leone's dollars films and had acted as a translator on set between the Italians and Clint Eastwood. Dan Vadis - who plays a major role as Riggs in this film - would go on to appear in Clint Eastwood's "High Plains Drifter" in 1973.
Gianni Ferrio collaborated with Leone's score composer Ennio Morricone to produce the score. The soundtrack combines many the sounds from "The Good the Bad and the Ugly". Following the barn scene in which several men are killed, the emphatic Latin trumpets and Spanish guitar play together in one track, seeming to combine two familiar soundtracks from the other film together as one.
On release in the United States, several of the cast members and production team had their names changed for the English audience.
Releases.
Wild East released the film in the United States on a limited edition R0 NTSC with the title "Fort Yuma Gold" (see left). It is now out-of-print.

</doc>
<doc id="18331478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331478" title="Kraienköppe">
Kraienköppe

The Kraienköppe (singular: Kraienkopp), also called the Twentse, is a breed of chicken originating on the border region between Germany and the Netherlands. The latter of the two names is the Dutch language version, while the former is German. Kraienköppe appear in two color varieties: Black-breasted Red and Silver. Males weigh 2.75 kilos (6 pounds), and females weigh 1.8 kilos (4 pounds). They have yellow skin and a small walnut-type comb.
The Kraienköppe breed was developed from crosses of Leghorns and Malays. It is rare today, and is best known as a layer and a show bird. Hens lay a fair number of off-white eggs, and will go broody. Kraienkoppes are active fowl with excellent foraging abilities.
The black breasted red and silver Kraienköppe upon being brought to America has enjoyed widespread acclimation on American farms and ranches due to the thriftiness and hardiness of this breed.

</doc>
<doc id="18331486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331486" title="HMS Castor (1832)">
HMS Castor (1832)

HMS "Castor" was a 36-gun fifth rate frigate of the Royal Navy.
"Castor" was built at Chatham Dockyard and launched on 2 May 1832. She was one of a two ship class of frigates, built to an 1828 design by Sir Robert Seppings, and derived from the earlier "Stag" class. The "Castor" class had a further of beam to mount the heavier ordnance. "Castor" cost a total of £38,292, to be fitted for sea.
Her first captain was Lord John Hay, and by September 1832 "Castor" was at Lisbon. She spent a period of time in the Mediterranean, before being decommissioned at Chatham in 1842. She spent periods in the East Indies and the Cape of Good Hope, with further periods laid up at Chatham. She came to the assistance of HM Troopship "Birkenhead", when the "Birkenhead" was wrecked on 26 February 1852.
She was used as a training ship from January 1860, and was a Royal Naval Reserve training ship at North Shields from April 1862, having been reduced to 22 guns. She was sold at Sheerness on 25 August 1902 for breaking up at Castle & Sons breakers yard in Woolwich.

</doc>
<doc id="18331513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331513" title="United States Army beef scandal">
United States Army beef scandal

The United States Army beef scandal was a political scandal caused by the widespread issuance of extremely low-quality, heavily adulterated beef products to US soldiers fighting in the Spanish-American War. 
The contract for the meat was arranged hurriedly and at the lowest-possible price by Secretary of War Russell A. Alger from the Chicago "big three" meatpacking corporations, Morris & Co, Swift & Co, and Armour & Co. In the atmosphere of pre-regulation-era Chicago, the companies took advantage of Alger's inattention and favorable attitude to the industry (as well as the Army's immediate need for large amounts of cheap beef to provision the expeditionary forces) by further cutting corners and reducing quality on the (already heavily adulterated) product they shipped for the US contract. 
As a result, most of the meat arriving in Cuba was found to be so poorly preserved, chemically adulterated and/or spoiled that it was toxic and dangerous to consume. The meat caused an unrecorded number of illnesses and death from dysentery and food poisoning, having an especially deadly effect on the thousands already weakened by the epidemics of malaria and yellow fever which were ravaging the unprotected American troops and would eventually kill twice as many men as the bullets of the Spanish. Since yellow fever frequently causes symptoms similar to bacterial food poisoning (fever, vomiting, severe and/or bloody diarrhea), little connection was made at the time between illness and consumption of the Chicago beef.
Court of inquiry.
In the months following the Spanish-American War, during a court of inquiry held to investigate problems in the U.S. Army's food quality, Commanding General Nelson A. Miles made reference to "embalmed beef". Miles, a Civil War Union Army veteran, had had many years of experience with army provisions. At the onset of the Spanish-American War, he had recommended to Secretary of War Russell A. Alger that local cattle be purchased in Cuba and Puerto Rico for the army's use, rather than using preserved or refrigerated meat transported from the US. This would have followed the army's traditional practice of procuring fresh beef for itself from the theater of war it was operating in. 
Despite his requests, the Army was dedicated to supporting the Chicago meatpacking industry, which eventually shipped hundreds of tons of refrigerated and canned beef to the army from the mainland. In his testimony before the court of inquiry, General Miles referred to the refrigerated product as "embalmed beef", and provided the court with a letter from an army medical officer describing the product. "of the beef I examined arriving on the transports from the United States ... [was apparently preserved by injected chemicals to aid deficient refrigeration", the medical officer wrote. "It looked well, but had an odor similar to that of a dead human body after being injected with formaldehyde, and it tasted when first cooked like decomposed boric acid ..."
As for the canned product, Miles reported, during the war he had received many complaints about its poor quality. His officers provided many striking descriptions of it. "The meat ... soon became putrid", wrote one colonel, "and in many of the cans was found in course of putrefaction when opened". An infantry major declared that "'Nasty' is the only term that will fitly describe its appearance. Its use produced diarrhea and dysentery." Still another officer noted that "It was often nauseating and unfit for use. It should no longer be issued."
Miles also made public statements, reported in the newspapers, claiming that the canned meat was the after-product of the process for making beef extract. "There was no life or nourishment in the meat", charged Miles. "It had been used to make beef extract, and after the juice was squeezed out of it the pulp was put back in the cans and labeled 'roast beef'." As for the embalmed beef, Miles stated "I have the affidavits of men who have seen the process of embalming beef ... treating it chemically for the purpose of preserving it".
While other officers, notably General Wesley Merritt, who had commanded an army corps in the Philippines during the war, denied having heard of any trouble with the meat supplies, Miles would not be silenced.
When the Commissary General, Brigadier General Charles P. Eagan was called to testify, he strongly denounced Miles as a liar. This resulted in Eagan being court martialed and being suspended from duty until he reached the mandatory retirement age.
Results.
Although there was no official finding of large-scale trouble with meat supplies, the newspapers stirred up public opinion on the subject. This contributed to the growing criticism of Secretary of War Alger's handling of the army during the war (a phenomenon known as "Algerism") and by the summer of 1899, President William McKinley decided that Alger had to go. On August 1, Alger resigned at McKinley's request.
The meat scandal, while resulting in no other immediate changes, may have contributed to later army commissary reform and perhaps, along with Upton Sinclair's book "The Jungle", to the passage of the federal Pure Food and Drug Act in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="18331519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331519" title="Quartzville Creek">
Quartzville Creek

Quartzville Creek is a tributary of the Middle Santiam River in Linn County in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is paralleled by the Quartzville Back Country Byway and used for recreation, including camping, fishing, hunting, kayaking, and gold panning. The lower of the creek, from the Willamette National Forest boundary to Green Peter Reservoir, was designated Wild and Scenic in 1988. 
Course.
The creek, beginning at an elevation of about between Pinnacle and Gordon peaks in the Cascade Range, flows generally west and southwest through Willamette National Forest. In its upper reaches, it receives Butte and Bruler creeks from the right, Freezeout Creek from the left, Beabe Creek from the left, Little Meadows Creek from the right, Gregg and McQuade creeks from the left, then Gold Creek from the right. In the next stretch, Green, Savage, and Galena creeks enter from the left. Below Galena Creek, Quartzville Creek leaves the national forest and Canal Creek enters from the right. One of Canal Creek's tributaries, Dry Gulch, drains the former Quartzville townsite for which Quartzville Creek is named.
Downstream of Canal Creek, the creek is followed on the right by Quartzville Road. Along this stretch, Yellowbottom Creek enters from the right at Yellowbottom Campground. Shortly thereafter, the creek turns sharply south and receives Packers Gulch from the right. Further downstream, Boulder Creek enters from the left, then Yellowstone and Four Bit creeks, both from the right. Thereafter, Quartzville Creek reaches the Dogwood Picnic Area, on the right, and Cascade Falls, on a minor tributary to the left. The creek then flows by a stream gauge maintained by the United States Geological Survey from the mouth. Here Panther Creek enters from the right.
Continuing generally southwest, the creek receives Trout Creek and Moose Creek from the right as it enters a northern arm of Green Peter Reservoir. Foots Canyon, which drains part of Green Peter Peninsula, enters from the left before the creek reaches Whitcomb Creek Park, on the right. About beyond the park, the creek merges with the Middle Santiam River, from its confluence with the South Santiam River at Foster Reservoir.
Discharge.
The United States Geological Survey operates a stream gauge upstream from the mouth. The average flow at this station between 1966 and 2011 was . The maximum flow was on February 7, 1996, and the minimum flow was on August 19–23, 1973. The drainage area above this gauge is , about 58 percent of the whole watershed.
A maximum flow larger than the recorded maximum has been estimated at on December 22, 1964. This flow occurred during the floods of December 1964 and January 1965, rated by the National Weather Service as one of Oregon's top 10 weather events of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18331543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331543" title="OrganizedWisdom.com">
OrganizedWisdom.com

OrganizedWisdom.com, a health and wellness company that aims to close the 'health gap,' was launched in October 2006 by Steven H. Krein, Unity Stoakes, and Howard Krein, MD, PhD. The company has two primary divisions: OrganizedWisdom Digital Offices and Startup Health. 
OrganizedWisdom Digital Office.
The OrganizedWisdom Digital Office makes it easy for health practitioners to create an online presence and build a ‘Digital Office’ for patients in minutes. Each Digital Office includes a customizable Health Library, appointment booking integration, automatic health alerts, integration with social media sites and video templates to welcome patients and guide them to the information they will need before, during, and after an office visit. Clinicians (and practice managers) use these tools to help create happier, healthier patients; to save time and money with each office visit; to get new patients; and to enhance their online reputation.
Startup Health.
StartUp Health is an initiative to inspire, educate, and provide resources for entrepreneurs to build sustainable health and wellness companies. StartUp Health aims to close the “Health Gap” between entrepreneurs, private investors, corporations, universities, foundations and other stakeholders committed to accelerating meaningful health and wellness innovation. The Startup Health initiative was announced at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' Health Data Initiative Forum, whose goal is to encourage more private organizations to build tools and applications using the vast amounts of health data the government is now making available to the public. Former Time Warner CEO Jerry Levin as a commitment to fostering better communities for health startups and supporting healthcare entrepreneurs is the chairman of Startup Health. StartUp Health partnered with Startup America, a White House initiative chaired by Former AOL CEO Steve Case to boost innovation and entrepreneurship in the U.S. Jerry Levin, as chairman of Startup Health and an investor in OrganizedWisdom, started the health-specific variation on Startup America, and collaborated with Steve Case with the mutual goal of accelerating entrepreneurialism.
OrganizedWisdom History.
Initially, OrganizedWisdom focused on improving health search results by employing human editors to review websites and write WisdomCards (or search engine results pages) that include text listings, as well as other media, such as photos and video. Each OrganizedWisdom WisdomCard included links to the top five sites, as well as other categorized information, and additional web pages. The company differentiated itself from algorithmic search engines like Google, as well as other directory sites like DMOZ and Yahoo by tracking and building hand-crafted result sets for many of the currently popular health search terms.
OrganizedWisdom's approach was similar to Mahalo.com's strategy, except that OrganizedWisdom focuses exclusively on health related search terms and employs physician reviewers into its training and review process. OrganizedWisdom had over 10,000 WisdomCards in over 50 health categories within its WisdomCard Library.
In 2010, OrganizedWisdom created Digital Offices for health professionals to save them time, increase their web presence, and improve patient education before, during, and after an office visit. OrganizedWisdom launched Startup Health in 2011 and began offering health startups access to its technology, mentorship, and growing health community, including investors, entrepreneurs, and seasoned business minds such as board members, Jerry Levin and Esther Dyson.
Ownership and funding.
Investors in OrganizedWisdom.com include several practicing doctors and leading health, technology, and business minds: ETF Venture Funds (i.e., SeventySix Capital), Esther Dyson, Jerry Levin, Linda Holliday, Roger Ehrenberg, Don Middleberg, Jason Finger, Jeff Stewart, and Artists & Instigators among other strategic angels.

</doc>
<doc id="18331544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331544" title="2005 Scottish Challenge Cup Final">
2005 Scottish Challenge Cup Final

The 2005 Scottish Challenge Cup Final, also known as the Bell's Cup Final for sponsorship reasons, was an association football match between St. Mirren and Hamilton Academical on 6 November 2005 at Excelsior Stadium in Airdrie. It was the 15th final of the Scottish Challenge Cup since it was first organised in 1990 to celebrate the centenary of the Scottish Football League.
St. Mirren emerged winners after defeating Hamilton Academical 2–1 with goals from Simon Lappin and John Sutton to win the tournament for the first time after being losing finalists in 1993.
Route to the final.
St. Mirren.
The first round draw paired St. Mirren with Forfar Athletic at Love Street with the home team winning 1–0 after extra time. The second round was a trip to Dumfries to face Queen of the South at Palmerston Park with The Buddies producing 2–1 win to progress to the quarter-finals. The opponents drawn were Stenhousemuir at home in the quarter-finals and St. Mirren won 3–2. The reward for reaching the semi-final was a home game at against Renfrewshire rivals, Greenock Morton with St. Mirren edging out the opponents to win 4–2 on penalties after 0–0 after extra time. St. Mirren reached the Scottish Challenge Cup final for the second time, since losing the 1993 final against Falkirk.
Hamilton Academical.
Hamilton Academical were drawn against Queen's Park at home in the first round and Hamilton came out 3–0 winners The second round draw saw Accies drawn against Ross County away from home with Hamilton emerging 1–0 winners. The quarter-final draw brought Dundee to New Douglas Park which saw Hamilton produce a 2–0 and awarded Accies their third consecutive clean sheet of the tournament to progress to the semi-finals. The opposition provided in the semi-final draw was St. Johnstone and another away game which saw Hamilton triumph with a 2–1 victors to proceed to the Scottish Challenge Cup final for the third time in the club's history since winning both the 1991 and 1992 tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="18331557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331557" title="Maria Karolina Sobieska">
Maria Karolina Sobieska

Maria Karolina Sobieska (25 November 1697 – 8 May 1740
) was a Polish noble lady, daughter of Jakub Ludwik Sobieski. Known as Marie Charlotte or just Charlotte, she was the Princess of Turenne and later Duchess of Bouillon by marriage. Charlotte was the last surviving member of the House of Sobieski.
Biography.
Born to James Louis Sobieski and his wife Countess Palatine Hedwig Elisabeth of Neuburg, she was the couple's third daughter. Her younger sister Clementina, married the Jacobite pretender James Francis Edward Stuart.
Her paternal cousins included (children of her aunt Theresa Kunegunda Sobieska) Charles VII, Holy Roman Emperor and Clemens August of Bavaria, Archbishop of Cologne. Her maternal cousins included the famous Elisabeth Farnese, the future John V of Portugal as well as his consort Maria Anna of Austria.
Her childhood was spent in Silesia. She was asked for her hand by many an aristocrat including Antonio Ferrante Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla. She, however, rejected him due to the duke's mental illness.
Having travelled to Neuburg, her mother's birthplace, she embarked on an affair with Michał Kazimierz "Rybeńko" Radziwiłł, a future Great Hetman of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. She had wanted to marry him but her father would not allow the couple to elope. A depressed Charlotte, wanted to leave the court and join a convent but Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor (another first cousin), took it upon himself to find her a suitable husband.
The candidate was found in form of Frédéric Casimir de La Tour d'Auvergne, son of Emmanuel Théodose de La Tour d'Auvergne and Marie Armande Victoire de La Trémouille. He was the heir to the sovereign Duchy of Bouillon which the La Tour d'Auvergne's had ruled for over a century. As heir, he was styled the "prince de Turenne". Charlotte married Frédéric Casimir by proxy on 25 August 1723 at Neuss (modern day Germany). The couple met for the first time at Strassburg on 20 September and were married formally.
At the French court, the House of La Tour d'Auvergne ranked as Foreign Princes. This entitled them to the style of "Highness". As such, prior to becoming Duchess of Bouillon, Charlotte was styled as "Her Highness" the Princess of Turenne.
Frédéric Casimir died in Strassburg on 1 October 1723 leaving Charlotte a widow having been married for fourteen days. Seven months later, she married her dead husband's younger brother Charles Godefroy who was now "prince de Turenne" and heir to Bouillon. The new couple married on 2 April 1724 in Paris. The marriage produced two children; a daughter named Marie Louise (mistress of her first cousin Charles Edward Stuart, the Jacobite pretender) and a son named Godefroy who was the penultimate Duke of Bouillon.
The marriage was not happy. The couple divorced and Charlotte moved to Silesia. Moving again, this time to Zhovkva, she spent her last years trying to protect her father's estates of which she was the heiress to from 1737. At her father's death, she inherited the Duchy of Oława where she was born.
Before her death, she designated her old lover, Michał Kazimierz "Rybeńko" Radziwiłł, as her heir. A part of her library was transmitted into the famous Załuski Library which was succeeded by today's National Library of Poland.
She was accused of poisoning the famous contemporary actress Adrienne Lecouvreur who was her rival, yet it was proved that the actress died of natural causes.
She was buried at the Church of Saint Kazimierz in Warsaw, Poland. Charlotte's heart was embalmed and placed in the parish church of Zhovkva. Her tombstone was designed in 1747 by her former lover. It displays a crack indicating the extinction of the Sobieski family of which she was the last surviving member.
Her husband outlived her, dying in 1771. Her son lived until 1792 and her daughter was executed in The Terror of the French Revolution.
Issue.
Children with her second husband;

</doc>
<doc id="18331577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331577" title="V-Cube 7">
V-Cube 7

The V-Cube 7 is a 7×7×7 version of Rubik's Cube. It was invented by Panagiotis Verdes and is produced by the Greek company Verdes Innovations SA. Like the 5×5×5, the V-Cube 7 has both fixed and movable center facets.
Mechanics.
The puzzle consists of 218 unique miniature cubes ("cubies") on the surface. Six of these (the central tiles of the six faces) are attached directly to the internal "spider" frame and are fixed in position relative to one another. The V-Cube 6 uses essentially the same mechanism, except that on the latter the central rows, which hold the rest of the pieces together, are completely hidden.
There are 150 center pieces which show one color each, 60 edge pieces which show two colors each, and eight corner pieces which show three colors each. Each piece (or quintet of edge pieces) shows a unique color combination, but not all combinations are present (for example, there is no edge piece with both red and orange sides, since red and orange are on opposite sides of the solved Cube). The location of these cubes relative to one another can be altered by twisting the outer layers of the Cube 90°, 180° or 270°, but the location of the colored sides relative to one another in the completed state of the puzzle cannot be altered: it is fixed by the relative positions of the fixed center squares and the distribution of color combinations on edge and corner pieces.
Currently, the V-Cube 7 is produced with white plastic as a base, with red opposite orange, blue opposite green, and yellow opposite black. The fixed black center piece is branded with the letter V. Verdes also sells a version with black plastic and a white face, with the other colors remaining the same, solid plastic versions with the plastic the colour itself and no stickers, flag variations of 7x7s including Germany, Poland, Russia etc.
Unlike the flat-sided V-Cube 6, the V-Cube 7 is noticeably rounded. This departure from a true cube shape is necessary, since the mechanism used on this puzzle would not function properly with layers of identical thickness. Other means (such as magnets) would be required. Note from the image at right that if a 7×7×7 were to be constructed with layers of identical thickness the corner pieces (shown in red) would lose contact with the rest of the puzzle when a side was rotated 45 degrees. The V-Cube 6 and V-Cube 7 both solve the problem by using thicker outer layers. The rounded shape of the V-Cube 7 helps disguise this.
Permutations.
There are 8 corner cubes, 60 edges and 150 centers (6 fixed, 144 movable).
Any permutation of the corners is possible, including odd permutations. Seven of the corners can be independently rotated, and the orientation of the eighth depends on the other seven, giving 8!×37 combinations. 
There are 144 movable centers, consisting of six sets of 24 pieces each. Within each set there are four centers of each color. Centers from one set cannot be exchanged with those from another set. Each set can be arranged in 24! different ways. Assuming that the four centers of each color in each set are indistinguishable, the number of permutations of each set is reduced to 24!/(4!6) arrangements, all of which are possible. The reducing factor comes about because there are 4! ways to arrange the four pieces of a given color. This is raised to the sixth power because there are six colors. The total number of permutations of all movable centers is the permutations of a single set raised to the sixth power, 24!6/(4!36). 
There are 60 edge pieces, consisting of 12 central, 24 intermediate, and 24 outer edges. The central edges can be flipped but the rest cannot (because the internal shape of the pieces is asymmetrical), nor can an edge from one set exchange places with one from another set. The five edges in each matching quintet are distinguishable, since corresponding non-central edges are mirror images of each other. There are 12!/2 ways to arrange the central edges, since an odd permutation of the corners implies an odd permutation of these pieces as well. There are 211 ways that they can be flipped, since the orientation of the twelfth edge depends on the preceding eleven. Any permutation of the intermediate and outer edges is possible, including odd permutations, giving 24! arrangements for each set or 24!2 total, regardless of the position or orientation any other pieces.
This gives a total number of permutations of
The entire number is 19 500 551 183 731 307 835 329 126 754 019 748 794 904 992 692 043 434 567 152 132 912 323 232 706 135 469 180 065 278 712 755 853 360 682 328 551 719 137 311 299 993 600 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 (roughly 19,501 sexvigintillion or 19.5 sexvigintilliard on the long scale or 19.5 duoquinquagintillion on the short scale).
However, the fixed black center piece is marked with a V, which can be oriented four different ways. This increases the number of patterns by a factor of four to 7.80×10160, although any orientation of this piece could be regarded as correct.
Solution.
One strategy involves grouping similar edge pieces into solid strips, and centers into one-colored blocks. This allows the cube to be quickly solved with the same methods one would use for a 3×3×3 cube. Because the permutations of the corners, central edges and fixed centers have the same parity restrictions as the 3×3×3 cube, the parity errors seen on the 4×4×4 and 6×6×6 cannot occur on the 7×7×7 unless the cube has been tampered with.
Another strategy is to solve the edges of the cube first. The corners can be placed just as they are in any previous order of cube puzzle, and the centers are manipulated with an algorithm similar to the one used in the 4×4×4 cube.
Records.
The current world record for a 7x7x7 cube is held by Bence Barát of Hungary, in a time of 2 minutes and 40.11 seconds set at the Austrian Big Cube Open 2013. The world record average is held by Feliks Zemdegs with a time of 2 minutes and 52.09 seconds, set at the Australian Nationals 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18331584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331584" title="Fighting Blood">
Fighting Blood

Fighting Blood is a 1911 short silent Western film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring George Nichols and featuring Lionel Barrymore and Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives in the film archive of George Eastman House.

</doc>
<doc id="18331597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331597" title="Pier Terminal">
Pier Terminal

The Pier Terminal () is a ferry terminal and bus station located at Brattøra in the centre of Trondheim, Norway. Fosen Trafikklag operates fast ferries across the fjord to Vanvikan, as well as Kystekspressen to Kristiansund and Sula. Team Trafikk serves the terminal with several routes by city bus. The terminal is owned by Fosen Trafikklag, whose head office is located in the upper levels of the building. Plans have been launched to construct a walkway that would allow passengers to walk over the rail yard to Trondheim Central Station in a few minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18331617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331617" title="High-alert nuclear weapon">
High-alert nuclear weapon

High-alert nuclear weapon(s) commonly refers to a launch-ready ballistic missile(s) armed with a nuclear warhead(s) whose launch can be ordered (through the National Command Authority) and executed (via a nuclear command and control system) within 15 minutes or less. This can include any weapon system capable of delivering a nuclear warhead in this time frame.
Virtually all "high-alert nuclear weapons" are possessed by the U.S. and Russia. Both nations use automated command and control systems in conjunction with their early warning radar and/or satellites to facilitate the rapid launch of their land-based Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles (ICBMs) and some Submarine Launched Ballistic Missiles (SLBMs). Fear of a "disarming" nuclear first-strike that would destroy their command and control systems and nuclear forces led both nations to develop "launch-on-warning" capability, which requires high-alert nuclear weapons able to launch on a 30-minute (or less) tactical warning, the nominal flight time of ICBMs traveling between the U.S. and Russia.
A definition of "high-alert" requires no specific explosive power of the weapon carried by the missile or weapon system, but in general, most high-alert missiles are armed with strategic nuclear weapons with yields equal to or greater than 100 kilotons. The U.S. and Russia have for decades possessed ICBMs and SLBMs capable of being launched in only a few minutes. 
The U.S. and Russia currently have a total of 900 missiles and 2581 strategic nuclear warheads on high-alert, launch-ready status. The total explosive power of these weapons is about 1185 Mt (megatons, or 1.185 billion tons of TNT equivalent explosive power).

</doc>
<doc id="18331631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331631" title="Kelsang Khyenrab">
Kelsang Khyenrab

Kelsang Khyenrab is the former General Spiritual Director of the New Kadampa Tradition (NKT), a Western organization based on the traditional Gelug School of Tibetan Buddhism. As Spiritual Director of the organization founded by Geshe Kelsang Gyatso, Gen-la Khyenrab was the Resident Teacher at Manjushri Temple and Kadampa Meditation Center, the Mother Center of New Kadampa Buddhism, at Cornishead Priory, near Ulverston, England. He has studied and practiced since 1980 under the guidance of his teacher, NKT founder Geshe Kelsang Gyatso. Khyenrab resigned in 2010, for undisclosed health reasons, and was replaced by Gen-la Kelsang Dekyong, who had been the second highest disciple of Geshe Kelsang Gyatso up until that time. Dekyong, also a long-time student of Kelsang Gyatso, had been serving as North American Spiritual Director and Resident Teacher of the Kadampa Buddhist Center in Los Angeles prior to her elevation to the status of General Spiritual Director of the NKT. Prior to that, she was Resident Teacher at the North American NKT Temple, in Glen Spey, New York.
In August 2001, Geshe Kelsang Gyatso established a system of democratic succession for the General Spiritual Director of the NKT-IKBU. The "Internal Rules" state:
In 2008, Gen-la Khyenrab became Acting Spiritual Director, under Geshe Kelsang Gyatso's supervision, and assumed the post of Spiritual Director in August 2009 for a four-year term.

</doc>
<doc id="18331657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331657" title="Samden Gyatso">
Samden Gyatso

Samden Gyatso (Steve Wass) was the Deputy Spiritual Director of the New Kadampa Tradition and Resident Teacher of Manjushri KMC, the Mother Center of Kadampa Buddhism, from 1995 through 2006. He replaced the previous deputy Director, Thubten Gyatso (Neil Elliot).
During his tenure, Gen-la Samden Gyatso taught in Europe, Malaysia, Canada, Brazil, England, Australia and the United States. Gen-la Samden led the International Teacher Training Program, one of the certified study programs for all resident teachers of the tradition. He also regularly granted blessing empowerments to students. His teachings were regarded for their clarity, humor, and skill at relating to real-life experience.
In February 2007 he resigned as Deputy Spiritual Director under pressure from allegations of ethical misdemeanours. Kelsang Khyenrab was appointed as his replacement.

</doc>
<doc id="18331682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331682" title="Git Fresh">
Git Fresh

Git Fresh (formerly known as Deep Side) is an American R&B and hip hop group based in Miami, Florida. They are currently signed to Island Def Jam. The group was initially composed of Rude Boi, Pretti $ly, Penny, & Mike Ezay.
History.
Early years: Deepside.
The group started out and formed when all the band members were in their teenage years, singing at talent shows and parties around the city. With the exception of Pretti Sly, who went to school in Miami, they all went to Dillard Performing Arts School. Rude Boi met Sly at a local talent show in Miami and introduced him to Mike and Penny. There was an immediate chemistry between the guys and they officially formed the group, Deep Side. Formerly signed to Jive Records, the group known as Deep Side changed their name after splitting from the label, and all old ties.
Git Fresh.
The group changed their name from Deep Side to Git Fresh. They also have changed record labels from Jive Records to Def Jam. Unfortunately,the singers, Brent "Penny" Pendergast & Mike "Ezay" Espinosa, has reportedly left the group. As of 2012, It is uncertain if the 2 remaining members will continue as a group.

</doc>
<doc id="18331692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331692" title="Station Palais de Justice (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Palais de Justice (Tram de Bordeaux)

The Palais de Justice station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Situation.
The station is located by Maréchal Juin Boulevard in Bordeaux. The change to ground-level power supply (APS) at this station allows an absence of overhead lines in downtown Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18331697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331697" title="Sailor (song)">
Sailor (song)

"Sailor" (original title: Seemann (Deine Heimat ist das Meer)) is a song written by Werner Scharfenberger (de) and Fini Busch (de) which via a 1959 recording by Lolita became an international hit, with its #5 peak on the Hot 100 chart in "Billboard" making "Sailor" the most successful American hit sung in German until "99 Luftballons" by Nena in 1984. 
With English lyrics written by Norman Newell (credited as "David West") the song also provided a comeback vehicle for two veteran UK vocalists: Petula Clark and Anne Shelton whose respective versions of "Sailor" were both musical milestones for each singer marking Clark's first #1 on the UK Singles chart and Shelton's final chart appearance.
A schlager-style number, "Sailor" in its original German lyric addresses a seafaring love object with an acceptance of his wanderlust: the English-language version inverts this sentiment turning the song into a plea for the sailor to return. The song is sometimes sung by male vocalists from the point of view of the sailor with the lyrics adjusted accordingly.
Continental European versions.
German-language version - original Lolita recording.
Prior to "Seemann...", Viennese singer Lolita had based her career on schlager numbers with Latin or Polynesian themes. Making her recording debut in 1957, Lolita had had four Top 20 hits on the German charts notably with "Der Weiße Mond Von Maratonga" (#2/ 1957) her evident career record as in 1958-59 Lolita's seventh through eleventh single releases all peaked outside the Top 20.
"Seemann..." was recorded by Lolita in a December 15, 1959 session in Vienna. The song's composers Werner Scharfenberger - who was the regular conductor on Lolita's recordings - and Fini Busch had written "Der weiße Mond von Maratonga" and other songs previously recorded by Lolita: however it was another track from the December 15 session which was intended to be Lolita's next A-side release: a cover of the Italian single "Quando la luna" by Corrado Lojacono entitled "La Luna", "Seemann..." having been expediently written to provide a B-side for "La Luna". However it was "Seemann..." which entered the German Top 20 in March 1960: peaking at #2 that June, the single was in the Top 20 for ten months and was the fourth biggest German hit of the year. ("La Luna" would have a belated turn as A-side reaching #30 on the German charts in December 1960.) 
"Seemann..." was picked up for US release by Kapp Records in August 1960 in the belief that the track would appeal to Americans of Germanic descent. In fact the single, re-entitled "Sailor (Your Home is On the Sea)" garnered sufficient attention from Top 40 radio to debut at #76 on "Billboard" magazine's Hot 100 dated October 24, 1960: the impact of "Sailor..." in the US has been attributed to the then-current immense US media interest in Germany due to the political situation in Berlin and also Elvis Presley's being stationed on a West German airbase. Kapp Records rush released an augmented pressing of the original Lolita single, a spoken word English translation of the song's lyric by British singer Maureen René being added in a Hamburg studio on November 4, 1960, and "Sailor..." rose as to a #5 Hot 100 peak in December 1960, becoming the first German-language song to rise to the US Top Ten, a feat repeated only in 1984 by the #1 hit "99 Luftballons" by Nena.
"Sailor..." also afforded Lolita a hit in Australia (#14), Japan (Top 20) and New Zealand reaching #8 in the latter territory despite the #1 ranking achieved there by the Petula Clark English-language rendering "Sailor" (for details of which click here). "Seemann" by Lolita also reached the Top Ten in the Netherlands and in Flemish Belgium - co-ranked with Petula Clark's English rendition - Lolita's "Seemann" reached #12. The track had its most intense chart impact in Norway where it was #1 for nine weeks in the spring of 1961 with sales of 50,000 units recognized that October with the awarding of a Gold Disc. In Sweden "Seemann..." reached #5 in an in tandem charting with the local cover version "Sjöman" by Towa Carson. Estimate for global sales of "Seemann (Deine Heimat Ist Das Meer)"/ "Sailor (Your Home is the Sea)" by Lolita is two million units.
Lolita can be heard singing "Seemann..." on the soundtrack of the film "Schick deine Frau nicht nach Italien" (de) which premiered September 22 1960.
German-language version - remakes.
The 1984 #1 hit "99 Luftballons" by the group Nena would oust Lolita's "Seemann..." as the highest charting US hit sung in German: in 2008 the former vocalist of that group who's pursued a solo career as Nena would record "Seemann..." as "Seemann, lass das Träumen" for a multi-artist album of nautical-themed songs entitled "Captains Club - Bis Ans Ende der Welt". "Seemann..." has also been remade by Manuela as "Seemann, deine Heimat ist das Meer" for her 1964 self-titled album, by the Günter Kallmann (de) Chor as "Seemann" for their 1965 album "Serenade am Meer", by Freddy Quinn as "Seemann deine Heimat ist das Meer" for his 1969 album "Freddy auf hoher See", by United Balls (de) as "Seemann (deine Heimat ist das Meer)" for their 1982 album "Lieder fremder Völker", by Klaus & Klaus as "Seemann (Deine Heimat ist das Meer) on a 2007 EP, by Géraldine Olivier as "Seemann, deine Heimat ist das Meer" for her 2009 album "Maritime Welthits der 50er und 60er", and by Andrea Berg as "Seemann, deine Heimat ist das Meer" for her 2011 concert album "Schwerelos Live (Tausend Und Eine Nacht-Tour)". The Swedish dansband Vikingarna used the German title "Seemann" for the instrumental version of the song featured on their 1977 album "Kramgoa Låtar 5".
French-language version.
When Petula Clark charted in her native UK with the English-language rendering of "Sailor" - see Section 2.3 of this article for details - reaching #1 in February 1961 she ended a UK chart absence of almost three years. However during those same three years Clark did enjoy a string of hit singles in France and she expediently rendered her UK hit "Sailor" with French-language lyrics - by Jean Broussolle (fr) - with the resultant track "Marin" becoming Clark's eighth French chart hit, its #2 peak - reached in May 1961 - matching Clark's previous best French charting that being with "Java Pour Petula" #2 in 1959. The follow-up to "Marin": "Roméo", would be the first of Clark's five French #1's.
"Marin" reached #10 on the charts for the French-speaking sector of Belgium and the single also entered the Montreal charts (as "Sailor") in January 1961 peaking at #13 marking Clark's first appearance on an accredited North American chart almost four years before her breakout hit "Downtown". A cover version of "Marin" - so entitled - was recorded by Québécois singer Pierrette Roy and was ranked at #22 on the annual tally of Québécois hits for 1961.
"Marin" was also recorded by Alain Morisod (fr) & Sweet People for their 2009 album which is entitled "Marin".
Norwegian version.
"Sjømann" was recorded in 1960 by Jan Høiland and also by Franz Løberg (no): Høiland's version rose as high as #2 on the Norwegian charts for the first and second week of February 1961 being kept from #1 by the original "Seemann..." by Lolita (see Section 1.1 for details). "Sjømann" was later recorded by the Kjell Karlsen Orkester for their 1973 album "Spanske Øyne", the vocalist on the track being We-Be Karlsen (no).
Swedish version.
"Sjöman" was first recorded by Thory Bernhards (sv) in an October 12 1960 session, the Swedish lyrics being the work of Åke Gerhard whose composition "Ann-Caroline" - first sung by Bernhards - had coincidentally developed into "Lay Down Your Arms" the career record of Anne Shelton who would have a Top Ten UK hit with "Sailor". Bernhards' rendition of "Sjöman" was utilized in the soundtrack of the German film "Schick deine Frau nicht nach Italien" (de) in its Swedish release replacing Lolita's German-language original "Seemann (Deine Heimat ist das Meer)" (see Section 1.1 for details). The hit recording of "Sjöman" was that by Towa Carson which first charted in Sweden in tandem with "Seemann..." by Lolita with a #5 peak with a subsequent charting as a double A-sided hit with "Sista Dansen" (i.e. "Save the Last Dance for Me") reaching #9 in June 1961. "Sjöman" was also recorded in 1960 by Inger Jacobsen.
Also.
Croatian"Mornar" recorded by Anica Zubović (hr) in 1968.<br>
Danish"Sømand, mon du drømmer?" recorded in 1960 by Katy Bødtger with Ole Mortensen (da) conducting the orchestra.<br>
DutchIn the autumn of 1960 "Zeeman" by Caterina Valente charted in the Netherlands and reached #10 on the charts for the Flemish region of Belgium: a 1981 remake by Ciska Peters (nl) - as "Zeeman, Je Verlangen Is Dezee" - reached #19 in the Netherlands. "Zeeman" has also been recorded by the Fouryo's (nl) and also by Lisa Del Bo, appearing on the 1999 Lisa Del Bo album "Best of the Sixties".<br>
Estonian"Meremees, kus on su kodu?" has been recorded by Vello Orumets (et) and also by Toivo Nikopensius (et).<br>
Finnish"Merimies, kotimaasi on meri" was first recorded by Ritva Mustonen (fi) in 1960: recorded in 1961 by Laila Kinnunen, "Merimies..." has since been remade by Eino Grön (fi) for his 1983 album "Merellä ja Kotisatamassa", by Lea Laven for her 1988 album "Bluebird", and by the Charlies (fi) for their 1999 album "Kauneimmat Hetket".<br>
Italian"Sailor (La tua casa e' il mare)" recorded by Lucia Altieri (it) in 1962.<br>
Spanish"Marinero" recorded by Patrick Jaque in 1963.
English version.
Composition.
Lyricist Norman Newell would recall that his publisher phoned him on a Friday requesting he write English lyrics for Lolita's hit ""Seemann..." (see Section 1.1 of this article): although Newell agreed to prepare the lyrics over the weekend the assignment slipped his mind until a messenger arrived Monday morning to pick up Newell's work. "I sent messenger to the canteen and wrote the lyric 'Sailor' in ten minutes."
Anne Shelton.
The first recording of the English version of "Sailor" was made by Anne Shelton: the session for Shelton's version was arranged and conducted by Wally Stott and featured guitarist Big Jim Sullivan who'd also play on the version by Petula Clark.
Shelton had spent four weeks at #1 UK with "Lay Down Your Arms" in 1956 but had since only had one further chart record: "The Village Of St. Bernadette" #27 in 1959, when her version of "Sailor" reached #10 in January 1961. Although she'd been recording since 1943 "Sailor" was only her fifth UK chart appearance as her most intense period of popularity had pre-dated regulated record-sales chart formatting in the UK, and "Sailor" would mark Shelton's final chart appearance.
Shelton's strongest association was as an entertainer of the forces in World War II: Freeman was assisted with the production of "Sailor" by Tony Hatch marking the first collaboration between Clark and her future hitmaking mentor. The arrangement of Clark's recording of "Sailor" is notable for its featuring a harmonica.
"Sailor" debuted at #18 in the UK Top 50 dated 28 January 1961, becoming Clark's first UK chart entry since "Baby Lover", #12 in March 1958, an intermittent ten single releases having failed to chart.
Clark's "Sailor" became the third hit version of the song in the Netherlands (#13) and - in a tandem ranking with ""Seemann (Deine Heimat Ist Das Meer)" by Lolita (see Section 1.1 for details) - reached #12 on the chart for the Flemish Region of Belgium. "Sailor" was #1 in New Zealand and Israel in respectively March and September 1961. A hit in Denmark (#9) and Spain (Top 20), "Sailor" reached #2 in South Africa in 1961 and when re-released there as the follow-up to "This is My Song" in 1968 reached #9. Both of Clark's UK #1 hits would compete with rival versions: "Sailor" would be a #10 hit for Anne Shelton while Harry Secombe's version of "This is My Song" would rise as high as #2.
For details of Petula Clark's recording of the French-language rendering of "Sailor" entitled "Marin" see Section 1.3 of this article.
Also.
Besides the versions by Anne Shelton and Petula Clark detailed above, two other acts had UK single releases of "Sailor" in January 1961: veteran American vocal trio the Andrews Sisters and also American stage musical actress Eileen Rodgers, the latter's version being entitled "Sailor (Your Home Is In The Sea)". The Andrews Sisters, who were in London for an engagement at the Talk of the Town, made a one-off single for Decca Records (UK) comprising "Sailor" backed by "Goodnight and Sweet Dreaming"; the tracks, which featured Bernard Ebbinghouse conducting his orchestra, were recorded 29 December 1960.
Bobby Helms recorded the song as "Sailor (Your Home Is The Sea)" for his 1966 album "I'm the Man".
In 1974 actor Peter Gilmore, then renowned for his sea-captain role in the BBC-TV series "The Onedin Line", recorded the album "James Onedin Songs of the Sea" from which his rendition of "Sailor" - entitled "Sailor (Seemann)" - was issued as a single (the album was recorded and released in the Netherlands).
Louise Morrissey recorded "Sailor" for her 2008 album release "The Gift".
An instrumental version of "Sailor (Your Home Is The Sea)" appears on the 1961 album "Songs Of The Soaring '60s Volume 1 " by Roger Williams: the track later served as B-side for Williams' 1965 single release "Summer Wind".

</doc>
<doc id="18331703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331703" title="Vlatko Lozanoski">
Vlatko Lozanoski

Vlatko Lozanoski - Lozano () is a Macedonian singer from Kičevo - Republic of Macedonia. Together with Esma Redžepova, he represented Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö, Sweden.
Career.
His first public appearance was as a participant in the talent show "Mak Dzvezdi" (September 2007 - May 2008). A month later, he won the Grand Prix on the first Macedonian Radio Festival called "Starry Night" ().
He sang the song "Vrati Me" which was also his first official single. His second single was called "Obicen Bez Tebe". In October 2008, singing his only third official single at the time "Vremeto Da Zastane", Lozano was awarded by the jury the Debut Prize at MakFest, the most prestigious music festival in Republic of Macedonia. Two days later, on the final evening he won the MakFest Grand Prix which was awarded by the audience. "Sonce Ne Me Gree" was his next single. In February 2009, he participated in Macedonia's national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 singing his fifth single "Blisku Do Mene" and was placed fourth. The song was elected to represent Macedonia on The Virtual Eurosong Festival "Second Chance". In June 2009 Lozano participated on the Pjesma Mediterana Festival in Budva, Montenegro. In July, he participated on the Slavianski Bazar Festival in Vitebsk, Belarus and won the second prize. Next, Lozano performed "I'm Your Angel" along with Magdalena Cvetkoska on the Golden Wings Festival in Moldova, and they won the second prize. He was also awarded the Best Male Voice. His first album named "Lozano" was released in early 2010. In February 2010 he participated in the Macedonian national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 singing "Letam kon tebe". He ended up in the fourth place.
Eurovision Song Contest 2013.
On 28 December 2012, Macedonian Radio-Television (MRT) announced that Lozanoski along with Esma Redžepova would represent Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 to be held in Malmö, Sweden, with the song "Pred da se razdeni". The song failed to qualify from the second semi-final of the competition on 16 May 2013, placing 16th in the field of 17 songs, scoring 28 points.

</doc>
<doc id="18331708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331708" title="Nicole Fiscella">
Nicole Fiscella

Nicole Fiscella (born September 15, 1979) is an American actress and model, of Indian and St Lucian ancestry, who rose to fame through the book-based TV series Gossip Girl as "Isabel Coates".
Biography.
Early life.
Fiscella, who has a younger brother, Chaz George Fiscella, was born in Lenox Hill Hospital Manhattan, New York, and is the daughter of two doctors. Fiscella was also in the All-State Jazz Choir with world renowned director and political activist, Jim Augustine.
Career.
Fiscella started modeling in 2005, under New York Model Management. She has appeared on the covers of various beauty and fashion magazines, including Elle and Cosmopolitan, as she has also featured in campaigns for Pantene and GAP Body.
Fiscella bagged the role of "Isabel Coates", a "friend"/sidekick of Blair Waldorf and a part of the insider clique in The CW's "Gossip Girl" in March 2007. Fiscella as Coates has featured in 14 out of 18 episodes of the first season. She will be returning in the second season, of "Gossip Girl", which is set to air in Fall 2008. She also starred in LL Cool J's Baby video as the lead girl.
Personal life.
Fiscella graduated from Tufts University with a Bachelor of Arts in Anthropology, and is currently pursuing an M.S. in Human Nutrition from the University of Bridgeport - although she admits that she has never been on to the campus, as she is taking the course online. When asked why she wanted to study Nutrition, by The New York Observer, Fiscella replied "Both of my parents are doctors, so we were always the health-nut family. I think I always wanted to do something in the medical field a little bit, but not as far as being a doctor, so this is a good median".
Fiscella lives with her two cats, Tess and Oli in Manhattan. She says that she is addicted to blogging and exercise.

</doc>
<doc id="18331712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331712" title="Charlie Beamon, Jr.">
Charlie Beamon, Jr.

Charles Alfonzo Beamon, Jr. (born December 4, 1953) is a former first baseman and designated hitter in Major League Baseball. Beamon spent parts of three seasons in the majors with the Seattle Mariners and Toronto Blue Jays.
He is the son of Charlie Beamon, a former pitcher with the Baltimore Orioles in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="18331713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331713" title="Telecom Italia Media">
Telecom Italia Media

Telecom Italia Media () (known also as TI Media) is an Italian commercial television network, founded in Rome, Italy by Seat Pagine Gialle in 2003 and later acquired by Telecom Italia and listed on Italian Stock Exchange.
Overview.
The company is focused on mass media: Television production and broadcasting, advertising and other multimedial activities.

</doc>
<doc id="18331728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331728" title="George Nickson">
George Nickson

George Nickson (9 May 1864 – 23 February 1949) was an Anglican bishop.
Nickson was born on 9 May 1864 and educated at Trinity College, Dublin and Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. He was ordained in 1889. His first post was as a curate at Holy Trinity, Cambridge, after which he was successively Vicar of St Benedict, Cambridge, St John the Divine Fairfield, Liverpool and St Andrew's Southport before being appointed Rural Dean of West Derby in 1905. In 1906 he became the first Suffragan Bishop of Jarrow. In 1914 he was translated to Bristol. A man whose dedication to his ministry led to occasional collapses, he retired in 1933 and settled in Church Stretton, Shropshire, dying on 23 February 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="18331737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331737" title="Elizaveta Vorontsova">
Elizaveta Vorontsova

Elizaveta Romanovna Vorontsova () (13 August 1739 – 2 February 1792) was a mistress of Emperor Peter III of Russia. During their affair, Peter was rumored to have intentions of divorcing his wife Catherine (the future empress) to marry Vorontsova.
She belonged to the great Vorontsov family that reached the pinnacle of power during the last years of the reign of Empress Elizabeth, when her uncle, Mikhail Illarionovich, served as Imperial Chancellor. Her father, General Roman Vorontsov, governed the provinces of Vladimir, Penza, Tambov, and Kostroma, where his name became a byword for graft and inefficiency. 
Following her mother's death in 1750, the 11-year-old Elizaveta was attached to the Oranienbaum court of Grand Duke Peter's wife, Grand Duchess Catherine Alekseyevna (at this time, Peter was the heir to the throne). By accounts, Elizaveta was a slob: She "swore like a soldier, squinted her eyes, smelled bad, and spit while talking". Baron de Breteuil compared her appearance to that of a "scullery maid of the lowliest kind". Catherine herself would write of her as "very ugly, extremely dirty child with an olive skin". Peter, however, developed a fondness for her, which the court was at a loss to explain. Catherine called Elizaveta a "new Madame de Pompadour" (of whom she greatly disapproved), while the Grand Duke took to calling her "my Romanova" (a pun on her patronymic, Romanovna: his own surname was Romanov).
After Elizaveta's lover became Emperor in January 1762, he invested her with the Order of Saint Catherine and had rooms prepared for her in the newly built Winter Palace next to his own. She accompanied Peter in all his excursions and adventures, and foreign ambassadors reported to their governments that the Emperor was intending to banish his wife to a convent in order to marry Vorontsova. Some claim these rumors drove Catherine to join efforts with Vorontsova's own sister, Princess Ekaterina Dashkova, and staged a palace coup which removed her husband from power in July 1762. Controversy endures to the present day as to whether Catherine took any part in ... [Peter's] death shortly thereafter. However, Catherine's actions have been described as follows: "As for her husband, Catherine threw him in jail, and though she couldn't help show some sympathy—allowing him his own bed from home, along with his dogs, violin and even his personal doctor—she refused his most heartfelt and repeated request: She made sure that Peter and his mistress never saw each other again.
Catherine II, in her memoirs, pulled no punches when discussing Vorontsova. In a letter from June 1762, she claimed that the Vorontsovs had made plans to shut her up in a cloister and put their relative on the throne. Although Vorontsova wished to follow her lover into exile in Holstein (his homeland), his sudden death put an end to this prospect.
The Empress arranged her rival's marriage to an army colonel of humble background, and ordered them to withdraw to the countryside, where Vorontsova spent the rest of her days in bitterness and ill health, while her brothers Alexander and Semyon made spectacular careers in the diplomatic service. 

</doc>
<doc id="18331745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331745" title="Mahameghavahana dynasty">
Mahameghavahana dynasty

The Mahameghavahana dynasty (; , c. 250s BC to 400s AD) was an ancient ruling dynasty of Kalinga after the decline of the Mauryan Empire. The third ruler of the dynasty, Kharavela, conquered much of India in a series of campaigns at the beginning of the common era. Kaḷingan military might was reinstated by Khārabēḷa: under Khārabēḷa's generalship, the Kaḷinga state had a formidable maritime reach with trade routes linking it to the then-Simhala (Sri Lanka), Burma (Myanmar), Siam (Thailand), Vietnam, Kamboja (Cambodia), Borneo, Bali, Samudra (Sumatra) and Yawadvipa (Java). Khārabēḷa led many successful campaigns against states of Magadha, Anga, Satavahanas and the South Indian regions of Pandyan Empire (modern Andhra Pradesh) and expanded Kaḷinga as far as the Ganges and the Kaveri.
The Kharavelan state had a formidable maritime empire with trading routes linking it to Sri Lanka, Burma, Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, Borneo, Bali, Sumatra and Java. Colonists from Kalinga settled in Sri Lanka, Burma, as well as the Maldives and Maritime Southeast Asia. Even today Indians are referred to as Keling in Malaysia because of this.
Although religiously tolerant, Khārabēḷa patronised Jainism. and was responsible for the propagation of Jainism in the Indian Subcontinent but his importance is neglected in many accounts of Indian history. The main source of information about Khārabeḷa is his famous seventeen line rock-cut Hātigumphā inscription in a cave in the Udayagiri hills near Bhubaneswar, Orissa. According to the Hathigumpha inscription, he attacked Rajagriha in Magadha, thus inducing the Indo-Greek king Demetrius to retreat to Mathura.

</doc>
<doc id="18331751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331751" title="Marianela de la Hoz">
Marianela de la Hoz

Marianela de la Hoz (June 14, 1956) is a Mexican painter. She has lived in San Diego, California for six years now where she continues to work. Her artwork follows the tendencies of the aesthetic trend called Hemofiction in which blood, consciousness, irony, time and space are its structural axes. In this trend the dominant instincts of the characters are revealed, producing an encounter with the own individual's identity, moving towards the unique being's interior.
Painting style.
Her work is nourished by literary arguments, not to produce illustrative texts, but as the source from where the internal problems of the human being emerge. It is in literature where she finds those extremely unusual visual codes that allow me to depict that human side that we persist in hiding, the "unpleasant" face of real life, stories drawn from the immediate familiar surroundings, where vicious or pervert characteristics, seemingly unnoticed but present, take relevance to induce shocks in the spectator who is looking at prodigious portraits of what we all really are.
Inside this pictorial-literary world, precise limits don’t exist, its contents unleash my imagination giving as a result an inexhaustible source of images, she deals with the material and immaterial, the ordinary and extraordinary. She think about the knowledge we have of ourselves, the way we live, love and dream, she talks about love, death, hopes, the present and the past and above all the visual iconography that she works with is that of the terrible, the amoral, resulting in realistic characters with magical details, zoomorphism, disproportions and exaggerations that talk openly about themselves, without guilt, myths or common places.
In expressing those problems of mankind she look for reactions, she digs the feelings, hopes, anxieties, secrets, she draws them out and investigate in order to recover that childish fantasy for the adult, who also has the urge for magic, she needs to depict "stories" that will satisfy these perverse tendencies through fantasy and she finds specific models to express them as the children's imagination would.
She uses black humor and sarcasm, to express violence, destruction and sadism, through fantasy. That is why she calls it "White Violence", namely small formats in which she portrays characters whose hair is properly combed, with perfect teeth and, only when necessary, a tiny blood drop; acting an extreme situation.
The contents of her work arise from reality; facing the troubled times we are living, because she finds avoiding these subjects to be decadent. Many artists try not to upset the spectator, flattering him and preventing him from searching the depth of the human visual circle in which we can find a cathartic experience, they lead people to become pleasure, fashion or prestige followers and not in someone that tries to confront his experiences with "that" what the artist has placed in front of him.
Her artwork's purpose is to provoke the spectator as a total being, not pure sensibility, nor pure reasoning.
The paintings are to be seen at a close distance because of their size and detailed brushstrokes, in order to follow gestures, surroundings and the delicate precise strokes; but above all, to trap the spectator as in a spider web.
The texts become another element in the whole composition reminding us of ancient manuscripts, with allusions or cryptic messages towards the images.
Every depicted element is related, possesses its own life, even the inert ones.
To summarize, she could describe her artwork as reality portraits converted in fantastic theatrical scenes, set of mirrors in which she looks at herself and you look at yourself, perhaps by finding some relationship with grandmother and mother; an intimate and terrifying nearness.
Career as painter.
Marianela is a self-taught painter. She has been working for 16 years. She has become known for her format as well as her medium. Her miniatures are captivating and they are full of meaning. She works with egg tempera and sometimes applies gold leaf to her works. Even though she uses antique methods of painting her works are modern and fresh. She also produces drawing with silverpoint, gold point and pencil.
Her work has been shown in Mexico City, Guanajuato, Cuernavaca and Querétaro; Caracas, Venezuela; in San Diego, California, Santa Monica, California, Long Beach, California, San Francisco, California, Houston, Texas, Seattle, Washington, Portland, Oregon, Miami, Florida, New York, Washington, D.C. and Cotuit, Massachusetts.
Additional participations.
Her work does not reduce itself to just painting. She has created the costume and set design for various plays and operas such as the opera by the composer Juan Trigos Ruanova "De Cachetito Raspado"that played in the Zagreb Music Festival, Croatia, and the Cervantino Festival, Guanajuato Mexico. As well as the plays "Carne y tripas de gusano" and "Mama es loca o esta poseida". She has also created two wine labels for the Imagery Art for Wine, Vintage label Bezinger Family Winery.

</doc>
<doc id="18331759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331759" title="Thubten Gyatso (NKT)">
Thubten Gyatso (NKT)

From 1991 to 1995 Gelong Thubten Gyatso (a.k.a. Gen Thubten or Neil Elliot) was appointed as a 'Gen-la' and Resident Teacher of Madhyamaka Centre (Pocklington, York) and as Geshe Kelsang's future successor. He was described by the NKT as "the first qualified English Tantric meditation master in Britain". He was known as the 'heart-disciple' of Geshe Kelsang and Geshe Kelsang himself wrote a prayer for his long life which was recited regularly at NKT centres. According to Madeleine Bunting "Gen Thubten [..] is described by former members as having been the 'power behind the throne'." Bunting states further that "Former members understand that Gen Thubten was disrobed because of a breach of his monastic vows. He was deeply revered by the 3,000 NKT members for his knowledge of Buddhism and his charismatic teaching."

</doc>
<doc id="18331772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331772" title="Rodolfus Choir">
Rodolfus Choir

The Rodolfus Choir was founded by Ralph Allwood in 1984. It is a scratch choir of singers aged 25 and younger, primarily selected from members of the Eton Choral Courses. It has toured extensively in the UK and abroad, and on top of performances at such venues as St John's, Smith Square and the Three Choir Festival in Gloucester they have produced a considerable discography of music ranging from Monteverdi to Grier.

</doc>
<doc id="18331774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331774" title="Estrada Real">
Estrada Real

Estrada Real (, "Royal Road") is a set of colonial-era roads in Brazil. 
Definition.
The name refers to any land which at the time of colonial Brazil, was covered on the process of settlement and economic exploitation of its resources, in conjunction with the international market. In this perspective, the designation "Royal Road" reflects the fact that this was the only authorized way for the movement of people and goods. The opening or using other means constituted crime of "lese-majeste," being there the origin of the word embezzlement, meaning smuggling.
From the second half of the eighteenth century there was a decline in mineral production in the district of Minas Gerais that led to an increase of fiscal policy and a dissatisfaction which led to the independence movement. With the Independence of Brazil in the early nineteenth century, these paths become free, thus building, with the wealth provided by coffee plantations, the main thrust of urbanization in the Southeast.
History.
Portuguese colonists of Brazil and their African slaves began building the road in 1697 shortly after gold, diamonds, and other precious minerals were discovered in the state of Minas Gerais. The purpose of the road was to facilitate the movement of those minerals from the interior to the coast and thence to Lisbon. The original road—Caminho Velho—began in Paraty and went north through the towns of São João del-Rey, Tiradentes, Coronel Xavier Chaves, Congonhas, Itatiaia and, ultimately, Vila Rica, today's Ouro Preto. Later, the distance to Ouro Preto was shortened by the Caminho Novo, which started from Rio de Janeiro. The road was extended northward through Mariana, Catas Altas, Santa Bárbara, Barão de Cocais, Ipoema, Conceição do Mato Dentro, Serro, São Gonçalo do Rio das Pedras, and, at the northernmost point, Diamantina. The length of both roads combined is about 1,400 km (850 mi).
Transportation along the road was tightly controlled by agents of the Crown to prevent smuggling and unauthorized movement. Goods were transported in mule trains known as "tropas", led by "tropeiro" mule drivers. Products from Portugal made their way up the road while minerals made their way to the coast, as manufacturing and many crops were prohibited by the Crown so as to keep the region economically dependent on Portugal. Many of Brazil's hearty dishes, such as "feijão tropeiro" and "tutu", were originally prepared by the "tropeiros", who needed food that could be transported without spoiling.
The towns along the Estrada Real were opulent in the days of gold and diamonds, but by the end of the 18th century, the minerals became more scarce and the economy went into decline. Recent efforts by governmental and non-governmental organizations are turning the Estrada Real into a route that leads tourists through the cradle of Brazilian culture. The road is still mostly unpaved, and the towns and villages along the way appear much the way they did in the 19th century. Magnificent churches still stand in towns that have been economically stagnant for over a century. The tourism initiative is educating people to retain their traditional ways and preserve the Baroque architecture of their old churches and government buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="18331777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331777" title="Diane Stanley">
Diane Stanley

Diane Stanley is an American children's author and illustrator.
Stanley was born in Abilene, Texas on December 27, 1943. She earned her bachelor's degree from Trinity University and her M. A. in medical illustration from Johns Hopkins University College of Medicine. She has worked as a medical illustrator, a graphic designer for Dell Publishing, and an art director for G. P. Putnam's Sons, winning three design awards from the New York Book Show.
Stanley is the author and/or illustrator of fifty books for children, noted especially for her series of twelve picture book biographies. "Shaka, King of the Zulus" was named a New York Times Best Illustrated Book and "Leonardo da Vinci" received the Orbis Pictus Award for Outstanding Nonfiction from the National Council for Teachers of English. Ten of her books have been honored as American Library Association Notable Books and she has twice received both the Boston Globe/Hornbook Award and the Society of Children's Book Writers' Golden Kite Award. She was the recipient of the Washington Post/Children's Book Guild Award for the body of her work.
She has three grown children and lives in Santa Fe, New Mexico with her husband, Peter Vennema, who sometimes collaborates with her on research for her biographies.
Bibliography.
Fiction.
Historical fiction:
Elena

</doc>
<doc id="18331779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331779" title="John Quirk">
John Quirk

John Nathaniel Quirk (1849 – 26 April 1924) was an Anglican bishop.
Early life.
Quirk was the son of the Revd Charles Thomas Quirk, sometime rector of Golborne. After being educated at Shrewsbury School and St John's College, Cambridge, he was ordained deacon in 1874 and priest in the following year. 
Eccllesiastical career.
His first post was as a curate at St Leonard's, Bridgnorth, where he served for four years, after which he was at Doncaster. He was Vicar of St Thomas's, Douglas, for a year, then successively Vicar of Rotherham, of St Mary´s, Beverley and of St Paul´s, Lorrimore Square, before being appointed Canon of York in 1888. He was appointed Rector and Rural Dean of Bath in 1895, where he was heavily involved with the restoration of Bath Abbey. 
Quirk had recently been nominated Vicar Designate of Doncaster, when in September 1901 he became the first and (as it turned out) only Suffragan Bishop of Sheffield. He was consecrated as Bishop in York Minister 18 October 1901. When Sheffield was selected to form the centre of a new diocese, Quirk was translated to be the second Bishop of Jarrow. He also served as Archdeacon of Durham from 1922 to 1924.
He died on 26 April 1924.
Family.
Quirk was married, on 22 April 1880 at Brathay Church, Ambleside, to Mary Jane Clay (b. 17 August 1856 at Stapenhill, Burton-on-Trent; d. 21 August 1934 at Ulverstoke
). She was the daughter of the Revd John Clay(1805–1877) of Burton-on-Trent and his wife, Jessie Harden (1814–1908) of Ambleside. They had two sons and a daughter:
The Revd Robert Quirk (1883–1949), m. Stella Sedgewick in 1908 and had Roger, Diana and Catharine.
Douglas Quirk (1887–1939), m. Inna Obolianoff in 1923, no children.
Margery Quirk (1886–1911) d.unm.

</doc>
<doc id="18331790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331790" title="Kazbek Tuaev">
Kazbek Tuaev

Kazbek Alievich Tuaev (Kazbek Alirza oglu Tuayev, , ; born 13 November 1940 in Alyat, Azerbaijan SSR, USSR) is an Azerbaijani footballer and manager. Tuaev played for Neftchi Baku as a forward from 1961 to 1972 and managed the side in the 1970s, 1980s, and 2000s. He also played for and managed Spartak Orjonikidze in the 1970s. Tuaev made his debut for USSR on 1 October 1967 in a friendly against Switzerland.
Tuaev has also managed the Azerbaijani national football team. He was classified as a Master of Sport of the USSR in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="18331791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331791" title="Julian Moreton">
Julian Moreton

The Reverend Julian Moreton (1825–1900) was a Church of England (Anglican) clergyman and author who travelled from England to Newfoundland, Canada to be ordained as a missionary for the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts. He stayed for thirteen years, kept a detailed journal, and wrote a book, entitled ""Life and work in Newfoundland : reminiscences of thirteen years spent there"".
Early life.
There is not much information on Julian Moreton's early life except that he was born on August 29, 1825 in Chelsea,London, England.. While there he was a clerk for a barrister ( lawyer), and was attracted to and influenced by the Tractarian Movement, also known as the Oxford Movement and wished to become an Anglican Priest, an ambition difficult to satisfy for one of his low social status. In June 1855, Moreton married Georgine McKenzie.
Training.
Moreton could not become an Anglican priest in England, therefore, around the year 1847 he applied to become a missionary . A year later, in 1848, the Bishop of Newfoundland, Edward Feild, accepted Moreton who was recommended by a friend of Feild a prominent High Church clergyman, William Scott of Hoxton.
When Julian Moreton arrived on the Island, he received a year of training at the Theological Institute located in St. John's, Newfoundland, the capital of Newfoundland. In 1849 he was ordained a deacon on Trinity Sunday at St. Thomas's Church in St. John's. A year later on 22 September 1850 he was ordained a Priest at the Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in St. John's.
Greenspond Mission.
In 1849 Julian Moreton was stationed at Greenspond, Newfoundland, Bonavista Bay with financial backing from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts (S.P.G.). The Greenspond Mission was a very difficult area as it covered seventy miles of coast, 23 distinct settlements which had to be reached by boat, and more than 3,200 members of the Church. Although Moreton wanted to leave the mission in 1855, he decided to stay and just shortly after volunteered to have the S.P.G. stop providing him with payments as he could survive on payments made by the inhabitants. Bishop Feild was very pleased with his work.
Moreton gave several lectures when he returned to England, which were published in 1863 under the title "Life and work in Newfoundland; reminiscences of thirteen years spent there" (London). The book gives a detailed account of his life as a missionary as well as valuable descriptions of society in Newfoundland outports during that time. The people of Greenspond had built a church and afterwards voted as to whether it should be Methodist or Anglican. Moreton was constantly on the move. He describes visiting settlements during the winter, when the fishermen lived in tilts in the woods, and he often slept on logs near the fire. He raised money to build a new church on Pinchard's Island and to pay lay readers in the mission. He often wrote letters for the illiterate, who made up the great majority of his parishioners: he records that “of 334 persons married in seven years previous to September, 1856, only 49 could write their names.” Apart from the merchants’ agents, the collector of customs, the doctor, and the schoolmaster, the inhabitants of the Greenspond area were fishermen. Most were of English origin, settlers or descendants of settlers from Hampshire and Dorset.
Julian Moreton faced many hardships and obstacles during his time as missionary in the Greenspond Mission. These hardships are recorded in Moreton's book and in Bishop Edward Feild's reports to the S.P.G. For example, one account records Moreton visiting Deadman's Bay some 30 miles away from his home, walking for 16 miles along the shore, living on bread and butter with salted fish alone, and expecting only two good meals in nine days. This life eventually proved too difficult for Moreton, who suffered a complete breakdown in his health.
England.
In 1860, while failing in health, Moreton was transferred to the Island Cove/Bishop's Cove Mission in Conception Bay for his final year in Newfoundland. The following year, after returning to England he began serving as Chaplain to colonial governors, first at Labuan (Malaysia) and then Penang. In 1874 he secured a curacy in England and eventually ended his ministry as vicar of the parish of Saltash. In his retirement Moreton continued to write and lecture on Anglo Catholic topics, often referring to his experiences in Newfoundland and quoting Bishop Feild. Moreton died at his home in Springfield Gardens, Upper Clapton, on December 16, 1900. He was 76 years old. He was perhaps the first Anglo-Catholic clergyman to minister in Newfoundland and is remembered to this day by the Guild of All Souls, at the Shrine of Our Lady of Walsingham.
Works.
Life and work in Newfoundland : reminiscences of thirteen years spent there (London, Rivingtons, 1863) 
A letter to the Rev. H. Bailey, in reply to recent strictures upon missionary societies and the missionaries (Oxford, 1864)
Ritual in worship: now and hereafter (London, 1888) 
Some thoughts on marriage (London, 1891)
What is the characteristic grace of confirmation? A treatise on the operation of the Holy Ghost in confirmation, with a scheme of instruction (London, 1890).

</doc>
<doc id="18331818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331818" title="Bethlehem Lutheran Church (Round Top, Texas)">
Bethlehem Lutheran Church (Round Top, Texas)

Bethelem Lutheran Church is an historic stone Lutheran church located at 409 South White Street in Round Top, Texas. Construction of the church began in 1866 under the leadership of Pastor J. Adam Neuthard, with the first service being held on January 13, 1867. The building was designed by Carl Siegismund Bauer, a German Texan, who also served as the head mason. The side walls are supported by buttresses. It is one of the earliest stone churches built in this section of Texas and has been used for services continuously since its construction. Today it is the oldest Lutheran church sanctuary in Texas. It was recorded as a Texas Historic Landmark in 1965 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 10, 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18331840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331840" title="Abraham Keyser, Jr.">
Abraham Keyser, Jr.

Abraham Keyser (April 20, 1784 Schoharie, then Albany County, New York - 1873 Albany, Albany County, New York) was an American politician.
Life.
He was the son of Abraham Keyser (b. ca. 1762) and Maria Margaretha Schaffer (b. 1762), born in the part of the then district of Schoharie in Albany County which was after the creation of Schoharie County in 1797 part of the Town of Middleburgh, and was in 1828 separated as the Town of Fulton.
In 1800, he married Catharina Bauch, and they had nine children, among them Peter Keyser (1800–1881) who was over thirty years deputy State treasurer and chief accountant and transfer clerk in the Comptroller's office.
He was Sheriff of Schoharie County from 1815 to 1819. During his tenure occurred the murder of deputy sheriff Huddleston by John Van Alstine who was executed in 1819. Keyser appeared as a witness at the trial before Justice Ambrose Spencer.
He was a member from Schoharie County of the New York State Assembly from 1820 to 1822. He was New York State Treasurer from 1824 to 1825, and from 1826 to 1838.

</doc>
<doc id="18331845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331845" title="Tamarix aphylla">
Tamarix aphylla

Tamarix aphylla is the largest known species of "Tamarix" (height: to18 metres—60 ft) . The species has a variety of common names, including Athel pine, Athel tree, Athel tamarisk, and saltcedar. It is an evergreen tree, native across North, East and Central Africa, through the Middle East, and into parts of Western and Southern Asia.
Originally described by the 'father of taxonomy' Carolus Linnaeus, its specific name is derived from the Ancient Greek " 'a' " "without", and " 'phyllon' " "leaf".
Distribution.
It is found along watercourses in arid areas. It is very resistant to saline and alkaline soils. Ref: http://www.fs.fed.us/database/feis/plants/tree/tamaph/all.html The latitudinal range ranges from 35 N to 0 N, and it ranges from Morocco and Algeria in North Africa eastwards to Egypt and south to the Horn of Africa and into Kenya. It is found in the Middle East and the Arabian Peninsula, east through Iran and into India, Pakistan and Afghanistan. in Urdu and Hindi this tree is called "FARASH" (فراش). while in Punjabi this tree is called "kooan" (کواں). In Baluchi it is called Shakargaaz or Siahgaaz Ref:http://aciar.gov.au/files/node/2275/mn050_part_13_pdf_19291.pdf
Description.
"Tamarix aphylla" grows as a tree to 18 metres (60 ft) high. The tiny leaves are alternately arranged along the branches, and exude salt, which can form a crusted layer on the surface, and drip onto the ground beneath. The species can reproduce by seed or by suckering.
Uses.
"Tamarix aphylla" has been used as a windbreak and shade tree in agriculture and horticulture for decades, especially in dryer regions such as the western United States and central and western Australia. Due to its higher fire adaptability it can be used as a barrier to fire. Even the dry wood of Tamarix due to its high ash (30-40%) and higher salt content of its foliage makes it difficult to burn. After a fire it usually regrows unless the root crown is also destroyed. Ref:http://www.fs.fed.us/database/feis/plants/tree/tamaph/all.html
Within these regions it has spread, most dramatically and noticeably in central Australia after floods of 1974 along the Finke River in the Northern Territory. Since then it has become a serious weed and invasive species in the Northern Territory and Western Australia. The species had been present for many decades without much spread before this. It tends to use more water than most native plants in Australia, which it outcompetes. It has replaced the indigenous eucalyptus along watercourses in the interior. It has been declared a Weed of National Significance in Australia.
It is commonly used for windbreaks on the edges of agricultural fields and as a shade tree in the deserts of the Southwestern United States. This species has not naturalized in areas of the United States where it is grown, unlike several other species that are serious invasive species.
Chemistry.
2,6-Digalloyl glucose and 3,6-digalloyl glucose are gallotannins found in galls of "T. aphylla"

</doc>
<doc id="18331880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331880" title="Bethlehem Lutheran Church">
Bethlehem Lutheran Church

Bethlehem Lutheran Church is a common name for many churches in the United States. Some notable ones include:

</doc>
<doc id="18331886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331886" title="Gary E. Stevenson">
Gary E. Stevenson

Gary Evan Stevenson (born August 5, 1955) has been a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) since April 2008. He is currently the church's Presiding Bishop and is the fourteenth man to serve in this position.
Stevenson was born in Ogden, Utah. He was an LDS Church missionary in the Japan Fukuoka Mission in the mid-1970s. After this, he attended the Jon M. Huntsman School of Business at Utah State University where he met his wife, the former Lesa Jean Higley. They were married in the Idaho Falls Idaho Temple and have four sons.
Prior to his call as a general authority, Stevenson worked as the chief operating officer of ICON Health & Fitness. He has also served on the Marriott School of Management National Advisory Council and the Utah State University Foundation Board.
In the LDS Church, Stevenson has served as a bishop and a counselor in a stake presidency. He served as president of the Japan Nagoya Mission from 2004 to 2007.
Stevenson became a member of the LDS Church's First Quorum of the Seventy at the April 2008 general conference. During his time in the Seventy, Stevenson served both as a counselor and as president of the church's Asia North Area. On 31 March 2012, he was released from the First Quorum of the Seventy and sustained as the church's Presiding Bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="18331902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331902" title="Corruption in South Africa">
Corruption in South Africa

Corruption in South Africa includes the private use of public resources, bribery and improper favouritism. The 2012 Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Index assigned South Africa an index of 4.3, ranking South Africa 69th out of 176 countries (tied with Brazil and Macedonia.
Corruption in South Africa.
Two forms of corruption are particularly prevalent in South Africa:
Tenderpreneurism.
Tenderpreneur is a term that describes individuals who enrich themselves through corrupting the awarding of government tender contracts, mostly based on personal connections and corrupt relationships - although outright bribery might also take place - and sometimes involving an elected or politically appointed official (or his or her family members) holding simultaneous business interests. This is often accompanied by overcharging and shoddy workmanship. 
BEE Fronting.
BEE-fronting is an abuse of the rules governing Black Economic Empowerment (BEE), where qualifying persons are given a seat on the Board of Directors of a company while having no decision-making power in the company, in order to qualify the company for government contracts in terms of BEE.
Anti-corruption initiatives.
Government initiatives against corruption are coordinated by the Department of Public Service and Administration.
The Public Protector also plays a role in fighting corruption.

</doc>
<doc id="18331910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331910" title="Aurora Inn">
Aurora Inn

The Aurora Inn was built in 1833 at Aurora, Cayuga County, New York for Edwin B. Morgan, a local businessman involved in trade and shipping on Cayuga Lake, one of the seven Finger Lakes. Aurora served as a port for shipping goods up the lake and through the Erie Canal to New York City and other major markets. Originally named Aurora House, the Aurora Inn was set on the shores of Cayuga Lake.
It is a contributing property in the Aurora Village-Wells College Historic District, listed on November 19, 1980 on the National Register of Historic Places.
History of the Aurora Inn.
E.B. Morgan was operator of the Morgan Store with his brothers. He made his wealth with trade and shipping from Aurora on Cayuga Lake and the Erie Canal. It was a busy port in the mid-19th century and local entrepreneurs created national businesses. Morgan had far-reaching ventures: he was an early investor in the New York Times and American Express, the latter founded by his good friend Henry Wells. He served as a director on Wells' express mail and banking company, Wells Fargo & Company, founded to serve California. Morgan's former home, the EB Morgan House, a lakefront mansion designed by New York City architect Joseph C. Davis, which is also in the historic district, has recently been renovated as a luxury bed and breakfast.
During the 19th century's busy years, the Aurora Inn was a favored overnight destination for travelers borne by stagecoach, canal boat and rail. Soon after the Aurora Inn's opening, an article in the local newspaper noted the Inn's "regularity, neatness and order exhibited everywhere – as well as the thousand little attentions which are paid to the comfort and convenience of travelers." The writer also admired the Aurora Inn's "uninterrupted view of the water scenery of the most enchanting kind" and its "elegance scarcely surpassed by the most extensive houses of our large towns."
When a fire destroyed the main building at Wells College in 1888, many students lived temporarily at the Aurora Inn. They renamed it the Wayside Inn.
Fire struck again in the early hours of February 27, 1919, destroying Aurora's tiny business district between the old post office and the Aurora Inn. When the south cornices of the Inn caught fire, Wells College President Kerr Duncan McMillan climbed on to the roof and doused the fire with buckets of water handed to him by the village brigade. Today charred beams remain under the roof as a reminder of the Aurora Inn's narrow escape.
Since the early 20th century, the inn was a popular spot for students and families from Wells College, Cornell University, and other nearby colleges. In 1943, the Aurora Inn was deeded to Wells College. In the 1960s, when enrollment increased rapidly, the Inn served as a makeshift residence hall.
Because of regional economic issues and travel patterns, the Aurora Inn struggled financially starting in the 1970s. A drain on the college's resources, the Inn had to be closed several times during the last three decades, most recently in October 2000.
Aurora Inn today.
The Aurora Foundation, a partnership between Wells College and the Pleasant Rowland Foundation, renovated the Aurora Inn in 2001 to redevelop it for lodging, dining and special events. Finished in 2003, the Aurora Inn had 10 guest rooms, a new restaurant with lakeside veranda dining, and banquet room for special occasions. A stone terrace, lawns, and gardens were created to link the inn to the shores of Cayuga Lake.
The Aurora Inn renovation team included Pleasant Rowland, Katie Waller(Director of Aurora Foundation) and Steve McGlynn(Project Manager), Holt Architects of Ithaca, McGlynn Interiors of Skaneateles and Northeast Construction Services of Syracuse. The original fireplaces, woodwork and other architectural details were reused whenever possible. When they could not be reused, they were reproduced. Historic photographs and etchings guided the exterior changes. The interior was remodeled to meet current code requirements and accommodate contemporary traveler needs.
The Aurora Inn's public rooms are decorated with antiques, Oriental rugs, and comfortable furnishings. Its public spaces also feature a collection of historic and contemporary art. The Aurora Inn restaurant serves breakfast, lunch and dinner daily. A porch and tree-shaded veranda allow outdoor dining during warmer months.

</doc>
<doc id="18331919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331919" title="Temperanceville, Virginia">
Temperanceville, Virginia

Temperanceville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 358.

</doc>
<doc id="18331937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331937" title="Atlantic, Virginia">
Atlantic, Virginia

Atlantic is an unincorporated census-designated place in Accomack County, Virginia. As of the 2010 census, its population was 862.

</doc>
<doc id="18331945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331945" title="Cashville, Virginia">
Cashville, Virginia

Cashville is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18331951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331951" title="Clam, Virginia">
Clam, Virginia

Clam is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18331967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331967" title="Craddockville, Virginia">
Craddockville, Virginia

Craddockville is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia, United States.
Edmund Bayly House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18331968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331968" title="Ascaric (disambiguation)">
Ascaric (disambiguation)

Ascaric, Ascarich, or Anscharic (, , ) is a Germanic name which appears in Latin sources as "Asacarius", "Assacarius", "Assaccarius", "Ascaricus", or "Askericus". It is a compound name derived from Protogermanic "asca-", "ash," probably species of Fraxinus, meaning also "spear," and Protogermanic "-ric" < Celtic "*rig-", meaning "ruler." Asca- may allude to the spear of "*Wodanaz", a symbol of his inspirational power, or the name of the first man in the Germanic creation myth. "-Ric" was a common name suffix among early Germanic and Celtic men of status. Ascaric was used mainly by the Franks and Visigoths. It can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18331975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18331975" title="Daugherty, Virginia">
Daugherty, Virginia

Daugherty is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18332007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332007" title="Deep Creek, Accomack County, Virginia">
Deep Creek, Accomack County, Virginia

Deep Creek is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 115.

</doc>
<doc id="18332018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332018" title="Gargatha, Virginia">
Gargatha, Virginia

Gargatha is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 381.

</doc>
<doc id="18332024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332024" title="Vladimir Brukhti">
Vladimir Brukhti

Vladimir Petrovich Brukhti (; born 11 June 1945) is an Azerbaijani footballer. Brukhti played for Neftchi Baku as a defenseman from 1963 to 1972. He was classified as a Master of Sport of the USSR in 1966 following Neftchi's third-place finish in the Soviet Top League that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18332032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332032" title="Greenbush, Virginia">
Greenbush, Virginia

Greenbush is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 220.
Hills Farm was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18332046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332046" title="Guilford, Virginia">
Guilford, Virginia

Guilford is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.
Mason House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18332057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332057" title="Harborton, Virginia">
Harborton, Virginia

Harborton is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 131.

</doc>
<doc id="18332061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332061" title="Port Griffith, Pennsylvania">
Port Griffith, Pennsylvania

Port Griffith is an unincorporated community found within the Greater Pittston town of Jenkins Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Geography.
Port Griffith is located at (41.310914, -75.810472) in the Greater Pittston Area of Jenkins Township. Its elevation is 643 feet (196 m). Port Griffith can be found bordering the Susquehanna River.
History.
On January 22, 1959, a cave-in occurred at the Knox Coal Mine in Greater Pittston's Port Griffith. Twelve people died, 69 others escaped. One miner, Amadeo Pancotti, was awarded the Carnegie Medal for leading 32 miners to safety. The bodies of the twelve who died were never recovered, despite efforts of divers and an attempt to pump the water out of the mining shafts. The Knox Mine Disaster essentially shut down the mining industry in Northeastern Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18332068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332068" title="Luffenham railway station">
Luffenham railway station

Luffenham railway station is a former station of the Syston and Peterborough Railway serving the villages of North and South Luffenham, Rutland. The station was situated adjacent to a level crossing on the North Luffenham to Duddington road. It was about 0.8 miles from each village by road, although only 0.5 miles from South Luffenham by the public footpath that was soon established (and which still exists). It also became the junction for the London and North Western Railway's Rugby and Stamford Railway in 1850.
The substantial station buildings were of Italianate design and there was a goods shed next to the platform. There were three lines through the station, that for the main platform being a loop. There were sidings to both sides and originally two signal boxes, one of which was removed in the early 20th century. All of the local trains and many of the semi fasts called at the station. It closed to goods in 1964 and to passengers in 1966.
At grouping in 1923 it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway.
The line from Seaton was closed and lifted in 1966, but the main Midland line is still in operation for trains from Leicester to Peterborough.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18332069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332069" title="Hopeton, Virginia">
Hopeton, Virginia

Hopeton is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18332070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332070" title="Blood for a Silver Dollar">
Blood for a Silver Dollar

Un dollaro bucato (also known as One Silver Dollar or Blood for a Silver Dollar) is a 1965 Italo-French Spaghetti Western film, directed by Giorgio Ferroni. Its stars Giuliano Gemma. On release in the United States, nearly all of the cast members and production team had their names changed for the English audience. In France the film is known as "Le Dollar troué". Gemma was billed as Montgomery Wood as with many of his others. The title song had a successful cover version by Nini Rosso. The original title music, composed by Gianni Ferrio, was used in Quentin Tarantino's "Inglourious Basterds" soundtrack. Some of Ferrio's remaining themes are also featured in the videogame "Red Dead Revolver".
Story.
Giuliano Gemma plays a Confederate soldier who returns from the war to fight one at home. Prior to his release from the Prisoner of War camp his pistol has its barrel sawn off. 
He is informed of a new gangster in town named "Black Jack" who has wreaked havoc in the community. Gemma agrees to kill the man, only to discover too late that the outlaw is actually his brother, which his employers had known all along. With vengeance he turns on his employers, who then shoot him.

</doc>
<doc id="18332085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332085" title="Aleksandar Tonev">
Aleksandar Tonev

Aleksandar Antonov Tonev (; born 3 February 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a winger for Aston Villa in the Premier League and the Bulgaria national football team.
Club career.
CSKA Sofia.
Tonev was raised in CSKA Sofia's youth teams. He made his first team debut in a 3–1 league win over Belasitsa Petrich on 8 March 2008, coming on as a substitute for Chigozie Udoji. Tonev got his chance in CSKA's first team after the sale of many players in the summer of 2008. He played in the club's first fixture in the 2008–09 season against Litex Lovech on 3 August 2008. His team won the game and won the Bulgarian Supercup for the third time.
After Lyuboslav Penev replaced Dimitar Penev as head coach of CSKA Sofia, Tonev appeared in the match groups more often and often came in as a substitute for his team. On 22 April 2009, Tonev scored his first 2 goals for CSKA, securing a brace in the 4–1 away win against Vihren Sandanski.
He was loaned to OFC Sliven 2000 for the 2009–10 season, where he is likely to receive more chances to play. He was recalled from his loan to the team from Sliven for the 2010–11 season.
Lech Poznań.
On 16 June 2011 Tonev signed with Polish Ekstraklasa club Lech Poznań. He made his debut on 29 July 2011, coming on in 75th minute, replacing Jakub Wilk in a game against ŁKS Łódź. Lech Poznań won the game 5–0.
On 26 July 2012, Tonev scored his first ever European goal, netting the only goal in a 1–0 home victory over Azerbaijani club Khazar Lankaran in the second qualifying round of Europa League. On 25 August, Tonev netted his first Ekstraklasa goal of the 2012–13 season as he scored a 25-yard winning strike in a 2–1 away victory over Polonia Warsaw.
Aston Villa.
On 7 June 2013, Tonev signed for Aston Villa.
International career.
On 4 September 2009, Tonev scored his first goal for the Bulgaria U21 in the 3–0 home win against Kazakhstan U21 in a UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualifier. On 9 September 2009, he was sent off for a dangerous tackle on Guillermo Molins in the 90th minute of the 1–2 away loss to Sweden U21. On 9 February 2011, Tonev scored a goal in a friendly match against Cameroon.
Tonev made his debut for the Bulgarian national team in a 0–1 home loss against Wales on 11 October 2011. On 22 March 2013, he scored his first international goals as he netted a hat-trick (the first one in his career) during a 6–0 home win over Malta in the World Cup 2014 qualifying match.

</doc>
<doc id="18332097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332097" title="Mitinskoe Cemetery">
Mitinskoe Cemetery

Mitinskoe Cemetery () is a cemetery located in Moscow's North-Western administrative district. It was established on September 15, 1978. A Russian Orthodox church, which was built in 1998, is located on its grounds and has been visited several times by Patriarch Alexius II. The cemetery has a total area of and is the final resting place of 28 firefighters who died of burns while putting out the flames of the Chernobyl disaster, as well as eminent Soviet and Russian cultural, scientific, and military figures (including several Heroes of the Soviet Union and Russian Federation). Each year at 10 a.m. on September 3, crowds gather at the cemetery and light thousands of candles in memory of the victims of the Beslan school hostage crisis.

</doc>
<doc id="18332102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332102" title="Horntown, Virginia">
Horntown, Virginia

Horntown is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 574.

</doc>
<doc id="18332107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332107" title="Edith Abney-Hastings, 12th Countess of Loudoun">
Edith Abney-Hastings, 12th Countess of Loudoun

Edith Maud Abney-Hastings, 12th Countess of Loudoun (13 May 1883 – 24 February 1960) was a British peeress.
Family.
She was the first daughter and coheiress of Hon. Paulyn Abney-Hastings (the second son of Charles Abney-Hastings, 1st Baron Donington and Edith Rawdon-Hastings, 10th Countess of Loudoun) and his wife, Lady Maud "née" Grimston (the third daughter of James Grimston, 2nd Earl of Verulam).
On 12 December 1916, she married Captain Reginald Huddleston, who adopted his wife's surname. They divorced in 1947 after having six children:
Peerages.
On 17 May 1920, she inherited the earldom of Loudoun from her childless uncle, Charles Clifton, 11th Earl of Loudoun. 
On 19 October that year, she and her sister, Viscountess St Davids, petitioned the Committee for Privileges for the baronies of Botreaux, Hungerford, de Moleyns, Hastings (de Hastings) and Hastings (de Hungerford), which were abeyant between them and their other sister, Lady Flora, since the death of the 11th Earl. They also petitioned for the baronies of Strange (de Knockyn) and Stanley as descendants of the last holder, Ferdinando Stanley, 5th Earl of Derby. The sisters were confirmed as co-heirs to the baronies on 17 December. On 23 February 1921, the viscountess was granted the baronies of Hungerford, de Moleyns and Strange (de Knockyn), whilst those of Botreaux, Stanley and Hastings (de Hastings) were granted to the countess on 7 March.
On 23 June that year, the two sisters also petitioned for the earldoms of Warwick and Salisbury, and for the baronies of Montagu, Montacute, Monthermer and Pole of Montagu, as descendants of Edward Plantagenet, 17th Earl of Warwick and Margaret Pole, 8th Countess of Salisbury, and for the latters attainders to be reversed. However, James Gascoyne-Cecil, 4th Marquess of Salisbury and Francis Greville, 5th Earl of Warwick counter-petitioned and the attainders were not reversed.
On Lady Loudoun's death in 1960, her earldom passed to her eldest surviving child, Lady Barbara, whilst her English baronies became abeyant again, between her five daughters.
The Great Fire.
On 1 December 1941, the family comprising the Countess Edith, her daughters and infant granddaughter Sheena, were sleeping in their rooms under the first floor library in Loudoun Castle. Heating was by coal and log fires and it is thought that burning resin came back down the library chimney setting the wooden floor alight. The resulting fire destroyed the building, except for the stone walls.
No one from the family has slept in the castle since that night. In 1995 the castle grounds were converted into a popular amusement park.

</doc>
<doc id="18332108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332108" title="Horsey, Virginia">
Horsey, Virginia

Horsey is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18332113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332113" title="Wakerley and Barrowden railway station">
Wakerley and Barrowden railway station

Wakerley and Barrowden railway station is a former railway station in Wakerley, Northamptonshire, England which also served the nearby village of Barrowden, Rutland. It was owned by the London and North Western Railway but from 1883 to 1916 was also served by trains of the Great Northern Railway.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18332115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332115" title="Lee Mont, Virginia">
Lee Mont, Virginia

Lee Mont is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 125.

</doc>
<doc id="18332121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332121" title="Locustville, Virginia">
Locustville, Virginia

Locustville is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18332126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332126" title="Sunday Street (album)">
Sunday Street (album)

Sunday Street is an album by American folk and blues singer Dave Van Ronk, released in 1976.
History.
"Sunday Street" is Van Ronk and his guitar only. He takes on some ragtime with favorites such as "The Pearls" and "Maple Leaf Rag" as well as a return to more traditional folk and blues.
"Sunday Street" was re-released on CD in 1999.
Reception.
Allmusic stated in their review "Van Ronk never hid his influences, but he never sounded exactly like them, either, and on this album he was very much himself. Maybe it is his greatest single album; it is certainly one of his most representative."

</doc>
<doc id="18332141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332141" title="Mundial">
Mundial

Mundial may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18332155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332155" title="Star Fucking Hipsters">
Star Fucking Hipsters

Star Fucking Hipsters is a punk rock band from New York City who have released albums on Fat Wreck Chords and Alternative Tentacles records. They have been called a "punk supergroup" and feature members from numerous notable bands including Leftöver Crack, Ensign, and The Ergs!
History.
Initial formation (2005).
The band was started in 2005 by Leftöver Crack vocalist/guitarist Stza, and drummer Brandon Chevalier-Kolling. However, they were derailed shortly afterward due to the death of Brandon. Stza decided to continue the band with a line-up consisting of vocalist Kisston (from Help Me Help Me I Can't Breathe), guitarist Jamie Toulon (from Old Skull), and drummer GiGi (from Another Dying Democracy). This line-up played two shows in the summer of 2005 before disbanding.
Until We're Dead (2006–2009).
The following year, Stza wrote and rehearsed seven new songs with Leftöver Crack drummer Ara Babajian and Ensign guitarist Frank Piegaro. Three of these songs were chosen for inclusion on "Deadline", Leftöver Crack's split album with Citizen Fish, while the remaining four became the basis for the first Star Fucking Hipsters record. The band continued with an entirely new group of musicians, consisting of Stza, Babajian, Piegaro, vocalist Nico de Gaillo (from Casa De Chihuahua) and bassist Yula Beeri (from The World Inferno Friendship Society and Nanuchka). Their debut album was released by Fat Wreck Chords on September 30, 2008, entitled "Until We're Dead", though it was originally to be titled "Allergic To People".
On December 23, 2008, the band released a music video for "Two Cups of Tea". Babajian and Beeri left the band shortly afterwards and were replaced by drummer Brian ”Pnut” Kozuch and bassist Chris Pothier, of the band BIG Attack!.
Never Rest in Peace (2009–2011).
The band's second album, "Never Rest In Peace", was released on October 20, 2009 by Alternative Tentacles. A music video for the song "3000 Miles Away" was recorded in November 2009 and was premiered by Punknews.org in January 2010. The video also features actor Ethan Suplee. During this time the band was featured in Tao Lin's 2009 novella, Shoplifting from American Apparel, in which they performed a midnight set at "The Kickstand" at The Fest 7 in Gainesville, Florida.
From the Dumpster to the Grave (2011–present).
Their third album was originally to be titled "Ska Fucking Hipsters", but has now been retitled "From the Dumpster to the Grave". For the recording of the album Mikey Erg, formerly of The Ergs!, joined the band, replacing P.Nut as drummer. It was revealed that folk punk/anarcho-punk band Blackbird Raum and Boots Riley of political hip hop group The Coup will be contributing to the new album, amongst others.
On March 27, 2011 the band announced via Facebook that Nico was leaving the band, saying: "We're sad to announce the departure of Nico de Gallo from our line-up after over three years of happy fun tymes! She will be missed by all. Starting on Tuesday, Kelsy from the Oakland super-group Chump-Change will be assuming co-lead vocals with myself, your humble newscaster, Sturgil Crizil." Though she had departed and was quickly replaced, Nico had already recorded all of her vocals for the band's third album From the Dumpster to the Grave.
It was also announced on April 5, 2011 via Facebook that the band are releasing a split 7" with hardcore punk/thrash band Jesus Fucking Christ through Inimical Records. SFH will be contributing three songs to the split, one of which will be a cover of Rudimentary Peni's "Media Person". The 7" will be released on June 26, 2012.
"From the Dumpster to the Grave" was released on October 11, 2011, on Fat Wreck Chords. The subsequent record release party was the band's last show of the year.They have also been confirmed to play the Rebellion festival in 2012 alongside friends Choking Victim who are playing as The Choking Victim Show. This will be a first for both bands as Stza is in Star Fucking Hipsters and The Choking Victim Show.

</doc>
<doc id="18332158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332158" title="Ascaric (bishop of Palencia)">
Ascaric (bishop of Palencia)

Ascaric (, ), a Visigoth, was the fourth known Bishop of Palencia from about 639 to about 673. He only appears as a signatory of the canons of the Eighth Council of Toledo in 653. A local tradition, however, places him at the side of king Wamba during the Septimanian rebellion of Paul and Hilderic in 672. To Ascaric is sometimes credited the reedification of Palencia and the deposition of the relics of Antoninus of Pamiers in the Crypt of San Antolín.

</doc>
<doc id="18332162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332162" title="Newport West railway station">
Newport West railway station

Newport West railway station is a proposed station to serve the western suburbs of the city of Newport, Wales. The Newport City Council unitary development plan sets aside an area in Coedkernew adjacent to the Great Western Main Line for the station. As of May 2008 three parcels of land have been acquired by the urban regeneration company Newport Unlimited at the site of the station. The Network Rail Route Utilisation Strategy published in November 2008 confirms the SEWTA aspiration for a station in Coedkernew.

</doc>
<doc id="18332170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332170" title="1990 Denver Broncos season">
1990 Denver Broncos season

The 1990 Denver Broncos season was the team's 31st year in professional football and its 21st with the National Football League (NFL). 

</doc>
<doc id="18332172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332172" title="King's Cliffe railway station">
King's Cliffe railway station

King's Cliffe railway station is a former railway station in King's Cliffe, Northamptonshire. It was owned by the London and North Western Railway, being situated on their line between and Peterborough, but from 1883 to 1916 was also served by trains of the Great Northern Railway.
The station was opened on 1 November 1879 and closed to passengers on 6 June 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="18332184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332184" title="1992 Denver Broncos season">
1992 Denver Broncos season

The 1992 Denver Broncos season was the team's 33rd year in professional football and its 23rd with the National Football League (NFL).

</doc>
<doc id="18332185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332185" title="WKTT">
WKTT

WKTT could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18332189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332189" title="Bache-Gabrielsen">
Bache-Gabrielsen

Bache-Gabrielsen (marketed in France under the name Dupuy) is a brand of cognac that is over 100 years old. The brand was originally marketed as Rustad & Bache-Gabrielsen in Norway. Today, it is consistently the top selling cognac in Norway, selling over one million bottles annually.
Bache-Gabrielsen’s cognacs are so beloved in Norway that it even has a large and active fan club.
Awards.
The home of Bache-Gabrielsen is in Cognac, France.
History.
Falling in love with a beautiful French woman was the reason why Thomas Bache-Gabrielsen from Holmestrand, Norway set up in the heart of Cognac. By working hard and making wise choices, Thomas Bache-Gabrielsen and Peter Anton Rustad from Ås became the owners of the Dupuy cognac house. After a while they set their sights on the Scandinavian market. Four generations later, millions of people regularly enjoy the drinks produced by this quality conscious, traditional company.
The fairytale started over 100 years ago–in 1905. The young Lieutenant, Thomas Bache-Gabrielsen, left the army when he was 20 and traveled to Cognac in order to acquire some practical working experience in a foreign country that appealed to both his heart and his brain. Peter Anton Rustad a Norwegian from Ås in the county of Akershus had already arrived in the region in 1893, and in 1905 he purchased A. Edmond Dupuy, a trading company that had been formed in 1852, and chose Thomas as his partner in the venture. In 1906, Thomas settled in Cognac for good when he married Miss Odette Villard who came from a vineyard just outside Cognac. With their marriage in 1906 and the new business, any plans to return permanently to Norway were abandoned. The couple had three sons, René, who took over the running of the company, Eric, who became a lawyer, and Guy, who became a doctor. All three sons left behind large families in France. Even though Thomas lived in France, he was keen to teach his children about Norwegian traditions, i.e. the outdoor life, Norwegian food and Norwegian Christmas customs, and his home offered hospitality to young Norwegians in Cognac. Thomas remained a Norwegian citizen and was often called home to undertake refresher military service. He also maintained contact with his Norwegian family, and this contact has been upheld by subsequent generations of the Bache-Gabrielsen family.
During the first few years, their cognac was marketed under the name of Rustad & Bache-Gabrielsen, in addition to the company name Dupuy. Their connections with Scandinavia were extremely good, and this was where they acquired their first stable markets. Peter Rustad, who had served as the Norwegian Consul in Cognac, died in a motorcycle accident in 1916, and Thomas Bache-Gabrielsen was forced to continue the business on his own. The cognac house is currently run by Thomas Bache-Gabrielsen’s grandson, Christian, who will in time hand over the helm to his son Hervé. Bache-Gabrielsen is a medium-sized, fourth generation family company that has been extremely successful on both the Norwegian/Scandinavian markets and elsewhere.
Sponsorships.
Currently, Bache-Gabrielsen Cognac sponsors the Milwaukee Bucks NBA basketball team and a Bache themed bar at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee, Wisconsin USA.
They are also sponsors of the Hostfest- North America's Largest Scandinavian Festival in Minot, North Dakota, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="18332207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332207" title="Macedonia, Virginia">
Macedonia, Virginia

Macedonia is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia, US.

</doc>
<doc id="18332210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332210" title="Nassington railway station">
Nassington railway station

Nassington railway station is a former railway station in Nassington, Northamptonshire. It was owned by the London and North Western Railway but from 1883 to 1916 was also served by trains of the Great Northern Railway.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18332214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332214" title="Radiation Therapy Oncology Group">
Radiation Therapy Oncology Group

"The Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) was initially organized in 1968 under the direction of Dr. Simon Kramer as a national cooperative group for the purpose of conducting radiation therapy research and clinical investigations. Funding from the National Cancer Institute (NCI) began in 1971. The group has grown considerably since the activation of its first study in 1968, an adjuvant methotrexate study for head and neck cancer. The methotrexate study employed combinations of radiation, methotrexate and surgery in the treatment of advanced head and neck cancer, and is considered a milestone in interdisciplinary clinical efforts. The over 700 patients accessed to this study formed the baseline for many of the clinical investigations in the area of head and neck cancer."
"Since its inception the Group has activated 300 protocols and accrued a total of about 60,000 patients to cooperative group studies."
"The Group Headquarters and Statistical Unit are located at the offices of the American College of Radiology in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The Headquarters Office has been in Philadelphia since the Group's inception, while the current Statistical Unit was formed in 1982."

</doc>
<doc id="18332217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332217" title="Mappsburg, Virginia">
Mappsburg, Virginia

Mappsburg is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 60.

</doc>
<doc id="18332223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332223" title="Mappsville, Virginia">
Mappsville, Virginia

Mappsville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population at the 2010 Census was 440.
Wharton Place was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18332238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332238" title="Mears Station, Virginia">
Mears Station, Virginia

Mears Station is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18332244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332244" title="Modest Town, Virginia">
Modest Town, Virginia

Modest Town is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 149.

</doc>
<doc id="18332245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332245" title="HTMS Naresuan">
HTMS Naresuan

HTMS (His Thai Majesty's Ship) "Naresuan" (FFG 421), (Thai: นเรศวร) hull number 621, commissioned in 1995, is a modified version of the Chinese-made Type 053 frigate, corporate designed between Royal Thai Navy and China but built by the China State Shipbuilding Corporation in Shanghai. Her sister ship, HTMS "Taksin" was delivered in November 1995. The ships came at 2 billion baht each, much less than the 8 billion baht price tag for Western-built frigates. 
When Thailand ordered four new 053 frigates in 1990, China built them to the (then) latest 053H2 (Jianghu III) standard. Two were modified with helicopter decks in the back. Although the price was excellent (2 billion baht each, compared to 8 billion baht for western ships), the Thai Navy complained of quality issues. The interior wiring was exposed and had to be re-wired. The ship's battle damage control system was very limited, with poor fire-suppression system and water-tight locks. It's said that if the ship's hull was breached, rapid flooding would lead to loss of ship. The Thai Navy had to spent considerable time and effort to correct some of these issues.
The harsh criticisms lead to many improvements in China's shipbuilding industry. By the mid-1990s, the Thai Navy was confident enough to order two enlarged 053 hulls (F25T), later named HTMS Naresuan and HTMS Taksin, to be fitted with western engines and weapon systems. 
Upgrade.
On 3 June 2011, Saab announced that it was awarded a contract for the upgrading of the two Naresuan class frigates. The scope of the upgrade will include Saab's 9LV MK4 combat management system, Sea Giraffe AMB, CEROS 200 fire control radar, EOS 500 electro-optics system and data link systems for communications with the newly acquired Royal Thai Air Force Erieye surveillance aircraft.
On 8 August 2012, DSCA announced Thailand's intention to acquire the Evolved Sea Sparrow missile and associated equipment to upgrade the frigates and a Letter of Offer and Acceptance was signed with Raytheon on 14 January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18332248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332248" title="Nelsonia, Virginia">
Nelsonia, Virginia

Nelsonia is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 523.

</doc>
<doc id="18332261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332261" title="New Church, Virginia">
New Church, Virginia

New Church is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 205.
Pitts Neck was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18332265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332265" title="Dul">
Dul

Dul may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18332270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332270" title="Bodești River">
Bodești River

The Bodești River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18332272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332272" title="George C. Rable">
George C. Rable

George C. Rable is the Charles Summersell Professor of Southern History at the University of Alabama. Education: B.A. Bluffton College, 1972, M.A. Louisiana State University, 1973, Ph.D Louisiana State University, 1978 Harry Williams student His 2002 book "Fredericksburg! Fredericksburg!", is notable for winning the 2003 Lincoln Prize, a $50,000 award for excellence in Civil War scholarship. The book is notable for retaining a traditional military analysis of the Civil War while exploring the social context and importance of the conflict. The book was also awarded the Jefferson Davis Award and the Douglas Southall Freeman Award. and the Society for Military History's Distinguished Book Award in American Military History Rable's other books include "The Confederate Republic: A Revolution Against Politics" (1994) and "Civil Wars: Women and the Crisis of Southern Nationalism" (1989). His most recent book is God's Almost Chosen Peoples: A Religious History of the American Civil War (2010) which won the Jefferson Davis Award and was a Choice Outstanding Academic Title. He is a past president of the Society of Civil War Historians and at the University of Alabama has received the Burnum Distinguished Faculty Award and the Blackmon-Moody Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18332281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332281" title="Castor railway station">
Castor railway station

Castor Railway Station was a station serving the villages Castor and Ailsworth in Cambridgeshire. It was on the old London and North Western Railway Northampton to Peterborough line. On 3 January 1945 the station was badly damaged by a V1 attack. The Wansford to Peterborough section closed in 1966, but has since been reopened as the Nene Valley Railway, although Castor station itself remains closed.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18332286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332286" title="Philip Sainton">
Philip Sainton

Philip Prosper Sainton (10 November 1891 – 2 September 1967) was a British–French composer, conductor, and violist.
Biography.
He was born in Arques-la-Bataille, in Seine-Maritime, France, grandson to violinist Prosper Sainton and contralto Charlotte Helen Sainton-Dolby. He started his music studies learning the violin. At some point he entered the Royal Academy of Music in London, where he studied composition under Frederick Corder and viola under Lionel Tertis. Shortly after World War I, he joined the Queen's Hall orchestra, which he relinquished in 1929 to replace H. Waldo Warner in the London Quartet. In 1925 he was also appointed principal viola of the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. In 1930, after the "London Quartet"'s tour of the United States, he joined the BBC Symphony Orchestra. His composition activities had begun early. Already by 1923 he had conducted his first orchestral work, "Sea Pictures", at Queen's Hall promenade concerts. In 1935, Sir Henry Wood conducted the premiere of his "Serenade Fantastique" with Bernard Shore playing the viola. He was professor at the Guildhall School of Music.
Today, he is perhaps most remembered as the composer of the score for John Huston's 1956 film "Moby Dick". He died in Petersfield, Hampshire in England.
Works.
Stage
Orchestral
Chamber music
Vocal
Film music
Orchestrations of works by Jack Sydney Gerber

</doc>
<doc id="18332287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332287" title="Old Trower, Virginia">
Old Trower, Virginia

Old Trower is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18332291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332291" title="SS Clan Alpine">
SS Clan Alpine

Clan Alpine was the name of five steamships of the Clan Line

</doc>
<doc id="18332295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332295" title="Pungoteague, Virginia">
Pungoteague, Virginia

Pungoteague is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 347.
The name itself is a derivative of the Indian term “Pungotekw,” which means Sand Fly River and is the name used by the earliest inhabitants.
In late summer of 1665, William Darby and two of his friends dared present a play at Folkes Tavern. Entitled The Bear and the Cub, this drama is believed to have been the first theater performance in the New World.
Another notable local landmark is Saint George’s Church. It is believed that the first meetings of the Pungoteague Episcopal congregation were held in 1636, with the church’s first building being constructed from 1666 to 1676. The original frame church was replaced in 1736 by a brick structure in the Flemish-bond pattern. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. Shepherd's Plain was added in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18332306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332306" title="Annandale Water services">
Annandale Water services

Annandale Water services is a motorway service station in the village of Johnstonebridge, Scotland. The service station is located next to the A74(M) motorway and is accessed using motorway junction 16 in both the northbound and southbound directions. It is owned by RoadChef. The current site was opened in Easter 1995.
Facilities.
The service area comprises a main service station building, a BP filling station, a Days Inn and the adjacent Annandale Water lake. Within the main building there is a Costa Coffee outlet, McDonald's restaurant & WH Smith newsagents.

</doc>
<doc id="18332362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332362" title="Sri (1999 film)">
Sri (1999 film)

Sri is a 1999 Indonesian film directed by Marselli Sumarno. It was Indonesia's submission to the 72nd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18332369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332369" title="255th Indian Tank Brigade">
255th Indian Tank Brigade

The 255th Indian Tank Brigade was an armoured brigade of the Indian Army during World War II. It was part of the Fourteenth Army and saw action in the Burma Campaign. 255th Tank Brigade's tactical sign was a black bull, with yellow horns and red eyes, on a royal blue triangle. The Brigade fought with the 17th Indian Infantry Division in Burma and was involved in the Battle of Meiktila, the Battle of Pokoku and Irrawaddy River operations and during Operation Dracula.
The brigade was raised in June 1941 as 5th Indian Armoured Brigade and redesignated 255th Indian Armoured Brigade in October 1941.
The name was changed again to 255th Indian Tank Brigade in August 1944. In October 1944 it moved to the Imphal plain and came under command of IV Corps. The brigade crossed the Irrawaddy under command of the 17th Indian Division in February 1945.
The brigade was redesignated in June 1946 as 1st Armoured Brigade and assigned to the 1st Armoured Division, with which it was serving at Secunderabad when the Partition of India took place in August 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="18332370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332370" title="Webster's Falls">
Webster's Falls

Webster's Falls, noted for its panoramas, is a 22 metre high classical curtain/ plunge waterfall found in the Spencer Gorge/Webster's Falls Conservation Area in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. The water flows down Spencer Creek. In the past the falls have been known by various names such as "Dr. Hamilton's Falls", "Spencer Falls", "Hart Falls", "Fisher Falls" and "Flamborough Falls".
Within the associated park, there are washroom facilities, picnic tables (20) and sheltered areas at the top of Webster's Falls, as well as a parking area for up to 75 cars. The cobblestone footbridge, as well as a newer and narrower stone/concrete footbridge, crosses over Spencer Creek to the west side, which then leads to a series of 122-steps, allowing access down to the base of the falls.
A less popular, but still common, area of interest at the base of the falls is found around the edge of the cascade. Under the falls is niche worn behind the curtain. Due to the cap-rock on top of the falls being made of a more resistant material, the falls are neatly slotted underneath and allow people to view the falls from the opposite side. It can however be a dangerous endeavor and should not be attempted unless one is extremely cautious. It is never advisable to venture behind the falls during winter.
The Bruce Trail runs through this area. It is popular with hikers and family picnics. Improvements to the existing trail have been made on many occasions. Other nearby attractions include a convenience store and an antique shop.
Ownership.
Ownership of the land has changed several times. Originally the waterfall was known as Dr. Hamilton's falls, after Dr. James Hamilton purchased the land in 1818. The waterfall, and of the surrounding land, were purchased shortly after by Joseph Webster when his family arrived from England in 1820. The Webster family manor still stands on Webster's Falls Road, and their gravestones have been preserved in a small section just off the Bruce Trail, on the way to Tew's Falls. In the will of former Dundas Mayor, Colonel W.E.S. Knowles, a request to the town was issued asking for the area around Webster's Falls be made into a public park. A foundation was established to channel revenue into park improvements. In 1933, the grounds were landscaped, a stone bridge constructed across the creek above the falls, and an iron fence installed to make the viewing at the ledge safer. The current owner of the land is now the Hamilton Conservation Authority.
Webster's Falls in Popular Culture.
Webster's Falls, according to Joe Hollick, has the highest number of vintage postcards bearing its image; this suggests that it has been the most frequently visited waterfall in Hamilton for more than a century.
Webster's Falls is shown in the 2005 Sci-Fi movie "Descent", though it is portrayed as being an anonymous waterfall in the Pacific Northwest. During the movie a river of lava pours over the falls, nearly killing the star, Luke Perry.
Russian professor, Oleg Polyansky, was part of a team that had discovered water vapour on the sun when working in Waterloo. When giving lectures internationally about his discovery, he always uses an image of Webster's Falls as a key example.
"Baby Webster's Falls".
"Baby Webster's Falls" is a complex ribbon waterfall which has water mainly during seasonal storms and after the winter snow melts. Its height is 20 metres and its width is 3 metres (10 ft) It is located on a tributary of the Spencer Creek, on a separate ravine near Webster's Falls and can be seen from both the top and bottom of the gorge. It is located to the right and bottom of the stairway leading down to the base of the Webster's Falls and is often missed due to its relatively little water flow, particularly when compared to the main falls just to the left side of the stairway.
Directions.
In Hamilton, take Main Street West past McMaster University and straight into Dundas. Take it straight past the library and up the hill. There are signs pointing in the direction of the falls. Admission is $10 per vehicle and the parking lot is enough for 75 vehicles.
Webster's Falls can be reached from Tew's Falls via a 30 minute hike along the Bruce Trail. Alternatively, to reach Webster's Falls by car, take Highway 8 from Dundas. Keep right on "Brock Road" and go right at the light onto "Harvest Road". Turn right on "Short Road", then left onto "Fallsview". Keep following the signs all the way to the parking lot.
From Toronto you can go West on "Dundas Street" (Highway#5) until you turn south on "Brock Street" (To Greensville), left on "Harvest road."
External links.
Video clip.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18332376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332376" title="Cleveland International Piano Competition">
Cleveland International Piano Competition

The Cleveland International Piano Competition takes place biennially in Cleveland, Ohio. The initial Competition in 1975 and the nine others that followed were sponsored jointly by the Robert Casadesus Society and the Cleveland Institute of Music to honor the memory of French pianist Robert Casadesus. As a result, the Competition was then called the Casadesus International Piano Competition. In 1994, a new organization was formed: the Piano International Association of Northern Ohio (PIANO). 
The first Competition with the new name of “Cleveland” took place in August 1995. The 2001 Competition finals were held at Severance Hall with the Cleveland Competition Orchestra conducted by Jahja Ling. The success of this venture led to negotiations in 2003 with the Musical Arts Association resulting in the engagement of the Cleveland Orchestra to play for the four finalists at Severance Hall.
The Cleveland International Piano Competition is a member of the World Federation of International Music Competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="18332386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332386" title="Quinby, Virginia">
Quinby, Virginia

Quinby is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 282.

</doc>
<doc id="18332392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332392" title="Helpless Romantic">
Helpless Romantic

Helpless Romantic is the sixth studio album by Jon B. It was released on October 28, 2008. It's his second and final album for the independent record label Arsenal Records, following the Christmas album "" in 2006. "Helpless Romantic" was a concept album that revolved around his recent marriage to his new wife. The album was recorded at his personal recording studio/record label Vibezelect Studios in Pasadena, California.
References.
http://d2c.m.getmusic.com/artist/catalog/default/list?path=/live/artists/j/jon_b

</doc>
<doc id="18332394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332394" title="Mesa Historical Museum">
Mesa Historical Museum

The Mesa Historical Museum is a historical museum in Mesa, Arizona, United States. It was opened in 1987 by the Mesa Historical Society to preserve the history of Mesa, Arizona. 
The museum's exhibits include a comprehensive history of Mesa, a replica of an early adobe one-room schoolhouse, as well as three additional galleries of changing exhibits. The museum also maintains a large collection of historic agricultural equipment.
The museum buildings are in fact the museum's largest artifacts. The main museum building was built in 1913-1914 for use as the Lehi School. The auditorium was built in the 1930s as a Works Progress Administration project. Both of these buildings are on the National Register of Historic Places. 
In 2008, the museum began developing a popular exhibit about Spring Training (baseball) in Arizona, called "Play Ball: The Cactus League Experience." The exhibition has since expanded to locations throughout Maricopa County, with hopes of eventually filling its own museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18332395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332395" title="Sanford, Virginia">
Sanford, Virginia

Sanford is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 212.
Pocomoke Farm was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18332399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332399" title="Manitha Neethi Pasarai">
Manitha Neethi Pasarai

Manitha Neethi Pasarai, also known as MNP, is a muslim organisation in Tamil Nadu, India established in 2001, that has its stated objective as to "work on issues related to minorities and backward communities in Tamil Nadu. It runs a Tamil magazine called "Vidiyal Velli" highlighting various aspects of Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="18332402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332402" title="Marie of Cleves, Princess of Condé">
Marie of Cleves, Princess of Condé

Marie of Cleves or of Nevers ("Marie de Clèves", "Marie de Nevers") (1553–1574), by marriage the Princess of Condé, was the wife of Henry, Prince of Condé, and an early love interest of King Henry III of France. She was the last child of Francis I of Cleves, Duke of Nevers, and Margaret of Bourbon-Vendôme, elder sister of Antoine of Navarre.
Her older sisters were Henriette of Cleves and Catherine of Cleves. King Henry IV of France was her maternal first cousin, and Anne of Cleves, the fourth wife of Henry VIII of England, was her second cousin once removed. Her brothers-in-law were Henry I, Duke of Guise and Louis Gonzaga, Duke of Nevers.
She was brought up by her aunt Queen Joan III of Navarre, who raised her as a Calvinist. In 1572 she married in a Calvinist ceremony her first cousin, Henri I de Bourbon, prince de Condé, duc d'Enghien. A few months later, after the St. Batholomew massacre, the couple had forcibly been converted to Roman Catholicism and remarried according to Catholic rites. When her husband fled the court and rejoined the Protestant cause, she refused and stayed behind at court remaining a Catholic the rest of her life.
Known for her beauty, Marie caught the eye of the young Henry, Duke of Anjou, the future Henry III of France, sometime before 1574. Upon ascending the throne later that year, Henry intended to procure Marie a divorce from her husband and marry her himself; however, Marie died before he could implement his plan. Sources vary on her cause of death but it is given as either a lung infection or complications from childbirth as Marie had recently given birth to her and Henry's first child, Catherine (1574–1595), Marquise d'Isles.
Henry would go on to remarry Charlotte de la Trémoille (1568−1629), while the now King Henry III would mourn for several months and eventually marry Louise de Lorraine-Vaudémont, who greatly resembled Marie.

</doc>
<doc id="18332405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332405" title="Savageville, Virginia">
Savageville, Virginia

Savageville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 175.

</doc>
<doc id="18332411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332411" title="Biola Tak Berdawai">
Biola Tak Berdawai

Biola Tak Berdawai () is an Indonesian film directed by Sekar Ayu Asmara. It was released by Kalyana Shira Film on 22 March 2003, with wider release on 4 April. Telling the story of a rape victim who attempts to use music to heal an autistic boy, it was shown at the Cairo International Film Festival, where it secured a Best New Director award for Asmara. It was also Indonesia's submission to 76th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film.
Plot.
Renjani (Ria Irawan), a former ballerina and rape victim who aborted the resulting foetus, and Wid (Jajang C. Noer), a doctor and daughter of a prostitute, are two women who volunteer at an orphanage for children with several disabilities in Yogyakarta. One day, while practicing her dancing, Renjani notes that Dewa (Dicky Lebrianto), a tiny eight-year-old with autism and brain damage, is responding. This convinces her that music therapy could promote healing. Renjani later asks Bhisma (Nicholas Saputra), a violinist that she met by chance, to assist him; they later fall in love. After Bhisma writes a song, "Biola Tak Berdawai", for Dewa, he prepares for a recital. Renjani and Dewa attend the recital, but Renjani faints and is rushed to the hospital; the cause is later discovered to be cervical cancer. After a week in a coma, Renjani dies; at her grave, Dewa plays "Biola Tak Berdawai" as Bhisma listens.
Production.
"Biola Tak Berdawai" was directed by Sekar Ayu Asmara, a Jakarta-born self-taught director. It was her directorial debut. Asmara also produced the film and wrote the lyrics to the theme song.
According to Asmara, Ria Irawan, Nicholas Saputra and Jajang C. Noer immediately accepted the offer to play in the film. However, the role of Dewa was filled by Dicky Lebrianto after casting in both Yogyakarta and Jakarta; she notes that it was difficult as the person who played him had to be a non-handicapped child capable of acting like he had a handicap.
Addie MS, a musician cum conductor from the Twilite Orchestra and Asmara's long-time friend, was chosen to compose the film's music. The Victorian Philharmonic Orchestra in Melbourne, Australia, provided the music.
The movie was shot in Yogyakarta and the surrounding area over a period of 25 days in 2002.
Themes.
According to Asmara, "Biola Tak Berdawai" is "a metaphor for the multiple- handicapped babies" that symbolizes the souls of people who have never known love, and those whose hearts have been scarred by it. She also notes that the film conveys the message that one must be ready to sacrifice things for love.
Release.
"Biola Tak Berdawai" premiered on 22 March 2003, with wider release on 4 April. It garnered the Best New Director award at the Cairo International Film Festival for Asmara. It later became Indonesia's submission to the 76th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. However, it was not accepted as a nominee. The film was later novelised by Seno Gumira Ajidarma.
Hera Diani of "The Jakarta Post" gave the movie two and a half out of four stars, writing that Noer's character was "ridiculous", with "bad makeup, unnecessary histrionics and absurd statements on how life and everything in it are a riddle". Irawan's character was described as "sometimes unconvincing". Regarding the film itself, she wrote that the dialogue was at times pat and some scenes were illogical. However, she praised the cinematography and score, as well as Lebrianto's portrayal of Dewa.

</doc>
<doc id="18332416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332416" title="Video Data Bank">
Video Data Bank

Video Data Bank (VDB) is an international video art distribution organization and a resource in the United States for videos by and about contemporary artists. Located in Chicago, Illinois VDB was founded at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 1976 at the inception of the media arts movement.
VDB provides experimental video art, documentaries made by artists, and taped interviews with visual artists and critics for a wide range of audiences. These include micro-cinemas, film festivals, media arts centers, universities, libraries, museums, community-based workshops, public television, and cable TV Public-access television centers. Video Data Bank currently holds over 2,000 titles in distribution, by more than 400 artists, available in a variety of screening and archival video formats. It also actively publishes anthologies and curated programs of video art.
The preservation of historic video is an ongoing project of the Video Data Bank. The total holdings, including works both in and out of distribution, include over 5,000 titles of original and in some cases, rarely seen, video art and documentaries from the late 1960s on. The VDB functions as a Department of the Art Institute of Chicago and is supported in part by awards from the National Endowment for the Arts and the Illinois Arts Council.
History.
In 1974, VDB co-founders Kate Horsfield and Lyn Blumenthal, graduate students at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, began conducting video interviews with women artists who they felt were underrepresented critically in the art world. After buying a Panasonic Portapak and successfully conducting talks with painters Joan Mitchell and Agnes Martin and curator Marcia Tucker, the pair decided to continue the series. "It was really a kind of accident,” noted Horsfield in a 2007 interview. “We were looking for inspiration for ourselves, but we were also looking for information on what was happening. If you read art magazines in the early '70s, it was very rare to see any real coverage of any women artists." In 1976 Horsfield and Blumenthal officially founded the Video Data Bank, taking over a small collection of student video productions and interviews that was begun by Phil Morton at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. They went on to add to the archive, conducting talks with prominent artists of the period such as Alice Neel, Lucy Lippard, Lee Krasner, Barbara Kruger, and the Guerilla Girls, who appeared wearing their trademark gorilla masks.
Lyn Blumenthal died in 1988 and the VDB maintains the Lyn Blumenthal Memorial Fund for independent video. Horsfield remained director of the collection until her retirement in 2006. The current director, Abina Manning, was named in December 2007. In 2007 the National Alliance for Media Arts and Culture (NAMAC) named Video Data Bank as the year's "Outstanding Media Arts Organization"
Collections.
The Video Data Bank maintains three collections of video produced from 1968 to the present:
"Early Video Art" includes many titles from the Castelli-Sonnabend collection, the first and most prominent collection of video art assembled in the United States. All of the work in this collection was produced between 1968 and 1980. These works represent examples of the first experiments in video art and include conceptual and feminist performances recorded on video, experiments with the video signal, and 'guerilla' documentaries representing a counter-cultural view of the historical events of the 1960s. Artists included are Vito Acconci, Lynda Benglis, Dara Birnbaum, Joan Jonas, Bruce Nauman and William Wegman.
"Independent Video and Alternative Media" is a collection that includes works made since 1980. These works represent the next generation of video makers and younger artists, and largely address post-modern themes in contemporary art such as feminism, AIDS, gender studies, guerilla television, technology, and multi-cultural identity. This collection includes active contemporary artists such as Sadie Benning, Jem Cohen, Harun Farocki, Walid Raad, Paul Chan, Guillermo Gomez-Pena, Miranda July, and George Kuchar.
"On Art and Artists" is a collection of taped interviews with visual artists, photographers and critics. The interviews focus on the development of the artists' body of work.
"Surveying the First Decade".
"Surveying the First Decade: Video Art and Alternative Media in the U.S." is a 17-hour compilation of experimental and independent video created from 1968-1980, the first decade of video art production. Originally released on VHS in 1995, the collection was scheduled to be rereleased on DVD on September 1 2008. The anthology includes 68 titles by more than 60 artists and is curated into eight programs ranging from conceptual, performance-based, feminist, and image-processed works, to documentary and grassroots activism.
Chris Hill, former video curator at Hallwells Contemporary Art Center in Buffalo, New York, curated the project.

</doc>
<doc id="18332420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332420" title="HMS Keppel">
HMS Keppel

HMS "Keppel" can refer to ships of the Royal Navy named after Admiral Augustus Keppel

</doc>
<doc id="18332421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332421" title="Shad Landing, Virginia">
Shad Landing, Virginia

Shad Landing is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18332434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332434" title="Wattsville, Virginia">
Wattsville, Virginia

Wattsville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 1,128.

</doc>
<doc id="18332444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332444" title="Ryan Salazar">
Ryan Salazar


</doc>
<doc id="18332449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332449" title="William V, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel">
William V, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel

William V of Hesse-Kassel () (February 13, 1602 – September 21, 1637) was the Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel in the Holy Roman Empire from 1627 to 1637.
William was born in Kassel, the son of Maurice, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel and Agnes of Solms-Laubach. Agnes died shortly after the birth of William and his father subsequently married Countess Juliane of Nassau-Dillenburg. After losing much of the Hesse-Kassel territory to the Darmstadt line and leaving the family in financial ruin Maurice abdicated in favor of his son.
William, having come to rule in unfavorable circumstances and in the midst of the Thirty Years' War, continued to suffer losses of territory and wealth. William served as Landgrave for ten years—a tenure marked by defeats and losses.
William's widow, Amalie Elisabeth von Hanau-Münzenberg, served as regent for her son William VI, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel until he came of age in 1650. Under her leadership many of the lands lost by her father-in-law and husband were regained through various foreign alliances and battles.
In 1650, William's son, William VI, began his rule as Landgrave, and continued the Hesse-Kassel line which almost perished under Maurice and William V.
One of his daughters, Charlotte, married Charles I Louis, Elector Palatine and was the mother of the famous Duchess of Orléans, sister in law of Louis XIV.
Another daughter, Emily, married Henri Charles de La Trémoille.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="18332451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332451" title="Withams, Virginia">
Withams, Virginia

Withams is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18332458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332458" title="James J. Hamula">
James J. Hamula

James Joseph Hamula (born November 20, 1957) has been a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) since 2008.
Parents.
Hamula's father was Joseph Hamula, a son of Hungarian immigrants who grew up in a heavily Magyar speaking area of metro Cleveland, Ohio. After service in the Navy, Joseph Hamula attended school in Southern California where he joined the LDS Church. At the urging of his stake president, Howard W. Hunter, Joseph served as a missionary in the church's Swiss–Austrian Mission. After his mission Hamula married Joyce Jacobs.
Biography.
Hamula was born and raised in Long Beach, California. He later served as an LDS Church missionary in the Germany Munich Mission. After his mission, he received a bachelor's degree in political science and philosophy, a master's degree in political philosophy, and a juris doctorate, all from Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah.
For one summer while studying law, Hamula did an internship in Mesa, Arizona. There he met Joyce Anderson, and in 1984 they married in the Mesa Arizona Temple. They are the parents of six children.
Hamula has spent most of his career working for the Arizona-based law firm of Gallagher & Kennedy. He was largely involved in Superfund and other environmental law issues.
LDS Church service.
In the LDS Church, Hamula has served as a elders quorum president, bishop, stake high councilor, and stake Young Men president. He also served as president of the Mesa Arizona Salt River Stake and as the first president of the Mesa Arizona Red Mountain Stake when it was organized in 1992.
From 1994 to 1997, Hamula was president of the church's Washington D.C. South Mission. From 2000 to 2008, Hamula was an area seventy in the church's North America Southwest Area. He became a member of the First Quorum of the Seventy during the church's April 2008 general conference. After serving first as a counselor in the area, beginning in 2011, he began serving as president of the church's Pacific Area headquartered in Auckland, New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="18332460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332460" title="Redneck (disambiguation)">
Redneck (disambiguation)

A redneck is a white person of lower socio-economic status in the United States and Canada.
Redneck or rednecks may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18332471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332471" title="Hummin' to Myself (Dave Van Ronk album)">
Hummin' to Myself (Dave Van Ronk album)

"Hummin' to Myself" is an 1990 album of jazz and pop classics recorded by Dave Van Ronk.

</doc>
<doc id="18332500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332500" title="Adiós gringo">
Adiós gringo

Adiós gringo is a 1965 Italian Spaghetti Western directed by Giorgio Stegani. Its stars Giuliano Gemma and was co produced between Italy, Spain and France. On release in the United States, nearly all of the cast members and production team had their names changed for the English audience.
Plot.
A young rancher, swindled in a cattle deal, kills a rancher, in self-defense, who has accused him of stealing his cattle. He then gets caught up in adventure and romance as he tries to prove his innocence and clear his name.

</doc>
<doc id="18332502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332502" title="Howard Kassinove">
Howard Kassinove

Howard Kassinove ABPP is a psychologist who works in the area of anger and anger management. He is licensed in the state of New York, where he resides with his wife. Kassinove has been an invited speaker in many countries including Argentina, Greece, India, Korea, Romania, Taiwan, and Russia.
Education.
Kassinove received his PhD in Behavior Research from Adelphi University's Institute of Advanced Psychological Studies in 1970. He then completed a Certificate program in Behavior Therapy at the Temple University School of Medicine.
Institutional Affiliations.
Kassinove is currently a full professor of psychology at Hofstra University, where he founded and serves as Director of the Institute for the Study and Treatment of Anger and Aggression. He is a Fellow of the American Psychological Association, a Fellow of the Association for Psychological Science, a Certified School Psychologist, a Fellow of the Albert Ellis Institute for Rational Emotive Therapy, a Board Certified Clinical Psychologist (ABPP), and a Board Certified Cognitive and Behavioral Psychologist (ABPP). 
Bibliography.
"Anger Management: The Complete Treatment Guidebook for Practitioners" (Impact Publishers, The Practical Therapist Series) (2002) with Raymond Chip Tafrate. ISBN 1-886230-45-5
"Anger Disorders: Definition, Diagnosis, and Treatment." (1995). Taylor and Francis Publishers. ISBN 1-56032-353-1
"Anger Management for Everyone (Impact Publishers) (2009). "with Raymond Chip Tafrate. ISBN 1-88623-083-8"

</doc>
<doc id="18332533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332533" title="The House of Ruth Maryland">
The House of Ruth Maryland

House Of Ruth Maryland is a non-profit organization that was established in 1977. It is headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. In Baltimore and Prince George's County, the organization provides services for women and their children who are victims of Domestic Violence. Funding for House of Ruth Maryland is made possible through private (53%) and government (38%) funds, and other sources (9%) including investment income, training and client fees resulting mainly from the Gateway Project. Since its inception, The House of Ruth Maryland has served over 100,000 victims of domestic violence.
Timeline.
A small group of volunteers opens Maryland’s first shelter for battered women and children. (House Of Ruth)
House Of Ruth is selected as the model shelter program for Maryland and receives its first state funding, allowing it to begin offering support services in conjunction with shelter.
House Of Ruth introduces a voluntary 22-week counseling program designed to modify the behavior of abusive men, the first program of its kind in the state of Maryland. (The Gateway Project)
House Of Ruth begins offering housing and counseling services to clients.
House Of Ruth begins offering counseling to clients’ children.
House Of Ruth expands its shelter, services and sets up the first, statewide,
24-hour hotline for victims of domestic violence.
House Of Ruth opens a legal clinic to provide legal services to victims of domestic violence and expands its voluntary batterers’ program to include court-ordered abusers.
House Of Ruth begins providing consultation to the United States Navy on how to work with batterers.
House Of Ruth, in cooperation with Women’s Law Center, receives a grant from Maryland Legal Services to create the Domestic Violence Law Clinic.
House Of Ruth consolidates its services and opens the doors to its new, 24-bed Montebello facility.
House Of Ruth opens its first Victim’s Advocacy Office in the Baltimore City District Court.
House Of Ruth launches its Teen Dating Violence Prevention Initiative, a community based program geared towards teaching adolescents and young adults about healthy relationships.
Leadership.
Sandi Timmins, Executive Director
Holly Edington, President, Board of Directors; VP Human Resources, Corporate Office Properties Trust 
Dorothy Lennig, Director, Legal Clinic 
Lisa Nitsch, Director, Counseling, Education and Outreach 
Mary McGeady, Director, Finance and Administration
Terri Wurmser, Director, Programs
Services Offered.
"Hotline Counseling".
The House of Ruth Maryland has a 24 hour hotline that provides counseling and referrals to victims of domestic violence, abusers and concerned family and friends and support and technical assistance to professionals.
"Emergency Shelter and Transitional Housing".
The organization provides emergency refuge for women and their children where they can escape violence and receive support to rebuild their lives. The emergency shelter and six transitional apartments accommodate 84 women and children. Residents have access to a wellness program as well as child care and job training.
"Legal Assistance".
The House of Ruth Maryland provides victims of domestic violence with legal representation, counseling and advocacy.
"Counseling for Adults and Children".
The organization offers individual and group counseling along with education about options and services. The organization helps the women create safety and exits plans to help them with the transition from the abusive environment.
"Training, Outreach and Prevention Education".
The organization offers domestic violence specific consultation and technical assistance to other human service agencies. 
This program, the Teen Dating Violence Prevention Initiative, offers prevention education presentations and workshops to youth, aged 11-21, in schools, community agencies, churches and youth detention centers throughout the state of Maryland. The program also provides training and education to youth serving professionals and parents.
"Abusers’ Intervention".
This program, The Gateway Project, is a 28-week education program structured to systematically challenge an abusive person’s belief system. It also teaches abusers how to maintain healthy, non-violent relationships.
Location.
House Of Ruth Maryland is located at 2201 Argonne Drive, Baltimore, MD 21218.
Additional Domestic Violence Resources in Maryland.
In Maryland, various private organizations provide comprehensive services on a county-by-county basis. 
The organizations that serve victims of domestic violence in Baltimore City and the surrounding counties that comprise Central Maryland are:
The Maryland Network Against Domestic Violence offers a detailed list of domestic violence service providers in Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="18332546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332546" title="Howard Battle">
Howard Battle

Howard Dion Battle (born March 25, 1972) is a former third baseman in Major League Baseball. Battle spent parts of three seasons in the majors with the Toronto Blue Jays, Philadelphia Phillies and Atlanta Braves.
Battle attended Mercy Cross High School in Biloxi, MS. Local fans could witness Battle blasting home runs off the sewage tank located about 400 ft from home plate behind left field. 

</doc>
<doc id="18332560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332560" title="Walton (Cambridgeshire) railway station">
Walton (Cambridgeshire) railway station

Walton railway station was a station in Walton, Cambridgeshire. It was on the Midland Railway's Syston and Peterborough Railway line between Peterborough and Stamford. It was closed in 1953. The Great Northern Railway main line runs adjacent to the Midland Railway at this point, but the Great Northern never had a station in Walton. This was due to an agreement whereby the Midland carried materials to the site during construction of the Great Northern, and in return the Great Northern offered no competition for services on this section 

</doc>
<doc id="18332578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332578" title="National Change Of Address">
National Change Of Address

National Change of Address (NCOALink) "is a secure dataset of approximately 160 million permanent change-of-address (COA) records consisting of the names and addresses of individuals, families and businesses who have filed a change-of-address with the USPS". It is maintained by the United States Postal Service and access to it is licensed to service providers and made available to mailers. There are six licenses available including Full Service Providers (48 months) and Limited Service Providers (18 months). The use of NCOALink is required in order to obtain bulk mail rates, as it minimizes the number of UAA (Undeliverable As Addressed) mailpieces saving the mailer money and reducing the USPS's processing of this type of mail.
How it works.
NCOALink is a product of the United States Postal Service, USPS, and is used to provide updated and accurate addresses for individuals, families, and businesses. It will also indicate foreign moves and people who have moved with no forwarding address. The USPS offers licenses for Interface Developers and Interface Distributors and all NCOALink interfaces are certified by the USPS. The addresses in the database are specifically designed to match the USPS requirements. Each entry is matched against other entries to ensure that there are no repeated addresses. The software will update old addresses through the information provided by the postal service. Consumers have the option of changing their address online or filling out the "Change of Address" form at the Post Office when moving.
For mailers who want to update their mailing lists with the most current addresses they would submit their file to a company that offers the NCOALink service. These can be licensed NCOALink providers or third party companies that submit the files to a licensed NCOALink provider. The NCOALink process also includes CASS (Coding Accuracy Support System), DPV, (Delivery Point Validation), LACSLink, and SuiteLink.
History.
The National Change of Address Processing Systems have helped direct mailers maintain a clean mailing list for decades. The National Change of Address System has been adopted by several countries including the US, the UK, Canada, Germany, Austria, and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="18332638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332638" title="Mercury (song)">
Mercury (song)

"Mercury" is a song by Bloc Party. It was produced by Jacknife Lee. Like "Flux", the band's previous single, the song uses mostly electronic instruments. The song was first played on Zane Lowe's show on Radio 1 on 7 July 2008 and was uploaded to the Radio 1 website about fifteen minutes later. The single was made available for digital download on 10 July 2008. The track was named Single of the Week by Drowned in Sound on 11 August 2008. It peaked at number 16 on the UK Singles Chart. The song also appeared in the EA Sports game "Fight Night Round 4" as well as Rockstar Games game ""
Music video.
The video for "Mercury", directed by Ace Norton, was simultaneously unveiled along with the song. It portrays monkey scientists placing an assortment of body parts into a body. The resulting creature, which has a bull's horned head, a crab's pincer, and a hairy human body then rises in popularity, eventually becoming the President of the United States. The entire time, the scientists are controlling it. Eventually, the creature (named Smith) goes to war with other countries to get bananas for the monkey scientists. It was made available to view on Bloc Party's website.

</doc>
<doc id="18332645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332645" title="Helpston railway station">
Helpston railway station

Helpston railway station was a station in Helpston, Cambridgeshire on the Midland Railway's Syston and Peterborough Railway. It was closed in 1966. The Great Northern Railway main line runs adjacent to the Midland Railway at this point, but the Great Northern never had a station in Helpston. This was due to an agreement whereby the Midland carried materials to the site during construction of the Great Northern, and in return the Great Northern offered no competition for services on this section.
The goods shed survives, as does the Great Northern Railway signal box, which is now used only to monitor a number of level crossings in the vicinity. Helpston level crossing itself carries the Helpston to Glinton road over the four tracks of the ex-GNR line and the two tracks of the ex-MR line. This was previously two separate level crossings, controlled by two separate signal boxes. There was space for two cars between the level crossings. The crossings were merged and converted from gates to full barriers in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="18332650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332650" title="Suzanne Freriks">
Suzanne Freriks

Suzanne Freriks (born September 16, 1984 in Horst, Limburg) is a female volleyball player from the Netherlands, who plays as a setter. She was a member of the Dutch National Women's Team that won the gold medal at the FIVB World Grand Prix 2007 in Ningbo, PR China.

</doc>
<doc id="18332677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332677" title="Haisborough Sands">
Haisborough Sands

Haisborough Sands (or Haisboro Sands or Haisbro Sands) is a sandbank off the coast of Norfolk, England at Happisburgh. The shoal is long and wide and lies parallel to the North east coast of Norfolk. The shoal is marked to the north-west by north by the Haisbro Light Buoy, North cardinal. To the south-east by south is a light buoy South cardinal, and to the west by Mid Haisbro light buoy starboard hand. In 1995 there were three drying patches recorded to the north-north east and east-south east of the Mid Haisbro light buoy. Except at slack water their positions are indicated by tidal eddies and in slight or moderate seas the swell breaks on the shallower parts of the banks. There are a number of foul patches on the southern part of the shoal. There are very strong eddies on and around the bank especially on the north west. Over the years this shoal has claimed many ships.
Description.
The main ridge of the shoal is made up of five distinct areas. These are named Haisborough Sand, Haisborough Tail, Hammond Knoll, Winterton Ridge and Hearty Knoll. To the eastern edge of the sands there are areas called Hewett Ridge and Smiths Knoll which form a ridge of sandbanks on the outer boundary of the sands. Inshore and to the west there are additional banks including Winterton Shoal and the Newarp Banks.
Fish and mammals.
Haisborough Sands and its surrounding shoals are known to be spawning grounds for Sand eels "Ammodytes", Lemon sole "Microstormus Kitt" and sole "Solea solea". The sands also provide nursery grounds for Cod "Gadus morhua", Herring "Clupea harengus", Mackerel "Scomber scombrus", Sole, Lemon sole and Plaice "Pleuronectes platessa". There are small numbers of Harbour porpoise regularly observed within the boundaries of the sands. The common seals "Phoca vitulina" which are resident in the Wash are occasionally observed in this area.
Ships wrecked on Haisborough Sands.
Some of the ships wrecked here include:

</doc>
<doc id="18332681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332681" title="Uffington and Barnack railway station">
Uffington and Barnack railway station

Uffington and Barnack was a railway station in Cambridgeshire serving the villages of Uffington, Barnack and Bainton.
History.
The station was on the Midland Railway's Syston and Peterborough Railway from Peterborough to Leicester and was situated to the east of a level crossing on the road between Uffington and Barnack. It opened in 1846 and closed to passengers in 1952 and to goods in 1964.
To the west of the level crossing was a signal box and a single goods siding. The goods yard is now used as a car park by the signalman and sometimes by track maintenance crews. The signal box is still in use and is a block post with the adjacent signal boxes being Peterborough and Ketton, Stamford signal box having been abolished in 1983. The level crossing gates are opened and closed by hand.
Between 1867 and 1929, Barnack was also served by the Barnack station on the Great Northern Railway line between Stamford East and Wansford. The station was more conveniently sited, but Uffington & Barnack provided the more useful services.
There was also at one time a station on the Midland line at Bainton, called Bainton Gate, but this closed in 1856.
The station house has survived and is now a private house.
Sample train timetable for July 1922.
The table below shows the train departures from Uffington & Barnack station on weekdays in July 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="18332687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332687" title="Evergreen 747 Supertanker">
Evergreen 747 Supertanker

The Evergreen Supertanker is a Boeing 747-100 widebody aircraft that was modified into an aerial firefighting aircraft by Evergreen International Aviation. The aircraft was originally manufactured by Boeing in 1971 for Delta Air Lines. With a capacity of 20,500 US gallons (77,600 liters), it is the largest aerial firefighting aircraft in the world. The next largest firefighting tanker aircraft is the Ilyushin Il-76P. The Supertanker entered service for the first time in 2009, fighting a fire in Cuenca, Spain. The tanker made its first American operation on 31 August 2009 at the Oak Glen Fire. The current tanker is N479EV, tanker/tail number 979. (The previous plane was: N470EV, tanker/tail number 947.)
Development.
Development started after the 2002 fire season, which saw the fatal crashes of two air tankers in the USA. The accidents, involving a Lockheed C-130A Hercules and a Consolidated PB4Y-2, prompted the U.S. Department of Interior to issue an official Request for Information on next-generation airtankers.
Evergreen proposed to convert up to four of its Boeing 747-200 Freighters into massive 'Supertankers'. The first converted Boeing 747 (N470EV) made its maiden flight on February 19, 2004. The current Supertanker is N479EV, a 747-100.
By June 2006, Evergreen had spent $40 million on the project and was hopeful of both FAA certification and an evaluation contract from the US Forest Service. In October 2006 the FAA issued Evergreen a supplementary type certificate for the installation and removal of internal tanks, associated systems and the support structure for the aerial dispersal of liquids.
An issue that impacted usage by the Forest Service was the USFS requirement for using fire retardant rather than water. When Evergreen attempted to convert the system from water- to retardant-dispensing, they encountered objections from the FAA. The FAA was concerned about the much greater density of fire retardant and the corresponding increased stress on the airframe. The FAA determined that the Supertanker's service life would be diminished and also raised concerns about the dangers of additional stress on the airframe during firefighting operations and heavy weight maneuvering.
Design.
The Evergreen Supertanker is equipped with a pressurized liquid drop system, which can disperse retardant under high pressure or drop retardant at the speed of falling rain. This system allows the aircraft to operate within its design criteria. Using the pressurized system, the aircraft can deliver retardant to the scene of a fire while flying at a height of , at approximately 140 kn (260 km/h, 160 mph), configured as if it were on approach for landing.
The Evergreen Supertanker’s tank system can be configured for segmented drops, allowing the contents of the tank to be released at multiple intervals while in flight. According to the company, the aircraft is capable of laying down a swath of fire retardant three miles (5 km) long and as wide as an American football field.
Because the tanker is based on an airliner, it can fly at speeds of around during cruise.
Operation.
The Supertanker can operate from any airport with an long runway and suitable facilities. Evergreen has identified several airports across the US that meet or exceed the criteria. Currently the first tanker in North America is under a call when needed (CWN) contract with Cal Fire and is stationed at McClellan Field outside of Sacramento, California.
Regulations allow for five individuals that are not crewmembers to be carried in the upper deck. This area could be used for command and control, mapping, incident monitoring and video/communications operations.
On 5 December 2010, the Supertanker was deployed to Israel to fight the Mount Carmel forest fire. This was carried out along with crew and utilities donated by other international fire agencies. On 9 June 2011 the Supertanker was also deployed to fight the Wallow Fire in Arizona, which was at burned and 0% contained at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="18332717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332717" title="L'Absente">
L'Absente

"L'Absente" is the fourth studio album by French composer and musician Yann Tiersen. When French film director Jean-Pierre Jeunet asked Tiersen if he was interested in writing the film score for "Amélie", Tiersen was already working on "L'Absente". The album was released on 5 June 2001 through EMI France, and was preceded by two promotional singles for "À quai" and "Bagatelle". "L'Absente" is an album of great variety with Tiersen playing many instruments including an old-fashioned typewriter and a pot, and it is characterized by several guests contributions provided by the 35-member Ensemble Orchestral Synaxis conducted by Guillaume Bourgogne, French folk rock group Têtes Raides, singers Dominique A, Lisa Germano, Neil Hannon, and Belgian actress Natacha Régnier, ondes Martenot player Christine Ott, Christian Quermalet, guitarist Marc Sens, viola player Bertrand Lambert, violinists Yann Bisquay and Sophie Naboulay, saxophonist Grégoire Simon, and drummer Sacha Toorop. "L'Absente" peaked at number 41 on the French Albums Chart.
Track listing.
All music and lyrics are written by Yann Tiersen, except as noted.
The vinyl edition contains an additional track, "L'Autre lettre", written and recorded by Yann Tiersen and Les Têtes Raides.
A 2×CD limited edition of the album was released through Virgin France in 2001. The second CD contains live versions of the following pieces:

</doc>
<doc id="18332729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332729" title="Rock Spring (Shepherdstown, West Virginia)">
Rock Spring (Shepherdstown, West Virginia)

Rock Spring is a historic property on the National Register of Historic Places near Shepherdstown, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18332740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332740" title="Georg von Schanz">
Georg von Schanz

Georg von Schanz (March 12, 1853 – December 19, 1931) was a German legal scholar. He originally developed a definition of income, now known as Haig-Simons income.

</doc>
<doc id="18332742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332742" title="Jaipal Singh">
Jaipal Singh

Jaipal Singh Munda (January 3, 1903 – March 20, 1970) was a Munda tribal man, who captained the Indian field hockey team to clinch gold in the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam. He is well known for his sportsmanship and political skills.
Later he emerged as a sole leader of Adivasi cause and creation of a separate home land for adivasis of central India. As a member of the Constituent Assembly of India he actively campaigned for the rights of the scheduled tribes.
His dream came true on November 15, 2000, when Jharkhand was carved out of Bihar.He is popularly known as "Marang Gomke" which means the Great Leader. This name was given to him by the tribal people of Chota nagpur region. 
The Adivasi Mahasabha.
He formed Adivasi Mahasabha in 1938, himself as its president. After independence the name of the party was changed to Jharkhand Party to accommodate non-tribal people to achieve long term goals. He is popularly known as "Marang Gomke" (meaning Great Leader) by the tribals of Chotanagpur. He was a gifted speaker and represented all the tribals of India at the Constituent Assembly of India (which was responsible for drafting the constitution of Independent India). The following is an excerpt from a famous speech made by him, where, while welcoming the Objectives Resolution, he highlighted the issues facing the Indian tribals. 
Hockey Player.
Today, "Marang Gomke" Jaipal Singh Munda is remembered primarily for his able stewardship of 'Adivasi Mahasabha' and then of 'Jharkhand Party' which spearheaded the movement for a separate tribal majority state of Jharkhand and for his active contribution to the cause of tribes of India as a member of the Constituent Assembly of India. Very few, however, know that Jaipal Singh was one of the world's finest field hockey player of the period. 
Jaipal Singh Munda was born on 3 January 1903 in remote Tapkara village of what was then Khunti Sub-division of the then District of Ranchi in the state of Jharkhand India. Majority of the inhabitants of Tapkara village are from 'Munda' tribe. Jaipal Singh too was from a Munda family that had embraced Christianity. After initial schooling at the village church school, Jaipal Singh shifted to St.Paul's School, Ranchi run by the Christian Missionaries of the SPG Mission of the Church of England. A keen and gifted field hockey player, Jaipal Singh was a brilliant student and exhibited exceptional leadership qualities from a very young age, which was noticed by the missionaries, who took him to England for higher studies at the University of Oxford. Jaipal Singh was a member of the Oxford University Hockey Team. The hallmark of his game as a deep defender were his clean tackling, sensible gameplay and well directed hard hits. He was the most versatile player in the Oxford University Hockey Team. His contribution to the University Hockey Team was recognised and he became the first Indian student to be conferred "Oxford Blue" in Hockey.
In 1928, while he was in England, Jaipal Singh was asked to captain the Indian Hockey Team for the Amsterdam Olympics, 1928. Under Jaipal Singh's captaincy the Indian team played 17 matches in the League Stage of which 16 were won and one drawn. Due,however, to an unfortunate incident of tiff with the English Team Manager A.B.Rossier, Jaipal Singh left the Team after League phase and therefore could not play in the games in the knockout stage. In the final, the Indian Team defeated Holland by 3-0. 
On returning to India, Jaipal Singh was associated with Mohan Bagan Club of Calcutta, where he started the Hockey Team of the Club in 1929. He led its hockey team in various tournaments. After retirement from active hockey, Jaipal Singh served as Secretary of Bengal Hockey Association and as a member of Indian Sports Council.
Death.
Jaipal Singh died on 20 March 1970 in Delhi. At that time, foundation of a sports stadium was being laid in Ranchi City by the District Administration of Ranchi. Birsa Seva Dal submitted a proposal to the District Administration to honour Late Jaipal Singh by naming the new upcoming stadium as 'Jaipal Singh Stadium'. This was accepted and the Stadium was named 'Jaipal Singh Stadium'. Recently, the State Government of Jharkhand has named the grand games complex and games village built at Ranchi for the next National Games as 'Jaipal Singh Munda Games Complex'.

</doc>
<doc id="18332760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332760" title="Francien Huurman">
Francien Huurman

Francien Huurman (born April 18, 1975 in Pijnacker, Zuid-Holland) is a female volleyball player from the Netherlands, who plays as a middle-blocker. She was a member of the Dutch National Women's Team that won the gold medal at the FIVB World Grand Prix 2007 in Ningbo, PR China.
On 21 November 2011 Hitachi Rivale announced her joining.

</doc>
<doc id="18332761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332761" title="Ketton and Collyweston railway station">
Ketton and Collyweston railway station

Ketton and Collyweston railway station is a former station serving the villages of Ketton, Geeston, Aldgate and Collyweston, Rutland. It is located in Geeston adjacent to a level crossing on the Ketton to Collyweston road. It is under half a mile from Ketton but over a mile from Collyweston. It closed in 1966 but has been proposed for reopening.
History.
The station was opened by the Midland Railway as '"Ketton" on 1 May 1848, on the Syston and Peterborough Railway about two years after the rest of the line opened. From 1851, trains using the LNWR Rugby and Stamford Railway railway which joined at Luffenham passed through the station but generally did not stop.
Although much of the line had opened in 1846, there was a dispute with Lord Harborough over the course of the line and this section was not opened until 1848. It was built next to a level crossing on the road between Ketton and Collyweston. The handsome station building was built in a Victorian ecclesiastical Tudor pattern of local stone and Collyweston tiles. For good measure it included a small belfry though whether this was ever used is not known. On the other platform was a smaller building in a combination of stone and timber.
To gain a more direct route, in 1879 the LNWR built a line from Seaton to Yarwell junction near Wansford on its Northampton to Peterborough line, thus bypassing the section through Luffenham, though it continued to run a few trains.
On both sides of the double track were ample sidings, particularly on the down Peterborough side where three lines served a good shed and loading dock with a crane. Unusually, access to the three minor sidings was by means of a wagon turntable rather than points. There was a signal box on the other side of the road.
In the early part of the 20th century the station saw six or seven Midland Railway trains per day and five LNWR trains between Seaton and Stamford. After the war is reduced to five a day on the Midland routes with a few on the branch from Seaton. 
At grouping in 1923 it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway. It received its final name in 1935.
The line from Seaton was closed and lifted in 1966, but the main Midland line is still in operation for trains from Leicester to Peterborough. The station buildings no longer exist.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18332804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332804" title="Morcott railway station">
Morcott railway station

Morcott railway station is a former station in Rutland, near the village of Morcott. 
Parliamentary approval was gained in 1846 by the directors of the London and Birmingham Railway for a branch from Rugby to the Syston and Peterborough Railway near Stamford. In the same year the company became part of the London and North Western Railway. 
The line opened in 1851 but Morcott was not opened until 1898. To gain a more direct route the LNWR had built a line from Seaton Junction to Yarwell junction near Wansford on its Northampton to Peterborough line, in 1879, thus bypassing the section to Luffenham. Although it was now of little importance, it remained double and Morcott Station was built as a double line station with two platforms. The station buildings and platforms were of timber construction and there was a footbridge. 
A siding was provided with loading docks for both horses and carriages. Oddly this could only be accessed from the Luffenham line and it was initially controlled by ground frame. Some time later a crossover from the other line was added along with a signal box. The train service was around five passenger train per day, with very few freight trains.
The section by was not singled until 1907 when the second platform, waiting-room, footbridge and signal box were all removed. Entrance lines to the siding are provided for each direction from the single line, with facing point locks.
At grouping in 1923 it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway.
Freight services finished on 4 May 1964 and passenger on 6 June 1966.
External links.
Morcott's railway
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18332806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332806" title="NGC 1553">
NGC 1553

NGC 1553 is a prototypical lenticular galaxy in the constellation Dorado. It is the second brightest member of the Dorado Group of galaxies. British astronomer John Herschel discovered NGC 1553 on December 5, 1834 using an 18.7 inch reflector.
Interacting galaxy.
It forms a pair of interacting galaxies together with elliptical NGC 1549 which lies 11′.8 away from it in the sky. Their interaction appears to be in the early stage and can be seen in optical wavelengths by faint but distinct irregular shells of emission and a curious jet on the northwest side. Together, these two galaxies comprise the center of the Dorado group.
Characteristics.
NGC 1553 is an early type galaxy with a luminosity of 4 "L"⊙. It has been detected in H I but has an H I mass to B-band luminosity ratio ("M"HI/"L"B) of less than 0.01. NGC 1553's ultraviolet spectrum shows weak flux under the main-sequence turn off at around 2,400 A°. This is characteristic of old intermediate populations of quiescent lenticular galaxies.
NGC 1553 has an especially well developed lens (~36″) component of nearly constant surface brightness that is found between the bulge and the exponential disk. Its lens is similar to what is found in NGC 3945 and its inner parts are very hot.
NGC 1553 has associated with itself cool gas and dust. It can also be seen in infrared and is a weak radio source. Hubble observations in 2000 revealed an inner torus-like dust lane about 3″ across at the galaxy's center.
Chandra X-ray imaging of NGC 1553 show diffuse hot gas making up 70% of the emissions, dotted with many point-like sources (low-mass X-ray binaries) making up the rest. Similarly to NGC 4697 and Messier 60, these bright spots are due to binary star systems of black holes and neutron stars most of which are located in globular clusters and reflect this old galaxy's very active past. In these systems, material pulled off a regular star is heated and gives off X-rays as it falls toward the accompanying black hole or neutron star. The brightest of the point sources is coincident with the galaxy's optical nucleus. Its luminosity and spectrum suggest its being an obscured central active galactic nucleus (AGN). This source is visible in the center of the X-ray image of NGC 1553 shown above.
Globular clusters.
Globular clusters have been resolved in the galaxy by the Hubble Space Telescope. There are an estimated 600 globulars in NGC 1553. Like Messier 87, there is a central deficit of globulars with respect to the underlying luminosity. 
Spiral feature.
NGC 1553 has a roughly symmetrical X-ray spiral feature (not detected in visible light) with a possible 10″ inner bar in the diffuse emission near the center of the galaxy. This feature is probably due to adiabatic or shock compression of ambient gas perhaps due to interaction with the radio source. Hα emission also has spiral structure which is surprisingly similar to the X-ray spiral.

</doc>
<doc id="18332812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332812" title="Antoninus of Pamiers">
Antoninus of Pamiers

Saint Antoninus of Pamiers (, , and ) was an early Christian missionary and martyr, called the "Apostle of the Rouergue". His life is dated to the first, second, fourth, and fifth century by various sources, since he often confused with various other venerated Antonini. Today he is revered as the patron saint of Pamiers, Palencia, and Medina del Campo. His historicity and exact identity are in doubt. 
Reportedly born at Fredelacum (Pamiers), he converted to Christianity and made a pilgrimage to Rome, where he was ordained. He returned to preach the Gospel in Aquitaine, especially in the border regions of the Rouergue. He is credited with performing many miracles. He was martyred at Vallis Nobilis, now Saint-Antonin-Noble-Val on 2 September, his feast day. His relics ended up at Pamiers and Palencia.
Veneration.
Antoninus was venerated from an early date. Palencia Cathedral is dedicated to him.
According to local tradition, the Cripta de San Antolín at Palencia Cathedral, which supposedly houses his relics, was finished during the mid-seventh century episcopate of Ascaric. A monastery dedicated to him had been built near Foix by the eighth century. It claimed to possess his head and part of his body, brought from Syria by a boat that had navigated the rivers Ariège, Tarn, Garonne, and Aveyron with the aid of an angel. These conflicting traditions suggest that the martyr of Pamiers is the same person as the martyr Antoninus of Syria. 

</doc>
<doc id="18332820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332820" title="Northeast Boating Magazine">
Northeast Boating Magazine

]
Northeast Boating Magazine was a regional magazine focused on boating and leisure in New England and the US East Coast. It was a sister publication to Chesapeake Bay Magazine and covered parallel topics, such as boat reviews, information on marinas, marine services, and coastal destinations.
Background.
The magazine was based in Quincy, Massachusetts. It was renamed "Northeast Boating Magazine" in 2007, having been founded as "Offshore Magazine". The name change was aimed at dialing in on the magazine's key demographic, i.e., northeast boaters.
Awards.
At the 2008 Boating Writers International Excellence in Boating Journalism contest, "Northeast Boating" took home 8 awards.
Other.
The December 2009 issue of "Northeast Boating Magazine" was its last, having succumbed to pressure from a tough economy and shrinking boating market.

</doc>
<doc id="18332824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332824" title="Political accusations against the Baha'i Faith">
Political accusations against the Baha'i Faith

Opponents of the Bahá'í Faith, especially (but not exclusively) certain Iranians, have accused the faith's followers of dual loyalty and of being involved with foreign or hostile powers. These accusations are used to justify persecution of this religious minority. 
During its early years, the Bahá'í Faith and its predecessor, the Bábí religion, experienced growth in Persia. This growth caught the attention of the government and the ecclesiastical leaders in the country, who began searching for ways to stop the growth of the religion, which they saw as a threat to their power and authority. The resistance stems from a variety of Bahá'í teachings which challenge traditional Islamic belief, including principles that call into question the need for a priesthood, and the entire Shí‘i ecclesiastical structure. 
In addition to government and clergy-led persecution of the Bahá'ís, Iranian government officials and others have claimed that Bahá'ís have had ties to foreign powers, and were agents of Russian imperialism, British colonialism, American expansionism, Zionism, as well as being responsible for the policies of the previous Shah of Iran. These accusations against the Bahá'í have been disputed, and described as misconceptions, with no basis in historical fact. Bahá'u'lláh, the founder of the Bahá'í Faith, taught that Bahá'ís are to be loyal to one's government, not be involved in politics, and to obey the laws of the country they reside in.
Historical context.
The Bahá'í Faith grew out of Bábism, which was established in 1844 by the Báb in Iran. 89% of Iranians adhere to the Twelver school of the sect of Shi'a Islam, which holds as a core doctrine the expected advent of a messianic figure known as the Qa'im or as the Imam Mahdi. The Báb claimed he was the Imam Mahdi and thus he had equal status to the Islamic prophet Muhammad with the power, which he exercised, to abrogate the final provisions of Islamic law. 
Bahá'u'lláh, a Bábí who claimed to be the one foretold by the Báb, claimed a similar station for himself in 1863 as a Manifestation of God and as the promised figure foretold in the sacred scriptures of the major religious traditions of the past and founded what later came to be known as the Bahá'í Faith.
Accusations and reasons.
The principles in Bahá'u'lláh's writings dealt with themes that challenged Shí‘i Islamic doctrines, including the finality of the prophet-hood of Muhammad, the need for a priesthood, and also the entire Shí‘i ecclesiastical structure. The claims of the Báb and Bahá'u'lláh were originally treated by the Islamic clergy with hostility as it was a threat to their doctrinal legitimacy and social prestige. 
In 1852, two years after the execution of the Báb, Bahá'u'lláh learnt of an assassination plan against the Shah, Nasser-al-Din Shah, by a couple of radical Bábí leaders, in retaliation for the Báb's execution. While Bahá'u'lláh condemned the plan strongly, and renounced the movement's early anti-Qajar stance, on August 15, 1852 the radical Bábís attempted the assassination of the Shah and failed. Notwithstanding the assassins' claim that they were working alone, and that Bahá'u'lláh had not participated in the assassination attempt, the entire Bábí community was blamed, and a slaughter of several thousand Bábís followed. From that time Nasser al-Din Shah Qajar always remained suspicious of the Bábís and Baha'is and viewed them as agitators similar to the European anarchists. 
While accusations against the Bahá'ís in the early history of the religion were based on religious doctrine, non-religious accusations started to increase and dominated in the 20th century. Since Bahá'ís did not belong to any specific ethnic group, could not be identified with any geographical location, and spoke the same language, they became "the enemy within", and start to figure prominently in what can only be described as conspiracy theories. 
By the end of the 19th century, there was a growing dissension with the Qajar state, and in an effort to draw public attention away from the government and instead toward the evils of the 'devious sect', charges of subversion and conspiracy against the Bábís and Bahá'ís increased. In the early 20th century, the Bahá'ís were seen as being non-conformant in a society looking for unanimity and fearful of losing its perceived unique Shi'a culture due to threats from outside its boundaries. During the 1940s the clerical and governmental groups started stating that the religion was entirely manufactured by colonialists and imperialists to destroy the "unity of the Muslim nation" and that those who did not share the beliefs of the Muslim nation were agents of foreign powers.
By the 1960s critics of the Baha'i Faith increasingly used charges of spying, and of connections to foreign powers rather than simply labelling Bahá'ís as heretics. These new charges helped define a new 'other' and reaffirmed a threatened Shi'i self. This new attitude towards the Bahá'ís was now not confined to the clerics, but was also rampant among the secular Iranian middle-class. In the 1970s accusations of Bahá'ís being numerous in the Shah's regime surfaced, as well as there being a perception that Bahá'ís were generally better off than the rest of the population. 
Chehabi suggests that the accusations and prejudices of secular Iranians against the Bahá'ís arise from the anti-cosmopolitan outlook of Iranian nationalism; while the Bahá'í Faith affirms the unity of humanity, Iranian nationalism has contained strong xenophobic elements. He notes that while Iran's sovereignty was recognized in the 19th century, Britain and Russia meddled in the country's affairs to further their own interests, and that groups that have trans-national ties like the Jews and the Bahá'ís are therefore seen as suspicious by Iranian nationalists. He also notes that while the teachings of the Bahá'í Faith mitigate against a preferential attachment of Bahá'ís to Iran, Iran is seen by Bahá'ís as the "Cradle of the Cause" to which it owes a degree of affection by Bahá'ís worldwide.
Since the founding of Israel, there are also accusations of Bahá'ís being associated with Zionism, since the Bahá'í World Centre is located in current-day Israel, although this is an historic accident, rather than the result of deliberate action by the Baha'is. The Bahá'í World Centre has its historical origins in the area that was at the time part of Ottoman Syria. This dates back to the 1850s and 1860s when the Shah of Iran and the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire, ‘Abdu’l-‘Aziz, successively exiled Bahá'u'lláh from Iran to the fortress of Acre for lifetime incarceration.
Since the Iranian revolution.
After the overthrow of the Shah during the Iranian revolution, the Islamic regime targeted the Bahá'ís in Iran, since they held a deep hostility toward them as they saw them as infidels. As nationalism grew in Iran, Bahá'ís were viewed as unpatriotic and linked to foreign elements. During this time the Bahá'ís were accused of being anti-Islamic, agents of Zionism, friends of the Shah's regime, and being engaged with the US and British governments. The National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of Iran, both privately and publicly, addressed the charges against them point by point, but received no response to their rebuttal. 
In January 1980 with the election of President Bani Sadr and the continuing anti-Bahá'í sentiment, the Bahá'í Faith was officially described by the government as a political movement against the Iranian revolution and Islam. Before the revolution, Bani Sadr had connected the universal message of the Bahá'í Faith with Western colonialism. In February 1980, the Iranian ambassador to the United Nations stated that Bahá'ís were SAVAK agents and repeated the cleric's charges; only later when he broke with the regime in 1982 did he recant his previous statements.
By 1981, however, revolutionary courts no longer couched the execution of Bahá'ís with political terms, and they instead cited only religious reasons. Also documents were given out to Bahá'ís that if they would publicly embrace Islam, that their jobs, pensions and property would be reinstated. These documents were shown to the United Nations as evidence that the Iranian government was using the political accusations as a front to the real religious reason for the persecution of the Bahá'ís.
In 1983, Iran's prosecutor general once again stated that the Bahá'ís were not being persecuted because of their religious belief, but that instead they were spies, and that they were funnelling money outside the country. The National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of Iran, once again, addressed the issues raised by the prosecutor point by point; the letter was sent to various government agencies. The letter acknowledged that funds were being sent abroad as Bahá'í contributions to the shrines and holy places, but denied all other points, and asked for proof of the charges. No response was obtained from the government to this letter. The clerics continued to persecute the Bahá'ís and charged the Bahá'ís with "crimes against God" and Zionism. 
In 1983 to a report to the Human Rights Commission of the United Nations the official view of the Islamic Republic was published in a twenty-page document; the document stated that British encouraged the Bahá'í Faith in Iran, and that it was not a religion, but a political entity created by colonial powers, that there was a link between the Bahá'í Faith and Zionism and SAVAK. The United Nations Human Rights Commission Sub-Commission Expert Mr. Eide stated that the publication provided by the Iranian government "recalled the publications disseminated in Europe in the 1920s and 1930s, which had contributed to severe prejudice costing the lives of hundreds of thousands of peoples. The Sub-Commission should be on guard against any recurrence of such campaigns". 
The Iranian government's statement was not accepted by the United Nations as the United Nations had received no evidence from the Iranian government regarding its claims. The representative from Germany stated that "the documents concerning the Bahá'ís showed that the latter were persecuted, not for criminal offences, but simply for their religious beliefs". The Iranian delegate dismissed the text of the Commission's resolution, and persecution of the Bahá'ís continued. 
In 1991, the Iranian government again gave a statement to the United Nations stating that since the administrative centre of the Bahá'í Faith is located in Israel, it is directly controlled by Zionist forces, even though Bahá'í World Centre has its historical origins in the area that was once Ottoman Syria. In the late 1990s during Muhammad Khatami's presidency, the name-calling and outrageous accusations did not end, and with the election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in 2005, the frequency and intensity of the name-calling and accusations has increased.
Russian and British ties.
During the 19th century, Britain had firm control over India; at the same time Russia had been expanding south and east into Central Asia toward India, and a rivalry started between Britain and Russia over territorial and political control in Central Asia. The middle zone of land that was located between India and Russian holdings, included Persia, and was a highly coveted region, where both Russia and Britain worked to gain influence. 
The support of the United Kingdom during the Constitutional Revolution, the Anglo-Russian convention which solidified boundaries that identified control between Britain and Russia in Persia, Afghanistan, and Tibet, the occupation of Iranian territory during the First World War by the UK, Russia and the Ottoman Empire, as well as the coup d'état of 1921 which was backed by the British, all encouraged the development of antagonism to these foreign powers. Muslim clerics and other anti-Bahá'í groups connected the Bahá'í Faith, and its predecessor the Bábí movement, to the external governments of Britain and Russia to project the mistrust of these two latter groups onto the Bahá'ís.
Russian ties.
The foundation of much of the propaganda relating the Bahá'í Faith to Russian influence is a memoir attributed to Dimitri Ivanovich Dolgorukov (also known as Dolgoruki), who was the Russian ambassador to Persia from 1846 to 1854. The memoir states that Dolgorukov created the Bábí and Bahá'í religions so as to weaken Iran and Shi'a Islam. The document is in many ways the functional equivalent of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion, a fraudulent antisemitic tract alleging a Jewish plot to achieve world domination. The memoir was first published in 1943 in Persian in Mashhad, and shortly thereafter published again in Tehran with some of the most glaring errors corrected. The book still, however, contains so many historical errors that it is inconceivable that it is genuine. 
The memoir states that Dolgorukov used to attend gatherings of Hakím Ahmad Gílání, where he would meet Bahá'u'lláh. However, Gílání died in 1835, three years before Dolgorukov's arrival in the Persia. There are numerous other errors relating to the dates and times of events that the memoir describes; the memoir describes events after the death of personages, or when the people involved were young children, or when they were in different parts of the world. 
Dolgorukov actually only became aware of the Bábí movement in 1847, three years after it started, and his dispatches show that he was afraid of the movement spreading into the Caucasus, and asked that the Báb be moved away from the Russian border. In 1852, after a failed assassination attempt against the Shah for which the entire Bábí community was blamed, many Bábís, including Bahá'u'lláh, who had no role in the attempt and later severely condemned it, were arrested in a sweep. When Bahá'u'lláh was jailed by the Shah, his family went to Mírzá Majid Ahi who was married to a sister of Bahá'u'lláh, and was working as the secretary to the Russian Legation in Tehran. Bahá'u'lláh's family asked Mírzá Majid to go to Dolgorukov and ask him to intercede on behalf of Bahá'u'lláh, and Dolgorukov agreed. 
The memoirs, however, extend this assistance to all facets of Bahá'u'lláh's life. In one edition of the faked memories, Dolgorukov is said to have provided money for Bahá'u'lláh to build a house in Acre, but Dolgorukov died in 1867, before Bahá'u'lláh arrived in Acre. Thus newer editions of the memoir state that Dolgorukov sent money for a house to be built in Edirne. As Dolgorukov left the Russian diplomatic service in 1854 and died in 1867, he was unable to interact with Bahá'u'lláh in the manner in which the memoir states.
Communist Soviet sources produced polemical pamphlets in 1930, and encyclopedic article in 1933, and most seriously in 1938 "monstrous accusations" accusing Bahá'ís of being 'closely linked with the leaders of Trotskyite-Bukharinist and Dashnak-Musavat bands'. Following this numerous arrests and oppression of the religion, Bahá'ís across the Soviet Union were being sent to prisons and camps or sent abroad. Bahá'í communities in 38 cities across Soviet territories ceased to exist.
British ties.
There have also been claims that the Bábí movement was started by the British, and that the Bahá'í Faith has ties to British imperialism; the connection to the British, however, has also been supported by false evidence. Firaydun Adamiyyat, in a biography on Nasser-al-Din Shah's first Prime Minister Amir Kabir, stated that Mulla Husayn, the Báb's first disciple, was really a British agent who was recruited by Arthur Conolly, a British intelligence officer, explorer and writer. Adamiyyat states that the evidence of such an accusation appears in Conolly's book "Journey to the North of India Overland from England through Russia, Persia, and Affghaunistaun", but no mention of Mulla Husayn or the Báb appears in the book. In later editions of Adamiyyat's biography on Amir Kabir, the fabrication has been removed. 
Accusations of ties to the British also arise from the knighting in 1920 of `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, by the British Mandate of Palestine. `Abdu'l-Bahá, however, received this award in recognition of his humanitarian work in Palestine during the war.
Bahá'ís as agents of international Zionism.
Bahá'ís have also been accused of ties to Zionism, a movement that calls for the self-determination of the Jewish people and a sovereign, Jewish national homeland. This claim is typically advanced is by noting that the most holy shrines of the Bahá'ís are located in current-day Israel. However, Bahá'u'lláh was banished from Persia by Nasser-al-Din Shah, at which time Bahá'u'lláh went to Baghdad in the Ottoman Empire. Later he was later exiled by the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire, at the behest of the Persian Shah, to territories further away from Iran and finally to Acre in Syria, which only a century later was incorporated into the state of Israel. 
Bahá'u'lláh died in 1892 near Acre, and the burial place is in Bahji. Following his death, Bahá'u'lláh's son `Abdu'l-Bahá took over the leadership of the religion until his death in 1921, and he is buried in Haifa, which was then in Palestine. Another important figure for Bahá'ís who is buried in current-day Israel is the Báb, whose remains were secretly transferred to Palestine and buried in Haifa in 1909. Israel was not formed until 1948, almost 60 years after Bahá'u'lláh's death, 40 years after the Báb's remains were brought to the region, and 27 years after `Abdu'l-Bahá's death. 
Since the Iranian revolution there have been accusations that the Bahá'ís support Israel because they send fund contributions to the Bahá'í World Centre which is located in northern Israel. The donations are used in the Bahá'í World Centre for upkeep of the Bahá'í properties, as well as the administration of the worldwide Bahá'í community. The National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of Iran in a 1983 letter to the Iranian government stated that while Muslims were praised for sending money out of the country to Iraq and Jerusalem for the upkeep of their religious shrines, when Bahá'ís sent money for the upkeep of their own shrines it was considered an unforgivable sin.
Bahá'ís as agents of the Shah's regime and its secret police.
Another criticism claims that the Bahá'ís, during the time of the Pahlavi dynasty, collaborated with the SAVAK, the Iranian secret police, and held positions of power in the government. Even before the Iranian revolution, the Bahá'ís, viewed as the "other" in Iranian society, were held responsible by the rest of the Iranians for the abusive suppression by SAVAK and the Shah's unpopular policies. After the revolution, the assertion that the Bahá'ís were agents of the Shah perhaps partly originates because Bahá'ís did not help the revolutionary groups, since one of the tenets of the Bahá'í Faith is to obey the government of one's country.
The Bahá'í International Community has, however, stated that the Bahá'í community in Iran was the victim of the Shah's regime, and that SAVAK was one of the main ways of persecuting the Bahá'ís. For example Reza Shah’s government ordered the closure of Bahá'í schools, such as Tehran’s Tarbiyat school for boys and girls, in 1934. Also during the month of Ramadan in 1955, when the Shah’s government needed to distract the general population from its decision to join the Baghdad Pact under pressure from the British and American governments, it sought the support of the clerics. Ayatollah Seyyed Hossein Borujerdi, acting as the Marja Taqlid, a Grand Ayatollah with the authority to make legal decisions within the confines of Islamic law, pushed the Shah's government to support the persecution of the Bahá'í community. 
The 1955 attacks were particularly destructive and widespread due to an orchestrated campaign by the government and clergy who utilized the national Iranian radio station and its official newspapers to spread hatred which led to widespread mob violence against Bahá'ís. The Shah's military also occupied the Bahá'í centre in Tehran, which was destroyed in the violence. Mottahedeh states that under the Pahlavi dynasty, the Bahá'ís were actually more a "political pawn" than a collaborator, and that Reza Shah's government toleration of Bahá'ís in the early 20th-century was more a sign of secular rule and an attempt to weaken clerical influence than a signal of favour for the Bahá’ís. 
There is also evidence that SAVAK collaborated with Islamic groups throughout the 1960s and 1970s in harassing Bahá'ís. SAVAK also had links to Hojjatieh, a radical anti-Bahá'í group. Rahnema and Nomani state that the Shah gave Hojjatieh free rein for their activities toward the Bahá'ís. Keddie states that the accusations of Bahá'ís being part of SAVAK were mainly false pretexts for persecution.
With regards to the accusation that Bahá'ís held many prominent positions in the government of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, there is no empirical study that endeavours to determine the truth of such an accusation. There were a number of individuals who were part of the government and who had Bahá'í backgrounds, but were not Bahá'ís themselves. One problem that arises is the definition of a Bahá'í: a Bahá'í is a member of a voluntary association that admits people only when they meet certain religious qualifications, and one can choose to become, remain or cease to be a Bahá'í. However, Muslims who do not recognize the possibility of apostasy (leaving one's religion) may not understand that individuals are free to reject their previous, in this case Bahá'í, beliefs . 
Bahá'ís have used the term Bahá'ízada to refer to people of Bahá'í background who are not Bahá'ís themselves or part of the Bahá'í community; there is no Muslim equivalent of the term. Of the Bahá'ís who held positions near the Shah, the best known is the Shah's personal physician, Abdol Karim Ayadi. While Asadullah Sanii, another Bahá'í, was appointed Minister of Defence, the Bahá'í community of Iran revoked his administrative rights — as he had accepted a political position and Bahá'ís are prohibited from involvement in partisan politics — the public, however, still continued to associate him with his previous religion. Parviz Sabeti, a SAVAK official, was raised in a Bahá'í family, but had left the religion and was not a member of the community by the time he started working with the agency. 
Other people who were associated with the Bahá'í Faith either had Bahá'í backgrounds or were not connected with the religion at all. For example, it was often rumoured that the Prime Minister Amir-Abbas Hoveida was a Bahá'í. While Hoveida's father had been a Bahá'í, he had left the religion and Hoveida himself was not religious. Other people rumoured to be Bahá'ís included Mahnaz Afkhami, who was the Minister for Women's Affairs and the daughter of a Bahá'í mother, and Farrokhroo Parsa, a cabinet member who was not connected to the religion at all. Chehabi notes that the allegations that half of the Shah's cabinet were Bahá'ís are fanciful and, given the persecution the Bahá'ís have suffered, irresponsible exaggerations.
Bahá'í ties to Freemasonry.
Iranian critics of this faith have also accused the Bahá'í Faith of having ties to Freemasonry. As Freemasonry was a secretive society originating from the West, many in Iran connected the movement with the introduction of foreign ideas into the country in order to undermine Iranian values. Claims were made that many of the earliest Freemason lodges, such as Malkom Khan's "faramush-khanih", which were founded in 1858, were linked to European lodges. However, Freemasonry was brought to Iran by Iranians who had seen the movement in other parts of the world.
Specific accusations connecting the Bahá'í Faith to Freemasonry often include an assertion that Dr. Dhabih Qurban, who was a well-known Bahá'í, was also a freemason. This assertion is based on an Iranian book publishing documents related to Freemasonry in the country; that book states that in specific pages of Fazel Mazandarani's book on the Bahá'í Faith there are statements that Dr. Dhabih Qurban is a Freemason, but in fact Freemasony is not mentioned in the pages of the referenced Bahá'í book. Furthermore, the Iranian book that is the source of the accusation includes a discussion between the Grand Master of the Great Lodge in Iran, and the Grand Master notes that "no Bahá'ís have become masons and this is repeated by others present with no-one disagreeing."
The teachings of the Baha'i Faith expressly forbid membership in secret societies. Shoghi Effendi, the head of the Bahá'í Faith in the first half of the 20th century, asked all Bahá'ís to remove their memberships from all secret societies, including the Freemasons, so that they can serve the teachings of the Bahá'í Faith without compromising their independence.

</doc>
<doc id="18332828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332828" title="2003–04 Scottish Challenge Cup">
2003–04 Scottish Challenge Cup

The 2003–04 Scottish Challenge Cup was the 13th season of the competition, competed for by all 30 members of the Scottish Football League. The defending champions were Queen of the South, who defeated Brechin City 2–0 in the 2002 final. Queen of the South were eliminated in the first round after defeat against Stranraer 
The final was played on 26 October 2003, between Inverness Caledonian Thistle and Airdrie United at McDiarmid Park, Perth. Inverness Caledonian Thistle won 2–0, to claim their first 'major' cup.
First round.
Berwick Rangers and Dumbarton received random byes into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="18332831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332831" title="Zygmunt Kalinowski">
Zygmunt Kalinowski

Zygmunt Kalinowski (born 2 May 1949 in Laski) is a former Polish professional football goalkeeper.
Among the clubs he played for included Legia Warsaw, Śląsk Wrocław and Motor Lublin. He earned 4 caps for the Poland national football team, and was a reserve goalkeeper in the 1974 FIFA World Cup, where Poland finished third.

</doc>
<doc id="18332835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332835" title="Every Body Tells a Story">
Every Body Tells a Story

Every Body Tells a Story is the title of the debut studio album by actress Brigitte Nielsen. It was released in 1987, and was produced by Christian De Walden. 
The title track was released as a single.
The album was a Top30 hit in Italy.
Three singles were released: the title track (a Top 30 hit in Italy), "Maybe" and "It's a strange love". 

</doc>
<doc id="18332845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332845" title="Seaton railway station">
Seaton railway station

"Other stations with this name have included Seaton in Cumbria (Cleator and Workington Junction Railway), Seaton in Durham (NER), Seaton Delaval in Northumberland (NER), Seaton and in Devon (L&SWR) and Seaton Park in Adelaide, Australia."
Seaton railway station was a station serving the villages of Seaton, Rutland, and Harringworth, Northamptonshire.
History.
It was originally a minor intermediate station on the London and North Western Railway single track Rugby and Stamford Railway line, which opened in 1850. In 1873 it became a junction when the LNWR double tracked the line from Rugby to Seaton and opened a new double track line thence to Wansford. Rugby to Peterborough was then operated as the main line and Seaton to Stamford as a branch line. In 1894 the branch line to Uppingham was opened.
Midland Railway.
The Midland Railway Kettering to Manton line passes over the Welland Viaduct a third of a mile to the east, and slightly to the north thereof, passed over the Peterborough and Stamford lines and the Uppingham twice. There was never a connection. The nearest station on the Midland was 1 mile away at Harringworth.
Closure.
The Uppingham branch closed to passengers in 1960, and the Rugby to Peterborough line and Stamford branch in 1966. The Great Northern Railway operated a service between Peterborough North and Leicester Belgrave Road between 1883 and 1916, when the service was withdrawn as a war economy.
Today the station site is a private home and scrapyard.
Former Services
Sample Train Timetable for April 1910.
The table below shows the train departures from Seaton on weekdays in April 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="18332859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332859" title="Easy Money (TV series)">
Easy Money (TV series)

Easy Money is a comedy-drama television series that aired on The CW from October 5, 2008 to August 16, 2009. The series was created by Diane Frolov and Andrew Schneider. The show—along with "Valentine", "Surviving Suburbia", and "In Harm's Way"—are shows programmed by Media Rights Capital (MRC), an independent producer of television programming. The Sunday night block (5pm–10pm) was sold to the producers on a leased-time basis from The CW after the network had no ratings success with the night.
Production of the series was put on hold in mid-October and was expected to resume within four to six weeks. Two weeks later, MRC decided to cancel both "Easy Money" and "Valentine". On November 20, 2008, The CW announced that it was ending its Sunday Night agreement with MRC, removing the current shows and programming the night itself. On July 6, 2009, The CW announced that beginning July 26, the series would begin burning off the remaining episodes Sundays at 7 p.m.
Plot.
28-year-old Morgan Buffkin (Hephner) finds himself in charge of Prestige Payday Loans, his eccentric family's enormously successful short-term loan business.Any doubts Morgan has about running his family's business are quickly replaced by dealing with family business.Morgan's brother Cooper (Ferguson) insists on driving a silver-plated Hummer, Morgan's sister Brandy (Lowes) has questionable morals, he suspects that his mother (Metcalfe) and father (Searcy) are not being completely honest with him about his relation to the family, and every so often, part-time detective Barry (Reinhold) drops in.
International syndication.
Fox Life Serbia has aired the complete series. Fox Life Turkey aired all 8 episodes on 2009.
Episode list.
<onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18332879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332879" title="I'm the One... Nobody Else">
I'm the One... Nobody Else

"I'm the One... Nobody Else" is the title of the second studio album by actress Brigitte Nielsen. It was released in 1992, and was produced by Christian De Walden (Thomas Anders). 
"My Girl (My Guy)" and "How Could You Let Me Go" were released as singles.
The album was re-released by Edel Music in August 2008 under the title "Brigitte Nielsen".
See also.
Thomas Anders - "Down on Sunset" (1992)

</doc>
<doc id="18332884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332884" title="John Ramshaw">
John Ramshaw

"John Ramshaw"' is a former professional football player, who has become a football manager.
Since leaving Eastwood Town in October 2012, John has decided to take a break from football to concentrate on his academic career.
Career.
In 1960, Ramshaw began playing for professional football clubs. Over 18 years he ended up played at several including Newcastle United, Nottingham Forest, Notts County and Hartlepool United. His first opportunity to coach was with the youth team at Notts County, from 1978 until 1983 being awarded his English Football ‘A’ license in 1980. His love of playing football finally overcame him and he joined Shepshed Charterhouse as player-coach in the Southern Premier League.
The following year Ramshaw returned to the professional game with Nottingham Forest looking after their successful youth academy for two years. 
He returned to non-League management with Oakham United in the Central Midlands Football League in 1986, leading the club to the CML League Cup semi-finals.
In 1989 saw he became Manager of Sutton Town then of the Northern Counties East League. and the club embarked on one of the most successful periods in their history, as they were runners up in the Northern Counties East league and League Cup semi-finalists in the three years Ramshaw was with the Snipes.
In 1994, He became the first team coach at the newly renamed Shepshed Dynamo, leading them through the 1994–95 season in the Midland Football Alliance. 
In March 1995, he accepted the opportunity to become Manager of Hucknall Town replacing Ted Mullane. In the seven seasons Ramshaw was at the helm the club, they won the Northern Counties East League and were runners up in the Northern Premier League First Division the following season. They won the Northern Counties East League Cup winners two years in succession and also the Northern Counties East Football League Presidents Cup. They won the Notts Senior Cup three times. They were also runners up once losing to Arnold Town at Coronation Park. They reached the semi finals of the Northern Premier League Challenge Cup. In their last appearance in the FA Vase the last 16 was reached.
He also made one appearance on the substitutes bench.
In addition, Ramshaw gained his UEFA “A” License 2001 and led Hucknall Town’s FC Youth Academy to the Northern U19 Alliance League Championship and first round proper of FA Youth Cup.
November 2001 saw Ramshaw join Eastwood Town as the assistant manager to Bryan Chambers, however it was not long before he became his own man again. Ramshaw took the helm at Northern Premier League club Leek Town in May 2002, taking Paul Cox with him as his assistant. The 2002/03 season saw Leek Town have the tightest defence in the league, yet still only finish in ninth position.
The following season Ramshaw made the short journey across Staffordshire to Kidsgrove Athletic, where they were successful in the Staffordshire Senior Cup final also reaching the semi finals of the Northern Premier League Chairman’s Cup.
Phil Starbuck was quick to get Ramshaw to join him at Arnold Town, during the 2003–04 season. This was followed by Arnold Town’s most successful league campaign for ten seasons. Their best-ever run in the FA Vase (fifth round) ensued and they secured the future of the club by selling Ben Hutchinson to Middlesbrough for £100,000. 
Ramshaw again joined Phil Starbuck at Northern Premier League club Hednesford Town, where they enjoyed a successful but ultimately disappointing season dropping out of the play-off positions in the final few weeks of the season after being in the top two for long periods. 
Ramshaw left Hednesford to take the reins at Lincoln United where he inflicted a first-day defeat on Witton Albion, which was to be their only defeat until the Badgers beat them on the opening day of 2008. He took the opportunity to join Eastwood as Paul Cox’s assistant in October 2007.
In May 2011, Ramshaw was appointed first team manager of Shepshed Dynamo.
He returned to Eastwood Town as manager in November 2011 but again left the club in October 2012 having tendered his resignation.
Ramshaw is currently Academy Director at league two side Mansfield Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18332887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332887" title="University Challenge 2008–09">
University Challenge 2008–09

Series 38 of the quiz show University Challenge began on 7 July 2008 and was broadcast on BBC Two. This is a list of the matches played, their scores, and outcomes.
Notable events and press coverage.
The 2009 series produced the two lowest team scores since the programme was revived by the BBC in 1994. 15 points were achieved by the University of Exeter in the third quarter-final against the later disqualified Corpus Christi College, Oxford, and 30 points were scored by Lincoln College, Oxford in a semi-final against University of Manchester. In the Exeter v. Corpus Christi match, Corpus Christi captain Gail Trimble answered a record fifteen starters correctly, leading to much interest on internet forums and in the popular press. 
It was reported in several newspapers that James Archer of Kings College, Cambridge, had been questioned by police after his decision to wear an RAF surplus jacket on the show – in combination with a dyed red mohican haircut – had prompted several complaints from viewers. Archer had obtained the jacket legally, and no further action was taken.
The final.
The final, between Corpus Christi College and Manchester, was broadcast on 23 February 2009. Before the final, press coverage focused on the Corpus Christi captain, Gail Trimble, who had gained an exceptionally high proportion of her team's points. In the final, which was watched by more than 5 million viewers, the show's highest audience share since at least 2001, Trimble scored 125 points in the last four minutes to lead her team to what appeared at the time to be a clear victory. She was described in the British press as the "human Google", and by a defeated contestant as a "relentless juggernaut of intellectual Blitzkrieg".
A few days after the final was broadcast the BBC undertook an investigation into the eligibility of Corpus Christi team member Sam Kay, after it became evident that he had graduated in June 2008, before the filming of the quarter, semi-final and final matches, despite telling viewers he was studying chemistry. Kay left Corpus Christi after failing to get funding for his PhD and at the time of the final was working as an accountant. The captain of the Manchester team, Matthew Yeo, rejected calls for a rematch of the final. However, in a statement on 2 March 2009, the BBC and the programme's makers, Granada, stated that:"The University Challenge rules on student eligibility are that students taking part must be registered at their university or college for the duration of the recording of the series. Whilst obviously not intending to, Corpus Christi broke this important rule where other universities and colleges taking part adhered to it. We therefore find ourselves in the regrettable position of having no choice but to disqualify Corpus Christi from the final. This means they forfeit their hard-fought title which now goes to the Manchester University team."
Another member of the Corpus Christi team, James Marsden, criticised the BBC decision. He stated that the rules were ambiguous and did not state that students had to be registered at their college for the duration of filming. Gail Trimble was subsequently reported as saying that Corpus Christi, rather than Manchester, still had the trophy, "gathering dust somewhere".

</doc>
<doc id="18332893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332893" title="Integrated circuit card interface device">
Integrated circuit card interface device

Integrated circuit(s) card interface devices are Universal Serial Bus (USB) devices that interface with integrated circuit cards (with contacts, as specified in ISO/IEC 7816). These devices have been assigned the USB class number 0x0B. 
The acronym CCID most commonly refers to the standardized protocol by which a USB host interacts with such a USB smart card reader.

</doc>
<doc id="18332911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332911" title="Five Aces">
Five Aces

Five Aces is a 1999 black comedy/drama film directed by David Michael O'Neill. It stars Charlie Sheen, Christopher McDonald, Aimée Leigh, Jeff Cesario, Michael McGrady, Tia Carrere, Geoffrey Lewis, Virginia Hamilton, Matt Clark, Hannes Jaenicke with John LaMotta and Elizabeth Morehead. It is one of the films where Charlie Sheen is credited as Charles Sheen. The film released direct-to-video in many countries.
Plot.
Chris Martin (Charlie Sheen) is a bachelor who wants to marry his long-time girlfriend. Wanting to enjoy his last few days as a bachelor, Chris spends several nights hanging out with his old friends, as they drink, swap stories, and chase women. What began as a send-off, however, might be something more serious when Martin starts having second thoughts about matrimony. Written, produced and directed by David Michael O'Neill.

</doc>
<doc id="18332916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332916" title="Chaïne Staelens">
Chaïne Staelens

Chaïne Staelens (born November 7, 1980 in Kortrijk, Belgium) is a female volleyball player, who plays as a wing-spiker for the Netherlands. She was a member of the Dutch National Women's Team that won the gold medal at the FIVB World Grand Prix 2007 in Ningbo, PR China. She is the older sister of Kim Staelens, who also plays for the national volleyball squad.
Clubs.
Unilever Rio de Janeiro

</doc>
<doc id="18332925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332925" title="Angelica and the King">
Angelica and the King

Angélique et le Roy known in Italy as Angelica alla corte del re or Angelica (Angelique) and the King is a 1966 French historical romantic adventure film directed by Bernard Borderie. Its stars Giuliano Gemma and Michèle Mercier.
Plot.
In the third film of the Angelique series, the title character is sent on a mission by King Louis XIV of France. Later she learns that rumors are spreading that she is the King's mistress. In addition, she learns a secret.

</doc>
<doc id="18332936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332936" title="Bothwell services">
Bothwell services

Bothwell services is a motorway service station near the small town of Bothwell, Scotland. The service station is located next to the M74 motorway between junctions 4 and 5 and may be accessed in the southbound direction only. It is owned by RoadChef.
Facilities.
The service area comprises of a BP petrol station, a Costa Coffee outlet and WH Smiths newsagent. These are accompanied by RoadChef's own branded restaurant (RestBite).

</doc>
<doc id="18332949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332949" title="Doak S. Campbell">
Doak S. Campbell

Doak Sheridan Campbell was president of Florida State College for Women, as it made the transition from an all-female school under that name to the coeducational Florida State University, between 1941 and 1957.
Early life.
Campbell was born near Waldron, in Scott County, Arkansas on 16 November 1888 the first of six children to Edward and Elizabeth Campbell. He is named after his uncle, Samuel Doak.
Upon graduating from high school, he became a licensed teacher, but left after one year to attend Ouachita Baptist College in Arkadelphia, Arkansas. He was an intercollegiate debate, orator, and distance runner. He was president of his graduating class, and where he obtained a Bachelor of Arts in music and speech in 1911.
Family Life.
Doak Campbell was married to Helen Gray Smith from May 28, 1913 until her death in 1938. They had two children: Doak S. Campbell, Jr., (b. 28 February 1915; d. 1 October 2003) and Elizabeth Caroline Campbell (b. 12 November 1920; d. 3 December 2008).
Son Doak Jr. married Mary C. in 1938 ("estimated"); they had 2 children (son Doak S. Campbell III and daughter Helen Jo Crawford).
Daughter Caroline married Donald Broermann in 1940; they had 3 daughters (Mary Noel Chavez, Claire Parz, and Gina Roen).
He was married to Edna Simmons (1897–1978) from 1941 until his death in 1973. During his tenure as President of the Florida State University, she fulfilled her responsibilities as the wife of a college president with insight and vigor.
Career.
In 1916, Doak S. Campbell began teaching chemistry at Central College, in Conway, Arkansas. In 1920, he became President of the school. While serving in this role, Central College transformed from a failing four-year college to a respectable two-year junior college. Won 2002 Elijah Pitts Award (named after the Conway, Arkansas, native and Green Bay Packer legend) for Conway athletic lifetime achievement.
Later in the 1920s, Campbell began attending George Peabody College for Teachers, receiving a Master's degree in 1928 and a Ph.D. in 1930, at which time he was hired onto the school's faculty. He became Dean of the Graduate School at Peabody in 1938, and remained in that position until accepting the presidency of Florida State College for Women in September 1941.
The Florida State College for Women was renamed Florida State University on May 15, 1947 by a legislative act. The change from a women's school to a coeducational school in 1947 was a substantial one in the school's history, and required great effort from the faculty and Campbell's administration to carry out smoothly. 
Campbell supported a sports program at the school, and encouraged the construction of a football stadium. The stadium was completed in 1950, and named Doak S. Campbell Stadium in his honor.
Dr. Campbell retired from his position on June 30, 1957, but remained in the Tallahassee area as President Emeritus until his death in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18332952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332952" title="Steven Zuber">
Steven Zuber

Steven Zuber (born 17 August 1991) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a midfielder for CSKA Moscow in the Russian Premier League.
Club career.
Grasshopper.
He made his first-team debut for Grasshopper on 12 July 2008 in the Intertoto Cup second round, second leg match against KS Besa, where he came on as an 83rd minute substitute. Soon after that, on 3 August 2008, he made his first league appearance for Grasshopper, in a 1–1 draw with FC Vaduz in the Swiss Super League.
CSKA Moscow.
On 5 July 2013, Zuber signed a five year contract with Russian Premier League Champions CSKA Moscow. Zuber made his CSKA Moscow debut on 13 July 2013, against Zenit St. Petersburg in the 2013 Russian Super Cup, which CSKA won 3-0. Zuber made his league debut 4 days later on 17 July against Ural Sverdlovsk Oblast.
International career.
A member of the 2007–08 Switzerland U-17 squad, he was named as an alternate for the UEFA U-17 Championship held in May 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="18332975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332975" title="Giant resonance">
Giant resonance

Giant resonance is a high-frequency collective excitation of atomic nuclei, as a property of many-body quantum systems. In the macroscopic interpretation of such an excitation in terms of an oscillation, the most prominent giant resonance is a collective oscillation of all protons against all neutrons in a nucleus.
1947, G. C. Baldwin and G. S. Klaiber observed the giant dipole resonance (GDR) in photonuclear reactions, in 1972 the giant quadrupole resonance (GQR) was discovered, and in 1977 the giant monopole resonance (GMR) was discovered in medium and heavy nuclei.
Giant dipole resonances may result in a number of de-excitation events, such as nuclear fission, emission of neutrons or gamma rays, or combinations of these.
Giant dipole resonances can be caused by any mechanism that imparts enough energy to the nucleus. Classical causes are irradiation with gamma rays at energies from 7 to 40 MeV, which couple to nuclei and either cause or increase the dipole moment of the nucleus by adding energy that separates charges in the nucleus. The process is the inverse of gamma decay, but the energies involved are typically much larger, and the dipole moments induced are larger than occur in the excited nuclear states that cause the average gamma decay. 
High energy electrons of >50 MeV may cause the same phenomenon, by coupling to the nucleus via a "virtual gamma photon," in a nuclear reaction that is the inverse (i.e., reverse) of internal conversion decay.

</doc>
<doc id="18332979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332979" title="Warrensburg High School">
Warrensburg High School

Warrensburg High School (WHS) is a public high school located at 1411 S. Ridgeview Dr. in Warrensburg, Missouri. The school was built in 1987 as a successor to Sterling Elementary School (formerly known as Warrensburg High School). It is part of the Warrensburg R-VI school district. Nearly 1,000 students ranging from grades 9-12 attend the high school.
History.
Warrensburg High School was built in 1896 at the corner of Maguire and Grover streets. It was replaced in the early to mid-1920s by the brick Junior-Senior High School now known as Martin Warren Elementary built in the same location. In the 1960s the Senior High was moved to a new location. This became the Warrensburg Middle school when the high school moved to its current location in 1987 and is known as Sterling Elementary after the completion of a New middle school in the mid-1990s. The traditional valedictorian and salutatorian awards were officially discontinued after the graduating class of 2008. The awards were replaced with Latin honors such as Summa Cum Laude, Magna Cum Laude, and Cum Laude starting with the class of 2009.
Athletics.
Warrensburg High School is classified as a class-4 school by the Missouri State High School Activities Association. The sports at the high school include baseball, basketball, cross-country, football, golf, soccer, softball, swimming, tennis, track and field, volleyball, band, and wrestling. Most of these sports have both varsity and junior varsity teams, and some of the most popular sports also field freshman teams. The official mascot of the school is the tiger and the official colors are cardinal red and white, though maroon and black have also been used. The Tigers have won five state championships, 32 district championships, and over 50 conference championships. Local rivals include Harrisonville High School, Clinton High School, and Smith-Cotton High School.
Extracurricular activities and programs.
Students at WHS have the opportunity to participate in a wide variety of extracurricular activities.

</doc>
<doc id="18332983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332983" title="Gary Ashby">
Gary Ashby

Gary W. Ashby (born 1955) was the head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders baseball team from 1984 to 1986.
Biography.
Ashby was born in Lubbock, Texas and graduated from Monterey High School. He played college baseball at Texas Tech University and was All-Region in 1976 and All-American in 1977. He was drafted by the San Diego Padres in the 22nd round of the 1977 Major League Baseball Amateur Draft. 
Ashby served as assistant coach at Texas Tech from 1982 to 1983, before serving as head coach. He was elected into the Texas Tech Athletic Hall of Honor in 1999. 

</doc>
<doc id="18332994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18332994" title="Sanna Visser">
Sanna Visser

Sanna Visser (born May 2, 1984 in Friesland) is a female volleyball player from the Netherlands, who plays in different positions. She was a member of the Dutch National Women's Team that won the gold medal at the FIVB World Grand Prix 2007 in Ningbo, PR China.

</doc>
<doc id="18333000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333000" title="Surviving Suburbia">
Surviving Suburbia

Surviving Suburbia is an American sitcom starring Bob Saget and Cynthia Stevenson that aired on American Broadcasting Company (ABC) from April 6 to August 7, 2009. The series originally aired at 9:30 PM Eastern/8:30 PM Central following "Dancing with the Stars", before moving to Fridays at 8:30 PM Eastern/7:30 PM Central for its remaining episodes. It was the first program starring Saget to air on ABC since he left "America's Funniest Home Videos" in 1997. 
On August 8, 2009, ABC Entertainment President Steve McPherson announced that "Surviving Suburbia", along with "The Goode Family", had officially been cancelled due to low ratings.
Premise.
A half-hour comedy dubbed as a male version of "Roseanne", "Surviving Suburbia" focused on a father named Steve Patterson (Bob Saget), his wife Anne (Cynthia Stevenson), and their two children, Henry and Courtney. The Pattersons lead ordinary, uneventful lives until their new next-door neighbors begin causing several problems, turning their suburban lifestyle upside-down.
Programming history.
In 2008, The CW announced plans to air the comedy as part of their Sunday night programming block with Media Rights Capital or MRC. The series was set to air November 2, and 13 episodes were taped.
When the MRC block started, it faced very low ratings against other networks (especially with FOX's "Animation Domination"). After only a few weeks the CW pulled the entire block and announced that the status of "Suburbia's" air date was TBA. An additional factor in schecduling changes may have been the fact that Media Rights Capital had been unable to keep up with the set production schedule and had begun running out of episodes. CW never released any announcements concerning the series' air date.
On February 6, 2009, ABC, which had previously aired Mr. Saget in two programs: "Full House" and "America's Funniest Home Videos", announced that it would be airing "Surviving Suburbia" starting April 6.
When the first episode aired, it garned 12.16 million viewers and 3.2/8 million viewers in the 18-49 demographics but ratings kept dropping and it lost a lot of its lead-in (Dancing with the Stars).
"Surviving Suburbia" returned to the 8:00PM Eastern/7:00PM Central slot on Friday, June 12 and finished its first and final season on Friday, August 7.
International airings.
The program premiered on October 2009 in Greece on Greece's Fox Life. In Portugal, it airs every weekday at 9:45on Fox Life.

</doc>
<doc id="18333003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333003" title="Eisenia andrei">
Eisenia andrei

Eisenia andrei is a close relative of the 'brandling' or 'tiger' worm, "Eisenia fetida". Like its sibling species, it is epigeic, i.e. it prefers to live in compost or leaf litter rather than mineral soils. 
It can be distinguished from "E. fetida" as it is darker in colour, and the characteristic stripes are less pronounced. Although its status as a separate species was fully confirmed in the mid-1980s by molecular analyses (based on electrophoresis of protein isoforms), "E. andrei" is still often misidentified and confused with " E. fetida".

</doc>
<doc id="18333024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333024" title="David Pugh">
David Pugh

David Pugh, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18333031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333031" title="Steven Deana">
Steven Deana

Steven Deana (born 4 March 1990) is a Swiss football goalkeeper currently playing for FC Sion.
Career.
Deana began his career with FC Wetzikon and joined in summer 2003 to FC Effretikon. After only one season with FC Effretikon was scouted from FC Winterthur in June 2005. In summer 2005 left FC Winterthur to sign a youth contract with Grasshopper.
On 21 June 2009 he left Grasshopper of the Swiss Super League and signed his first professional contract with the Liechtensteiner club FC Vaduz.
Honours.
2009: 71st Blue Stars/FIFA Youth Cup "best Goalkeeper Award"

</doc>
<doc id="18333044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333044" title="Diocese of South-West Tanganyika">
Diocese of South-West Tanganyika

The Anglican Diocese of South-West Tanganyika is one of 26 dioceses within the Anglican Church of Tanzania.
It was created in 1952, its first Bishop was Leslie Stradling. After Michael Westall's return to the United Kingdom the Episcopal See was vacant for a time before the appointment of John Simalenga. 
The main diocese of the Iringa region centering on Iringa town itself is the Diocese of Ruaha. Its first Bishop, who has for many years also been the Archbishop of Tanzania, is Donald Mtetemela. The diocese is particularly well known for its pioneering work with disabled people, most especially through their Neema Crafts Centre. They are also heavily involved in rural development and have brought large-scale water supplies to several outlying areas. Their main offices are located in Iringa town behind the Neema Crafts building.

</doc>
<doc id="18333048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333048" title="Arthur Froehlich">
Arthur Froehlich

Arthur Froehlich (May 17, 1909 — October 3, 1985), of the firm Arthur Froehlich & Associates, was an architect from Beverly Hills, California, known for his mid-century supermarkets and racetracks.
Buildings credited to Arthur Froehlich & Associates:

</doc>
<doc id="18333070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333070" title="Nasr Mahrous">
Nasr Mahrous

Nasr Mahrous Abdel Masih Tanious (born 7 January 1969) is a Egyptian music producer, best known for his Free Music art production company.
He produces musical albums by involving himself in the compositions, lyrics, arrangement and sits by the sound engineer giving his opinion.
Early life.
Nasr Mahrous was born at home in Heliopolis, Cairo, the son of Mahrous Abdel Masih and Mathilda Botros. He is the second elder brother to three sisters, and two brothers Amir Mahrous and Hani Mahrous both sound engineers. Nasr was educated in a public school in Heliopolis.
He started at an early age in the world of music, working with his father who working in Cairo and surrounding villages with artists such as Mohamed Roshdy, Karem Mahmoud, Moharram Fouad and Mohamed Kandeel. Mr Mahrous has worked with female artists such as Nadia Mostafa, and Sabrine. He owns two recording studios (M-Sound 1 and M- Sound 2) which are run by his sons
Amir Mahrous and Hani Mahrous.
He worked as a cassette distributor for the albums his father produced. His brother Amir Mahrous was working with him, they travelled from town to town and village to village all over Egypt distributing their Father’s productions.
Father and son never stopped working together, they release albums produced by the father and labeled and distributed by Free Music. 
Record business.
In the late 1980s, Nasr Mahrous began his own business after he discovered his passion for music and his ability to make a special style of Arabic music.
He founded his record company by the name of Free Music-Nasr Mahrous Star Maker. 
Amin Sami was the first singer discovered by Nasr, he signed with the company and released three successful albums.
Nasr rediscovered artists, wiped off the dust on some, polished the vocals of others and refreshed their talents, and helped them successfully go back to the top of the charts in new styles and looks.
He started with Samir Sroor who was in the 1970s one of the best saxophone players in the Arab world, he was a member of Al- Maseyah Band with the late singer Abdel Halim Hafez. Sroor stopped playing music for a time after the death of Abdel Halim Hafez in the late 1970s. Nasr Mahrous being a fan of Abdel Halim Hafez's art, he got in contact with Sroor and together they released five instrumental albums under the name (Ashek El-Sax) meaning Saxophone Lover. The albums includes instrumental pieces from Abdel Halim Hafez's most famous tracks.
Khaled Agag is another example of a great masculine voice, but not great luck with record companies, until he met Nasr Mahrou. He released four successful albums with a few huge hits and a couple of video clips directed by Nasr Mahrous.
Mohammed Fouad was already a well known singer, but as he was working on his debut film Ismaeleya Rayeh Gaay he met Nasr Mahrous who was producing its soundtrack album Kamannana and that was the first album signed between them. Both film and soundtrack were a success, so the artist and the producer released another album Elhob Elhaee’ee with a video clip of the song Elhob Elhaee’ee meaning "The True Love". It was filmed in a school (Collège de la Salle) with hundreds of children kids singing about the true love of family members.
Mohamed Mohie was a young artist who released a couple of albums but was looking for a good production company to enhance his talent, so he joined the team of Free Music, and released two albums of which Nasr Mahrous directed three video clips of the hit songs.
In the 1980s, Nasr Mahrous was a fan of Mohamed Mouir who was a well known pop artist, but stayed quite far away from the music world for a long time. He signed under the label of Free Music in 2000 and released his first album (Fi Eshk Elbanat – In the love of girls) which was a success, and they both decided to go for another album (Albi Masaken shaabeya – My Heart is suburbs) and filmed the video clip of So, Ya So.
The Star Maker.
In the late 1990s, Nasr Mahrous started a series of compilations called Free Mix in which he released singles for each artist. In these compilations Nasr Mahrous discovered his own voice and sang two songs under a southern Egyptian nickname Hareedi, singing in a southern Egyptian accent.
Bahaa, Sultan was another talent, Nasr loved his voice and it was he who named him 'Sultan", in the Arabic music world it means a Leader in singing. The single (Ehlef – Swear) was released in the first Free Mix compilation and was followed with a debut album in 1999 (Yalli Mashi – You who're Leaving) and another one in 2001 (Talat Da'aye'e – Three Minutes) and then (Oum Ou’af wenta betkalemni – Stand up when you talk to me) which became a funny slogan in the Arabic world. The latest album was (Kan Zaman – Once Upon a time) it included his hit single (Elwad Albo beyewga’oo – The Lad’s heart aches).
In early 2002 Nasr Mahrous challenged the world with two of the most famous voices in the Arab World. He released his 3rd Free Mix album, but this time it had just two artists, the Cassette's side A had Sherine and her hit (Ah Ya Leil- Oh Night) while Side B had Tamer Hosny with his (Habibi we Enta Ba'eed – Baby when You're away). The two songs were released at the same time as video clips and were on top of the charts as soon as they were released.
Sherine the short haired girl next door reached stardom after releasing two of her most successful albums (Garh Tani – Another wound) and (Lazem A'eesh – I must Live). Nasr Mahrous also directed six other video clips. She was showered with offers from other music production companies so she broke the contract with Nasr Mahrous to change to another company in 2006.
The romantic young singer Tamer Hosni, released five albums (Hob - Love), (Enaya Bethebak- My Eyes love you), (ELganna Fi Beyotna – Paradis is in Our Houses), (Ya Bent El Eh- What a girl You are) and finally (Arrab Kaman- Get closer) - which was the soundtrack of Nasr Mahrous' debut film in directing Captain Hima starring Tamer Hosni in 2008. Tamer broke off the contract to go to another company that would give him the freedom to make his own style of music.
Nasr Mahrous released the first album made especially for kids under the name Free Baby; it included eight songs, four of them which were sung by a group of kids from the conservatoire of Cairo. The music video for the song (Baba Fen – Where’s your Dad?) was directed by Nasr Mahrous. Nasr Mahrous was invited by many Arab TV shows to talk about the phenomenon of (Baba Fen?) and group of kids "Free Baby". 
Hareedi came out again in the album to sing two songs (Heb Baba, Heb Mama -Love your Dad, love your Mom) which its video was directed and acted by Nasr Mahrous at the same time, the other song was (Old Hareedi) which was inspired by the international folklore song (Old McDonald's).
Free mix 4 was released in 2004 to test the waters of a couple new young singers. Souma is a female artist with an extraordinary voice, she sings in Opera Aida and took her first chance to become a pop artist through a duet song with Bahaa Sultan (Elli Fe Eini- what's in my eyes). She released her debut album in 2006 (Eib Alek – Shame on you).
Diab has a powerful voice, and had one song in the compilation (Ghamazat – Dimples). It was a major hit.
Nasr Mahrous signed with Haitham Shaker a young man with a romantic voice, the company released for him (Garh El-nas – Hurting others).
In early 2010, Nasr Mahrous had a health collapse and was rushed to the hospital for emergency colostomy surgery. While he was lying in the hospital, his debut album - which was named "Elaaw", meaning "Boo", was released. 
About three months later, Nasr Mahrous headed to the hospital for a colostomy reversal surgery. While he was in the hospital, his second album - "Dah Habibi" meaning "That's my Lover", was released.
The lyricist.
42 hits have been written by Nasr Mahrous:
2010 Diab : El 'Awoo
2009 Shirene : Habit
2009 Abdelfattah Greiny : 'Ayesh Hayato
2008 Haitham Shaker : Gedid 3alaya
2008 Tamer Hosny : Arrab Kaman
2007 Camilia : Makansh Hob
2007 Tamer Hosny : Ya Bent El Eih
2006 Souma : Aeib A'alik
2006 Tamer Hosny : Aenaya Bethebbak
2006 Bahaa' Sultan : Kan Zaman
2005 Shirene : Lazem Aa'eesh
2004 Tamer Hosny : Hob
2004 Free Mix 4
2003 Shirene : Garh Tany
2003 Bahaa' Sultan : Ooum O'af
2002 Free Mix 3
Folkloric songs.
Nasr Mahrous has produced the following two songs:
Video Clip Director.
Mohamed Fouad:
Khalid Agag:
Khalid Agag & Mohamed Mounir:
Mohamed Mohie:
Mohamed Mounir:
Bahaa Sultan:
Sherine:
Tamer Hosny:
Mohamed Mohie:
Hareedi (Nasr Mahrous)
Free Baby
Hasan Al-Asmar
Mohamed Roshdy:
Soma:
Diab:

</doc>
<doc id="18333071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333071" title="In Harm's Way (TV series)">
In Harm's Way (TV series)

"In Harm's Way" is a one-hour American reality television series on The CW that looked at the lives of people who do dangerous jobs. Each unscripted episode followed the individuals who risk their lives in life-threatening jobs, including war photographers, oil well cappers, the Alaskan Coast Guard, bicycle messengers in Boston and minesweepers. The show was hosted by a former US Navy fighter pilot, Hunter Ellis.
The first episode was broadcast on October 5, 2008, at 7 pm Eastern time. The season averaged 0.69 million viewers and 0.2 of adults 18-49.
It was cancelled after just five episodes, along with the other MRC-produced series, and was replaced by re-runs of "Jericho", with three produced episodes unshown.

</doc>
<doc id="18333074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333074" title="Mirjam Orsel">
Mirjam Orsel

Mirjam Orsel (born April 1, 1978 in Amsterdam, Noord-Holland) is a female volleyball player from the Netherlands, who plays as a middle-blocker. She was a member of the Dutch National Women's Team that won the gold medal at the FIVB World Grand Prix 2007 in Ningbo, PR China.

</doc>
<doc id="18333078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333078" title="Pentecostal Assemblies of Jesus Christ">
Pentecostal Assemblies of Jesus Christ

The Pentecostal Assemblies of Jesus Christ (PAJC) is an independent association of Pentecostal Churches, primarily located in the United States. Like many Pentecostal groups, they trace their modern history to the Azusa Street Revival of 1906. Historically they have had members across the USA and in nearly every county. They were formally organized in 1931. The original headquarters were located in Columbus Ohio, later moved to St. Louis, Missouri, then to Cleveland, Ohio. Today they are in Bowersville, Ohio.
The PAJC consider themselves (as do most Pentecostal groups) to be a continuation of the great revival that began on the day of Pentecost at Jerusalem, AD 33. They believe their doctrines to be founded upon the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ being the chief cornerstone. (Acts 2:1-42; Eph. 2:19-20).
Publications.
"The Pentecostal Outlook" is the official publication of the Pentecostal Assemblies of Jesus Christ, Inc. It has been in publication since 1956. It is published bi-monthly.
History.
The Pentecostal Assemblies of Jesus Christ (PAJC) is one of the oldest active Pentecostal organizations in the world. Two of the largest Pentecostal organizations United Pentecostal Church International & Pentecostal Assemblies of the World were once part of the Pentecostal Assemblies of Jesus Christ and a third, the International Circle of Faith, traces its roots to the PAJC. All of these groups trace their roots to a revival in 1906 (Azusa Street) that has become synonymous with the Pentecostal movement. According to Pentecostal historian Morris Golder, in 1931 a unity conference with representatives from four Oneness Pentecostalism organizations met in Columbus, Ohio, in an attempt to bring more Oneness organizations under the same banner. This attempt was partially successful. 
The Pentecostal Ministerial Alliance ministers voted to merge with The Apostolic Church of Jesus Christ, but the terms of the proposed merger were not accepted by the ministers of The Apostolic Church of Jesus Christ. Ministers from the Apostolic Church of Jesus Christ and the Pentecostal Assemblies of the World withdrew from their respective organizations and formed a new organization in November 1931. They adopted the name of The Pentecostal Assemblies of Jesus Christ (PAJC) 
In the year of 1945, the PAJC and the Pentecostal Churches Inc. (PCI) merged forming what is now called the United Pentecostal Church (UPCI). According to Pentecostal historian Dr. Bernie L. Wade, in August 1946, a group of brethren became dissatisfied with the merger with the United Pentecostal Church, revived the original charter of the PAJC and reorganized the group. There were a number of reasons for the dissatisfaction but historian Morris Golder believes that the primary issues were related to the treatment of the United Pentecostal Church of black (Negro) ministers. 
In the spring of 1948 the Churches of the Lord Jesus Christ met with the brethren of the PAJC and proposal a merger. In August, 1948 the merger became complete. At that time a proposal was issued to the new secretary, J. Frank Wilson, to make an amendment that both charters be dropped. This action was never taken and both charters lay idle until the reviving of the charter came about forming the Assemblies of Jesus Christ.
The old charter of the PAJC again lay idle until the year of 1955. Then a group of ministers led by Bishop Carl Angle (Nashville, TN), Bishop Ray Cornell (Pastor of Apostolic Faith Church of God, Cleveland, OH) and Bishop C. B. Gillespie (Fairmont, WV) went to the State of Ohio and took out a charter known as the PAJC, Inc. The PAJC, Inc. is still chartered in the state of Ohio. They believe themselves to be Apostolic in doctrine and teachings, and believe that they use only the Bible as their guide book. 
The new headquarters was established (using the strength of Bishop Ray O. Cornell's 2500 member Apostolic Faith Church of God) in Cleveland Ohio (established in 1932). Bishop Ray Cornell, Bishop Carl Angle, and Bishop Charles B. Gillespie became the catalyst to the recharter effort. During the 1950s and 1960s the group's headquarters was at 2050 West 55th Street. The group grew through an aggressive recruitment effort spearheaded by national evangelist Carl Angle. It also grew by a number of mergers with other groups who were using the PAJC name. Most notable is the Southeast PAJC with Bishop J. T. Bass and the PAJC of Knoxville, Iowa where the group's printing presses were housed and publications were printed.

</doc>
<doc id="18333086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333086" title="Pasquale Sbarra">
Pasquale Sbarra

Pasquale Sbarra (born 4 June 1988) is a Swiss-Italian football defender who plays for YF Juventus in the 1. Liga Promotion. From 2006 till 2009 he played for Grasshopper Club Zurich II in the 1. Liga. In 2010 he changed to FC Winterthur in the Challenge League in Switzerland.
In the season 2008-09 he played in the UEFA Intertoto Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18333099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333099" title="Teddy Morgan">
Teddy Morgan

Edward "Teddy" Morgan (22 May 1880 – 1 September 1949) was a Welsh international rugby union player. He was a member of the winning Wales team who beat the 1905 touring All Blacks and is remembered for scoring the winning try. He played club rugby for London Welsh and Swansea.
Career.
Morgan became a General Practitioner in Sketty, Swansea before moving to a new practice in East Anglia. While at Sketty, another international rugby player joined his practice in the early 1920s, D Bertram, who would go on to be capped 11 times for Scotland. Morgan died on 1 September 1949 in North Walsham. In 2008, Morgan was celebrated by the local council when it was decided to raise a blue plaque at his birthplace to commemorate his life.
Rugby career.
Wales.
Morgan had moved to London from Newport in 1902 to take up a post at Guy's Hospital in London, where he took up playing with the Welsh exiles, London Welsh. It was while playing in London that Morgan earned his first international call up, against England. Morgan's career with Wales saw him score 14 tries from the wing, but his most well remembered was the try he scored against the Original All Blacks in 1905. In the monumental match between the unbeaten All Blacks and the Triple Crown-winning Welsh team, Morgan is believed to have led the his team in singing the Welsh national anthem in response to the New Zealanders' haka. This was the first time a national anthem had been sung at a sporting event. During a strongly contested game, a single score decided the game. In the twenty-fifth minute, Welsh scrum half Dicky Owen released the ball to Cliff Pritchard, who received the ball at ankle level before darting forward. Having passed by Bob Dean, Pritchard released to Rhys Gabe who in turn found Morgan. Morgan dummied George Gillett and touched the ball down in the corner.
As well as scoring the winning try for Wales against the 1905 All Blacks, he was also central to a controversial decision during the match. During the game, New Zealand player Bob Deans dived for the Welsh try line with the ball and was tackled by Cliff Pritchard and Rhys Gabe. The referee decided Deans landed short, and no try was given. Morgan stated later that the ball was successfully grounded and the try should have counted.
International games played.
Wales
British Isles.
In 1904 Morgan was one of the Welsh players chosen to tour Australasia under the captaincy of Bedell-Sivright. Morgan would captain the British team against both Australia and New Zealand during this tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18333101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333101" title="Hornakht">
Hornakht

Prince Hornakht was the son of pharaoh Osorkon II. He was appointed by Osorkon II to the office of chief priest of Amun at Tanis to strengthen this king's authority in Lower Egypt. However, this was primarily a political move on Osorkon II's part since Hornakht died before the age of 10. 
When Hornakht died at this young age, Osorkon II made provisions to ensure that his son would be buried in this king's own tomb at Tanis. While tomb robbers managed to penetrate the burial of Hornakht in antiquity, his sarcophagus still preserved parts of the tomb treasures which were once placed upon the prince's mummy since a large granite block placed over Hornakht's burial prevented them from lifting its lid completely. Secondly, most of the grave robbers attention were focused upon the sarcophagus of Osorkon II which would have featured vastly more splendid treasures.
The grave robbers succeeded in removing the gold funerary mask which covered Hornakht's face as well as some ornaments which adorned his neck; however, they abandoned their efforts to steal the remainder of the prince's funerary treasures. Therefore, when Egyptologists discovered the burial of Hornakht, they found a series of gold amulets which covered parts of the prince's mummy. They are small in size but enjoy a high quality finish; some are made of gold partitioned lapis lazuli and other semi-precious stones which represent various mythical symbols intended to safeguard the sanctity of Hornakht's mummified body. 

</doc>
<doc id="18333110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333110" title="Brady Nelson">
Brady Nelson

Brady Nelson is an American businessman who is the former majority owner of the professional Arena Football League team Spokane Shock. He received his B.S. in Business Management in 2002 from the Brigham Young University Marriott School of Management. While a student there, Nelson created Regal Satellite and Security. In April 2005, shortly after graduating from BYU, Nelson with friends Adam Nebeker and Eric Enloe created the Spokane Shock with Nelson as majority owner.

</doc>
<doc id="18333112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333112" title="Madison County Courthouse (Florida)">
Madison County Courthouse (Florida)

The Madison County Courthouse, built in 1913, is an historic courthouse building located in Madison, Florida. It is Madison County's fourth courthouse and the third built in Madison. The first log building at San Pedro was abandoned along with the town. The second courthouse built in 1840 in Madison burned in 1876 and was replaced by an 1880 brick structure which burned in 1912. The present building is unusual among Florida courthouses of its vintage in never having been added onto or expanded. In 1989, the Madison County Courthouse was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.

</doc>
<doc id="18333127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333127" title="Rectified 5-simplexes">
Rectified 5-simplexes

In five-dimensional geometry, a rectified 5-simplex is a convex uniform 5-polytope, being a rectification of the regular 5-simplex.
There are three unique degrees of rectifications, including the zeroth, the 5-simplex itself. Vertices of the "rectified 5-simplex" are located at the edge-centers of the "5-simplex". Vertices of the "birectified 5-simplex" are located in the triangular face centers of the "5-simplex".
Rectified 5-simplex.
In five dimensional geometry, a rectified 5-simplex, is a uniform 5-polytope with 15 vertices, 60 edges, 80 triangular faces, 45 cells (15 tetrahedral, and 30 octahedral), and 12 4-faces (6 5-cell and 6 rectified 5-cells). It is also called 03,1 for its branching Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, shown as .
The rectified 5-simplex, 031, is second in a dimensional series of uniform polytopes, expressed by Coxeter as 13k series. The fifth figure is a Euclidean honeycomb, 331, and the final is a noncompact hyperbolic honeycomb, 431. Each progressive uniform polytope is constructed from the previous as its vertex figure.
Coordinates.
The vertices of the "rectified 5-simplex" can be more simply positioned on a hyperplane in 6-space as permutations of (0,0,0,0,1,1) "or" (0,0,1,1,1,1). These construction can be seen as facets of the rectified 6-orthoplex or birectified 6-cube respectively.
Birectified 5-simplex.
The birectified 5-simplex is isotopic, with all 12 of its facets as rectified 5-cells. It has 20 vertices, 90 edges, 120 triangular faces, 60 cells (30 tetrahedral, and 30 octahedral). It is also called 02,2 for its branching Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, shown as .
Construction.
The "birectified 5-simplex" is the intersection of two regular 5-simplices in dual configuration. As such, it is also the intersection of a 6-cube with the hyperplane that bisects the hexeract's long diagonal orthogonally. In this sense it is the 5-dimensional analog of the regular hexagon, octahedron, and bitruncated 5-cell. This characterization yields simple coordinates for the vertices of a birectified 5-cell in 6-space: the 20 distinct permutations of (1,1,1,−1,−1,−1).
The vertices of the "birectified 5-simplex" can also be positioned on a hyperplane in 6-space as permutations of (0,0,0,1,1,1). This construction can be seen as facets of the birectified 6-orthoplex.
Related polytopes.
k_22 polytopes.
The "birectified 5-simplex", 022, is second in a dimensional series of uniform polytopes, expressed by Coxeter as k22 series. The "birectified 5-simplex" is the vertex figure for the third, the 122. The fourth figure is a Euclidean honeycomb, 222, and the final is a noncompact hyperbolic honeycomb, 322. Each progressive uniform polytope is constructed from the previous as its vertex figure.
Related uniform 5-polytopes.
This polytope is the vertex figure of the 6-demicube, and the edge figure of the uniform 231 polytope.
It is also one of 19 uniform polytera based on the [3,3,3,3] Coxeter group, all shown here in A5 Coxeter plane orthographic projections. (Vertices are colored by projection overlap order, red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, purple having progressively more vertices)

</doc>
<doc id="18333149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333149" title="Lon Burnam">
Lon Burnam

Lon Maxwell Burnam (born July 11, 1953) is the Texas state representative for Texas House district 90, which encompasses downtown Fort Worth and surrounding areas. Burnam, a Democrat, serves as the executive director of the Dallas Peace Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18333154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333154" title="Dolly Dimples (Utah)">
Dolly Dimples (Utah)

Dolly Dimples was a 1909 publicity stunt in Salt Lake City by the (long defunct) Salt Lake Herald-Republican newspaper, involving a pretty girl in a new automobile, in this case an American Traveler. A $500 reward (roughly $25,000 in 2008 dollars) was offered for the "capture" of Miss Dolly Dimples. No record is available of the outcome of the contest.

</doc>
<doc id="18333156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333156" title="Hamilton services">
Hamilton services

Hamilton services is a motorway service station near the town of Hamilton, Scotland. The service station is located next to the M74 motorway between junctions 6 and 5 and may be accessed in the northbound direction only. It is owned by RoadChef.
Facilities.
The service area comprises a Days Inn hotel, a BP petrol station, a Costa Coffee outlet and WH Smiths newsagent. These are accompanied by RoadChef's own branded restaurant (RestBite).

</doc>
<doc id="18333164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333164" title="Ann-Marie Gallagher">
Ann-Marie Gallagher

Ann-Marie Gallagher is an author, historian, feminist, witch, and a senior lecturer at the University of Central Lancashire (UCLan) in England. She has written extensively on her subjects, and appears often on British radio. For years she has been practising, teaching, and broadcasting on witchcraft, Pagan and goddess spirituality, women's studies, magic, gender, and folklore. Her books include "Inner Magic: A Guide to Witchcraft", "The Way of the Goddess" and "The Spells Bible: The Definitive Guide to Charms and Enchantments". She is course leader for Sociology at UCLan in Preston, England. She is married and has three children, and lives in Lancashire, England with her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="18333169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333169" title="Plato and a Platypus Walk Into a Bar">
Plato and a Platypus Walk Into a Bar

Plato and a Platypus Walk Into a Bar – Understanding Philosophy Through Jokes is a book that explains basic philosophical concepts through classic jokes. Thomas Wilson Cathcart and Daniel Martin Klein, graduates of Harvard in philosophy, collaborated on the book. The book became a bestseller soon after publication. It has been translated into 25 languages and appeared on bestseller lists in the U.S., France, and Israel.
"Plato and a Platypus" examines the classic categories of philosophy, with concepts explained or illustrated by jokes. 
The concept behind the book in the Introduction: “The construction and payoff of jokes and the construction and payoff of philosophical concepts are made out of the same stuff. They tease the mind in the same ways…philosophy and jokes proceed from the same impulse: to confound our sense of the way things are, to flip our worlds upside down, and to ferret out hidden, often uncomfortable, truths about life. What the philosopher calls an insight, the gagster calls a zinger.”
Quote from the book.
"A guy comes home from a business trip and finds his wife in bed, a nervous look on her face. He opens the closet to hang up his coat, and finds his best friend standing there, naked. Stunned, he says, "Lenny, what are you doing here?" 
Lenny shrugs and says, "Everybody's got to be someplace." 
In this gag, Lenny is giving a Hegelian answer to an existential question. The question is about the existential circumstances in the here-and-now, but the answer is from a grand, universal vantage point, what the latter-day Hegelian Bette Midler called “seeing the world from a distance."

</doc>
<doc id="18333189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333189" title="Alice Blom">
Alice Blom

Alice Blom (born April 7, 1980, Oudeschild) is a female volleyball player from the Netherlands, who plays as a spiker for Azerbaijani Igtisadchi Baku.
She was a member of the Dutch National Women's Team that won the gold medal at the FIVB World Grand Prix 2007 in Ningbo, PR China.

</doc>
<doc id="18333190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333190" title="Leonato">
Leonato

Leonato may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18333201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333201" title="Bastø Fosen">
Bastø Fosen

Bastø Fosen AS is a shipping company that operates the Moss–Horten Ferry, the most trafficked ferry route in Norway. The company, which operates the three ferries MF "Bastø I", MF "Bastø II" and MF "Bastø III", carried 1.3 million cars and 2.5 million passengers in 2006. The crossing takes 30 minutes, and the ferries provide two departures per hour throughout the day in each direction, with reduced schedules on the weekends.
History.
The company is a subsidiary of Fosen Trafikklag, and received concession to operate the ferries from 1995, after the former company Gokstad did not offer as good a deal for the authorities. For the first two years traffic was performed with two leased ships. In 2003 Bastø Fosen received concession for operations until 2015, after the Norwegian Public Roads Administration had rejected a competing offer from Stavangerske. The route is the only in the country not to receive any operating subsidies. Bastø Fosen used the concession extension as collateral for ordering the new ferry "Bastø III". In 2008 Bastø Fosen announced they were interested in increasing the number of ferries to four. The Public Road Administration has launched plans to build a tunnel under the fjord to replace the ferries, estimated to cost ; in comparison a bridge would cost NOK 15 billion. A tunnel would have to be financed as a toll road.
Fleet.
MS "Bastø I" and MS "Bastø II" are identical ships delivered in 1997 for the takeover of the route. They have a capacity of 200 cars and 550 passengers and were built at Fosen Mekaniske Verksted.
MS "Bastø III" was delivered in 2005 in conjunction with the second concession period. With a capacity of 212 cars and 540 passengers, she was built at Remontowa Yard in Gdansk.

</doc>
<doc id="18333202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333202" title="5608 Olmos">
5608 Olmos

5608 Olmos is a main belt asteroid with an orbital period of 1,567.8586879 days (4.29 years). 
The asteroid was discovered on March 12, 1993, and named after actor Edward James Olmos.

</doc>
<doc id="18333210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333210" title="Clickability">
Clickability

Clickability, Inc., a Web content management system (WCM) company founded in 1999, was acquired by Limelight Networks in May, 2011. Limelight Networks WCM solution provides a software-as-a-service (SaaS) platform for web content creation, management, publishing, and analytics. Enterprise customers include NetApp, Amcor and Cantor Fitzgerald as well as media customers NBC, Gray Television, Tribeca Film Festival, CNN, PR Newswire, The Wall Street Journal and Time magazine. Other news organizations use a subset of the company's interactive tools to augment their own content management systems.
Clickability's product, the On-Demand Web Content Management Platform, won the 2008 CODiE Award for "Best Content Management Solution." It was named to the 2008-2009 Econtent 100 list and was named in the 2010 Hottest San Francisco Companies list by Lead411.
Clickability hosts many news service's domains using CNAME records pointing to itself, rather than a utilizing a full website with its own full domain. This is done under the "clickability" domain for the purpose of making websites unreachable if a user has ad-blocking software installed that blocks clickability's ads by blocking its domain. While this was anticipated to force users to view unwanted advertisements, in many cases it has instead resulted in the websites hosted under the clickability domain (instead of their own domain) to become inaccessible themselves. There is no easy fix for this problem at present, short of individually listing each site, or just letting them all remain blocked.

</doc>
<doc id="18333241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333241" title="Immortal?">
Immortal?

Immortal? is the fourth studio album by the British progressive rock band Arena, released in 2000.
Track listing.
All songs by Mitchell, Nolan & Pointer, except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="18333242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333242" title="Ga'ash">
Ga'ash

Ga'ash (, "lit." Storm) is a kibbutz in central Israel. "Named after Biblical mountain of Gaash" beside the grave of Joshuah in Ephraim (Joshuah 24:30). Located to the north of Tel Aviv, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaSharon Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 515. 
The kibbutz was established on 5 July 1951 by a group of immigrants from South America who were members of the Latin America "A Group" of Hashomer Hatzair. The founders had defended Negba during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, and had formed the kibbutz community at Ahli Kahsem near Bnei Zion in November 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="18333266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333266" title="7808 Bagould">
7808 Bagould

7808 Bagould is a main belt asteroid with an orbital period of 1496.4647890 days (4.10 years). 
The asteroid was discovered on April 5, 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18333272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333272" title="Flying Cloud">
Flying Cloud

Flying Cloud may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18333275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333275" title="CycloMedia">
CycloMedia

CycloMedia is a Dutch company specialised in the large-scale and systematic visualisation of environments based on 360° panoramic photographs. Using specialized technology, large public areas are photographed and stored in an online database. The images are captured from public roads at street level, using a car to carry the camera system.
The high resolution spherical panoramas are geometrically correct and thus allow the user to perform photogrammetric 3D measurements and use the imagery for 3D modelling and texture mapping. The panoramic photographs have been used for the construction of virtual environments, indoors as well as outdoors in the form of 3D city models. Furthermore, the imagery has been used for the quality control of large-scale maps.
History.
1980 - 1990
The idea of 360° panoramic photography initially started at the Technical University of Delft. The foundation of CycloMedia was laid in 1980. The first research for a camera prototype, the FRANK-system, was carried out that year. In 1986 FRANK was established in ‘s-Hertogenbosch. In 1987 the first prototype of the camera was ready to make black and white recordings.
1991 - 2000
At the end of 1991 the development of a digital film scanner and computer-controlled measuring system started, that was commercially used a few years later. In 1992 the company moved to Vught. On October the 4th of 1994 the formal introduction of CycloMedia followed. In 1995 the first customer, the municipality of Rotterdam was completely recorded. In 1999 CycloMedia moved to Waardenburg.
2001 - 2004
Hereafter the era comes of digital full colour photography. Late nineties the development of a new, digital system starts. This system, the Digital Cyclorama Recorder (DCR) 2, is taken in use as from 2001. 
2005 - 2009
In July 2005 CycloMedia takes a new production system DCR 3 in use. Moreover there is a portable system as a result of which it is possible to make recordings at locations that a car cannot reach. In 2006 the company again started to build a photo database of the Netherlands. Furthermore new developments in the field of camera technology (DCR 7, to make recordings while driving) started and also the developments around 3D are progressing. In 2009 CycloMedia started with Automated traffic sign detection from Cycloramas.
2010
Mass roll-out of GlobeSpotter® web based viewer (SaaS).
2011- 2012
In 2011 the company takes 9th generation digital recording system (DCR9) in use including additional PIP cameras for capturing high resolution Cycloramas.
Furthermore CycloMedia starts with 3D point cloud and textured mesh processing and capturing of Cyclorama in the Nordics, Germany and other parts in Europe. In 2012 the company starts capturing Cycloramas in the USA.
2013 - the present
Addition of nationwide oblique imagery (NederlandObliek) with full functional integration in GlobeSpotter®.
In May 2013 the company moved to Zaltbommel. Furthermore the company strengthened management and reinvigorated corporate focus.

</doc>
<doc id="18333276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333276" title="Floortje Meijners">
Floortje Meijners

Floortje Meijners (born January 16, 1987 in Oldenzaal, Overijssel) is a female volleyball player from the Netherlands, who plays as a wing-spiker. She was a member of the Dutch National Women's Team that won the gold medal at the FIVB World Grand Prix 2007 in Ningbo, PR China. She currently plays for Italian team River Volley Piacenza.

</doc>
<doc id="18333281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333281" title="7835 Myroncope">
7835 Myroncope

7835 Myroncope is a main belt asteroid with an orbital period of 1490.9544415 days (4.08 years).
The asteroid was discovered on June 16, 1993, and was named for famed sports announcer and journalist Myron Cope after his death in 2008. Myron Cope was a color commentator for the Pittsburgh Steelers NFL team for 35 years and was the creator of the Terrible Towel in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18333307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333307" title="Elbow of Cross Ledge Light">
Elbow of Cross Ledge Light

The Elbow of Cross Ledge Light was a lighthouse on the north side of the ship channel in Delaware Bay on the east coast of the United States, west of Egg Island Point. It was destroyed by a ship collision in 1953 and replaced by a skeleton tower on the same foundation.
History.
This light was built to replace the Cross Ledge Light, which stood somewhat to the south-east. A projection from Cross Ledge shoal forces a slight turn in the ship channel, and it was felt that a light on this projection (the "elbow") would be more useful than the older light, which stood at some distance from the present channel.
Construction of the new light was considerably delayed from the first congressional appropriation in 1904. Advertisement for bids had to be repeated as there were no submissions in the first round. In addition, setting and completion of the caisson were interrupted by a severe storm in September 1907 which drowned one worker and set a scow adrift with an inspector who was not located and rescued for two days. First light was not exhibited until February 1910.
The light was struck glancing blows by passing ships several times over the years. A story in the December 19, 1954 "Philadelphia Evening Bulletin" recalled that the keepers slept in life jackets for fear of having to abandon the station should it be struck. This precaution proved unnecessary, but only because damage from a storm in November 1951 had resulted in sufficiently serious damage that the light was automated, controlled by the keepers of the Miah Maull Shoal Light to the south. On October 20, 1953, however, the Isthmian Lines' ore freighter "Steel Apprentice", navigating in thick fog and without operable radar, struck the light head-on, knocking most of the house into the bay. The coast guard removed the wreckage and erected a steel skeleton tower on the old foundation. This light remains in service.

</doc>
<doc id="18333330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333330" title="Zephaniah Drori">
Zephaniah Drori

Rabbi Zephaniah Drori (, b. March 13, 1937 (1st of Nissan, 5697) is the Chief Rabbi of Kiryat Shmona, Israel and the rosh yeshiva of the Kiryat Shmona Hesder Yeshiva. He is the head of the Aguda LeHitnadvut (a Sherut Leumi contracting organization) and Av Beit Din of the northern conversion beit din.
Drori is considered by many to be a leading scholar of the Religious Zionist camp. He first studied at the Bnei Akiva Kfar HaRoeh high school yeshiva while Rabbi Moshe-Zvi Neria was the rosh yeshiva. Later, he helped establish Yeshivat Kerem B'Yavneh and then studied at Mercaz haRav yeshiva becoming a prime student of the Rabbi Zvi Yehuda Kook. Drori helped found the adjacent Yeshivat Yerushalayim L’Tzeirim Yeshiva High School.
In 1968, with the blessing of Rabbi Kook, Drori moved to Israel's northern border city, Kiryat Shmona, and became the chief rabbi. In 1977, he established the "Kiryat Shmona Hesder Yeshiva".

</doc>
<doc id="18333339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333339" title="Algernon Greville">
Algernon Greville

Algernon Frederick Greville (29 December 1798 – 15 December 1864) was an English soldier and cricketer who served as private secretary to the Duke of Wellington.
He was the second son of Charles Greville and Lady Charlotte Cavendish-Bentinck, the daughter of William Cavendish-Bentinck, 3rd Duke of Portland. He was commissioned an ensign in the Grenadier Guards on 1 February 1814, and fought with that regiment at Quatre Bras and Waterloo. He was also present at the capture of Péronne, and soon after was appointed aide-de-camp to General Sir John Lambert. He later became ADC to the Duke of Wellington, and served on his staff until the end of the occupation of France.
The Duke made him his private secretary upon being appointed Master-General of the Ordnance in 1819, and he continued to serve in this capacity when Wellington was made commander-in-chief (1827), prime minister (1828), foreign secretary (1834), and commander-in-chief again (1842).
Greville was appointed Bath King of Arms in 1829, and served as secretary to the Cinque Ports while Wellington was Lord Warden. He died in 1864 in Hillingdon.
Family.
Greville was the brother of Charles Cavendish Fulke Greville, the diarist, and of Henry William Greville. He married Charlotte Maria Cox (d. 10 April 1841) on 7 April 1823, by whom he had five children:
Cricket.
Greville made 7 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1815 until 1823. He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) but also played for Middlesex and Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18333341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333341" title="Marlion Jackson">
Marlion Jackson

Marlion Jackson (born October 11, 1977) is an American football fullback and linebacker. He currently is a free agent in the Arena Football League.
Marlion Jackson was born in Detroit, Michigan.
He attended Saginaw Valley State University where he played football for two seasons.
Jackson played for the Philadelphia Soul in the Arena Football League from 2004 to 2005.
In 2005, he signed with the Las Vegas Gladiators (now Cleveland Gladiators), playing in 2005 and 2006.
In 2006, Jackson signed with the Atlanta Falcons in the NFL as a running back and played one game. He was cut from the Falcons in 2007 and he returned to the Gladiators.

</doc>
