<doc id="18509700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509700" title="Ivan Dougherty">
Ivan Dougherty

Major General Sir Ivan Noel Dougherty CBE, DSO & Bar, ED (6 April 1907 – 4 March 1998) was an Australian Army officer during World War II.
Education and early life.
Ivan Noel Dougherty was born on 6 April 1907 in Leadville, New South Wales, a small town between Dunedoo and Coolah, New South Wales, the son of Isabella Dougherty and a father he never knew. He was educated at Mudgee High School and Sydney Teachers College. In 1928 he became a teacher at Marrickville Junior Technical School (now Marrickville Public School). While teaching by day he completed a four-year Bachelor of Economics degree at the University of Sydney. He transferred to Tingha Public School in 1931 and then to Armidale West Public School.
In 1926, while still at Sydney Teachers' College, Dougherty joined the Sydney University Regiment, in which he was commissioned as a lieutenant on 27 July 1927. He was promoted to captain on 11 September 1931 but was moved to the unattached list in 1932 following his posting to Tingha. His posting to Armidale allowed him to resume his part-time military career, and he joined the 33rd/41st Infantry Battalion on 20 December 1934, and then the 33rd Infantry Battalion when it resumed its separate existence on 1 October 1936. He was promoted to major on 14 February 1938, assumed command of the 33rd Infantry battalion on 1 December 1938, and was promoted lieutenant colonel on 28 August 1939.
Dougherty returned to Leadville at least once a year to visit his mother. On a visit in 1935, he met Phyllis Lofts, a fellow school teacher who taught at Coonamble High School. They were married at St Stephen's Presbyterian Church in Sydney. This cut short Phyllis's teaching career for the time being, as married women were not permitted to work as teachers at that time. During the Second World War this regulation would be relaxed and she was able to take a position at Goulburn High School. They would eventually have five children: Margaret and Graeme, born before the war, and, later, Maureen, David and Noela.
Second World War.
On the outbreak of World War II, Dougherty offered his services to Lieutenant Colonel George Wootten, commander-designate of the 2/2nd Infantry Battalion, as his second-on-command even though this involved a reduction in rank to major. This was accepted and Dougherty joined the Second AIF on 13 October 1939, receiving the AIF serial number of NX148. He was however allowed to retain his substantive rank of lieutenant colonel as an honorary rank, and therefore wear his lieutenant colonel's rank badges. Dougherty embarked from Sydney on 10 January 1940 on the SS "Otranto". The ship sailed through the Suez Canal and the battalion moved by rail to an encampment at Julis, a town in the British Mandate of Palestine about 26 km north east of Gaza. 
On 19 August 1940 Dougherty was appointed to command the 2/4th Infantry Battalion, with the substantive AIF rank of lieutenant colonel. This was still a New South Wales battalion of the 6th Division but part of the newly formed 19th Infantry Brigade. Dougherty received a cool reception from his new commander, Brigadier Horace Robertson, who was disappointed at being unable to select his own battalion commanders. However Dougherty soon made a good impression and when Robertson went on leave in October 1940 he recommended that Dougherty act as brigade commander, despite the fact that he was the youngest and most junior of Robertson's battalion commanders. Dougherty also encountered some resentment from regular officers like Lieutenant Colonel Henry Wells. Although he had been commissioned seven years before Dougherty, Wells was now his junior owing to the slower rate of promotion in the regular Army.
Libya.
The 19th Infantry Brigade moved to Borg El Arab in November 1940 to participate in General Sir Archibald Wavell's Operation Compass. The 2/4th Infantry Battalion moved into positions around Tobruk, from which it participated in the assault on the Tobruk fortress. In the featureless desert, Dougherty was confronted with some difficulty in locating the start line for the advance, and made a series of adjustments to the battalion position. Later he felt compelled to explain his actions to his troops, explaining that he did not wish them to take any casualties due to carelessness on his part. Commanding from a Bren Gun Carrier, which he used to tool about the battlefield, Dougherty made good progress, capturing the Italian commander, "Generale di Corpo d'Armata" Petassi Manella. Once on his objective, Robertson had ordered Dougherty to capture Fort Airente, if feasible, thereby cutting the road to Derna, but left the final decision to Dougherty. Dougherty elected not to as he could not call for artillery since his radio was out of action, and he had to guard 1,600 Italian prisoners. Fort Airente was captured when the advance resumed in the morning, and Tobruk surrendered to Robertson.
At Derna, Robertson employed his brigade boldly in support of Lieutenant General Richard O'Connor's attempt to cut off the retreating Italian Army. Dougherty was ordered to seize Wadi Derna, a ravine 500 metres wide. His lead company reached the wadi and a platoon crossed it, establishing itself on the far side after a fight in which an Australian was killed and nine Italians captured. This small force was counter-attacked by the Italians but the Australians held their ground. Later a group of Italians blundered into the Australian position; 40 were killed and 56 captured. Dougherty now moved to join the attack on Derna, unaware that O'Connor had called it off. His troops soon ran into a large Italian force which was beaten off only with the help of fire from the Vickers machine guns of the Royal Northumberland Fusiliers and 25 pounders of the 2/1st Field Regiment. Dougherty had trucks drive to and fro to give the impression that the position was being reinforced. Fighting went on for another day before the Italians withdrew, having avoided encirclement. However O'Connor was later able to cut off the Italian Army at Beda Fomm. For his services in this campaign, Dougherty was mentioned in dispatches and awarded the Distinguished Service Order.
Greece, Crete and Syria.
The 2/4th Infantry Battalion landed at Piraeus on 3 April 1940 and moved into the line in the Kleidi area where the 19th Infantry Brigade (now under Brigadier George Alan Vasey) attempted to make a stand against the advancing German Army. Dougherty was given some six km of front to defend - a nearly impossible task. At the Battle of Vevi, the battalion was forced to withdraw after the units on both its flanks were forced back. The 19th Infantry Brigade next attempted to hold Thermopylae. A successful rearguard action covered the general withdrawal from Greece. The 19th Infantry Brigade made its way to Megara where the 2/4th Infantry Battalion was evacuated by .
The 2/4th Infantry Battalion arrived on Crete where it was detached from the 19th Infantry Brigade and sent to help British and Greek units defend Heraklion. Dougherty managed to hold his positions against the German airborne assault, destroying a considerable part of the German force and capturing a considerable quantity of weapons and supplies. The Germans gradually tightened their grip on the area, however, and it was decided to evacuate the troops at Heraklion from Crete. Dougherty waited until all his men were embarked on British warships before himself departing on . and were attacked by large numbers of "Stukas" and 48 of Dougherty's men were killed. For his services in Greece and Crete, Dougherty was mentioned in dispatches a second time.
Dougherty arrived back in Palestine after the campaign in Greece to find no mail awaiting him. His mail had been stopped on the order of Major General Iven Mackay who wanted to personally break the sad news to Dougherty that his daughter Margaret had been killed in a playground accident in Mosman, New South Wales. After its battering in Greece, the 2/4th Infantry Battalion rested and re-trained in Palestine before moving to Syria in October 1941. In January 1942 it embarked for Australia.
New Guinea.
On arrival in Adelaide Dougherty was informed that he was being promoted to brigadier and given command of the 23rd Infantry Brigade, a part of Major General Edmund Herring's Northern Territory Force. Dougherty was unimpressed with the standard of morale and training of his new command and within weeks he relieved all three of his battalion commanders.
In October 1942, Herring summoned Dougherty to Port Moresby to take over command of the 21st Infantry Brigade from Brigadier Arnold Potts. After making an appreciation of the Gona area, Dougherty decided to bring overwhelming force against small Japanese forces, defeating the enemy in detail. Several days of bitter and costly fighting followed as the 21st Infantry Brigade fought for Gona and the nearby Japanese positions. In the process, the 21st Infantry Brigade was almost annihilated by casualties and disease. Dougherty suffered an attack of malaria and arranged to be admitted to hospital in Goulburn, New South Wales in order to be near his family. For this campaign, Dougherty was awarded a bar to his Distinguished Service Order.
The 21st Infantry Brigade gradually reassembled at Ravenshoe, Queensland as its personnel returned from leave and hospital. Dougherty rebuilt his brigade, once again ruthlessly weeding out officers who did not meet his standards, including two of his battalion commanders.
In July 1943 the 21st Infantry Brigade began moving north once more. Following the capture of Kaiapit, the brigade was flown in. Dougherty then carried out a rapid advance into the Ramu Valley culminating in the capture of Dumpu. Dougherty then moved into the Finisterre Range, establishing a toehold on Shaggy Ridge. By utilising speed and surprise to keep the enemy off balance, Dougherty had managed to accomplish the 7th Division's mission.
A broken ankle caused Dougherty to be hospitalised at the 2/5th General Hospital in Port Moresby. He rejoined his brigade in early 1944, but only in time for its relief and return to Australia. For this campaign, Dougherty earned a third mention in dispatches.
Borneo.
Once again the 21st Infantry Brigade assembled at Ravenshoe after taking leave. As amphibious warfare was contemplated for the brigade's next operation, Dougherty observed the invasion of Morotai, sailing on . Lessons were incorporated into the 7th Division's exercises on the beaches near Cairns, Queensland over the following months. When the 7th Division sailed north again, it was to Morotai.
Dougherty's final battle of the war was at Balikpapan, where the 21st Infantry Brigade landed on 1 July 1945. The Japanese were totally outnumbered and outgunned, but like the other battles of the Pacific War, many of them fought to the death. Despite this, the 7th Division's casualties were significantly lighter than they had suffered in previous campaigns, mainly due to the employment of staggering amounts of firepower. General Douglas MacArthur paid Dougherty a visit on the beachhead while it was still under fire. 
Following the surrender of Japan the 21st Brigade was detached to Makassar where Dougherty became Military Governor, a role he had already carried out in Benghazi with the 2/4th Infantry Battalion. Dougherty accepted surrender of the outlying Japanese forces, handled the processing of Japanese POWs and the release of Allied POWs and internees, organised the distribution of food and medical supplies to the civilian population and maintained civil order. In recognition of "gallant and distinguished services in the South West Pacific", Dougherty was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1947.
Later life.
Returning to civilian life, Dougherty contested the seat of East Sydney as a Liberal candidate in the 1946 election. The seat was a blue ribbon Labor seat held by Eddie Ward, and Dougherty lost. 
Dougherty returned to teaching, accepting a post as headmaster of Enmore Activity School in 1946. In 1948, he became Inspector of Schools in the Bega District. He left the New South Wales Education Department in 1955 to become the first Director of the New South Wales Defence Organisation and State Emergency Services, a position he held until retirement in 1972. He was knighted on 7 June 1968 for "services to ex-servicemen and the community".
Dougherty remained in the Army as a reservist. He assumed command of the 8th Infantry Brigade in 1948. He was promoted to major general in 1952 on taking command of the 2nd Division. In 1954, he became the CMF member of the Military Board, which he held until his retirement from the Army in 1957. Dougherty again clashed with Sir Henry Wells, now Chief of the General Staff. Dougherty felt that he should be Chairman of the Military Board when Wells was absent, being the next most senior member. Wells denounced "the impertinence of a part-time soldier wanting to be the chairman of a board of regular soldiers!" Dougherty replied, "No we are all the same, we are all soldiers." In 1960, the Minister for the Army, John Cramer, attempted to appoint Dougherty as Chief of the General Staff in succession to Lieutenant General Sir Ragnar Garrett. The proposal got as far as cabinet, where it was defeated.
Dougherty was a fellow of the Senate of the University of Sydney from 1954 to 1974, and served as Deputy Chancellor from 1958 to 1966. The University awarded him an honorary degree of Doctor of Laws in 1976. It also named the Ivan Dougherty Gallery in his honour. As a result, his name is today widely associated with fine art. 
After a long illness, Dougherty died on 4 March 1998, survived by Lady Phyllis and his four remaining children. More than 500 people, including an estimated 200 men who had served under him in World War II, gathered at St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney to pay tribute to him. He was cremated at Sutherland Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18509704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509704" title="Lac des Bez">
Lac des Bez

Lac des Bez is a lake at Grande-Rivière in the Jura department of France.

</doc>
<doc id="18509710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509710" title="Paratoxodera meggitti">
Paratoxodera meggitti

Paratoxodera meggitti is a species of praying mantis found in China and Myanmar".

</doc>
<doc id="18509714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509714" title="Track gauge in Canada">
Track gauge in Canada

The first railway in British North America, the Champlain and St. Lawrence Railroad, was built in the 1830s to track gauge (today known as "Indian gauge"), setting the standard for Britain's colonies for several decades. Well-known colonial systems such as the Grand Trunk Railway and Great Western Railway, along with the Intercolonial Railway, European and North American Railway and Nova Scotia Railway later expanded the use of broad gauge. In 1851 the broad gauge was universally adopted as the standard gauge for the Province of Canada, and government subsidies were unavailable for railways that chose other gauges. The broad gauge was used until the early 1870s, after which time there was a gradual change of the industry to standard gauge over several years. However, each railway had to change quickly, coordinating locomotive and track replacement with rolling stock replacements or upgrades. The notion that rolling stock could earn money while on other railways had become attractive, and this spurred standardization.
The rise in standardization with the US came about because of increasing trade across the border after the American Civil War. Some railways had installed dual gauge track, which was expensive, and others used variable gauge wheels, which proved unreliable. The Grand Trunk system started converting its border lines in 1872 and finished converting its lines east of Montreal in 1874. The Canadian government-owned Intercolonial Railway converted from broad to standard gauge in 1875 while still under construction.
After the 1870s, the Canadian Pacific Railway (1880) and most major new lines were built to the standard gauge, including all the railways built through the Canadian Rocky Mountains to the Pacific coast. In addition to the CPR these included the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway, the Canadian Northern Railway and the Pacific Great Eastern Railway. The latter three were eventually acquired by Canadian National Railway, which is now the largest railway in Canada. All remaining Canadian freight railways use standard gauge.
In Toronto the Toronto Transit Commission subways and streetcars use gauge, making their equipment incompatible with standard gauge rail systems, including Toronto's own Scarborough RT system. Ten years before standard gauge was established in Canada, but after it had been established in England, this unusual gauge was chosen to accommodate horse-drawn wagons on the streetcar tracks. The Articles of Agreement signed in 1861 between the City of Toronto and the Toronto Street Railways required "That the gauge of the said railways shall be such that the ordinary vehicles now in use may travel on the said tracks". There was no mention of a specific track gauge, but because ordinary wagon wheels did not have a flange, they could not travel on the same rails as conventional streetcars. To meet the requirement, the streetcar tracks were placed wide enough apart so that ordinary wagon wheels could run on the inside step of the tracks. (In practice, the five miles of T rail had no such step.) This resulted in Toronto streetcar tracks being slightly broader gauge than standard-gauge tracks.
Later, when the Toronto subway was built, it was designed to use the same track gauge as the streetcars. This provided for sharing of rail equipment and maintenance facilities, and provided for future use of 'subway-surface' cars that could pass between systems. However, only a few streetcars have ever been used on the subway system.

</doc>
<doc id="18509719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509719" title="Paratoxodera pluto">
Paratoxodera pluto

Paratoxodera pluto is a species of praying mantis found in Malaysia and Sumatra".

</doc>
<doc id="18509727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509727" title="Mega International Commercial Bank">
Mega International Commercial Bank

The Mega International Commercial Bank () is a subsidiary of Mega Financial Holding Company. It is one of the leading banks in Taiwan. It has 105 branches in Taiwan along with 17 branches, two representative offices and two wholly owned subsidiaries abroad. The bank's total workforce is over 5,100 and its aggregate paid-in capital is approximately NT$64.1 billion.
History.
Mega International Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. came into being on December 31, 2002 as a result of the merger of the historic International Commercial Bank of China (中國國際商業銀行) and Chiao T’ung Bank (交通銀行).
The International Commercial Bank of China (中國國際商業銀行) was the name by which the Bank of China came to be known after its privatization in Taiwan in 1971. The Bank of China's reserves had been transferred from mainland China to Taiwan prior to the Chinese Communist Party's takeover of the mainland in 1949. Like most banks, the Bank of China was not immediately allowed to resume operations in Taiwan.
The Bank of China begin as the Hu-pu (Financial Department) Bank of the Ch'ing Dynasty. It came to be known as the Ta Ch'ing Bank before being renamed Bank of China after the establishment of the Republic of China in 1912. The bank's headquarters were at 3 Hank'ou Road in the International Settlement of Shanghai. The bank, which was authorized to issue banknotes, broke free from the Yuan Shih-k'ai government's control in 1916 under the leadership of Chang Kia-ngau, and became a private, merchant-owned bank in 1923 when the cash-strapped Peking government sold all but a symbolic number of its shares to private investors. During the 1920s and 1930s, the Bank of China was by far the largest in China. In 1928, the Bank of China funded the government's creation of the Central Bank of China, and in exchange was allowed to remain independent. It was also chartered to serve as the nation's international exchange bank and was entrusted with efforts toward the promotion of foreign trade, the supply of foreign exchange, and the general financing of home industries.
The Chiao Tung Bank (交通銀行) was a direct successor of the Chiao Tung Bank/Bank of Communications established in 1908 during the final years of the Ch'ing Dynasty. After the establishment of the Republic of China in 1912, the Chiao Tung Bank was authorized to issue banknotes backed by silver reserves. Government ownership of the bank was reduced to a minority during the instability of the Yuan Shih-k'ai regime and the Northern Warlords era. The bank financed the creation of the Central Bank of China in 1928 and was considered one of the Republic of China's top four banks.
The Bank of China and the Chiao Tung Bank both became government-owned quite suddenly during the Shanghai financial crisis of 1935. Finance Minister H.H. Kung, who had worked to erode the independence of Shanghai's powerful bankers, forced both banks to create new shares which gave the government majority ownership. These new shares were purchased through overvalued government bonds meant to finance the government's deficit and increase the Central Bank of China's capital.
After the 1949 establishment of the People's Republic of China (PRC) on the mainland, both banks' operations were split, though their management and most liquid assets were transferred to Taiwan. They were not immediately permitted to resume operations in Taiwan given the uncertain situation in the early 1950s. Both banks' assets on the mainland were seized by the Communist Party, which severely limited banking until the 1980s. The Bank of China's branches in Tokyo, Bangkok and the Americas remained under the Taipei-based ICBC, while other branches in Asia, including Hong Kong, came under the PRC-controlled Bank of China. It was not until 1987 that the Bank of Communications was permitted to resume operations in the PRC.
During the mid to late 1990s, many state-owned financial institutions in Taiwan were restructured and merged for greater efficiency. The Chiao Tung Bank was privatized in 1999, then underwent a series of consolidations. In 2002, it was merged with the International Commercial Bank of China under a single financial holding, which in 2006 came to be consolidated into a single bank—the Mega International Commercial Bank. It was argued at the time that the bank's former initials, ICBC, could lend it to be confused with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. However, the re-branding was controversial in Taiwan as many saw the change as a costly exercise meant to remove any reference to China from its name.
In March and April 2008, Mega International Commercial Bank featured prominently in the news in Taiwan because the wife of president-elect Ma Ying-jeou, Christine Chow, had declared her intention to continue working as the bank's legal counsel. In May 2008, she was permitted to retire from the bank.

</doc>
<doc id="18509739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509739" title="Sz'Kwa">
Sz'Kwa

Sz'Kwa is a two-player abstract strategy game from Taiwan. It is a go, weiqi, or baduk variant. The Sz'Kwa board is not an n x n square board like go or weiqi. Instead, the board is circular in design. The same board is used by Watermelon Chess and one of the ancient Roman Bear games.
Goal.
To capture the most enemy pieces.
Equipment.
The board is composed of a large circle with an inner middle circle. Four semicircles form a North, South, East, and West arrangement in the interior of the larger circle. The large circle and the smaller middle circle are divided equally into four pie slices. This creates for twenty-one intersection points where the pieces are played upon.
Each player has 20 pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other plays the white pieces, however, any two colors or distinguishable objects will do.
Game Play and Rules.
1. The board is empty in the beginning.
2. Players decide what colors to play, and who starts first. 
3. Players drop one of their pieces on any vacant intersection point on the board. Only one piece can be dropped per turn. Players alternate their turns.
4. Enemy piece(s) can be captured as long as the enemy piece(s) are surrounded completely by the player's pieces.
5. The game ends when there are no more vacant intersection points to drop a piece onto, or when one player has exhausted all their pieces.
Related Games.
Go, weiqi, baduk, Watermelon Chess, Bear games

</doc>
<doc id="18509741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509741" title="Tahu Culture">
Tahu Culture

The Tahu Culture () was an archaeological culture in southern Taiwan. It distributed around the Tainan-Kaohsiung region. The culture was one of the late Neolithic cultures of Taiwan island. A set of several archaeological sites formed the culture, such as the Tahu Site (大湖遺址), Fengpitou Site (鳳鼻頭遺址) and Wushantou Site (烏山頭遺址). These sites had been excavated out many bone tools, potteries or middens. 

</doc>
<doc id="18509757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509757" title="Track gauge in Hong Kong">
Track gauge in Hong Kong

In Hong Kong, the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation (KCRC), which currently runs East Rail, West Rail and Light Rail uses .
The Mass Transit Railway uses track gauge, 3 mm (⅛in) narrower than standard gauge. A new railway line across the Tsing Ma Bridge, an extension to the 1,432 mm gauge Tung Chung Line. This 3 mm difference should cause no more problems than the 4 mm (in) difference causes between Russia and Finland or the former 8 mm (in) difference between Spain and Portugal.
Hong Kong Tramways, which has been operating tram service on Hong Kong Island since 1904, uses gauge.
Narrow gauge.
The Kowloon-Canton Railway (now East Rail) was originally partially laid to and gauge during its construction, and the latter was proposed to be its gauge since the tunnel could only accommodate gauge if the line was to be double track throughout. However it was built to standard gauge and was single track, retaining space at places for later expansion. The now-defunct Sha Tau Kok Railway, built in 1911 and closed in 1928, constructed of the same materials used for constructing the main line, was gauge. The famous Hong Kong Tramways are gauge. The MTR uses a gauge of 1432 mm, 3 mm narrower than the standard gauge. Originally it was to be standard gauge but when the link between the KCR and MTR at Kowloon Tong fell into disuse due to the difference in the choice of voltage for their respective electrification plans, the latter favoured a narrower gauge for technical reasons. This has proven to be an impediment of the proposed merger between the two systems.
The haematite mine at Ma On Shan used an electric internal railway network of gauge, but closed in 1975.
The Kowloon Godowns in Tsim Sha Tsui, before redevelopment in the 1970s, also had an extensive network of gauge tracks using tiny hand-pushed 2-axle trucks. Similar systems existed elsewhere in Hong Kong. Railways believed to be metre gauge existed in Taikoo Dockyards and Whampoa Dockyards, though standard gauge is more probable for the latter, since it was connected to the main line network after 1937. A cement works in To Kwa Wan, north of the Whampoa dockyards, used a small internal narrow gauge system with jubilee track(prefabricated panels) and wagons, but apart from a few aerial photographs available at the Lands Department Mapping Office, there is little available information about this system.
During the reclamation of Kowloon Bay for the construction of the Kai Tak estates, "jubilee" track and steam locomotives were used to convey spoil. This area became the Kai Tak Airport which has now been demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="18509760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509760" title="Maurizio Zaccaro">
Maurizio Zaccaro

Maurizio Zaccaro (born May 8, 1952, in Milan, Italy), is an Italian film director, cinematographer, editor and screenwriter.
Biography.
Maurizio Zaccaro was born in Milan. After ending his study at the Milan Film School (1977) he took on work in Ermanno Olmi Film Factory and at the same time developed several short movies.
But with the debut of his movie "Where the night begins- Dove comincia la notte" (1990), a horror film, he received the David di Donatello Award for Best New Director and stepped into the business of film-making. 
This first movie, entirely shot in United States, is also one of the few that he didn't write himself. 
Two years later his second movie "Kalkstein - The valley of stone" (1992) followed, though not released abroad. This film was the cinematographic adaptation of a novell of the Austrian writer Adalbert Stifter. the Another couple of years later the outstanding "Article 2- l’Articolo 2" (1994), a movie in a style reminiscent of the movies of Italian Neorealism with an almost poetic-like atmosphere. "L’ Articolo 2" won the Solinas award for best screenplay.
In 1996, Zaccaro made the war movie "The game bag – il Carniere", which also won David di Donatello for best supporting actor, Leo Gullotta, award. Later he directed another important movie as "A respectable man" ("Un uomo perbene") (1999) a legal thriller on Enzo Tortora, a well known anchorman of Italian television. "A respectable man" won the Pasinetti award in Venice Film Festival 1999, another David di Donatello for best supporting actor award and a Silver Ribbon for best screenplay. Zaccaro then showed his ability to direct TV movies as well. It resulted in many successful fictions as "La missione" ("The Mission") (1997), "Un dono semplice -A simple gift" (2000), "Cuore-Heart" (2001), and "I ragazzi della via Pal" ("The boys of St. Paul street") (2003). Some others of his most successful TV films were "Al di là delle frontiere -Beyond borders" (2004), "Mafalda di Savoia -Mafalda of Savoy" (2005), "O Professore -The professor" (2006), "Lo smemoreato di collegno - The Forgetter" and "Le ragazze dello swing - The queens of swing" awarded in Montecarlo and Shanghai film Festival as best director.

</doc>
<doc id="18509807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509807" title="Track gauge in South America">
Track gauge in South America

Argentina and Chile use (Indian gauge) as well as or metre gauge.
Brazil uses (known as "Irish gauge", most common for passenger services and a few corridors in the Southeast) and (known as "narrow gauge" or "metre gauge", most common for cargo services). Exceptions are the Estrada de Ferro do Amapá North of the River Amazon, which has gauge and the new Line 5 of São Paulo Metro, which also uses standard gauge.
Argentina (partly), Paraguay, Uruguay and Peru use standard gauge. In the past a few lines in Northern Chile also had standard gauge, as the only international railway between Arica (Chile) and Tacna (Peru) a bit more than 60 km has standard gauge. The El Cerrejón Coal Railway in Colombia and the Venezuelan Railways are also .
There are and were also some lines using different narrow gauges, see the "narrow gauge" section in this list

</doc>
<doc id="18509812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509812" title="Carbon Stereoxide">
Carbon Stereoxide

Carbon Stereoxide is the Eraserheads' seventh and final studio album. It featured a theme darker than previous albums. Released in March 2001 by Sony BMG Music Philippines, Inc. (Formerly BMG Records Pilipinas, Inc.), it was to be the last album featuring Ely Buendia as the band's lead singer. It contains 18 tracks and was released in both CD and cassette formats came with a free VCD featuring the making of the "Maskara" video, behind-the-scenes footage and interviews. 
Initial copies of the album came with a promotional Eraserheads "masks" set.
Reception.
David Gonzales of AllMusic described the album as "another bewildering mess", referring to the band's previous release. He considered the album's first two opening tracks (Ultrasound and Maskara) as "good alternative rock songs" although he noted that "these songs won't appeal to a wide range of listeners, which, perhaps, is no longer a matter of concern for the Eraserheads.", and criticized most of the album as "pointless and meandering".
The Philippine edition of FHM ranked the album in its 100th issue special in a selection of albums released during the magazine's first publishing in 2002 until 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18509815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509815" title="Guardians of the Galaxy">
Guardians of the Galaxy

Guardians of the Galaxy is a fictional superhero team appearing in books published by Marvel Comics. The term may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18509831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509831" title="Tetrazolylglycine">
Tetrazolylglycine

Tetrazolylglycine (Tet-Gly, LY-285,265) is a potent and selective NMDA receptor agonist, stimulating the NMDA receptor with higher potency than either glutamate or NMDA. It is a potent convulsant and excitotoxin and is used in scientific research.

</doc>
<doc id="18509855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509855" title="Lamellaria">
Lamellaria

Lamellaria is a genus of small slug-like sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Velutinidae. 
Species.
Species within the genus "Lamellaria" include:

</doc>
<doc id="18509870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509870" title="DRG Class 24">
DRG Class 24

The DRG Class 24 steam engines were German standard locomotives ("Einheitslokomotiven") built for the Deutsche Reichsbahn between 1928 and 1939 to haul passenger trains.
History.
These engines, nickname the 'prairie horse' ("Steppenpferd") were developed specially for the long, flat routes in West and East Prussia. 95 examples were built by the firms of Schichau, Linke-Hofmann and others. The two units with operating numbers 24 069 and 24 070 were supplied by Borsig with a medium pressure boiler. These locos ran with a boiler overpressure of , but were rebuilt in 1952.
The Deutsche Bundesbahn took over 38 locomotives and retired them by 1966. The last one with the DB was locomotive number 24 067, which was stabled in Rheydt and taken out of service there in August 1966. The engines were given operating numbers 24 001 to 24 095.
Engine numbers 24 002, 004, 009, 021 and 030 were left with the DR after the Second World War. They were all stabled in Jerichow shed in 1960 and their sphere of operations until 1968 was the branch line network of the Kleinbahn AG in Genthin. No. 24 009 was re-numbered in 1970 to 37 1009 and was used as a reserve breakdown engine in Güsten and Stendal. In 1972 it was sold to the Federal Republic of Germany.
Thirty four locomotive remained in Poland after the Second World War, where the last one was in service until 1976. Even the remaining locomotive in Germany, no. 24 083, had been in service in Poland.
The locomotives were equipped with 3 T 16 and 3 T 17 tenders.
Four Class 24 locomotives have been preserved; three in Germany (24 004, 24 009 and 24 083) and one in Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18509879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509879" title="Lac de Chanon">
Lac de Chanon

Lac de Chanon is a lake at Martigna in the Jura department of France.

</doc>
<doc id="18509881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509881" title="Sarah Harding (lama)">
Sarah Harding (lama)

Sarah Harding is a qualified lama and teacher in the Shangpa Kagyu tradition of Tibetan Buddhism, and from 1972 was a student and translator of Khyabje Kalu Rinpoche (1905-1989).
She completed the first traditional Kagyu three-year three-month retreat for westerners under the guidance of Kalu Rinpoche in 1980. Others who participated in that retreat include Richard Barron, Ken McLeod, Ngawang Zangpo (Hugh Leslie Thompson), Ingrid Loken McLeod and Lama Surya Das (Jeffery Miller).
Harding works as a teacher, oral interpreter and translator. She has been an instructor in the Religious Studies Department of Naropa University since 1992 and lives in Boulder, Colorado with her two children. She is currently working on translations of Tibetan Buddhist texts as a fellow of the Tsadra Foundation. Harding is writing a book about the 11th Century female teacher Niguma whose teachings are at the core of the Shangpa Kagyu lineage. 

</doc>
<doc id="18509882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509882" title="Miss World 1952">
Miss World 1952

Miss World 1952, the 2nd edition of the Miss World pageant, was held on November 14, 1952 at the Lyceum Theatre, London, United Kingdom. 11 contestants competed for the Miss World title. The winner was May Louise Flodin, who represented Sweden. She became the second Swede to win Miss World, after Kiki Håkansson, who won the year before.

</doc>
<doc id="18509883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509883" title="Bert Sutton">
Bert Sutton

Herbert 'Bert' Sutton (born 15 April 1901, date of death unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Hawthorn in the VFL during the 1920s.
Sutton, who came to South Melbourne from Williamstown, was used mostly as the flanks. After 49 games for South Melbourne he crossed to Hawthorn in 1928 as captain-coach but the club failed to win a game all year.

</doc>
<doc id="18509885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509885" title="Ghoster Coaster">
Ghoster Coaster

Ghoster Coaster could refer to one of several roller coasters:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18509889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509889" title="Patricia Jacobs">
Patricia Jacobs

Patricia Ann Jacobs FRS FMedSci (born 1934) is a British geneticist, fellow of the Royal Society. She is Professor of Human Genetics in University of Southampton at Salisbury District Hospital. In 1993, she was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society.
In 1959, she was the first to describe a chromosomal abnormality in humans, the additional X chromosome (the 47,XXY karyotype) in Klinefelter syndrome and in 1981, she received the William Allan Memorial Award from the American Society of Human Genetics. She was the first recipient of the KS&A Patricia Jacobs Lifetime Achievement Award from the United Kingdom charity Knowledge Support & Action. In February 2010 Ms Jacobs was elected as a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences, the induction ceremony took place in April. In 2011 Ms. Jacobs received the March of Dimes Prize in Developmental Biology.

</doc>
<doc id="18509900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509900" title="Advice to a Friend on Choosing a Mistress">
Advice to a Friend on Choosing a Mistress

"Advice to a Friend on Choosing a Mistress" is a letter by Benjamin Franklin dated June 25, 1745 in which Franklin counsels a young man about channeling sexual urges. Due to its licentious nature the letter was not published in collections of Franklin's papers in the United States during the nineteenth century. Federal court decisions from the mid- to late- twentieth century cited the document as a reason for overturning obscenity laws.
Text.
Franklin begins by advising a young man that a cure for sexual urges is unknown, and the proper solution is to take a wife. Then, expressing doubts that the intended reader will actually marry, Franklin names several advantages of marriage. As supplementary advice in case the recipient rejects all previous arguments, Franklin lists seven reasons why an older mistress is preferable to a young one. Advantages include better conversation, less risk of unwanted pregnancy, and "greater prudence in conducting an intrigue."
According to John Richard Stevens, the unnamed correspondent is a friend of Franklin's named Cadwaller Colton, and it remains unknown whether Franklin was serious or if the letter was ever delivered. Whether serious or humorous, the letter is frankly sexual:
Censorship.
The Mistress letter was not the only document by Franklin that later generations censored. The bawdy portion of Franklin's writing was accepted during his own era. Although the Mistress letter was not published during his lifetime, Franklin's public works include an essay called "Fart Proudly". A passage from his "Autobiography" describes an unsuccessful attempt to seduce a friend's mistress. As John Semonche observes in "Censoring Sex: A Historical Journey Through American Media", the autobiography was widely read during the nineteenth century because of its moral lessons, but the passage about the failed seduction was variously altered or deleted entirely. The Mistress letter was omitted from nineteenth century publications of Franklin's works, and by some accounts it was singled out for suppression.
This censorship occurred both informally and under law. The first state to enact obscenity legislation was Vermont in 1821. During the following decades every state except New Mexico adopted similar laws. Then the Comstock Act of 1873 made it a federal crime to circulate "obscene, lewd, and/or lascivious" material through the mail.
Although Franklin probably had a variety of mistresses throughout his life, such circumstances were incompatible with patriotic sensibilities a century afterward. Amy Beth Werbel opines bluntly:
Citations.
By the mid-twentieth century, United States federal judges were citing the letter in originalist reasoning to overturn obscenity laws. A Jerome Frank appellate opinion of 1957 named "Advice to a Young Man on Choosing a Mistress" along with "The Speech of Polly Baker" as two examples that would have convicted one of the nation's leading founding fathers on federal obscenity charges if they had been written and mailed under subsequent law.
The most notable of these citations occurred in the United States Supreme Court case, "United States v. 12 200-ft. Reels of Film". In a dissenting opinion, Justice William O. Douglas states:
The letter is also referenced during a conversation with Benjamin Franklin in the 2012 video game Assassin's Creed III during a cutscene in a general store.

</doc>
<doc id="18509901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509901" title="Ashworth Improvement Plan">
Ashworth Improvement Plan

The Ashworth Improvement Plan was a report that recommended a number of improvements to be made to the electrified suburban railways of inner city Melbourne, Australia. It was produced in 1940 by a committee headed by John Marmaduke Ashworth, the Victorian Railways Chief Engineer for Way and Works. In order to meet projected future needs, the report recommended duplication of lines, terminal improvements and underground railway connections. 
Background.
Melbourne had been a city dominated early on by suburban railways, with the system reaching its peak early in 1891 on the back of a number of speculative lines. In the early twentieth century, Melbourne easily had the best public transport in Australia. In 1907 both trams and trains carried about 62 million passengers per year. Electric operation of the suburban railways began in 1919, and patronage grew by 63.4% over just six years, from 96,797,783 in 1917-18 to 158,194,558 in 1923-24. What was not apparent to the public was that the electrification project had not been accompanied by any other works, cutting costs by putting limitations on growth. 
By 1937-38 patronage had grown to 135,329,598 but the pattern of suburban rail travel was changing. People were living further from the inner city, and the average distance travelled by commuters changed from 9.0 km in the early 1930s to 10.4 km by the end of the decade. The Victorian Railways Commissioners established a committee in 1938 to study the impact of the increase of long distance suburban traffic. It consisted of three officers headed by Ashworth.
At the time the report was commissioned, Melbourne consisted of 173 route miles of railways (owned by the Government of Victoria), 140 route miles of tramways (vested in the Melbourne and Metropolitan Tramways Board) and 57 route miles of bus routes, whilst private individuals or companies operated approximately 350 bus route miles over 105 routes.
The report.
The report was released in 1940. The Commissioners wrote that the report covered works that would provide transport facilities for years to come, but at a cost of several million pounds. The works would need to be spread over several years, not just for funding reasons, but to avoid disruption of existing services.
Recommendations included:
The report also recommended that there was an urgent need for effective co-ordination of all transport facilities to reduce the anomalies with wasteful competition in some localities.
Actions.
Very few of the recommendations were able to be carried out immediately due to the ongoing war effort. Only one of the elements was undertaken during this period - the flyover at Burnley station that permitted down Glen Waverley line trains to cross those headed towards Hawthorn. It was completed in August 1943. In 1944 work began on rebuilding the Cremorne Bridge across the Yarra River at South Yarra, which was completed in 1947 with only four tracks, with the provision for two more to be added later.
The rest of the works were not carried out, but some were revisited later. Much of the track amplification was carried out as part of the 1950s Operation Phoenix and a variant of the City Railway was built as the City Loop that started in 1970 and was completed in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18509903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509903" title="Tyson (dog)">
Tyson (dog)

Tyson (born October 2001) is a bulldog that is famous for his ability to skateboard. He has appeared on numerous TV shows, including "The Oprah Winfrey Show" and "Rob & Big", and has been featured on Internet video sites such as YouTube. His owner, Jim Blauvelt says that the dog was self-taught, starting in Huntington Beach, California in 2001. He appeared in the two movies: "Lords of Dogtown" and "Undiscovered" in which his performance was considered to be "outstandingly gifted". When performing, he earns over $1000 a day.

</doc>
<doc id="18509910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509910" title="Sharon Little">
Sharon Little

Sharon Little (born c. 1980) is an American singer-songwriter from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Biography.
While working as a waitress in Philadelphia, Little performed with local bands and independently released an album in 2006 titled "Drawing Circles" before being signed to CBS Records in early 2008. She was subsequently chosen as the opening act for Robert Plant, Alison Krauss and T Bone Burnett on their North American "Raising Sand" tour. Her first album with CBS, "Perfect Time for a Breakdown," was released on May 27 of that year. As part of her deal with CBS Records, several of her songs have been featured on CBS programs such as "NUMB3RS" and "NCIS". The song "Follow That Sound" from "Perfect Time for a Breakdown" was also chosen as the theme for the A&E series "The Cleaner". She was also featured performing the song in the show's fourth episode. She performed another track from that album, “Spaceship,” in a sequence shot in New York’s 34th Street subway station for an episode of "". Little continued touring through 2008 and 2009 with, among others, Chris Isaak, Al Green and Jonny Lang. "Perfect Time for a Breakdown" reached #48 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart. "Paper Doll", Sharon’s newest album, was produced by Grammy-winner Don Was and is set for release in early 2011. Select tracks, including the title track “Paper Doll” and “Shake and Shiver,” will be digitally released in advance of the album, in the fall of 2010.
"Perfect Time For A Breakdown".
Released in May 2008 just prior to embarking on a national tour with Robert Plant, Alison Krauss and T Bone Burnett for their "Raising Sand" album, "Perfect Time For A Breakdown" was Sharon Little’s first release for CBS Records. It also continued her collaboration with songwriting partner Scot Sax (formerly of the band Wanderlust). Containing 11 original compositions, including the lead track "Follow That Sound" (which became the theme song for the Benjamin Bratt series on A&E, "The Cleaner"), the album received critical acclaim from many prominent media outlets including "USA Today" and "Rolling Stone", who said, “Little’s debut, "Perfect Time for a Breakdown", showcases her deep, husky vocals over country-tinged folk rock that recalls Sheryl Crow and Jewel.” 
Songs from "Perfect Time For A Breakdown" has been featured on numerous TV programs, including "NCIS", "Ghost Whisperer", "", "NUMB3RS", and "The Good Wife", and has sold over 20,000 copies to date.
"Paper Doll".
Returning to the studio, this time with producer Don Was (The Rolling Stones, Bob Dylan), Sharon Little’s sophomore effort for CBS Records offers a broader musical palate, encompassing pop, rock, R&B and electronic soul in a ten-song manifesto of empowerment, independence, and a chronicle of the ups and downs of personal relationships. Two of its tracks, “Paper Doll” and “Shake and Shiver,” will be released on a digital EP, along with a remix version of “Shake and Shiver” and a live version of another album track, “Pluto,” in the fall of 2010. Release of the full album is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18509915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509915" title="Kimura's disease">
Kimura's disease

Kimura disease is a benign rare chronic inflammatory disorder. Its primary symptoms are subdermal lesions in the head or neck or painless unilateral inflammation of cervical lymph nodes.
History.
The first known report of Kimura disease was from China in 1937, when Kimm and Szeto identified seven cases of the condition. It first received its name in 1948 when Kimura and others noted a change in the surrounding blood vessels and referred to it as "unusual granulation combined with hyperplastic changes in lymphoid tissue."
Cause.
The cause of Kimura disease remains unknown. Reasons like an allergic reaction or an alteration of immune regulation are suspected. Other theories like persistent antigenic stimulation following arthropod bites and parasitic or candidal infection have also been proposed. To date, none of these theories have been substantiated.
Pathophysiology.
The pathophysiology of Kimura Disease remains unknown, although an allergic reaction, trauma, and an autoimmune process have all been implicated as the possible cause. The disease is manifested by an abnormal proliferation of lymphoid follicles and vascular endothelium. Peripheral eosinophilia and the presence of eosinophils in the inflammatory infiltrate suggest that Kimura Disease may be a hypersensitivity reaction. Some evidence has indicated that TH2 lymphocytes may also play a role, but further investigation is needed.
Kimura Disease is generally limited to the skin, lymph nodes, and salivary glands, but patients with Kimura Disease and nephrotic syndrome have been reported. The basis of this possible association is unclear.
Frequency and Distribution.
Kimura's Disease is said to be predominantly seen in males of Asian descent.
However a study of 21 cases in the United States showed no racial preference, of 18 males and 3 females (male/female ratio 6:1), 8 to 64 years of age (mean, 32 years), there were 7 Caucasians, 6 Blacks, 6 Asians, 1 Hispanic, and 1 Arabic 
Treatment.
Observation is acceptable if the lesions are neither symptomatic nor disfiguring. Intralesional or oral steroids can shrink the nodules but seldom result in cure.
Cyclosporine has been reported to induce remission in patients with Kimura Disease. However, recurrence of the lesions have been observed once this therapy is stopped.
Cetirizine is an effective agent in treating the symptoms of Kimura's disease. Cetirizine's properties of being effective both in the treatment of pruritus (itching) and as an anti-inflammatory agent make it suitable for the treatment of the pruritus associated with these lesions. In a 2005 study, the American College of Rheumatology conducted treatments initially using prednisone, followed by steroid dosages and azathioprine, omeprazole, and calcium and vitamin D supplements over the course of two years. The skin condition of the patient began to improve and the skin lesions lessened. However, there were symptoms of cushingoid and hirsutism observed before the patient was removed from the courses of steroids and placed on 10 mg/day of cetirizine to prevent skin lesions; an agent suitable for the treatment of pruritus associated with such lesions. Asymptomatically, the patient's skin lesions disappeared after treatment with cetirizine, blood eosinophil counts became normal, corticosteroid effects were resolved, and a remission began within a period of two months. It is also thought that the inhibition of eosinophils may be the key to treatment of Kimura's disease due to the role of eosinophils, rather than other cells with regards to the lesions of the skin.
Radiotherapy has been used to treat recurrent or persistent lesions. However, considering the benign nature of this disease, radiation should be considered only in cases of recurrent, disfiguring lesions.
Surgery has been considered the mainstay of therapy. However, recurrence after surgery is common.
Intravenous immunoglobulin. In 2011 it was reported an 8 year old boy had presented with a ﬁrm, non-tender, non-fluctuating 15-12-cm mass on the left side of the neck involving the lateral region of the neck and jaw and a 5-7-cm mass on the right side of the neck. He had an eosinophil concentration of 36% (absolute count: 8172/mL), his IgE level was 9187 IU/mL. He was diagnosed with Kimura's disease. Initially treated with corticosteroids, he was given a single dose of intravenous immunoglobulin as a steroid sparing agent after the disease flared while tapering prednisone. After IVIG administration there was a rapid improvement, both left right cervical masses diminished to less than 1cm and his eosinophil and IgE levels returned to normal range. He has been free of disease during a 6 year follow up. It was suggested IVIG may have value in the treatment of Kimura's disease. 
Tacrolimus (FK-506) There's an ongoing study to assess the efficacy of tacrolimus on Kimura's disease. One case has so far been described.
A patient with refractory Kimura's disease after surgery and treatment with prednisone was treated with tacrolimus. Tacrolimus (FK-506) was administered at an initial dosage of 1 mg every 12 hours, and FK-506 concentration in the blood was monitored monthly. FK-506 blood concentration was controlled within 5 to 15 μg/L. After 6 months, the dosage of tacrolimus was reduced to 0.5 mg daily for another 2 months and then treatment was stopped. Swelling of the bilateral salivary glands disappeared within the first week. No serious side effects were noted and the disease has not recurred in the 2 years of follow-up. Tacrolimus may be an effective treatment for patients with KD, but more research is needed to determine its long-term efficacy and safety as well as its mechanism of action. 

</doc>
<doc id="18509922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509922" title="List of chocolate bar brands">
List of chocolate bar brands

This is a list of chocolate bar brands, in alphabetical order. A chocolate bar is a confection in bar form comprising some or all of the following components: cocoa solids, cocoa butter, sugar, milk. The relative presence or absence of these components form the subclasses of dark chocolate, milk chocolate, and white chocolate. In addition to these main ingredients, it may contain emulsifiers such as soy lecithin and flavors such as vanilla.
In most of the English-speaking world, chocolate bar also refers to what is typically called a candy bar in American English. This is a form of confectionery usually packaged in a bar or log form, often coated with chocolate, and sized as a snack for one person. But within that term, a wide variety of products exists, ranging from solid chocolate bars to multiple layerings or mixtures of ingredients such as nuts, fruit, caramel or fondant containing no chocolate.

</doc>
<doc id="18509931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509931" title="List of rowing clubs in Switzerland">
List of rowing clubs in Switzerland

Switzerland – Schweizerischer Ruderverband [http://www.swissrowing.ch]

</doc>
<doc id="18509946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509946" title="Bathgate (Upper) railway station">
Bathgate (Upper) railway station

Bathgate (Upper) railway station was a railway station serving the town of Bathgate in West Lothian, Scotland. It was located on the Bathgate and Coatbridge Railway.
History.
Bathgate was opened by the Edinburgh and Bathgate Railway on 12 November 1849, being renamed as Bathgate Upper on 1 August 1865 by the North British Railway as the same time as the Monkland Railways station of the same name was renamed as Bathgate Lower.
The station lay on a curve immediately next to Bathgate West Junction, approximately 150 yards south of the eastern end of the current station. A loop line existed behind the down platform, and from this line a branch ran to Mosside and Riddochhill collieries. Continuing through the station, a line branched off to the right to the Bathgate branch of the Monkland Railways. (This was known as the Blackston Branch in North British documentation). Slightly further west was a triangular junction. The line passed Boghead Colliery. 28 chains (slightly over a quarter of a mile) from Upper Station lay Polkemmet Junction. From here, the line continued west as the Bathgate and Coatbridge Railway, while the Wilsontown, Morningside and Coltness Railway headed due south.
The station was closed on 9 January 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="18509947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509947" title="Eliprodil">
Eliprodil

Eliprodil (SL-82.0715) is a drug which acts as an NMDA antagonist, binding to the polyamine modulatory site. It has neuroprotective and anticonvulsant effects in animal studies, but does not support self-administration or substitute for phencyclidine, and does not produce sedation or amnesia. It was researched for the treatment of stroke and epilepsy but human trials failed to show clear beneficial effects.

</doc>
<doc id="18509955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509955" title="Equatorial Guinea at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Equatorial Guinea at the 2008 Summer Olympics

Equatorial Guinea competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, People's Republic of China from August 8 to August 24, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18509968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509968" title="International Paderborn Computer Chess Championship">
International Paderborn Computer Chess Championship

The International Paderborn Computer Chess Championship is an annual chess tournament for computer chess programs. It is organised yearly by the University of Paderborn. The first edition was played in 1991, the fifth edition is 1995 was also the 13th edition of the World Microcomputer Chess Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18509976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509976" title="Gabon at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Gabon at the 2008 Summer Olympics

Gabon competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, People's Republic of China from August 8 to August 24, 2008.
References.
[http://web.archive.org/web/20080825071557/http://results.beijing2008.cn/WRM/ENG/BIO/Athlete/5/234375.shtml]

</doc>
<doc id="18509994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509994" title="Togo at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Togo at the 2008 Summer Olympics

Togo competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, China from August 8 to August 24, 2008.
At the men's slalom K-1 event, Benjamin Boukpeti won a bronze medal in canoeing, the first ever Olympic medal for the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18509995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509995" title="Miss Earth Special Awards">
Miss Earth Special Awards

Miss Earth is the only universal pageant that has specific title for each runner-up. 
To distinguish the runners-up at the national competition from the global level, Miss Earth international edition has included the title "Miss Earth" before the names of the element - Air, Water and Fire - in the sash of runners-up; for example, "Miss Earth-Air."
There are several awards given to deserving candidates during the coronation night. Some awards are bestowed by sponsors of a particular Miss Earth international edition.

</doc>
<doc id="18509998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18509998" title="The Natural History of Iceland">
The Natural History of Iceland

The Natural History of Iceland () is a natural history of Iceland by Danish lawyer Niels Horrebow. It was first published in Danish in 1752 with an English translation in 1758. 
History of the work.
The book was intended to correct errors in past natural histories of Iceland, particularly the work of Hamburg mayor Johann Anderson, who had written about the island without ever actually visiting it. Anderson had relied entirely on accounts from German and Dutch sea captains, but Horrebow lived in Iceland for two years, studying the animals, plants, weather, and geological features. He also made note of the cultural practices of the Icelandic people. Horrebow's resulting work was published in Danish in 1752, then translated into German (1753), Dutch (1754), English (1758) and French (1764).
"Concerning Snakes".
"The Natural History of Iceland" is often noted for its seventy-second chapter, "Concerning Snakes", which, in its English translation, consists solely of one sentence: 
Several works of English literature make light of this brief passage. For example, James Boswell's "Life of Johnson" (1791) relates how Samuel Johnson bragged to a friend that he could recite the chapter in its entirety.
And William Morris' utopian novel "News From Nowhere" (1890) contains a short chapter called "Concerning Politics", in which a resident of "Nowhere" tells the narrator, "We are very well off as to politics,—because we have none. If you ever make a book out of this conversation, put this in a chapter by itself, after the model of old Horrebow's Snakes in Iceland."
The original Danish version of the chapter on snakes was actually a full paragraph, rather than just one sentence. It was a direct response to a paragraph in Johann Anderson's book, which claimed that snakes could not survive the cold of Iceland. Horrebow's full chapter was translated into English in an 1870 issue of "Notes and Queries":
Though the contributor to "Notes and Queries" remarked that "Horrebow's chapter is ... not so ridiculous as generally supposed", the earlier English translation of the chapter is still much better-known. The phrase "snakes in Iceland" is listed in the "Oxford English Dictionary", where it is traced to the 1758 translation and defined as "something posited only to be dismissed as non-existent".

</doc>
<doc id="18510008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510008" title="Mozambique at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Mozambique at the 2008 Summer Olympics

Mozambique competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, People's Republic of China from August 8 to August 24, 2008. The delegation had 5 athletics in 3 disciplines.

</doc>
<doc id="18510036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510036" title="Vicki Barr Flight Stewardess Series">
Vicki Barr Flight Stewardess Series

Vicki Barr is a popular mystery series for girls published by Grosset & Dunlap from 1947 to 1964. Helen Wells (1910–1986) wrote volumes #1-4 and 9-16, and Julie Campbell Tatham (1908–1999), the creator of Trixie Belden, wrote volumes #5-8. Wells returned to write the series, but the last volume, "The Brass Idol Mystery", though credited to Wells, is believed to have been written by Walter B. Gibson, the creator and writer of "The Shadow" and sometime author of the Biff Brewster series for boys.
See also.
Stratemeyer Syndicate

</doc>
<doc id="18510041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510041" title="Aruba at the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Aruba at the 2008 Summer Olympics

Aruba competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. Their participation marked their sixth Olympic appearance, and included the smallest number of athletes that had ever represented Aruba in its history. Two Arubans competed in the Olympic games: Jan Roodzant participated as a swimmer, and Fiderd Vis participated in judo. The Aruban delegation arrived in Beijing between August 1 and August 4, including the athletes, coaches, and various officials from both the IOC and the Aruban Olympic Committee ("Comité Olimpico Arubano", COA), Aruba's local Olympic committee. Fiderd Vis came to Beijing on special invitation from the IOC, which had observed his progress while he trained in Brazil. Vis was the flagbearer in the opening ceremony, while Roodzant was so in the closing ceremony. Both athletes were eliminated in the preliminary rounds on August 12, 2008; consequently, Aruba did not earn any medals.
Background.
Aruba had competed in five consecutive Olympic Games by 2008; its entrance into the Beijing Olympics marked its sixth consecutive appearance since the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. In the summer of 2008, the fewest athletes in Aruba's history thus far participated in the Olympics, with two men participating in two events. This compares with Aruba's participation in the previous 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, where Aruba was represented by four athletes of three sports. Aruba's 2008 Olympic representatives included no female athletes, which had occurred only once previously in Atlanta's 1996 Summer Olympics (three male athletes participating in three distinct sports).
On August 1, 2008, the Aruban athletes left for Beijing aboard KLM Flight 765. Vis and Roodzant were accompanied by their trainers and COA officials Edmundo Josiah and Chu Halabi. COA president Leo Maduro and COA officials Mary Hsing and Ling Wong left for Beijing three days later. Alongside IOC member Nicole Hoevertsz, this group formed the Aruban delegation to the 2008 Summer Olympic Games.
The Aruban delegation arrived at the Olympic Village on August 6, 2008, alongside the delegations of Paraguay, Cuba, and Tuvalu. As part of the welcoming ceremony, the Chinese military hoisted the Aruban flag, and the Aruban national anthem "Aruba Dushi Tera" was performed. The Aruban delegation and the governing body of the Olympic Village exchanged gifts.
Aruba's athletes were 109th to enter the Beijing National Stadium during the march of nations of the opening ceremony. Fiderd Vis, the only judoka representing Aruba, was the flagbearer. During the closing ceremony, the swimmer Jan Roodzant was the flagbearer.
Judo.
Fiderd Vis was the only Aruban participating as a judoka in the Beijing Olympics. He was trained by Alberto Thiel.
To train for the Olympics, Fiderd Vis left Aruba to train in Brazil, taking advantage of an agreement between the COA and the Brazilian Olympic Committee and another between the COA and the Brazilian Judo Confederation fostered after Aruba's participation in the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro. Vis left for Brasília on Wednesday, June 4, 2008 to participate in the Campeonato Suramericano. He later traveled to São Paulo to train with Brazilian judokas. Having seen Vis's progress, the International Olympic Committee extended to him a special invitation that guaranteed his participation in the Beijing Olympics. The COA accepted the invitation, and Fiderd Vis became Aruba's second and final athlete for the year's Olympic Games.
Vis faced Guo Lei of the People's Republic of China on August 12 in the fourteenth match of the preliminary round of 32. He was defeated, and did not advance.
Swimming.
Netherlands-born Jan Roodzant was the only Aruban swimmer to participate in the Beijing Summer Olympics.
Roodzant spent the year prior to the Olympics with trainer Ismael Santiesteban preparing in Gainesville, Florida, receiving specialist training alongside the University of Florida's swim team. He returned to Aruba for a few days, starting February 26, 2008, but soon returned to the United States to resume his training. Roodzant sook to qualify for FINA by doing well at the CARIFTA Swimming Championships; in qualifying for FINA, Roodzant secured a spot in the Beijing Olympics.
Roodzant completed his last practice in Beijing on August 11, 2008, the day before his competition. Roodzant was assigned to heat 2 for his race. He was the fastest swimmer in his heat during the preliminaries of August 12, with a time of 51.69s in the Men's 100 m freestyle event. Overall, however, he was 53rd out of 64 in the event, and as a result, he did not advance.

</doc>
<doc id="18510042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510042" title="Mar Thoma Yuvajana Sakhyam">
Mar Thoma Yuvajana Sakhyam

Mar Thoma Yuvajana Sakhyam is the youth wing of the Malankara Mar Thoma Syrian Church (known as Mar Thoma Church). Founded in 1933 at the Maramon Convention, it has spread its wings to all the continents, bringing youths of the Mar Thoma church under one umbrella. .This Organization, is famous for bringing out the talents in the youth. In its long history, it has produced many eminent personalities in the church and in the society..
It was in Kerala, in the 1st century CE, Thomas the Apostle arrived to preach the gospel to the Jewish community. Some of the Jews and locals including the wise men who saw Jesus as a baby in Bethlehem became followers of Jesus of Nazareth. They were known as Nasrani people and their church was Malankara Church. They followed a unique Hebrew-Syriac Christian tradition which included several Jewish elements and Indian customs. Mar Thoma Church is part of this Malankara Church, still fully independent, without being part of any other Churches.
Objectives.
The Mar Thoma Yuvajana Sakhyam was organized with a view,
History.
As a programme of the centenary celebration of reformation in Malankara Church, Yuvajana Sakhyam was organized in 1933 by a resolution of the Sabha Prathinithi Mandalam (representative assembly of the Church). The first committee included Rev. V. P. Mammen as President; Rev. K. E. Oommen and Rev. C. M.John (later Dr. Juhanon Mar Thoma Metropolitan) as Vice Presidents; and Mr. V. E. Thomas (later Rev. V. E. Thomas, Singapore) as Secretary. The first meeting was held on November 11, 1933.
By 1937, there were 40 branches for the Sakhyam. 40 representatives attended the first general body meeting held on February 26, that year.
In 1945, Mr. M. M. Thomas (later Dr. M. M. Thomas) was appointed as a full-time Organizing Secretary. Under his dynamic leadership the Sakhyam struck deep roots and spread its branches far and wide. (In 1966, Dr. M.M.Thomas was the delegate of the Mar Thoma church to the fourth assembly of the World Council of Churches. He was the chairman of the WCC Central Committee till 1975. Later he was appointed by the Government of India as the Governor of a state in India.) 
Organization.
Most of the Mar Thoma parishes have branches of the Sakhyam. A group of such a branches form a Center. There are a number of such centers under each Diocese. The constitution prescribes that the President should be a bishop of the Church.
Establishments.
The Golden Jubilee Memorial building, main office building is at Tiruvalla was opened in 1986. It is close to the Mar Thoma Church office.
In connection with Silver Jubilee celebrations, a Youth Center was built in Adoor. It can accommodate about 200 young people to camp there.
The Sakhyam has its own printing press to provide training and employment to the youth.
In 2006, another Mar Thoma Youth Center was inaugurated in Bangalore, Karnataka, South India.

</doc>
<doc id="18510052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510052" title="California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology">
California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology

The California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology (Calit2, previously Cal (IT)2) is $400 million academic research institution jointly run by the University of California, San Diego (UCSD) and the University of California, Irvine (UCI). As a multidisciplinary research institution, it is devoted to conducting cutting-edge research discovering new ways in which emerging technologies can improve the state's economy and citizens' quality of life. Keeping in mind its goal of addressing large-scale societal issues, Calit2 extends beyond education and research by also focusing on the development and deployment of prototype infrastructure for testing new solutions in real world environments. Calit2 also provides an academic research environment in which students can work alongside industry professionals to take part in conducting research and prototyping and testing new technologies.
Since 2008, Calit2 has implemented its strategic plan, Path Forward. The plan is based on the four core enabling technologies of wireless telecommunications, phototonics, nanotechnology and micro-electro-mechanicals systems (MEMS), and cyber space in order to digitally transform applications in culture, health, energy, and the environment. Partnering with companies such as Broadcom, Cisco Systems, Hitachi, and Google Earth, Calit2 has collaborated with more than 250 industry names on sponsored research, technology licensing, and spinoffs based on Calit2 inventions. The State of California provided a $100 million grant to Calit2 to support the design and construction of both campus buildings and facilities. Calit2 also receives support from other funding agencies such as the National Science Foundation, National Institutes of Health, CalTrans, and the UC Discovery Program.
People.
Calit2 is home to scientific, artistic, and technological innovators. Leadership is divided into four main groups: Directors, Divisional Councils, Governing Board, and the Advisory Board. Notable and distinguished members of the advisory board include: 
Buildings.
Calit2 currently has two buildings, one located at UC San Diego, and another at UC Irvine. The two Calit2 facilities have unique capabilities such as clean rooms, MEMS labs, immersive virtual reality facilities, and a digital cinema theater. Another important feature of these buildings is its shared laboratory space that is both flexible and reconfigurable as the space can be reassigned or rearranged when new projects emerge.
UCSD Building.
Atkinson Hall is the home of Calit2 at UCSD and was designed by NBBJ and constructed by Gilbane, inspired by the notion of change and the coexistence of opposites. This building was designed as an instrument of research to encourage partners to combine in unusual teams to make fundamental discoveries. Atkinson Hall's interior encourages open communication and collaboration between colleagues through its open and reconfigurable design. This building features the state-of-the-art StarCAVE virtual-reality environment. The StarCAVE is a pentagon-shaped, 3D, virtual reality (VR) room where the audience and viewer are surrounded by 360-degree projections over 15 screens covering the walls and two screens on the floor Another important feature Atkinson Hall provides to its visitors and researchors is its extreme bandwidth. Atkinson Hall contains about 2 million feet of category 6 copper cabeling with 150 optical fibers connecting the building to UCSDs network.
UCI Building.
The Calit2 building at the University of California, Irvine is currently a 120,000-square-foot building designed by Johnson Fain Partners and constructed by PCL Construction Services. This room offers a filtered-air environment, large-scale visualization lab, network lab, and also labs for optical devices, nanotechnology and media arts. The Calit2 building features a spacious and state-of-the-art auditorium that can seat an audience of around 145 people. The UCI facility also has access to UCI's first Voice-over-IP phone system and statewide/nationwide high-speed fiber optic networks. The UCI Calit2 building is the home of TechPortal, a business technology incubator offering 1460 square feet of space for up to eight companies. TechPortal provides affordable space, access to facilities/services, and expert mentoring to UCI-based startup companies. Also, with the help of the U.S. Geological Survey, this building also contains 40 seismic sensors that measure ground and building motion.
Research.
Calit2 conducts notable research projects in the following areas: 
One notable project is Project GreenLight, in which research was dedicated in finding a way to build a functional green compute facility. Currently, CAMERA aims to create a rich, distinctive data repository and a bioinformatics tools to support the growing amount of data on metagenomic data.
Awards.
Since 2009, Calit2 has been awarded several funded research grants by NIH and NIF. Along with research grants, Calit2 was honored the Innovations in Networking Award for High-Performance Research Applications by the Coroporation for Education Network Initiatives in California (CENIC) from 2007-2012. This annual award is given out annually to "highlight exemplary innovations that leverage ultra high-bandwidth networking, particularly where those innovations have the potential to revolutionize the ways in which instruction and research are conducted, or where they further the deployment of broadband in underserved areas." Calit2's most recent project honored by CENIC was its Mexican-American advanced network project to increase bandwidth and network communication between research facilities in Mexico and America. The other past projects recognized by CENIC have included the CineGrid consortium, the Scalable, Energy Efficient Datacenters (SEED) project, and the GreenLight project.
Gallery at Calit2.
The Gallery at Calit2 has presented numerous exhibitions from artists around the world since 2009 including Jordan Crandall, Carlos Trilnick, Felipe Zuñiga, Nina Waisman, Ignacio Lopez, Adriene Jenik, Antoinette LaFarge, Robert Allen, Greg Niemeyer and Sabrina Raaf. Guest curators include Christiane Paul and Steve Dietz.
The Gallery has hosted talks by artists including Ann Hamilton, Jordan Crandall, Micha Cárdenas, Amy Sara Carroll, Sharon Daniel, Warren Sack and Rita Raley.

</doc>
<doc id="18510053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510053" title="1995 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships – Singles">
1995 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships – Singles

Jim Courier defeated Arnaud Boetsch 6–2, 7–5 to secure the title.

</doc>
<doc id="18510055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510055" title="Joop Stoffelen">
Joop Stoffelen

Joop Stoffelen (23 January 1921, Amsterdam - 26 June 2005, Lelystad) was a Dutch footballer who was active as a midfielder. Stoffelen made his debut at AFC Ajax and also played for RC Paris, Toulouse, Blauw-Wit Amsterdam and Neerlandia.

</doc>
<doc id="18510064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510064" title="The Hives discography">
The Hives discography

This is a discography for The Hives. From their formation in 1993, the band has released one demo tape, four EPs, five studio albums, one compilation album and one live DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="18510067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510067" title="Vicki Barr (athlete)">
Vicki Barr (athlete)

Victoria "Vicki" Barr (born 14 April 1982 in Gateshead) is a track and field athlete who competes in the 400 metres sprint. Her personal best for the event is 52.40 seconds. She is a frequent member of the British 4×400 m relay team and won a bronze medal at the European Athletics Championships in 2010. She was a silver medallist in the relay for England at the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
She was selected to represent Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 4×400m women's relay At the 2009 European Athletics Indoor Championships she won a relay silver medal in a team with Donna Fraser, Kim Wall and Marilyn Okoro, finishing as runners-up behind Russia. Going into the outdoor season, she was chosen for the relay at the 2009 European Team Championships and helped Great Britain to the bronze medal. She once again represented Great Britain at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics in the relay. A team of Lee McConnell, Christine Ohuruogu, Barr and Nicola Sanders came fourth in the final.
The following indoor season, Barr ran in the relay at the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships and Britain again finished fourth, just beaten to the bronze by the Czech Republic. She won a bronze medal representing Great Britain at the 2010 European Championships in the 4×400m relay. The team completed the final in a time of 3:24.32 minutes. That year she received her first call as an individual athlete, representing England at the Commonwealth Games in the 400 m. She reached the semi-finals of the 400 m then went on to win a silver medal with the English women's relay team.

</doc>
<doc id="18510076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510076" title="University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science">
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science

The University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science is the largest college of the University of Wisconsin–Madison. It is located at Madison, Wisconsin.
About the college.
The College of Letters and Science enrolls more than half of all students of the university. It provides the foundation courses in science, math, languages, and literature for all undergraduate programs across campus. The college has more than 21,000 students and more than 3,000 faculty and staff.
Letters & Science is the focal point of research in fields such as humanities, social sciences, and natural sciences. The college ranks third among UW–Madison colleges for research grant awards and contributes a significant portion of the grants administered through the Graduate School of UW–Madison. It is also a liberal arts college.
Departments and academic programs.
The college is made up of 39 departments and five professional schools that instruct students and carry out research in a wide variety of fields, such as biology, chemistry, economics, history, linguistics, and sociology. In addition, many centers, programs, and institutes offer courses for academic credit. Within the college, these units are organized under Humanities, Natural Sciences, and Social Sciences Divisions. 
Because most freshmen and sophomores take courses in the College of Letters and Science, it is the only college of the UW–Madison that touches every undergraduate student.
Letters & Science Honors Program.
The Letters & Science Honors Program serves more than 1,700 students in the college with an enriched undergraduate curriculum. The program also offers professional advising services, grants, scholarships, and awards, and numerous academic, social, and service opportunities through the Honors Student Organization. The Honors Program also supports several student organizations, such as the University of Wisconsin–Madison Forensics Team. The Honors Program was begun in response to a petition by a group of students in 1958 seeking more challenging work for outstanding students.
Notable alumni and faculty.
Many distinguished people have studied at the College of Letters and Science. Nobel prize-winning physicist John Hasbrouck Van Vleck completed his A.B. from the college in 1920. Winners of the Nobel Prize, the Pulitzer Prize, and fellows of the National Academy of Sciences have been associated with the college.

</doc>
<doc id="18510085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510085" title="Vicki Barr">
Vicki Barr

Vicki Barr may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18510113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510113" title="Faces of Children">
Faces of Children

Faces of Children () is a 1925 French-Swiss silent film directed by Jacques Feyder. It tells the story of a young boy whose mother has died and the resentments which develop when his father remarries. It was a notable example of film realism in the silent era, and its psychological drama was integrated with the natural landscapes of Switzerland where much of the film was made on location.
Plot.
After the death of his wife, Pierre Amsler, the mayor ("président") of the village of Saint-Luc in the mountainous Haut-Valais region of Switzerland, is left to bring up his two children, Jean (c.10 years old) and Pierrette (c. 5 years old). He sends his son away with his godfather, Canon Taillier, while he remarries with Jeanne Dutois, a widow with a daughter of her own (Arlette). When Canon Taillier breaks the news to Jean of his father's marriage, Jean is upset but promises to try to respect the decision.
When Jean returns home, he becomes resentful of his stepmother Jeanne whom he sees usurping his mother's place, and his feelings find their outlet in his growing hostility towards Arlette. Finding that his spacious bedroom is now occupied by Arlette and Pierrette and that he now has a smaller room, Jean takes the only portrait of his mother to his new room for comfort. While playing with Pierrette, he refuses to let Arlette join them. When he sees Jeanne take a dress that that his mother wore to make dresses for the two girls, he ruins it intentionally.
Jean and Arlette now despise each other. One day in winter while travelling in a sled, Jean surreptitiously throws Arlette's beloved childhood doll onto the track. That night, he tricks Arlette into venturing out onto the snow-covered mountain by telling her where her doll fell. Arlette gets lost and takes refuge in a chapel which becomes covered by an avalanche. Stricken with guilt, Jean tells Pierre what he has done, and a search party rescues Arlette from the chapel. Jean is silently reproached by his family, and when he turns to his mother's portrait for consolation it appears faded and distant.
Next day Jean writes a letter of apology to his father, saying that he is going away, and he asks Arlette and Pierrette to deliver it. He goes to a nearby stream, where he has seen an image of his mother smiling at him, and prepares to drown himself. The girls tell Jeanne of his departure and she goes in search of him. She finds him just as he falls into the stream, and she wades into the fast-running water to rescue him. As Jeanne comforts him back in his room, Jean finally accepts her as his new mother.
Production.
Jacques Feyder received a film commission from two Swiss producers, Dimitri de Zoubaleff and Arthur-Adrien Porchet, who were based in Lausanne, and he offered them "Visages d'enfants". Feyder wrote his own original screenplay, assisted by his wife Françoise Rosay, taking a modern and unsentimental view of unhappy childhood and giving a psychologically realistic view of all the characters. He also embedded the story in a "social study of an isolated Catholic community's rituals and customs, in a landscape that alternately separates, endangers, and forces people closer together".
His ambitions for the film were greatly helped by the natural talent of the child actor Jean Forest in the central role; Feyder and Rosay had discovered him in the streets of Montmartre and he had featured in Feyder's previous film "Crainquebille". During the spring and summer of 1923 (4 May - 2 August) filming of the many exterior scenes took place in the Haut-Valais and in the village of Grimentz, bringing landscapes prominently into view throughout the film. Feyder's cameraman, Léonce-Henri Burel, who had worked regularly with Abel Gance, achieved some striking visual effects, such as the night scenes of the search party lit by torches (instead of the more usual day for night technique); he also employed a subjective camera viewpoint to depict the onward rush of an avalanche. Local people were used as extras to play peasants and villagers, notably in the funeral and wedding scenes; (many of them had never seen a film or a camera before). Interior scenes were shot at the Studios des Réservoirs at Joinville in Paris (10 August - 6 October). (During shooting at Joinville, Feyder went to Vienna to negotiate his next contract: his wife Françoise Rosay stood in for him as director while he was away.)
After shooting was completed, Feyder had a disagreement with the distribution company Les Grands Films Indépendants, which impounded the film stock from January to May 1924. Feyder had to wait for a nearly a year before he was able to complete the editing. The release of the film did not take place until 1925, two years after work on it had begun.
Reception.
The film opened in March 1925 at the Montparnasse cinema in Paris. It was immediately acclaimed as a landmark by critics. It was not however popular with the public and it became a commercial failure. Its critical prestige brought it some distribution abroad, and in Japan in 1926 the press named it as the best European film of the year.
Later assessments have continued to value it for its simple intimacy and emotional poignancy, and for "the unusual authenticity of its natural and social milieu". The opening sequence in particular, depicting a village funeral, and lasting for about 11 minutes, has been admired for the skill of its exposition which combines narrative clarity with social detail and psychological insight. Georges Sadoul regarded "Visages d'enfants" as one of Feyder's best films; and Jean Mitry in 1973 declared that, apart from the triptych in Gance's "Napoléon" and Clair's "Un chapeau de paille d'Italie", of all the French productions of the 1920s, "Visages d'enfants" was the one he would choose to save: it was the most consistent, even and balanced, the only one which was still today resolutely modern.
Restoration.
After the film's commercial failure, the negative disappeared, and until the 1980s it was largely known through incomplete and poor quality copies. In 1986 the Cinémathèque royale de Belgique made a first restoration of the film using material held in Brussels, Amsterdam and Lausanne, together with some material already restored by the Cinémathèque française. This version lacked intertitles and colour tinting. In 1993 the Belgian and French cinematheques were assisted by Gosfilmofond (Moscow) and Nederlands Filmmuseum (Amsterdam) in a new restoration which added colour tinting. In 2004 Lobster Films (Paris) completed the restoration using digital technology to reduce spots and marks in the images, and the original French intertitles were restored. A new score (for octet) was commissioned from Antonio Coppola. The film was released on DVD by Arte Video and by Home Vision Entertainment in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18510128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510128" title="Griselda (A. Scarlatti)">
Griselda (A. Scarlatti)

Griselda is an opera seria in three acts by the Italian composer Alessandro Scarlatti, the last of Scarlatti’s operas to survive completely today. The libretto is by Apostolo Zeno, with revisions by an anonymous author. Zeno wrote his work in 1701 and it had already been set by Pollarolo and Antonio Maria Bononcini (Albinoni, Giovanni Bononcini and Vivaldi would later produce versions). It is based on the story of Patient Griselda from Boccaccio's "Decameron". Scarlatti's opera was first performed at the Teatro Capranica, Rome in January, 1721 with an all-male cast (five castratos and a tenor). 
Synopsis.
Act One.
Years before the action begins, Gualtiero, King of Sicily, had married a poor shepherdess, Griselda. The marriage was deeply unpopular with the king's subjects and when a daughter, Costanza, was born, the king had to pretend to have her killed while secretly sending her to be brought up by Prince Corrado of Apulia. Now, faced with another rebellion from the Sicilians, Gualtiero is forced to renounce Griselda and promises to take a new wife. The proposed bride is in fact Costanza, who is unaware of her true parentage. She is in love with Corrado's younger brother, Roberto, and the thought of being forced to marry Gualtiero drives her to despair.
Act Two.
Griselda returns to her home in the countryside where she is pursued by the courtier Ottone, who is in love with her. She angrily rejects his advances. Gualtiero and his followers go out hunting and come across Griselda's cottage. Gualtiero foils an attempt by Ottone to kidnap Griselda and allows her back to the court, but only as Costanza's slave.
Act Three.
Ottone still resolutely pursues Griselda and Gualtiero promises him her hand as soon as he himself has married Costanza. Griselda declares she would rather die and, moved by her faithfulness, Gualtiero takes her back as his wife. He reveals the true identity of Costanza and allows her to marry Roberto.

</doc>
<doc id="18510130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510130" title="Swynnerton Plan">
Swynnerton Plan

The Swynnerton Plan was a colonial agricultural policy that appeared as a government report in 1954 in Kenya, aiming to intensify the development of agricultural practise in the Kenya Colony. The plan was geared to expanding native Kenyan's cash-crop production through improved markets and infrastructure, the distribution of appropriate inputs, and the gradual consolidation and enclosure of land holdings.
Overview.
Roger Swynnerton was an official in the Department of Agriculture, and the main objective of the plan was to create family holdings large enough to keep the family self-sufficient in food and also enable them to practise alternate husbandry and thus develop a cash income. It was envisioned that 600,000 African families would have farming units of approximately ten acres a family, which would raise their average productivity in cash sales from £10 to £100 a year after providing for their own needs. In drawing up his plan, Swynnerton assumed twenty years would be needed to implement it.
When the Swynnerton Report was first published, its findings, in complement with the East Africa Royal Commission 1953–1955, was a reversal of previous colonial policies on native agricultural practises. It recommended that all high-quality native land be surveyed and enclosed; that the policy of maintaining 'traditional' or tribal systems of land tenure be reversed; and all the thousands of fragmented holdings be consolidated and enclosed. The 'progressive' farmers would thereby be able to obtain credit, which had been previously denied them, whilst the new title deeds would create security of tenure which would lead to investment and rural development. Furthermore, it recommended that native African farmers be allowed to grow cash crops, be given a major increase in technical assistance, and have access to all marketing facilities, all of which were previously available and restricted to the white settler minority.
The results were dramatic: the value of recorded output from the small-holdings rose from £5.2 million in 1955 to £14 million in 1964, coffee accounting for 55 percent of the increase.
Moreover, the plan also sought to consolidate scattered landholdings in Central Province so that land ownership could be concentrated in the hands of a few farmers. These individuals would then become transformed into what was envisaged as an 'African middle class' that engaged in economic production, while at the same time offering employment to the bulk of those rendered landless by the plan. It was anticipated that the remaining landless peasants would become small-scale rural craftsmen.
Impacts on the political economy.
The plan was implemented during the Mau Mau Uprising, and implementation served the politically expedient needs of the colonial government. These reforms, which were intended to increase the opportunities for Africans in the colonial society and to integrate them more effectively into the changing pattern of the economy, could not contain African politics. Nor could African politicians be 'pocketed', because the land and other economic reforms that been introduced, while benefiting indigenous capital interests, fell far short of popular demands. For example, the land consolidation programme had repressive political objectives. In the words of the Special Commissioner for Central Province, 'Thus land consolidation was to complete the work of the of Emergency: to stabilise a conservative middle class, based on the loyalists; and, as confiscated land was to be thrown into the common land pool during consolidation, it was also to confirm the landlessness of the rebels.'.
So the state intensified the spread of cash crops and dairy cattle in the African reserves, on the startling new basis of generalised private, freehold, property. For the Kikuyu, land registration and consolidation during the Emergency was the final, bitter, codification of Kikuyu clan history. By this, the plan amounted to a mental revolution for those at the bottom of Kikuyu society, destroying the "ahoi" (tenant) option for these landless poor, amounting to around one-third of the tribe's population. Henceforth, they had no kin, no ancestral land, no marginal marshlands in the reserves to go to; a new Kikuyu society was born—propertied and propertyless—and left to face an uncertain future in face of the politics of independence.
Stepping stone to Independence.
Despite this, the greater lasting benefits of the Swynnerton plan proposals were that they were accepted in full by the Royal Commission, which went further with them, recommending the removal of all racial and political barriers inhibiting the free movement of land, labour, and capital, and the recognition of private interests in land. Although the two recommendations were accepted with some modifications to suit the European farmers, they set the stage for an impending land settlement programme intended to formalise greater African participation in agriculture, the mainstay of Kenya's economy.
These twin policies of land consolidation and removal of all barriers to the functioning of land market were put into practise by 1960, and enabled a reconciliation between the departing colonial authority and the leaders of an independent Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="18510146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510146" title="Lorna McGhee">
Lorna McGhee

Lorna McGhee is a Scottish-born flutist currently on faculty at the University of British Columbia, Canada. Before moving to Canada in 1998 she was the co-principal flute of the BBC Symphony Orchestra.
Lorna has performed in many orchestras, such as the London Symphony Orchestra, Academy of St. Martin in the Fields, and Pittsburgh Symphony. Before teaching at UBC, McGhee taught at the University of Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="18510147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510147" title="Shibram Chakraborty">
Shibram Chakraborty

Sibram Chakraborty (1902-1980) was a twentieth-century Indian novelist and participant in the struggle for Indian independence.
Personal life.
Chakrabarty was born into the well-known Chachal Rajbari (royal house of Chachal) family, although his ancestral home was in Malda. He was born at his maternal uncle's house in Kolkata, the capital of British India. His father was Shibprashad Chakrabarty [শিবপ্রসাদ চক্রবর্তী]. 
A spiritualist by nature, Shibprashad would often speak of the road. Shibram inherited his wanderlust from his father. Shibram spent his early days in Paharpur and Chachal. In his boyhood days, he once ran away from home. This experience would later inspire his novel "Bari Theke Paliye" [বাড়ি থেকে পালিয়ে] (Running Away From Home), which was made into a film by Ritwik Ghatak. In school he played an active role in the Swadeshi movement (part of the struggle for Indian independence and as a result jailed, which resulted in his inability to sit for the matriculation exam. Despite not progressing further with his education, Chakrabarty studied on his own and was knowledgeable in a variety of subjects.
He spent most of his life in the second-floor mess room of a bedsit on Muktaram Babu Street in Kolkata. He turned its walls into a hand-written calendar, documenting his time there. He never married and was known as a "free spirit" and was generous to his friends. He did not maintain proper records or preserve the manuscripts of some of his works. In the last phase of his life, he ran into serious financial difficulties and the West Bengal Government put him on a monthly allowance. He died in Kolkata in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18510153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510153" title="Charles Olemus">
Charles Olemus

Charles Olemus (born February 16, 1947) was a Haitian track and field athlete who competed at the 1976 Olympic Games in Montreal.
Charles competed at 10000 metres, and completed his qualifying heat in 42:00.11. He finished 14 minutes behind the heat winner Carlos Lopes of Portugal and 8.5 minutes behind Chris McCubbins of Canada who finished next to last. While he completed the last six rounds alone on the field, track officials argued whether he should be allowed to finish the course. Ultimately he was, which held up the entire track and field schedule by fourteen minutes.
Charles was one of the members of the notorious squad of Haitian long distance track and field athletes delegated to the Olympic Games by the Baby Doc Duvalier regime during the 1970s and 1980s, who gained fame by setting all-time worst times on the Olympics, many of which are still standing today. Other notable performers included Anilus Joseph who started his 1972 10000 metres qualifying heat in a sprint then dropped out when he was already a mile behind the leaders, Wilnor Joseph who covered the 800 metres with a time of 2:15.26 in 1976, and Dieudonne Lamothe who finished last at both the 5000 metres in 1976 and at the marathon race in 1984.
See also.
Olympian marathoners made famous by finishing last:

</doc>
<doc id="18510170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510170" title="List of Ambassadors of Russia to Belgium">
List of Ambassadors of Russia to Belgium

This is a list of Ambassadors to Belgium of the Russian Empire, Soviet Union and the Russian Federation:

</doc>
<doc id="18510175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510175" title="Vladimir Sobolev">
Vladimir Sobolev

Vladimir Sobolev may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18510188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510188" title="List of songs recorded by Radiohead">
List of songs recorded by Radiohead

This is a list of Radiohead songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18510197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510197" title="DRB Class 42">
DRB Class 42

The DRB Class 42 was a type of steam locomotive produced for the Deutsche Reichsbahn. It is one of the three main classes of the so-called war locomotives ("Kriegslokomotiven"), the other two being class 50 and 52.
Seventy of the class were captured during World War II by the Soviet Union; under Russian ownership they were given the classification TL (ТЛ).
History.
These engines, built from 1943 onwards, were the second heavy locomotive class of this type after the DRG Class 52. They were built for duties on routes that were cleared for a higher axle load, because they were more economical there than the KDL 1 "Kriegslokomotiven" of Class 52. In principle they were slimmed down 44s. The Class 42 was procured as "Kriegslokomotive" KDL 3.
The total of 859 units had a number of improvements to the driving and running gear. Originally it was intended to build very large numbers of these engines, but the end of the Second World War put paid to that. A condenser locomotive, based on the Class 42 was also planned, but did not come to fruition. 
At the end of the war there were still half-finished engines in the workshops. So after 1945, 16 engines were built for the Reichsbahn in the western zone by the Maschinenfabrik Esslingen ('Esslingen Locomotive Works'). 126 engines were built by Polish factories for the PKP in Poland as Class Ty43 and three ex DRG engines also went over to the PKP as Class Ty3. Another 76 units were produced by the Lokomotivfabrik Floridsdorf in Vienna. These were not built for the Austrian Federal Railways (ÖBB), but were sold in 1949 to the CFL in Luxembourg - 20 engines (CFL class 55), in 1952 to Bulgarian State Railways (BDZ) - 33 pcs (BDZ class 16). and the rest to DR and various industrial enterprises in East Germany. 
The majority of the locomotives that ended up in the Deutsche Bundesbahn were stationed in the Saarland. These were taken out of service by 1960. The engines with the DR continued to work until 1968, and these with BDZ until 1988. Nowadays (2011) there are only two engines in operation - CFL 5519 and BDZ 16.01. They are used for special and tourist trains. 
The DB and DR locomotives had operating numbers 42 001–2810 and 42 5000. However they did not run consecutively and there were gaps.
The engines were mainly equipped with 2'2' T 30 or 2'2' T 32 tenders.
DB Class 42.90 (Franco-Crosti locomotive).
In 1952, the firm of Henschel rebuilt locomotives 52 893 and 52 894 with Franco-Crosti economisers ("Abgasvorwärmer"). Because of the resulting higher axle load, the engines were classified by the Deutsche Bundesbahn as Class 42.90 locomotives and given the operating numbers 42 9000 and 42 9001. 
Engine number 42 9000 was stabled in Bingerbrück and retired in 1959. In 1960 the second one, stationed in Oberlahnstein, was taken out of service. The experience accumulated with these very economical locomotives was used in the 31 engines of Class 50.40.
Both locomotives were coupled with 2'2' T 30 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18510200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510200" title="Malumel">
Malumel

Malumel is a village in the Karunagappalli Municipality of Quilon district, Kerala, India.
Pallikkalaar is a stream flowing through the village.
There is a temple called the Malumel Bhagavathi Kshethram (temple).
The idol is goddess Bhadrakali.Deshadevatha of Malumel.
Moreover the history about the temple is very mythological belief as it says that Devi was flowing through the waters of pallikkalar, the historical brook, and a lady came to see this thing and she thought something very different as something circling around that baby, so superficial, kind of yellow, holy ray of light and she informed the head of Kadavil family.And he informed the shastri, belonging to nelloor family, nelloor is the local family there, worshiping the bhadra, and other lords like lord vishnu, lord ganapathi, lord shiva, lord nagraja, etc. so, nelloor shastri went for picking up the superficial baby and placed her under a big old peepal tree at nelloor. The shastri informed the local king, the kayankulam raja and the raja asked for the prophets to initialize the stars and find why this superficial thing has occurred. The prophets said that it is the goddess bhadrakali, who appeared as the baby, wanted to sit beside pallikalar and give her blessings to local people over malumel. so the nelloor shastri and kayankulam raja constructed a kshetra(temple) for the devi(goddess), thus fulfilling her wish. Thus kshetra on nelloor was the root kshetra and then devi was displaced accordingly by raja to a big kshetra near the pallikalar. The kshetra also holds lord shiva, lord ganapathi, lord nagaraja in its spiritual environment which provides great feeling of relief from our problems we wanna face in our life.
The village has a vast playground in which there is a pipal tree and a banyan tree.
for more..
Facebook links : www.facebook.com/malumelgramam

</doc>
<doc id="18510234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510234" title="Sunset Productions">
Sunset Productions

Sunset Productions was a television syndication division of Guild Films which existed in the 1950s. 
Overview.
Sunset Productions is best known as the company identified in the copyright notice on a package of black-and-white Warner Bros. cartoons distributed in television syndication beginning in 1955. which were sold to Guild Films. This package consisted of the black-and-white "Looney Tunes", plus all black-and-white "Merrie Melodies" after the "Harman-Ising" era, 191 cartoons in all. The remaining pre-August 1948 cartoons (which included all color releases from that period, plus the Harman-Ising "Merrie Melodies" minus "Lady, Play Your Mandolin!") were sold to Associated Artists Productions (a.a.p.) in 1956.
New opening and closing titles were made to remove any references to the original studio because at the time, WB did not want to be associated with the syndication of their back catalog until 1967. Any WB references in the cartoons themselves were also removed - such as in "Porky in Wackyland", where the dodo zooms up with the WB shield to hit Porky Pig with a slingshot, then zooms back out.
A peculiar error is consistently seen on the copyright notices on Sunset Productions title cards, in which the copyright date is incorrectly rendered in Roman numerals as "MXM..." rather than the correct "MCM..." (i.e. MXMXLI for 1941).
The actual distribution was handled by Guild Films. Sunset was dissolved by WB in the late 1950s; Guild shut down in 1961, and WB sold TV rights to the cartoons to Seven Arts Productions. Then, in 1967, Seven Arts bought WB and became Warner Bros.-Seven Arts; at this point, WB regained TV distribution rights to these cartoons.
Soon after the WB-7A merger was complete, the studio had 79 of these black-and-white cartoons redrawn in color due to the increased demand for color cartoons by TV stations; these colorizations, produced in South Korea by Fred Ladd, have often been criticized for their inferiority to the original animation. The same 79 cartoons were colorized again in the early 1990s (along with 23 other cartoons not redrawn in 1968), this time using a computer to add color to the cartoons, thus preserving the original animation, but still the cartoons were shown in a way they were not meant to be seen (the end result was very close to the color "Merrie Melodies" that had been released around the same time; in essence, the cartoons sold to a.a.p.). Some of the computer-colorized versions (of 1937-43 cartoons) mistakenly use the 1936-37 "Looney Tunes" theme (also known as the "Porky Signature") instead of "The Merry-Go-Round Broke Down" (possibly due to an oversight). WB would also regain the cartoons they had sold to a.a.p. when they merged with Turner Entertainment, which by then owned the a.a.p. package.
Today, when using the terms "pre-August 1948" and "post-July 1948" to describe the television packages of WB cartoons, the former is usually used exclusively to refer to those cartoons in the a.a.p. package, and not including the cartoons sold to Sunset Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="18510239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510239" title="Sergey Nikitin">
Sergey Nikitin

Sergey Nikitin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18510242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510242" title="Takahamashi Station">
Takahamashi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Kinuura Rinkai Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18510243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510243" title="The Kingdom of the Fairies">
The Kingdom of the Fairies

The Kingdom of the Fairies (), initially released in the United States as Fairyland, or the Kingdom of the Fairies and in Great Britain as The Wonders of the Deep, or Kingdom of the Fairies, is a 1903 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès. The film is freely adapted from "Biche au Bois", a popular stage pantomime that had originated at the Théâtre de la Porte Saint-Martin in 1845. Prints of the film survive in the film archives of the British Film Institute and the Library of Congress.
Release.
"The Kingdom of the Fairies" was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 483–498 in its catalogues. (In Méliès's numbering system, films were listed and numbered according to their order of production, and each catalogue number denotes about 20 meters of film.) The film was registered for American copyright at the Library of Congress on 3 September 1903.
According to the Méliès scholar John Frazer, the film was "the most ambitious Star Film production to date" and "was widely distributed and heavily promoted." An original film score was prepared for the film's projection in larger cities. As with at least 4% of Méliès's entire output (including such films as "A Trip to the Moon", "The Impossible Voyage", "The Rajah's Dream", and "The Barber of Seville"), some prints were individually hand-colored and sold at a higher price.
Reception.
"The Kingdom of the Fairies", like Méliès's similarly spectacular films "A Trip to the Moon" (1902) and "The Impossible Voyage" (1904), was one of the most popular films of the first few years of the twentieth century. When Thomas L. Tally debuted the film at his Lyric Theater in Los Angeles in 1903 (billing it as "Better than "A Trip to the Moon""), the "Los Angeles Times" called the film "an interesting exhibit of the limits to which moving picture making can be carried in the hands of experts equipped with time and money to carry out their devices."
The film theorist Jean Mitry called it "undoubtedly Méliès's best film, and in any case the most intensely poetic."

</doc>
<doc id="18510250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510250" title="Hekinanshi Station">
Hekinanshi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Kinuura Rinkai Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18510254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510254" title="Mare Nostrum (album)">
Mare Nostrum (album)

Mare Nostrum is the fourth studio album by the Italian symphonic black metal band Stormlord.
Track listing.
All songs written by Gianpaolo Caprino and Francesco Bucci, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18510259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510259" title="Gongenzaki Station">
Gongenzaki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Kinuura Rinkai Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18510262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510262" title="List of Miss Earth hosts and invited guests">
List of Miss Earth hosts and invited guests

The following is a list of Miss Earth hosts and invited guests:

</doc>
<doc id="18510268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510268" title="1992 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships">
1992 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships

The 1992 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships was an ATP tournament held in Adelaide, Australia. The tournament was held from 30 December 1991 to 6 January 1992.
Goran Ivanišević won his 2nd title of the year, and the 8th of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18510284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510284" title="Shin-Handa Station">
Shin-Handa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Kinuura Rinkai Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18510291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510291" title="Handafutō Station">
Handafutō Station

Layout.
This station has one platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Kinuura Rinkai Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18510299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510299" title="Elizabeth Peke Davis">
Elizabeth Peke Davis

Elizabeth Peke Davis or sometimes Betty Davis (1803–1848) was a Hawaiian high chiefess, being the hapa haole daughter of Isaac Davis, the Welsh advisor of Kamehameha I, who helped him unify the island in 1810. She was the wife of George Prince Kaumualii, also known as Humehume.
Early life.
Betty was born on February 12, 1803 or December 24, 1803, at Waimea, Hawaii Island. Her 45-year-old father, Isaac Davis from Milford Haven, Wales, known as Aikake by Hawaiians, was one of Kamehameha's closest friends and advisors. He was given vast tracts of land and treated like nobility due to his service. Her mother was the chiefess Kalukuna, a distant relative of Kamehameha I, and her father's second wife.
She was given the name of Elizabeth and often referred to as Betty or "Peke", the Hawaiian version of Betty. She was the youngest sister of Sarah Kaniaulono Davis and George Hueu Davis.
Tragedy would strike her father in 1810. Aikake was poisoned by the chiefs who disliked the peaceful capitulation of the Kingdom of Kauai, under King Kaumualii, into a vassal state of King Kamehameha. After his death, his companion, John Young, looked after Betty and her brother and sister. Two of them were living with him in 1807, and after Davis's murder Young continued to raise them along with his five children James, her future-brother-in-law; Fanny, mother of Emma Rooke; Grace, "hānai" (foster) mother of Emma; John, future premier or kuhina nui; and Jane, mother of Peter Kaeo and Albert Kunuiakea, at his homestead at Kawaihae. In his will, dated 1834, Youg divided his lands equally between all his and Davis's children.
Marriages.
Betty married twice. Her first marriage was to Humehume, known as George Prince Kaumualii, the son of King Kaumualii and a commoner. George was five years her senior and a veteran of the War of 1812. Due to her mother-in-law's status, George was not in line to follow the father as King or even vassal king of Kauai. George was well educated, having been to New England for an education. The decisive battle was fought near Hanapepe. Here the Kauaian rebels were completely routed. Humehume and Betty were brought to Honolulu, where he died less than two years later. Betty was a widow at age 23. George and Betty had a son in early 1821, but the boy died in February 1823. Mercy Whitney described the burial: "A regular procession of two and two followed the corpse. Going into the fort in which the grave was dug seemed like entering a burying ground, more so than anything I have witnessed since I left America." The fort referred to was Paulaula o Hipo, a former heiau. The infant was part Hawaiian and part foreign, a veritable conjugation of blood and culture. The only surviving issue of this union was a daughter, born in 1823 prior to their exile. The little girl was named Harriet Kaumualii, following her father's surname. Kawahinekipi Betty and George might have had another daughter in 1821, that was given to another chiefess because George had no desire for a girl.
Betty's second marriage was to Antone Sylva, also known as Antonio Sylva (1807–1887), and this match was childless.
Later life.
American missionary Hiram Bingham described Betty in 1824: "Betty was more fair, of more European feature and slender make than most of her countrywomen at the age of 25 or 30; more taciturn, thoughtful, sedate, and retiring than others of equal rank and intelligence. She had derived some advantages from the instructions of the missionaries, and manifested some concern for her salvation. But her circumstances differed little from those of the wife of a petty chief of the lowest rank."
She died c. 1848, at the age of 45.

</doc>
<doc id="18510310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510310" title="Cevher Özden">
Cevher Özden

Abidin Cevher Özden, (b. 1933 in Trabzon, Turkey - d. 2 June 2008 in İstanbul) was a Turkish banker and businessman who, in 1981-1982, was at the origin of Turkey's biggest banking scandal to date. Both the chain of events during the scandal and himself are better known under the name of his banker's company at the time, that is, as Banker Kastelli, referring to the village near Sürmene, a town of Trabzon, where he was born. Current name of this village is Baştımar and was now Mahno, which was derived from Mah-i New (New Moon in Persian) 
Cevher Özden led a successful and respected business life as a stock exchange agent in debt instruments for more than three decades, until he was caught, as many others, in the turbulence of the new economic climate created by the monetary reforms pushed forward by the then Deputy Prime Minister Turgut Özal. He founded the company Banker Kastelli in 1980 and became the exclusive marketing agent for ten different banks. Before the end of the year, his business reached a scope where he controlled approximately 2.5 billion US Dollars worth of deposits entrusted by about 550 thousand people, and he attained much fame and notoriety. His use of these funds for his own investment operations led to Özden's being put under pressure before long, both by the banks and his customers. New measures on monetary surveillance adopted by the Central Bank of Turkey in the summer of 1982 caused Özden to flee in panic to Switzerland. One of the direct consequences of his abrupt disappearance from the market was the demission of Özal from his post in the cabinet. Cevher Özden committed suicide in 2 June 2008 due to lack of money.

</doc>
<doc id="18510315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510315" title="Shin-Hamamatsu Station">
Shin-Hamamatsu Station

Station history.
Shin-Hamamatsu Station was established on September 1, 1927, as . Its reinforced concrete station building was also the headquarters of the Enshū Railway, and was regarded as one of the most modern buildings in Hamamatsu. It was destroyed during the bombing of Hamamatsu in World War II. The station was rebuilt after the war, and renamed Shin-Hamamatsu in 1953. The tracks were elevated in 1981, and a new station was constructed 100 meters to the northeast, closer to Hamamatsu Station. On the former site now stands the Hamamatsu Meitetsu Hotel. The associated Entetsu Department Store opened within the station building in 1988, and the station was modified to become barrier free in 2004.
Layout.
Shin-Hamamatsu Station is an elevated station with a twin opposed side platforms. The station building is a major department store in downtown Hamamatsu. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles, which accept the NicePass, smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18510327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510327" title="1991 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships">
1991 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships

The 1991 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Adelaide, Australia and was part of the ATP World Series of the 1991 ATP Tour. It was the 14th edition of the tournament and was held from 31 December 1990 to 7 January 1991.
Nicklas Kulti won his only title of the year, and the 1st of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18510331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510331" title="Dai-Ichi-dōri Station">
Dai-Ichi-dōri Station

Station history.
Dai-Ichi-dōri Station was established on December 1, 1985, as a commuter station in downtown Hamamatsu city.
Layout.
Dai-Ichi-dōri Station is viaduct station with a single elevated side platform. It is manned during daylight hours. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles, which accepts the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18510348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510348" title="Enshū-Byōin Station">
Enshū-Byōin Station

Station History.
Enshū-Byōin Station was established on June 1, 1958 as , the original terminal station for the Enshū Railway Line. The current Shin-Hamamatsu Station is located on what was formerly the rail yard. The station was renamed as in1985 and renamed to its present name in 2007. In April 2007, the Enshū Hospital, after which the station was named, was relocated, and the station name is now under reconsideration.
Layout.
Enshū-Byōin Station has dual opposed elevated side platforms, with the station building located underneath. It is manned during daylight hours. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18510353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510353" title="Hachiman Station">
Hachiman Station

Station history.
Hachiman Station was established on April 1, 1930 as . The station was renamed to its present name in 1985. 
Layout.
Hachiman Station is an elevated station with dual opposed side platforms. It is manned during daylight hours. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18510369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510369" title="Sukenobu Station">
Sukenobu Station

Station history.
Sukenobu Station was established on December 6, 1909. It was renamed as in 1926, reverting to its original name and moved from in 1985. The station building was rebuilt in 1953. All freight operations ceased in 1974. The tracks were elevated and a new station building was completed in 1985.
This station had an island platform serving two tracks.
Layout.
Sukenobu Station is an elevated station with dual opposed side platforms serving two tracks. It is manned during daylight hours. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18510378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510378" title="Michel Debost">
Michel Debost

Michel Debost (born 20 January 1934) is a French flutist.
Born in Paris, he is one of the well known flutists of the French school. He has studied under Gaston Crunelle and Marcel Moyse. Michel has won major international competitions. He was Principal Flute in the "Orchestre de Paris". He replaced Jean-Pierre Rampal as Professor of flute at the Conservatoire de Paris. Debost has recorded much flute repertoire on LPs and CD. He lives in the United States with his wife Kathleen Chastain who is also a flutist. He taught at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music in Ohio from 1989-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18510381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510381" title="Hikuma Station">
Hikuma Station

Station History.
Hikuma Station was established on December 6, 1909 as . It was renamed as in 1926, renamed as in 1951, renamed to its present name in 2012.
This station was an unmanned station with a single side platform as Enshū-Hikuma Station.
Layout.
Hikuma Station is an elevated station with dual opposed side platforms serving two tracks. It is manned during daylight hours. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18510392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510392" title="1990 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships">
1990 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships

The 1990 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Memorial Drive Park in Adelaide in Australia and was part of the World Series of the 1990 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from 1 through 7 January 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18510398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510398" title="Kamijima Station">
Kamijima Station

Station History.
Kamijima Station was established on December 6, 1909. It was renamed as in 1926, reverting to its original name in 2012. Freight operations began in 1956 with the completion of a large oil terminal nearby; freight operations were discontinued in 1975.
This station had a single island platform as Enshū-Kamijima Station.
Layout.
Kamijima Station is a manned station. It is an elevated station with dual opposed side platforms serving two tracks. The station building is located on one end of the platform. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18510404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510404" title="The Citadel (1960 U.S. TV film)">
The Citadel (1960 U.S. TV film)

The Citadel is a 1960 American television adaptation of A. J. Cronin's 1937 novel, "The Citadel". It was written by Dale Wasserman and starred James Donald as Dr. Manson and Ann Blyth as Christine Barlow. Other television versions include two British (1960 and 1983) and two Italian (1964 and 2003) adaptations.

</doc>
<doc id="18510421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510421" title="Jidōsha-Gakkō-Mae Station">
Jidōsha-Gakkō-Mae Station

Station History.
Jidōsha-Gakkō-Mae Station was established on December 6, 1909 as . It was renamed to in 1926. The station gained its present name with the opening of a large driver’s training school nearby in 1966. The station has been unmanned since September 1974.
Layout.
Jidōsha-Gakkō-Mae Station is an unmanned station with a single island platform. The station building is a four-story building, with the upper floors as private condominiums. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18510429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510429" title="False Pretenses (1935 film)">
False Pretenses (1935 film)

False Pretenses is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Charles Lamont and starring Irene Ware.
Plot.
When Mary Beekman, Irene Ware, loses her waitress job, after a fight with her loutish boyfriend, trucker Mike O’Reilly, Edward Gargan, she almost loses her life, chasing the windblown pay check, over the guardrail of a bridge.
Socialite Kenneth Alden, Sidney Blackmer, catches her. He’s lost everything, which isn’t already mortgaged. Both down on their luck, they assume that the other is there to jump off the bridge. 
Instead, Mary has an idea. If Ken sells shares to a syndicate of his wealthy friends, in a phoney beauty product, they’ll have enough money for some clothes to pass Mary off in society, long enough to meet and marry a wealthy bachelor. Then, they can pay everyone back, with interest.
The con might work, except that Ken has too much integrity to marry for money, to Clarissa, Betty Compson; and, Mary is beginning to see his point, when she falls for Pat, Russell Hopton, who has secrets of his own.
The plot boils over when Mike shows up to blow the lid off. There’s a police chase. Mary is hauled off to the station; and, someone gets socked in the jaw. 
It looks like no one is going to end up with anything, but a bad reputation; but, it’s not over yet, in this curious, romantic comedy, about the social set, in 1930’s America, from Chesterfield films.

</doc>
<doc id="18510439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510439" title="Saginomiya Station (Shizuoka)">
Saginomiya Station (Shizuoka)

Station history.
Saginomiya Station was established on December 6, 1909. In October 1972, the station was rebuilt at a new location 100 metres north of its original location, and the next station on the line (the was abolished.
Layout.
Saginomiya Station is a manned station with a single side platform. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18510449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510449" title="Sekishi Station">
Sekishi Station

Station history.
Sekishi Station was established on December 6, 1909 as . In 1926, the station was renamed . It gained its present name in June 1964. The station has been unmanned since 1974.
Layout.
Sekishi Station is a manned station with a single island platform. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18510454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510454" title="Enshū-Nishigasaki Station">
Enshū-Nishigasaki Station

Station history.
Enshū-Nishigasaki Station was established on December 6, 1909. It was renamed in April 1923, Freight services were discontinued from 1973.
Layout.
Enshū-Nishigasaki Station is a manned station with a single island platform. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18510456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510456" title="1989 South Australian Open">
1989 South Australian Open

The 1989 South Australian Open was a Grand Prix tennis circuit tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Memorial Drive Park in Adelaide in Australia and was part of the 1989 Nabisco Grand Prix. The tournament ran from 2 through 9 January 1989.
Mark Woodforde won his 1st title of the year, and the 5th of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18510467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510467" title="One Town One Product">
One Town One Product

One Town One Product is a government campaign follow the business model of Japanese One Village One Product may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18510475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510475" title="Enshū-Komatsu Station">
Enshū-Komatsu Station

Station History.
Enshū-Komatsu Station was established on December 6, 1909. It was renamed in April 1923, Freight services were discontinued from 1973. The head offices of the Enshu Railway were temporarily relocated to this station during World War II. All freight operations were discontinued in 1973. The station building was reconstructed in 1979.
Layout.
Enshū-Komatsu Station is a manned station with a single island platform, connected to a two-story wooden station building. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18510480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510480" title="Hamakita Station">
Hamakita Station

Station history.
Hamakita Station was established on December 6, 1909 as . It was renamed in April 1923. All freight operations were discontinued in 1973. The station was given its current name in 1977, when the station building was reconstructed into a two-story structure housing a small shopping center. This shopping center closed in 2003.
Layout.
Hamkita Station is a manned station with a single island platform, connected to a two-story station building. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18510483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510483" title="Serenade for Wind Instruments (Dvořák)">
Serenade for Wind Instruments (Dvořák)

Serenade for wind instruments, cello and double-bass in D minor (), Op. 44, B. 77, is a chamber composition by the Czech composer Antonín Dvořák.
It was created in 1878, shortly after the première of the opera "The Cunning Peasant". The work was premiered on 17 November 1878 at a concert featuring exclusively Dvořák's works, with the Prague orchestra of the "Provisional Theatre" (). The composition was performed under the composer's baton.
The Serenade evokes the old-world atmosphere of the musical performances on the castles of the Rococo period, where the worlds of the aristocracy and the common folk merged. It is composed in a "Slavonic style" (shortly before the "Slavonic Dances"), and the middle part of the second movement contains rhythms reminiscent of the furiant dance form.
Structure.
The work consists of four movements:
The Serenade is written for two oboes, two clarinets, two bassoons and for three horns. The composer later added parts for cello and double bass to enhance the force of the bass line. The double bassoon part was attached ad lib, since in Dvořák's time it was not easy to obtain this unusual instrument.
In popular culture.
An excerpt from the third movement is performed by a chamber ensemble in a scene from the film Iron Jawed Angels.

</doc>
<doc id="18510489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510489" title="Misono-Chūō-kōen Station">
Misono-Chūō-kōen Station

Station History.
Misono-Chūō-kōen Station was established on April 1, 1951 as the original “Hamakita Station”. It was renamed in August 1977, and given its present name in August 2007.
Layout.
Misono-Chūō-kōen Station is an unmanned station with a single island platform. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18510498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510498" title="Enshū-Kobayashi Station">
Enshū-Kobayashi Station

Station History.
Enshū-Kobayashi Station was established on December 6, 1909 as . It was given its present name in April 1923. The station has been unmanned since 1974. The station building was rebuilt in 1982.
Layout.
Enshū-Kobayashi Station is an unmanned station with a single island platform, with the station building built onto one end of the platform. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18510505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510505" title="Haruda Station">
Haruda Station


</doc>
<doc id="18510509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510509" title="Enshū-Shibamoto Station">
Enshū-Shibamoto Station

Station History.
Enshū-Shibamoto Station was established on December 6, 1909 as . It was given its present name in April 1923. The station was rebuilt in 1990 approximately 110 meters south of its former location.
Layout.
Enshū-Shibamoto Station is an unmanned station with a single island platform, with the station building built onto one end of the platform. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway
 

</doc>
<doc id="18510522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510522" title="Éric Mouquet">
Éric Mouquet

Éric Mouquet (born 1960, Valenciennes, France), is the co-founder of the band Deep Forest. He won a Grammy Award in 1995, and a World Award for best world music album.
The other half of Deep Forest is Michel Sanchez.
Mouquet has composed and produced for different artists such as Josh Groban (Closer), (Awake), Ana Torroja (Mecano), Mell (Japan), Chitose Hajime (Japan), Sa Dingding (Deep China).
In June 2008, he started a new label called Deep Projects, to promote music inspired by travel and the meeting with musicians from around the world. Albums that Mouquet has worked on include "Deep Brasil" (released 2008), "Deep Africa" (released June 2013), "Deep China" (featuring Sa Dingding), "Deep Sky" and "Deep India" (released February 2013 feat. Rahul Sharma).

</doc>
<doc id="18510523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510523" title="Enshū-Gansuiji Station">
Enshū-Gansuiji Station

Station History.
Enshū-Gansuiji Station was established on December 6, 1909 as . It was given its present name in April 1923. The station has been unmanned since 1974.
Layout.
Enshū-Gansuiji Station is an unmanned station with a single island platform, connected to a small, rustic wooden station building. The station building has automated ticket machines, and automated turnstiles which accept the NicePass smart card, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Enshū Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18510524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510524" title="Betty Burbridge">
Betty Burbridge

Betty Burbridge (December 7, 1895 – September 19, 1987) was an American screenwriter and actress, best known for her Western screenplays.
Biography.
Elizabeth Burbridge was born in San Diego, California on December 7, 1895, the granddaughter of Civil War Major General Stephen G. Burbridge. She began her career as an actress working in 62 silent short films between 1913 and 1916 using her birth name Elizabeth Burbridge. She also appeared in four feature-length silent films: "Rumpelstiltskin" (1915), "The Winged Idol" (1915), "The Tongues of Men" (1916), and "Charity" (1916).
In 1917, Burbridge began her career as a screenwriter, working at first on silent short films. By 1923, she was writing a syndicated newspaper column under the name Prudence Penny Jr., providing readers advice on interior decorating and love. In 1924, Burbridge was hired by film producer Lester F. Scott Jr. as a scriptwriter for his newly formed Action Pictures. From 1924 to 1929, she wrote a majority of Action Pictures' low-budget silent films for Buddy Roosevelt, Buffalo Bill, Jr., and Wally Wales. By 1926, she was working almost exclusively on western films. With the advent of sound films, Burbridge became a freelance writer, working on films for Rex Lease, Bob Custer, Jack Perrin, and Tom Tyler.
In 1935, Burbridge was hired by Republic Pictures and became the principal writer for singing cowboy Gene Autry in the 1930s and 1940s. In addition to providing the story for "Melody Trail" (1935), she wrote thirteen western film screenplays for Autry: "The Singing Vagabond" (1935), "Springtime in the Rockies" (1937), "Gold Mine in the Sky" (1938), "Man from Music Mountain" (1938), "Prairie Moon" (1938), "Colorado Sunset" (1939), "Rovin' Tumbleweeds" (1939), "South of the Border" (1939), "Rancho Grande" (1940), "Gaucho Serenade" (1940), "Ride, Tenderfoot, Ride" (1940), "Melody Ranch" (1940), and "Stardust on the Sage" (1942). In total, Burbridge wrote 124 films between 1917 and 1949.
In the 1950s, Burbridge began writing for television, contributing several screenplays for "The Cisco Kid" television series in 1950 and 1951, and three screenplays for "The Gene Autry Show" from 1950 to 1952. Her last credited screenplay was for an episode of "The Range Rider" television series in 1952. Burbridge died on September 19, 1987 in Tarzana, California at the age of 91. She is buried in Angelus-Rosedale Cemetery in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18510527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510527" title="Mehdi Hashemi (actor)">
Mehdi Hashemi (actor)

Mehdi Hashemi (), born in Langrud, north of Iran in 1946 (1325 Iranian calendar), is an Iranian actor, screenwriter, and director.
He studied performance art and graduated in 1973 from the University of Tehran, Iran. The actor began his theatre/cinema career with Dariush Farhang in 1969. The peak time of his activities was between 1981 and 1996 when he played in several Iranian TV series and movies.
However it was the TV complex of Soltan-o-Shaban (Sultan and Shepherd), shot and broadcast around 1984-85 which made him famous.
He also is the winner of the ninth Iranian Fajr Film Festival award, Simorgh-e-Bolourin, for his playing in the film "Do Film Ba Yek Belit" (translates "one ticket for two movies").
He is the husband of Iranian actress, Golab Adineh, and brother of Naser Hashemi. He has acted in the films of many great Iranian directors including Bahram Beizai, Rakhshan Bani Etemad and Mohsen Makhmalbaf.

</doc>
<doc id="18510533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510533" title="Mehran Rajabi">
Mehran Rajabi

Mehran Rajabi () is an Iranian actor. His first presence in Cinema of Iran was in front of Reza Mirkarimi's camera in "The Child and the Soldier".

</doc>
<doc id="18510561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510561" title="The Man I Married">
The Man I Married

The Man I Married (alternative title I Married a Nazi) is a 1940 drama film starring Joan Bennett and Francis Lederer. An American woman marries a German, only to lose him to the Nazi Party when the couple travel to Germany.
Response.
"New York Times" reviewer Bosley Crowther called the "anti-Nazi propaganda film" "restrained", "frank and factual" and "generally entertaining cinematically". He singled out Lederer's performance for praise, but of Bennett he wrote, "she does little more than model dresses and express incredulity."

</doc>
<doc id="18510564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510564" title="Wetlands of Hong Kong">
Wetlands of Hong Kong

There are few natural wetlands in Hong Kong. The Mai Po Marshes is the biggest in them and the most famous of all. Most wetlands in Hong Kong are unused farm land, such as the Long Valley wetland (塱原濕地).
Biodiversity is a concern in these wetlands, and therefore there are often concerns about construction around wetlands. This is why the KCR built part of the Lok Ma Chau Spur Line underground to cross the Long Yuen Wetland.

</doc>
<doc id="18510592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510592" title="Frank Watson">
Frank Watson

Frank Watson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18510603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510603" title="Hans Roepstorff">
Hans Roepstorff

Hans Roepstorff (1910 – 1945) was a German chess master.
Roepstorff took 15th at Kraków 1938 (Jaroslav Šajtar won), shared first with Paul Mross but lost to him a play-off at Berlin 1938, tied for 8–10th at Warsaw/Lublin/Kraków 1942 (the third General Government chess tournament, Alexander Alekhine won), took 10th at Vienna 1943 (the 10th German Chess Championship, Josef Lokvenc won), tied for 5–6th at Krynica 1943 (the fourth GG-ch, Lokvenc won), and took third at Radom 1944 (the fifth GG-ch, Efim Bogoljubow won).

</doc>
<doc id="18510606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510606" title="11,000 Clicks">
11,000 Clicks

11,000 Clicks is a DVD release from the musical group Moloko, and their final release other than the compilation album "Catalogue". It was recorded at Brixton Academy in London and also contains a documentary titled "Ed's Film" filmed by Eddie Stevens which contains footage shot by the band both backstage and on location.

</doc>
<doc id="18510615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510615" title="Russell Hopton">
Russell Hopton

Russell Hopton (February 18, 1900 – April 7, 1945) was an American film actor. He appeared in 110 films between 1926 and 1945, often playing streetwise characters, from the city. He was born in New York, New York and died of an overdose of sleeping pills in North Hollywood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18510649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510649" title="1987 South Australian Open">
1987 South Australian Open

The 1987 South Australian Open was an Grand Prix tennis circuit tournament held in Adelaide, Australia. The tournament was held from 30 December 1986 to 5 January 1987.
Wally Masur won his only title of the year, and the 7th of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18510662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510662" title="Hidayat Prem">
Hidayat Prem

Hidayat Prem (Dr. Hidayatullah Akhund (Sindhi: ڊاڪٽر هدايت الله آخوند)) is a Sindhi scholar and author.
He was born in the house of Abdul Karim Akhund on March 24, 1946 in Ubauro District Ghotki. Hidayat Prem got his early education from Rohri, secondary from Sukkur and higher education from University of Sindh, Jamshoro. He holds a degree in linguistics from the School of Oriental and African Studies (1989), London, and received a Ph.D from University of Sindh in 1995.
First He was appointed officer in forest and then appointed as lecturer in Sindhi Department in University of Sindh and appointed chairmen of faculty. He is retired from Sindh University, and working on Sindhi language.
Dr. Hidayat Prem has written short stories, essays, and 3 books, one of which is "Sindhi boli ja muhqiq".

</doc>
<doc id="18510663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510663" title="Noddy (TV series)">
Noddy (TV series)

Noddy, also named as The Noddy Shop, is an American-Canadian television series based on Enid Blyton's children's books with stop-motion sequences from Noddy's Toyland Adventures in the British animation studio that aired from August 31, 1998 to February 16, 2000 on PBS. Then, after cancellation, aired reruns until September 1, 2002. On September 2, 2002, the show was replaced by the spinoff Make Way for Noddy. It starred Sean McCann as Noah Tomten, a former old salt.

</doc>
<doc id="18510676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510676" title="1988 South Australian Open">
1988 South Australian Open

The 1988 South Australian Open was an Grand Prix tennis circuit tournament held in Adelaide, Australia. The tournament was held from 28 December 1987 to 5 January.
Mark Woodforde won his 1st title of the year, and the 2nd of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18510677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510677" title="Modulus (algebraic number theory)">
Modulus (algebraic number theory)

In mathematics, in the field of algebraic number theory, a modulus (plural moduli) (or cycle, or extended ideal) is a formal product of places of a global field (i.e. an algebraic number field or a global function field). It is used to encode ramification data for abelian extensions of a global field. See Modulo operation for a definition most people will be seeking.
Definition.
Let "K" be a global field with ring of integers "R". A modulus is a formal product
where p runs over all places of "K", finite or infinite, the exponents ν(p) are zero except for finitely many p. If "K" is a number field, ν(p) = 0 or 1 for real places and ν(p) = 0 for complex places. If "K" is a function field, ν(p) = 0 for all infinite places.
In the function field case, a modulus is the same thing as an effective divisor, and in the number field case, a modulus can be considered as special form of Arakelov divisor.
The notion of congruence can be extended to the setting of moduli. If "a" and "b" are elements of "K"×, the definition of "a" ≡∗"b" (mod pν) depends on what type of prime p is:
Then, given a modulus m, "a" ≡∗"b" (mod m) if "a" ≡∗"b" (mod pν(p)) for all p such that ν(p) > 0.
Ray class group.
The ray modulo m is
A modulus m can be split into two parts, mf and m∞, the product over the finite and infinite places, respectively. Let "I"m to be one of the following:
In both case, there is a group homomorphism "i" : "K"m,1 → "I"m obtained by sending "a" to the principal ideal (resp. divisor) ("a").
The ray class group modulo m is the quotient "C"m = "I"m / i("K"m,1). A coset of i("K"m,1) is called a ray class modulo m.
Erich Hecke's original definition of Hecke characters may be interpreted in terms of characters of the ray class group with respect to some modulus m.
Properties.
When "K" is a number field, the following properties hold.

</doc>
<doc id="18510692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510692" title="Speaker stands">
Speaker stands

Speaker stands are stands on which loudspeakers are placed with the aim of improving the quality of sound from the speaker.
In the 1970s musicians and high fidelity enthusiasts found that lifting speakers off the ground and mounting them on something with no vibration increased sound quality. Ordinary domestic furniture was not built with the properties that would deaden vibrations and so enhance the speaker's sound. Speaker stands, therefore were purpose-built to remove any deleterious colourations that came about through unwanted vibration.
Further research has shown that speakers are best positioned so that the tweeter is level with the ear of the listener and so speaker stands are often built so that they line up the speakers with the ear of a person when sitting down. 

</doc>
<doc id="18510694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510694" title="Cheng Ding An">
Cheng Ding An

Cheng Ding An is a Singaporean director of 2008 Hit Movie "Kallang Roar the Movie".
It is slated for release in Cinemas Islandwide in Singapore cinemas on 21 August 2008.
He has a second film, Ghost on Air, slated for release on 19th May 2012. Ghost on Air stars a good friend of his Dennis Zhou Chong Qing as the lead role. 

</doc>
<doc id="18510695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510695" title="A False Student">
A False Student

A False Student () is a 1960 Japanese drama film directed by Yasuzo Masumura and starring Ayako Wakao.

</doc>
<doc id="18510704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510704" title="Harriet Kawahinekipi">
Harriet Kawahinekipi

Harriet Kawahinekipi Kaumualii (c. 1823–1843) was a Hawaiian noble during the Kingdom of Hawaii.
She was a high chiefess as the granddaughter of Isaac Davis Aikake, the royal advisor to King Kamehameha I. 
Early life and family.
Harriet was born c. 1823 as Harriet Kaumualii. 
Harriet's father was George "Prince" Kaumualii, eldest son of King Kaumualii, the last independent ruler of the island of Kauai. George was a veteran of the War of 1812, but would not inherit the kingdom. 
Her mother was Elizabeth Peke (Betty), the youngest daughter of Isaac Davis, from Milford Haven, Wales who was an important military advisor of King Kamehameha I during his conquest of the islands. 
She probably had an older sister adopted by another chiefess and an older brother who died young in 1822.
In 1824, her grandfather Kaumualii, the vassal king of Kauai who had been exiled by Kamehameha II and forced to marry Queen Kaahumanu, died in Honolulu. Harriet's father started a rebellion on Kauai, challenging the rule of King Kamehameha II and Queen Kaahumanu. Hoapili and Kalanimoku, the Prime Minister, were the main commanders for the Kingdom. The rebellion was routed. George and Betty escaped on horseback to the mountains with their infant daughter. Harriet and her mother were soon captured by the troops of Kalanimoku.
They were treated with kindness and the Queen regent nicknamed the child "ka wahine kipi" ("The Rebel Woman" in the Hawaiian language), in reference to the 1824 battle, a name that stayed with her for the rest of her life. George was captured in a few weeks and they returned his wife and child, but forced him into exile on Oahu. George died shortly after, never to see his homeland ever again.
Marriage.
Harriet married John Meek Jr., the son of Captain John Meek, on March 28, 1837, at Honolulu, Oahu. Meek was a "hapa-haole" and was two years her senior. They had no known children.
Death.
She died on September 3, 1843, at the age of about 20, three years prior to her own mother. She is buried in the cemetery of the Maria Lanakila Catholic Church on Maui. 
Her husband remarried in 1846 to a woman named Kepookalani and had another son who he named John, who would become the first native Hawaiian photographer. Meek died the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="18510719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510719" title="The Princess (Killigrew)">
The Princess (Killigrew)

The Princess, or Love at First Sight is a Caroline era stage play, a tragicomedy written by Thomas Killigrew. The play was most likely written c. 1636, while Killigrew was travelling in Italy, and was acted on the stage c. 1638, by Queen Henrietta's Men at the Cockpit Theatre.
Genre.
As with his two previous plays, "The Prisoners" and "Claricilla", Killigrew chose to work in the tragicomic genre for "The Princess". He was working in the dramatic style favoured at the court of Queen Henrietta Maria. Tragicomedy, coloured by Neoplatonism and Platonic love influences, was the fashion in which courtier dramatists like William Cartwright, Sir John Suckling, and Lodowick Carlell were casting their dramas in the 1630s.
Publication.
Though written and acted late in the Caroline era, "The Princess" was not published until its inclusion in "Comedies and Tragedies", the collected edition of Killigrew's plays issued by Henry Herringman in 1664. (Like some other plays in that volume, "The Princess" has a separate title page dated 1663, an inconsistency that causes confusion in Killigrew's bibliography.) The collected edition dedicates the play to Killigrew's niece Lady Anne Wentworth, the wife of Lord Lovelace; and it specifies that the play was written in Naples.
Revival.
Early in the Restoration era, Killigrew, then the manager of the King's Company, staged a new production of "The Princess". Samuel Pepys attended the first performance on 29 November, 1661. (As he recorded in his Diary, Pepys thought it "a poor thing.")
Synopsis.
Killigrew sets his play in a profoundly un-historical version of the ancient Roman world. His story concerns two sets of royal offspring. One consists of Facertes, Cicilia, and Lucius, the children of the late king of Sicily; and the other, Virgilius and Sophia, the (wildly fictitious) son and daughter of Julius Caesar. (Cicilia, a name that Killigrew would re-use in his later work "Cicilia and Clorinda", was the name of his first wife: Cecilia Crofts.)
The play's opening scenes show Sicilian soldiers taking Roman prisoners. Among them is Sophia, daughter of Casear; she conceals her identity. The soldiers are drawn by her beauty, and contend as to who will have her; a prominent warrior called Cilius protects Sophia from mistreatment.
These scenes also begin to sketch in the play's backstory. Caesar has attacked an independent Sicilian kingdom; its king was killed in battle, and his son and heir Facertes taken prisoner. Facertes has been placed in the custody of Caesar's son Virgilius, who, commanding troops in Gaul, was not involved in the conquest of the island. Sicily is in a state of confusion; renegade soldiers turn pirate and engage in slave-trading.
Facertes and Virgilius, two young men of noble nature, have become trusted friends; Virgilius lets his prisoner wear a sword and accompany him unguarded. Virgilius has guessed that Facertes has fallen in love with Sophia; and Virgilius has developed a plan for peace between Rome and Sicily, through a dynastic marriage between himself and Cicilia. With that goal in mind, the two young men go south.
Stopping in Naples, Virgilius sees a beautiful young woman in the slave market there, and instantly falls in love with her. Unknown to him, this is none other than Cicilia, Facertes' sister and his intended bride. He tries to buy her, but a local man purchases her first; this is Bragadine, son to the Roman viceroy of Sicily. Virgilus protests this; a brawl breaks out. Virgilius kills a soldier, and he and Facertes are pursued through the streets. A local woman named Paulina has watched the unfolding events; she has fallen in love with Virgilius, and hides him in her house. She knows Bragadine, and borrows his new slave. Facertes catches up with Virgilius at Paulina's house, and is re-united with his sister Cicilia. He tells her of Virgilius and his love for her; but Cicilia is appalled at the idea of marrying a conqueror and oppressor of her country. Through some emotional conversations, Virgilius begins to win Cicilia's heart despite her reservations.
The two young men try to leave the city at night, but are waylaid by Bragadine and his "Bravos." Though both are wounded, they kill their attackers in self-defense. (In tragicomedies – Killigrew's and others too – heroes suffer wounds but recover from them quickly and painlessly.) The two escape the city with Cicilia and Paulina and sail south on a galley.
Meanwhile, Cilius has failed in an attempt to purchase Sophia's freedom; to save her from the Neapolitan slave market, he sets the Roman prisoners free and escapes, with them and his followers, on a galley of his own. After a storm, the two parties blunder into each other on a deserted Calabrian coast. They fight; Cilius captures Facertes, Cicilia, and Paulina, but Virgilius, though wounded (again), escapes. Cilius soon tracks him down; they fight; more wounds. In the final revelation scene, Cilius turns out to be Lucius, the long-lost brother of Facertes and Cicilia. In the rather rushed and perfunctory conclusion, Virgilius wins Cicilia, and Facertes will marry Sophia; Cilius/Lucius loves her too, but this is forgotten about, as is Paulina's affection for Virgilius. Multiple plot holes (how did Caesar's daughter get captured by slavers; how did Sicilian princess Cicilia get captured by slavers; etc.) are left unfilled.
The main plot is accompanied by scenes of comic relief, featuring soldiers and clown characters.

</doc>
<doc id="18510726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510726" title="Marind people">
Marind people

Marind-anim are a people living in South New Guinea. 
Geography.
The Marind live south of the lower parts of river Digul, east of Yos Sudarso Island, mainly west of Maro River (a small area goes beyond Maro at its lower part, including Merauke). Today the area inhabited by Marind-anim is contained by Papua province of Indonesia.
Culture.
In the past, the Marind were famed because of headhunting. This was rooted in their belief system and linked to the name-giving of the newborn. The skull was believed to contain a mana-like force. Headhunting was not motivated primarily by cannibalism, but the already killed person's flesh was consumed.
The people lived spread in several extended families. Such an extended family derives its origin up to a mythological ancestor. Ancestor veneration has a characteristic form here: these mythological ancestors are demon-like figures, they feature in myths, and act as culture heroes, arranging the ancient world to its recent state, introducing plants, animals, cultural goods. They have often the form of plants or animals; there is a kind of totemism, but it is not accompanied by a regular food taboo of the respective animal or plant. Totems can appear both in artefacts and myths.
The word for such an ancestral spirit being is "dema" in the Marind languages. The material similarity of this word to “demon” is incidental. Each extended family keeps and transfers the tradition, it is especially the chore of the big men of the respective family. The influence of these big men does not go beyond their extended family.
The Marind-anim are also notable for their sexual culture, which features ritualistic male homosexuality. In the century or so before European contact, young Marind-anim men were led through initiatory rituals in which they would perform fellatio on older men in order to receive their semen, which it was believed the boys did not have until they received it from their older counterparts. Ritual intercourse with women would take place on the day of a girls wedding, when after the ceremony she would have sex with her new partners male kin before having sex with her husband. This ritualistic intercourse would take place during other times as well, such as after the women has given birth. 
Their culture was researched by several ethnologists, for example the Swiss Paul Wirz, the German Hans Nevermann, and the Dutch cultural anthropologist Jan van Baal, who was the Governor of Netherlands New Guinea from 1953 until 1958. 
The Marind languages form a small family of the Trans–New Guinea language phylum.

</doc>
<doc id="18510731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510731" title="Wee Ka Siong">
Wee Ka Siong

Datuk Ir. Dr. Wee Ka Siong (born 20 October 1968) is a Malaysian politician who has served as Member of Parliament of Ayer Hitam, Johor since 2004.
On 18 March 2008, he was appointed by the then Prime Minister of Malaysia, Tun Abdullah Ahmad Badawi as a Deputy Education Minister. He served the post from 2008 until 5 May 2013. He was dropped from the cabinet line-up following the poor performance of MCA in the 13th general election. 
Biography.
He was born in Jasin, Melaka to a Hakka clan and later brought up in Tampin, Negeri Sembilan. He was attended the SJK(C) Yu Hsien primary school and Sekolah Menengah Datuk Bendahara Jasin, Melaka.
After finishing his SPM with flying colours, He studied Civil Engineering at the Universiti Teknologi Malaysia (UTM) in 1992-1997. During this time, he was the chairperson of the non-Muslim council.
He later pursued his Master in Traffic Engineering at the Nanyang Technological University, Singapore from 1993 to 1996 and a PhD in Transportation Planning at the UTM from 1996 to 2001 . He is a qualified Civil Engineer and is a member of the Board of Engineering Malaysia (BEM).
He is married to Datin Lim Hai Ean (林海燕), a lawyer and have 2 children. A girl and a boy.
MCA career.
Wee, who speaks Malay, English and Mandarin, begin his political career in the Johor Bahru Malaysian Chinese Association, which he joined in 1992.. He was its Secretary General (Johor Bahru Division) from 1993 to 2005. After that, he is elected as Johor Bahru's MCA Majidi Branch chairman from 1996 to 2008, and became the MCA Johor Bahru Division Youth Chief from 2002 to 2008.
In 2005 during the National MCA Youth election, he was elected as the National MCA Youth Wing Secretary General, and was appointed as the National MCA Youth Education Bureau Chief (2005–2008). He was awarded The Outstanding Young Malaysian (TOYM) Award (Politics, Governmental Affairs & Legal)马来西亚十大杰出青年奖 by the Junior Chamber International Malaysia; this award was presented to him by Dato' Sri Ong Tee Keat, then Deputy Minister of Youth and Sports, in Kuala Lumpur on 25 November 2005.
On 13 October 2008, Wee was elected unopposed as the MCA Youth Chief for the 2008-2011 term, taking over the position from the Health Minister, Dato' Sri Liow Tiong Lai. On 11 November 2008, Wee Ka Siong was elected to lead the MCA Malacca State Liaison Committee. Prior to this, he was the secretary general for Malaysia Chinese Association Youth Wing.
Prior his appointment as the Deputy Education Minister, he was director of the Malaysian Qualifications Agency (MQA) from 2007 to 2009, Malaysia Youth Council Representative (2004–2005) and National Economic Consultative Council's member (1999–2000).
As deputy education minister.
Under the Prime Minister, Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak, he was given the mandate to continue leading the Education Ministry as a Deputy Education Minister along with Dr. Mohd Puad Zarkashi. His Education minister is the current Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia, Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin.
As minister, he reversed the decision to close the SJKC Damansara School, closed in 2001 because it "no longer provided a conducive learning environment because of traffic jams and noise pollution" due to a nearby trunk road. Its closure was opposed by some parents, who refused to transfer their children to its replacement. When it reopened in late 2009, it was renamed 'SJKC Chung Hwa'. He was given the mandate by the cabinet to handle and execute the Government’s stimulus package in November last year that RM200mil will be given out in equal measure to Chinese, Tamil, religious (sekolah agam) and Mubaligh (mission) schools (each medium schools will be given RM50 Million).
Electoral record.
In the 12th Malaysian General Elections held on 8 March 2008, Wee Ka Siong polled 20,230 votes while his constituency opponent, Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party candidate Haji Hussin Sujak, received 6321 votes; voter turnout was 78.8%.

</doc>
<doc id="18510732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510732" title="1985 South Australian Open">
1985 South Australian Open

The 1985 South Australian Open was an ATP tournament held in Adelaide, Australia. It was held on outdoor grass courts. The tournament was held from 16 to 22 December.

</doc>
<doc id="18510733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510733" title="Tennessee State Route 76">
Tennessee State Route 76

Tennessee State Route 76 is a state highway in Tennessee, traversing the state in a northeast-southwest axis from east of Memphis to north of Nashville.
Starting at the junction with Tennessee State Route 57 near Moscow in Fayette County just east of Memphis, the highway passes through Somerville before crossing the Hatchie River and reaches Brownsville. At Brownsville it becomes concurrent with U.S. Route 79 and U.S. Route 70 Alternate. At Atwood, U.S. 70A pulls away, and SR 76 continues to follow US 79.
At Clarksville, SR 76 and US 79 merge with U.S. Route 41A and continue towards downtown. SR 76 branches away as Riverside Drive along the Cumberland River and forms a bypass to the south of town. It junctions with SR 12 before intersecting 41A again. For four miles (6 km) past this junction, SR 76 widens to a four lane divided highway. It junctions with Interstate 24 (Exit 11) and funnels down to a two lane road all the way to Adams.
At Adams, the route is broken and is resumed approximately 1 mile east of Springfield intersecting with SR 49. SR 76 continues east to White House, Tennessee. After crossing beneath Interstate 65 in continues east until it intersects with U.S. Route 31-W. It then runs concurrent with U.S. Route 31-W north approximately two-tenths of a mile and branches again east. It continues east intersecting with SR 25 and finally ends at its intersection with SR 109 in Portland, TN.

</doc>
<doc id="18510748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510748" title="Verbeek">
Verbeek

Verbeek (or Verbeck) is a surname of Dutch origin. The name is a contraction of the toponym Van der Beek, meaning "from the stream/brook/creek". People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18510750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510750" title="Tailboys">
Tailboys

Tailboys or Talboys was the name of a prominent gentry family from Lincolnshire, England.
People of this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18510754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510754" title="Rindge Co. v. County of Los Angeles">
Rindge Co. v. County of Los Angeles

Rindge Co. v. County of Los Angeles, 262 U.S. 700 (1923), was a case in which the United States Supreme Court held that a county government could use its power of eminent domain to take land from a private landowner to build a scenic highway.
these roads, especially the main road, through its connection with the public road coming along the shore from Santa Monica, will afford a highway for persons desiring to travel along the shore to the county line, with a view of the ocean on the one side, and of the mountain range on the other, constituting, as stated by the trial judge, a scenic highway of great beauty. Public uses are not limited, in the modern view, to matters of mere business necessity and ordinary convenience, but may extend to matters of public health, recreation and enjoyment. Thus, the condemnation of lands for public parks is now universally recognized as a taking for public use. A road need not be for a purpose of business to create a public exigency; air, exercise and recreation are important to the general health and welfare; pleasure travel may be accommodated as well as business travel; and highways may be condemned to places of pleasing natural scenery.
Background.
According to the Adamson House tour guides:
In 1892, Henry Keller sold the Rancho Topanga Malibu Sequit or 'Rancho Malibu' to May and Frederick H. Rindge, for a price variously reported as $10-$22 per acre. Keller, it is said, had acquired it for 10 cents an acre in 1854. Rindge, from Cambridge, Massachusetts, had recently inherited an estate of more than $2 million and moved to Los Angeles, California, where he wrote a book called "Happy Days in Southern California." Then he looked for "a farm near the ocean, and under the lee of the mountain, with a trout brook, wild trees, a lake, good soil, and excellent climate." He found his farm in Malibu Canyon. He described the Malibu coast as the American Riviera.
May Rindge of Cambridge, Massachusetts formerly owned of ranch land that today is the city of Malibu, California. First, the Southern Pacific Railroad tried to take her land, so, according to the city of Malibu:
Upon hearing of the Southern Pacific's plans, Mr. Rindge decided to build a private railroad through his ranch to keep the bigger railroad company out of his domain. A little-known law prevented duplication of an existing railroad line. Before any tracks could be laid, however, Mr. Rindge died. It was left to his widow to carry out his plans, which she did with of standard gauge tracks called the Hueneme, Malibu and Port Los Angeles Railway. May Rindge became its president and one of the few women ever to become president of a railroad.
The rails were later reused to build Rindge Dam.
According to Malibu Complete,
The first wave of lawsuits for more access started in 1907 and were not settled fully until 1917 by which time both Federal and California state courts decided in Rindge's favor, that she could restrict access to roads crossing her private land, including the beach. However, that victory was upset in 1919 when Los Angeles County bowed to public pressure and used the courts to condemn the right-of-way and begin construction of a road. Mrs. Rindge continued the fight in court, and to resist survey and construction work, but merely delayed the road. Overcoming all of May Rindge's objections, the County Road through Malibu Ranch was finally opened for the public on November 3, 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="18510769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510769" title="Plains of Hong Kong">
Plains of Hong Kong

There are three plains in Hong Kong, in the northern New Territories. These plains are Yuen Long, Fanling, and Tai Po.
Yuen Long.
Yuen Long (, Pinyin: Yuanlang, formerly, Un Long) is an area and town in the northwest of Hong Kong, on the Yuen Long Plain. To its west lie Hung Shui Kiu and Ha Tsuen, to the south Shap Pat Heung and Tai Tong, to the east Au Tau and Kam Tin, and to the north Nam Sang Wai.
Fanling.
Fanling, also known as Fan Ling and Fan Leng, is an area in the North District. The name Fanling is a shortened form of Fan Pik Leng (粉壁嶺). Part of Fanling-Sheung Shui New Town, Fanling includes Luen Wo Hui (聯和墟), the marketplace of Fanling before urban development in the area, and Wo Hop Shek (和合石), where an uphill public cemetery is located.
Tai Po.
Tai Po (, Pinyin: Dapu) (sometimes written Taipo) refers to the area of the traditional market towns in the area now known as Tai Po Old Market or Tai Po Kau Hui (大埔舊墟) (originally Tai Po Market or Tai Po Town) and the Tai Wo Town (Tai Wo Market) on the other side of the Lam Tsuen River, near the old Tai Po Market Station of the Kowloon-Canton Railway British Section, within the Tai Po District. Both towns became part of the Tai Po New Town in the late 1970s and early 1980s. In present-day usage, Tai Po. may refer to the area around the original market towns (that is, Tai Po proper), the new town, or the entire Tai Po District.

</doc>
<doc id="18510772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510772" title="1984 South Australian Open">
1984 South Australian Open

The 1984 South Australian Open was an ATP tournament held in Adelaide, Australia. The tournament was held from 17 to 24 December.
Peter Doohan won his first title of the year, and the first of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18510786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510786" title="Downlands Cancara">
Downlands Cancara

Downlands Cancara (1 May 1975 - June 2006) was an English graded Trakehner stallion famous for representing Lloyds Bank as the Black Horse in a long-running series of television adverts.
Television work.
Downlands Cancara was selected to become the horse used in the bank’s TV adverts in 1988 and filming for the first took place in 1989. It was shot on the sands of Pentewan Bay in Cornwall and showed a black horse galloping through the surf along the wide deserted beach. The adverts featured Nigel Havers and Jan Francis. Cancara then went on to star in the Bank's "Legendary Service" campaign where he was seen rearing on top of a waterfall in a fantasy land of princesses, giants and goblins. In fact he was filmed, rearing, at his home near Petersfield, Hampshire, then superimposed onto a model of a sugar waterfall created and shot at Pinewood Studios, just for the commercials.
Personal appearances.
Cancara also represented Lloyds Bank, and subsequently Lloyds TSB, with numerous personal appearances. These included opening the Great Yorkshire Show and at the Royal Welsh Show and the New Forest Show. Some of the other highlights of Cancara’s career included press calls for the Annual Fashion Awards where he was regularly surrounded by supermodels, launching Lloyds Bank’s sponsorship of the BAFTA Awards with Richard Attenborough and David Puttnam, becoming Royal Doulton’s centenary limited issue figurine and thereafter having one presented to Steven Spielberg, Mel Gibson and "Mulder and Scully" at the BAFTA Awards as well as being present at the announcement concerning the merger of Lloyds and TSB Banks. He also had an official fan club in Horse and Pony Magazine.
Charity work.
Downlands Cancara assisted in raising many hundreds of thousands of pounds for charity, supporting such organisations as The Macmillan Nurse Appeal, Riding for the Disabled, his local Rowan’s Hospice, The International League for the Protection of Horses, Special Wishes for terminally ill young people and Children in Need, where he walked from Lloyds Bank in Cosham to Lloyds Bank Head Offices in the City of London, visiting Lloyds branches along the way.

</doc>
<doc id="18510798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510798" title="Far from Vietnam">
Far from Vietnam

Far from Vietnam () is a 1967 French documentary film directed by Joris Ivens, William Klein, Claude Lelouch, Agnès Varda, Jean-Luc Godard, Chris Marker and Alain Resnais. 

</doc>
<doc id="18510800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510800" title="Baddeley Park">
Baddeley Park

Baddeley Park is a sports stadium in Cessnock, New South Wales, Australia and is part of Baddeley Park Regional Sporting Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18510840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510840" title="Tara (Ramayana)">
Tara (Ramayana)

In the Hindu epic "Ramayana", Tara (, , literally "star";) is the Queen of Kishkindha and wife of the monkey (vanara) King Vali. After being widowed, she becomes the Queen of Sugriva, Vali's brother.
Tara is described as the daughter of the monkey physician Sushena in the "Ramayana", and in later sources, as an "apsara" (celestial nymph) who rises from the churning of the milky ocean. She marries Vali and bears him a son named Angada. After Vali is presumed dead in a battle with a demon, his brother Sugriva becomes king and appropriates Tara; however, Vali returns and regains Tara and exiles his brother, accusing him of treachery.
When Sugriva challenges Vali to a duel, Tara wisely advises Vali not to accept because of the former's alliance with Rama—the hero of the "Ramayana" and an avatar of the god Vishnu—but Vali does not heed her, and dies from Rama's arrow, shot at the behest of Sugriva. The "Ramayana" and its later adaptations emphasize Tara's lamentation. While in most vernacular versions, Tara casts a curse on Rama by the power of her chastity, in some versions, Rama enlightens Tara.
Sugriva returns to the throne, but spends his time carousing and fails to act on his promise to assist Rama in recovering his kidnapped wife, Sita. Tara—now Sugriva's queen and chief diplomat—is then instrumental in reconciling Rama with Sugriva after pacifying Lakshmana, Rama's brother, who was about to destroy Kishkinda in retribution for Sugriva's perceived treachery. After this incident, Tara is only mentioned in passing references, as the mother of Angada and Queen of Sugriva, as the story moves from Kishkindha to the climatic battle in Lanka to retrieve Sita.
Tara's intelligence, presence of mind, courage, and devotion to her husband Vali is praised. She is extolled as one of the "panchakanya" ("five (revered) women"), the recital of whose names is believed to dispel sin.
Birth and early life.
In the "Ramayana", Tara is addressed by Vali as the daughter of the vanara physician Sushena. Sometimes, verses are added in the "Bala Kanda", the first book of the "Ramayana", which describe principal monkeys created by various deities: Vali and Sugriva are described as sons of the king of the gods, Indra and the sun-god Surya respectively; while Tara is described as the daughter of Brihaspati, the guru of the gods. The 12th century Tamil "Ramavataram" and the Telugu "Ranganatha Ramayanam" state that Tara and Ruma rose, along with other "apsara"s, from the ocean of milk during its churning by the gods and the demons, to acquire the elixir of life ("amrita"). In the Theyyam drama tradition of Kerala, the gods tire and request Vali to help in the churning. When Vali just starts churning, Tara rises from the ocean and thus is gifted to Vali.
According to the Javanese wayang puppet tradition, Tara (Dewi Tara) is the "apsara" daughter of Indra and his wife Wiyati. Her siblings include a sister called Dewi Tari, the consort of the demon-king of Lanka, Ravana (Rahwana) and brothers Citarata, Citragana, Jayantaka, Jayantara, and Harjunawangsa.
While the "Ramayana" states that Tara first weds Vali, some Ramayana adaptations sometimes present a polyandrous relationship between Tara, Vali and Sugriva. The "Ranganatha Ramayana" states that Tara is given to Vali and Sugriva as a reward for helping the gods. A Tamil folk tale tells that after the "amrita" emerged, Tara rises and is given as a common wife to both Vali and Sugriva. In the "Mahabharata", there is a reference to Vali and Sugriva fighting over an unnamed woman, who the mythologist Bhattacharya believes to be Tara.
Some "Ramayana" retellings including some "Mahabharata" versions, the "Narasimha Purana" and the "Mahanataka" portray Tara as originally Sugriva's wife that Vali snatched. The Thai "Ramakien" says that the gods give Vali and Sugriva a trident and Tara respectively, but Vali grabs Tara too and marries her. The Balinese dance Kebyar and the wayang tradition also tells that Tara was married to Sugriva (Sugriwa) initially, but appropriated by Vali (Subali).
In all versions, Angada is born from Tara's marriage to Vali.
In the "Ramayana", Vali goes to fight the demon Mayavi in a cave and instructs Sugriva to close the door of the cave if blood flows out from the cave, implying that he has been killed, but if milk flows out, it indicates that Mayavi is dead. After a year of combat, the dying demon turns the colour of his milky blood to red by sorcery. Sugriva believes that Vali is dead and closes the only opening to the cave. Sugriva also appropriates—sometimes interpreted as marriage—Vali's "widow" Tara. After Vali returns, rejecting Sugriva's explanation, he exiles Sugriva and not only re-acquires Tara, but also seizes Ruma, Sugriva's wife, in retaliation. While Vali's act of usurping Ruma when her husband is alive is universally criticized by "Ramayana" commentators, they excuse Sugriva's taking of Tara, as his wife, as he believed she was widowed.
In the wayang variant, Vali (Subali) goes to battle the demon brother-rulers of Kishkinda, Jatasura and Lembusura, in the cave. Similar to the "Ramayana", Sugriva (Sugriwa) presumes Vali dead. The gods crown Sugriva the king of Kishkinda and grant him Tara as a reward for aiding his "dead" brother. Vali returns and instigated by Ravana, seizes Tara and the kingdom.
Death of Vali.
After his wife Sita is kidnapped by the demon-king Ravana, Rama and his brother Lakshmana wander the forest searching for her. Upon meeting the monkey-warrior Hanuman, they are taken to the exiled Sugriva. Rama forms an alliance with Sugriva, whom he will help; in order to defeat Vali and regain his wife Ruma and his kingship. In return Sugriva will aid in the search for Sita. As agreed, Sugriva challenges Vali in the wrestling contest, but Rama is unable to distinguish between the two fighters and Sugriva loses the contest. Rama explains his predicament to Sugriva and tells him to re-challenge Vali, but this time, Rama garlands Sugriva to differentiate him from Vali.
Tara's warning.
In the "Kishkindha Kanda" of the "Ramayana", when Sugriva re-challenges Vali for combat, Tara suggests that "appearances are deceptive" and normally, a combatant would not return so soon to a fight again after a decisive defeat. Having heard of the growing friendship between Sugriva and Rama, she cautions Vali. She urges him to forgive Sugriva, to anoint him as the crown prince, as a diplomatic move, and live peacefully with him, and also befriend the exalted Rama. Tara begs Vali to act on her advice, but acknowledging Tara's love and devotion, Vali argues that a warrior like him cannot refuse a challenge; despite this, he promises to not kill Sugriva, but just crush his pride.
In the "Mahabharata" retelling, when Sugriva re-challenges Vali, Tara dissuades Vali from going to the fight and points out that Sugriva may have found a protector. Tara, described as lustrous like the moon, is praised by Vali as one who understands the language of all creatures and is astute to clarify her statement. Tara warns him about Sugriva's alliance with Rama and the plotting of Vali's death at the hands of Sugriva and his advisers. Vali not only disregards Tara's advice, but also suspects Tara of cheating on him with Sugriva. Vali leaves, speaking harshly to Tara.
In Kamban's "Ramavataram", Tara warns about Rama's plans to kill Vali. However, Vali dismisses her warning as unfounded, arguing that Rama, a man of "dharma", would not shoot him when he and Sugriva are in a duel. Vali leaves, promising Tara that he will slay Sugriva.
Tara's lamentation.
In the "Bala Kanda" Book of the "Ramayana", where the whole work is summarized, the lamentation of Tara is mentioned as a significant event.
Ignoring Tara's sound advice, Vali engages in combat with Sugriva. While fighting, Rama shoots an arrow at Vali from behind, fatally wounding him. The news of Vali's death reaches Tara; she rushes to him with Angada. She sees monkeys running in terror on the way. They advise her to go back to the palace and consecrate Angada as the king. Tara refuses and says that she needs to see her husband first, leading them back to Vali. Embracing the dying Vali, Tara laments his death while reproaching Sugriva and Rama. Tara accepts Vali's death as punishment for seizing Ruma and exiling Sugriva.
In North Indian manuscripts of the "Ramayana", some interpolations elaborate Tara's lament. Tara mentions the hardships of widowhood and prefers death to it. She blames Rama for unjustly killing Vali and tells him that if they had forged an alliance, Vali could have helped him recover Sita. Tara invokes the power of her chastity and curses Rama so that he will soon lose Sita after he regains her. She declares that Sita will return to the earth. The curse also appears in the North-western Indian manuscripts. In several vernacular adaptations of the "Ramayana" like the Oriya "Vilanka Ramayana" by Sarala Dasa, Tara's curse is reiterated. Apart from the usual curse to Rama of his separation from Sita, in the Bengali "Krittivasi Ramayana", Tara additionally curses Rama that in his next birth, he will be killed by Vali. The "Mahanataka" and the "Ananda Ramayana" narrate that Vali is reborn as the hunter who kills Krishna, Rama's next birth.
Hanuman consoles Tara, telling her to look towards the future of her son, Angada. Hanuman suggests that Angada be consecrated as king, compensating her loss but Tara declares that since his uncle Sugriva is alive, it is inadvisable. With his last breath, Vali confesses his folly of abandoning Sugriva and urges Angada and Tara to support Sugriva. He declares that: 
"Tara is ... thoroughly knowledgeable about deciding subtle matters and about various portents. Whatever she says is right should be done without doubt, for nothing Tara believes turns out to be otherwise."
Vali requests Rama to take care that Tara is not insulted and advises Sugriva to unquestioningly follow her advice.
Vali dies in the embraces of Tara, who mourns his death in a painful and rebuking speech. According to Lefeber, Tara's lament has been significantly expanded, if not added completely, over the centuries. In South Indian manuscripts, some later interpolations elaborate Tara's lament, in which Tara asks Rama to kill her and lead her to Vali. Rama consoles Tara, saying that she should accept the preordained destiny. Rama guarantees her that her rights and those of Angada will be protected and that she will enjoy "continued comfort". He tells her that a wife of a hero should not hold personal sorrow.
In the "Adhyatma Ramayana", while Tara wails over the death of Vali, Rama preaches to her, saying that the body is ephemeral, while only the soul is eternal; he tells her she should not grieve over the decay of Vali's body. Tara questions him asking "if the body is destructible, why does one feel pleasure and pain". Rama informs her that due to "ahamkara" (egoism) the mind is chained in bondage to desires. He declares that Tara will remain untouched by "karma" and be emancipated from the bondage of life. Having heard his sermon, and because she had been devoted to him in a previous birth, Tara thus becomes free of egoism and undergoes self-realization. This discourse of Rama also appears in Tulsidas's "Ramacharitamanasa", but it is curtailed to just two verses and is possibly borrowed from the former text. Rama says that the body is perishable, but the soul is immortal and listening to this, the enlightened Tara bows to Rama and gains the boon of supreme devotion.
A "Ramayana" version portrays her as trying to stabilize the kingdom after Vali's death in her arms. She declares that "With his last breath, King Vali begs you, his faithful subjects, to follow his brother as your rightful king." Angada cremates Vali, aided in the funeral rites by Tara and Sugriva.
Marriage to Sugriva.
After Vali's death, Sugriva acquires Vali's kingdom as well as Tara. The "Ramayana" does not record any formal marriage or any ritual purification—like the trial by fire Sita had to undergo when she is reacquired by Rama from Ravana—that Tara must undertake to marry Sugriva or return to Vali following his return from "the dead". The lack of the description of formal marriage suggests, according to some critics, that Tara's relationship to Sugriva is neither widow re-marriage nor polyandry, but simply appropriation by Sugriva. In the references of the coronation of Sugriva as king, Angada is also described as the heir-apparent crown prince, while Tara is mentioned as Sugriva's wife. The "Adhyatma Ramayana" declares that Sugriva acquires Tara.
While Vali's acquisition of Ruma—the elder brother taking his younger sister-in-law as wife—is universally condemned; however as in Tara's case, the elder brother's widow marrying her younger brother-in-law seems to be a social norm. Ramashraya Sharma considers that Rama's silence on the marriage of Tara and Sugriva does not signal non-acceptance of the act, but rather that he is not concerned with the issue of the sexual relations of the "loose" charactered "vanaras", in which Tara and Ruma exchange hands between the brothers. The "Ramayana" mentions that Sugriva indulges in sexual pleasures of women, including Ruma and Tara, who "he coveted". In the "Ramayana" however, Angada criticizes Sugriva for his lustful marriage to his elder sister-in-law Tara, who is like a mother to him. Though a political marriage, Tara serves Sugriva loyally.
The commentaries of the "Ramayana" suggest that it would be right for Sugriva to marry the widowed Tara. The "Amritakataka" of Kataka Madhava Yogindra says that this was right as they were animals. The "Tilaka" by Nahesh Bhatt (Ramavarma) justifies Sugriva's marriage to Tara since Sugriva was her dead husband's brother. It further states that Tara should remarry, as she did not belong to the first three castes and was young. Tara's action of taking Sugriva as her husband after Vali's death is seen as her attempt to secure the futures of Angada and the kingdom.
In some rare instances like in "Ramavataram", Tara does not remarry. Sugriva treats her as a mother figure and salutes her.
Tara pacifies Lakshamana.
The rainy season ensues and ends, and Rama in despair fears that Sugriva has forgotten his promise to help him trace and recover Sita. Rama sends Lakshmana to Kishkindha to remind the complacent monarch of his promise to help. Irritated that the city is barricaded, Lakshmana kicks down the city gate and threatens to destroy Sugriva and the monkey kingdom with his divine power. Lakshmana is unable to tolerate Sugriva breaking his vow to Rama, enjoying material and sensual pleasures, while Rama suffers alone.
When the agitated Lakshamana—reaching the inner chambers of Sugriva and his harem—reproaches Sugriva for being ungrateful to Rama and forgetting his promise, the critical edition of the "Ramayana" states that Tara voluntarily intervenes to calm the wrath of Lakshamana. In some "Ramayana" adaptations and North-western Indian manuscripts of "Ramayana", it is Tara, not Ruma in whom Sugriva is engrossed when Lakshamna arrives. The South Indian manuscripts portray the drunk Sugriva, who is engrossed in lustful revel, as being ignorant of Lakshmana's anger and sending Tara to pacify him, in some versions, even though she is drunk. Though intoxicated with "half-closed eyes and unsteady gait", Tara manages to disarm Lakshamana. The intoxication of Tara is also described in the original "Ramayana", but in a different context. Tara is described as having made it a habit to visit Sugriva always in a tipsy state, before indulging in the "new pleasures of love".
The "Ramayana" narrates: Tara says that Sugriva is mindful that through Rama, Sugriva has gained the kingship, Ruma, and herself. She defends Sugriva saying that even the great sage Vishwamitra was tempted by pleasure, Sugriva—a mere forest dwelling monkey—is fatigued by his past hardships and is relaxing, but not partaking in carnal pleasures. Tara informs Sugriva that Vali told her that Ravana is a mighty king with several "rakshasas" in his service. She reminds Lakshamana that without an ally like Sugriva, Rama cannot defeat such a powerful foe. Tara informs him that Sugriva has summoned all monkey commanders and troops to the capital. The "Adhyatma Ramayana" also presents a similar description, where Tara, Angada, and Hanuman are sent by Sugriva to calm Lakshmana. In a condensed one-verse description, the "Ramacharitamanasa" says that Tara and Hanuman were dispatched by Sugriva and were successful in appeasing Lakshmana by singing Rama's praises. In the "Ramavataram", though not Sugriva's consort, Tara pacifies Lakshamana. The usual epithet of Tara, lustrous as the moon, in the "Ramavataram" signifies her white clothes, the sign of a widow. Lakshamana is reminded of his own widowed mother seeing Tara.
Pacified by Tara and praised further by Sugriva, Lakshmana begs for Sugriva's pardon for abusing him. It is only through the diplomatic intervention of Tara that the crisis is averted.
Commentary.
Ahalya Draupadi Kunti Tara Mandodari tatha
panchakanya smare nityam mahapataka nashanam
Remembering ever the virgins five -Ahalya, Draupadi, Kunti, Tara and Mandodari
Destroys the greatest of sins.
Orthodox Hindus remember the "Panchakanya": the five virgins or maidens, in this daily morning prayer; though none of them is considered an ideal woman, who could be emulated. Tara, with Ahalya and Mandodari, belong to the "Ramayana", while the rest are from the "Mahabharata".
V. R. Devika, author of "Tara: Unsung heroine" describes her as a woman "treated like an equal and her opinion mattered as if she were one of the lieutenants." The "Ramayana" presents Tara as a woman, intensely loved and respected by Vali, her husband. Her regard is so great that her counsel to Vali sometimes have a commanding tone. Pradip Bhattacharya, author of the book "Panchkanya: Women of Substance" describes Tara as "a woman of unusual intelligence, foresight and confidence." Tara's devotion to her husband is also praised.

</doc>
<doc id="18510852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510852" title="Willem Sandberg">
Willem Sandberg

Jonkheer Willem Jacob Henri Berend Sandberg (1897–1984) known as Willem Sandberg was a Dutch typographer and museum curator.
He was born in Amersfoort, the Netherlands in 1897 and studied art in Amsterdam. He became a follower of the Mazdaznan movement. As a young man he travelled, serving as an apprentice to a printer in Herrliberg, Switzerland. In 1927 he visited Vienna, where he studied Otto Neurath's Isotype system. He continued visiting the Dessau Bauhaus and meeting Naum Gabo.
Returning to Amsterdam he started work as a graphic designer utilising his printing skills and Neurath's Isotype system. In 1928 he started a long relationship with the Stedelijk Museum and in 1932 became a member of VANK, the Dutch Society for Arts and Crafts. He soon joined the committee which determined the exhibitions of the museum. From 1937 to 1941 he was the museum's curator of modern art. Following the Second World War, he became the director of the Stedelijk Museum until his retirement in 1962.
During his tenure he expanded the museum and developed new exhibition techniques, for which he gained international renown. He applied his graphic design and typography skills to over 300 catalogues.
In his retirement he served on the committees for the Beaubourg in Paris and the Israel Museum in Jerusalem.
Willem Sandberg has also given his name to the master degree's design and art school Sandberg Instituut in Amsterdam, started 1997 (part of Rietveld Academie)

</doc>
<doc id="18510854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510854" title="Faisal Qureshi (disambiguation)">
Faisal Qureshi (disambiguation)

Faisal Qureshi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18510855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510855" title="Farewell Moscow">
Farewell Moscow

Farewell Moscow () is a 1987 Italian drama film directed by Mauro Bolognini. For this film Liv Ullmann was awarded with a David di Donatello for Best Actress. It is based on the life of Russian Jew Ida Nudel. 

</doc>
<doc id="18510885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510885" title="Ebrington">
Ebrington

Ebrington is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire, England, about from Chipping Campden. It has narrow lanes and tiny streets of Cotswold stone houses and cottages, many of which are thatched.
A manor has existed at Ebrington for several centuries, it was owned by the Fortescue family who also had estates in Exmoor. The ancient church of St. Eadburgha shows many monuments to the family including one to Sir John Fortescue in his robes as Lord Chief Justice. Sir John died in 1476. The church is mainly Perpendicular with some Norman work remaining in the north and south doorwars, of its other treasures the church shows a 17th-century canopied pulpit and medieval stained glass windows.
Just a short distance from Ebrington is the National Trust property of Hidcote Manor whose Cotswold gardens are said to be the most beautiful gardens of the 20th-century.
There is an award-winning pub called The Ebrington Arms at the centre of the village. It is the hub of village life and traditional in style with flagstones and roaring open fires, dating from 1640. The pub has been voted the Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA) North Cotswolds Pub of the Year in 2009, 2010 and 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18510899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510899" title="Kiharu Constituency">
Kiharu Constituency

Kiharu Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies of Muranga District. The Muranga town is located within this constituency. Between 1966-1983 the constituency was known as Mbiri Constituency.
Kenneth Matiba, a prominent Kenyan politician, represented this constituency previously.

</doc>
<doc id="18510903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510903" title="Mátyás Kuti">
Mátyás Kuti

Mátyás Kuti is a Hungarian Rubik's Cube and Rubik's Magic solver. During 2007 and 2008 he held world records in many events.

</doc>
<doc id="18510940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510940" title="Staunton–Morphy controversy">
Staunton–Morphy controversy

The Staunton–Morphy controversy concerns the failure of negotiations in 1858 for a chess match between Howard Staunton and Paul Morphy and later interpretations of the actions of the two players. The details of the events are not universally agreed, and accounts and interpretations often show strong national bias.
Continuing uncertainties and controversy.
In the words of chess journalist Mark Weeks, "Staunton represents a unique challenge to chess history. Many players immediately associate his name with Paul Morphy, as in 'Staunton ducked a match with Morphy'. ... This is extremely unfair, as it concentrates the focus on Staunton to a relatively minor, factually controversial incident, while it ignores his significant achievements." As Edward Winter writes, "The issue of national bias does, unfortunately, require consideration in the Staunton-Morphy affair." When editing "World Chess Champions" (Oxford, 1981), Winter chose an Englishman to write about Staunton and an American to write about Morphy.
Backgrounds of the players.
Staunton.
Howard Staunton (April 1810 – June 22, 1874) was an English chess master who won a match in Paris in 1843 against the Frenchman Pierre Charles Fournier de Saint-Amant, and was regarded as the world's strongest player from 1843 to 1851 by many contemporary commentators, by later 19th-century commentators and by former world champion Garry Kasparov. According to match records collected by Jeremy P. Spinrad, the only players who were successful against Staunton without receiving odds from 1840 to 1851 were: Saint-Amant, who won the first and lost the second and longer of their matches in 1843; Anderssen, who eliminated Staunton from the 1851 London International tournament and won the event; and Williams, who beat Staunton in the play-off for third place in the same tournament. The statistical website Chessmetrics ranks Staunton as world number one from May 1843 to August 1849, in the top ten from July 1851 to May 1853, and in the top five from June 1853 to January 1856.
Staunton proposed and was the principal organizer of the 1851 London International Tournament, which was the first ever international tournament. His disappointing fourth place in the tournament may indicate that he had over-loaded himself by being both Secretary of the organizing committee and a competitor. The 1851 tournament and his subsequent match against Williams effectively ended Staunton's competitive career. Although Anderssen, who won the tournament, accepted Staunton's challenge for a match after the tournament, circumstances prevented them from playing it. In 1853 while in Brussels Staunton played an impromptu match against von der Lasa but had to abandon it because of heart trouble, and von der Lasa later wrote that in his opinion Staunton had no chance of being physically fit enough for serious competition after 1853.
Staunton was also an influential chess journalist and writer of chess books, and in 1847 embarked on an additional career as a Shakespearean scholar, gaining the respect of his contemporaries and of modern writers in that field also. After the end of his competitive chess career he remained an active writer about both chess and Shakespeare until his death, and was at work when he died.
Morphy.
Paul Morphy (June 22, 1837 - July 10, 1884) was an American chess prodigy who learned the game as a young child simply from watching others play. In 1850, when Morphy was twelve, the strong professional Hungarian chess master Johann Löwenthal visited New Orleans and Morphy, then 12 years old, beat him 3-0. Morphy played little chess in his teens, concentrating instead on his studies, but was invited to play in the 1857 American Chess Congress. This was a knock-out tournament in which each round was a mini-match. Morphy, then 17 years old, lost only three games, two of them in the final which he won 6-2 against Louis Paulsen, a German-American whom Chessmetrics rates as one of the world's top 10 from the late 1850s to the early 1890s.
The New Orleans Chess Club then issued a challenge on Morphy's behalf for a match against Howard Staunton, who was still famous for his dominance in the late 1840s and for his influential chess writings. Morphy and his friends took Staunton's response to be an acceptance of the challenge, and Morphy set off for England in mid-1858. Details of the challenge and its consequences are described in the next section.
While the negotiations with Staunton dragged on, Morphy spend most of his time in London and Paris, where he achieved crushing victories against other top players of the time: 10-4 against Löwenthal; 5½-2½ against Daniel Harrwitz; 8-3 against Adolf Anderssen, who had won the 1851 London International Tournament and later won the 1862 London Tournament; and 7½-½ in 1859 against Augustus Mongredien.
Morphy proved so much stronger than his contemporaries that Chessmetrics rates him the world's top player from 1858 until early 1862, 3 years after Morphy announced his retirement from chess. It is difficult to compare Morphy objectively with more recent top-class players because he was so far ahead of his opponents.
After returning to New Orleans in 1859 Morphy declared himself retired from the game and, with a few exceptions, gave up public competition for good. Unfortunately, Morphy's embryonic law career was disrupted in 1861 by the outbreak of the American Civil War. Possibly because of his opposition to the secession of the Confederacy, Morphy was unable to successfully build a law practice even after the war ended. He became eccentric, reclusive and perhaps mildy insane, and died at the age of 47 from a stroke brought on by entering a cold bath after a long walk in the midday heat.
The events of 1858.
Initial challenge and response.
In the mid-1850s Staunton obtained a contract with the publishers Routledge to edit the text of Shakespeare. This edition appeared in parts from 1857 to 1860, and Staunton's work was praised by experts. While Staunton was busy with the Shakespeare edition, he received a courteous letter from the New Orleans Chess Club, inviting him to that city to play Paul Morphy, who had won the 1857 First American Chess Congress; This challenge, which was sent in February 1858, proposed that the stake should be $5,000 and that, if Staunton lost, he would be paid $1,000 to cover expenses. The proposed stake would be worth about $877,145.92 in 2007's money. The interesting part was that the Chess Club had not negotiated with Morphy before sending the letter.
Staunton replied on April 4, 1858:
On the same day Staunton wrote in his column in the "Illustrated London News":
There has been debate ever since about whether Staunton's letter and article should be regarded as a polite refusal or a conditional acceptance of the challenge. Morphy, however, took Staunton's writing as a challenge. Although Staunton had not said anything about playing against Morphy, Morphy assumed that the match could easily be arranged once he just got to England.
Samuel Boden, who was then the chess editor of "The Field", a prestigious English countryside and sporting magazine, disputed the Americans' selection of Staunton as representing the best that Europe had to offer:
Staunton did offer to play Morphy by electric telegraph, a technology whose progress and uses for chess he reported enthusiastically. However this offer arrived after Morphy had left for Europe — which perhaps was fortunate, as the newly laid cable broke down after a month and was not replaced until 1866.
Morphy sets off for Europe.
When Morphy left New Orleans for Europe on May 31, 1858 he was still legally a minor, and would come of age on June 22, 1858. Hence he required his family's permission for the journey. However his immediate family opposed the trip on the grounds that it would delay his entry into the legal profession, and it took some time for one uncle and a family friend to persuade them to let him go. The New Orleans Chess Club also played a notable part in trying to persuade Morphy's family into letting him travel; it also offered to pay Morphy's travel expenses, but he declined this offer since he did not want to be seen as a professional chess player.
Morphy's explanation for the voyage was that he intended to play in the chess tournament that had been scheduled for 22 June 1858 in Birmingham. Staunton welcomed the news that "Mr. Paul Morphy has definitely settled to visit England and attend the meeting of the British Association at Birmingham...", which was the published aim of Morphy's visit.
After Morphy's arrival in England.
Morphy arrived in Liverpool on June 20, 1858 and immediately caught the train to Birmingham. However on arrival he found that the tournament had been postponed by two months, to August 24. Morphy traveled to London the following day but had fallen ill, and was not fit to visit the London chess clubs until June 23. The "Illustrated London News", of which Staunton was the chess editor, printed an article "Arrival of Mr. Morphy" on June 26. At the St. George's club he met Staunton and re-issued the challenge, which Staunton accepted provided he was give a month to prepare. Although he declined to play a few casual games against Morphy, Staunton invited him to his home in Streatham, which in those days was a country village whose first railway station had opened only two years earlier. There they played a couple of consultation games, with Staunton partnered by the Rev. Owen and Morphy by Thomas Wilson Barnes. A little later Staunton proposed that they delay their match until after the Birmingham tournament in August, and Morphy reluctantly agreed. Staunton announced in the "Illustrated London News":
Around this time Morphy wrote asking friends in the USA to send him the money for the stake. However in late July 1858 his family informed his friend Charles Maurian that "they had resolved not only not to help raising the amount wanted but that moreover they should not allow him to play a money match either with his own money or anyone else's ... that he will be brought home by force if necessary; that they were determine to prevent a money match by all means." Maurian persuaded New Orleans Chess Club to send £500, but apparently it was not in Morphy's hands until early October. 
Meanwhile Morphy played and beat Johann Löwenthal. According to Morphy's personal assistant Frederick Edge, personal and political conflicts appeared around this time. Edge wrote that Owen, who was Morphy's second in this match, encouraged Löwenthal and disparaged Morphy, and that in disgust Morphy challenged Owen to a match, offering him odds of Pawn and move. Edge further claimed that Morphy insisted on giving odds because, if he played Owen at evens, Staunton would treat this as an excuse for delaying or abandoning the match with Morphy. The match with Löwenthal was interrupted as Löwenthal fell ill, and Morphy used the break to crush Owen 5-0 with two draws, despite the fact that Owen was a very strong player who later took third place in the 1862 London tournament and was the only player to win a game against the victor, Adolf Anderssen. In early August Staunton allowed a committee to be formed at the St. Georges' Chess Club to raise money for his share of the stake.
After finishing the match with Löwenthal, on 14 August 1858 Morphy wrote to Staunton:
Staunton replied that he needed more time to prepare, and Morphy wrote to him again:
Chess historian G. H. Diggle wrote that, since 21 August 1858 was a Saturday and there was no mail delivery on Sundays, Morphy's letter would have arrived no earlier than the following Monday, when Staunton had to leave for Birmingham. Meanwhile on Sunday 22 August Staunton's old enemy George Walker published an article in "Bell's Life in London" that accused Staunton of trying to postpone the match indefinitely:
On Saturday 28 August the "Illustrated London News" carried a letter signed by "Anti-book", which said:
It is generally thought that "Anti-book" was Staunton himself. Diggle argued that Staunton must have dashed this off before catching the Birmingham train, as he was busy playing in the tournament on the 24th and 25th, while the 26th would have been too late for publication on the 28th; and that Staunton would have read Walker's attack on him before seeing Morphy's letter of 21 August. 
Meanwhile Morphy traveled to Birmingham, arriving on 26 August, too late to play in the tournament, but in time for a blindfold exhibition which he had previously offered to give at Queen's College on 27 August. When he met Staunton there, Staunton asked for more time, saying that his commitments to his publishers were taking up a lot of his time. Morphy asked, "Mr. Staunton, will you play in October, in November, or December? Choose your own time but let the decision be final." Staunton replied, "Well, Mr. Morphy, if you will consent to the postponement, I will play you the beginning of November. I will see my publishers and let you know the exact date in a few days."
Morphy used the postponement by travelling to Paris, where he beat Daniel Harrwitz (5½-2½). On 6 October 1885 Morphy wrote Staunton an open letter which was also circulated to several publications, in which Morphy stated his view of the situation:
On October 7 Morphy wrote to the St. George's Chess Club:
On October 9 Staunton replied to Morphy's letter open letter of October 6, re-stating the difficulties he faced, but now using them as reasons to cancel the match:
On October 23, Staunton published his entire reply of October 9 along with a partial copy of Morphy's open letter of October 6, omitting the reference to the "Anti-book" letter about Morphy's lack of funds and seconds. Various chess columns then printed anonymous and acrimonious letters. Morphy took no part in any of this, but wrote to Lord Lyttelton, the president of the British Chess Association, explaining his own efforts to bring about the match, Staunton's efforts to avoid the match with everything short of admitting he didn't wish to play, and of Staunton's representation of the facts in the "Illustrated London News", demanding "that you shall declare to the world it is through no fault of mine that this match has not taken place." Lyttelton replied:
Aftermath.
After returning to New Orleans in 1859 Morphy declared himself retired from the game and, with a few exceptions, gave up public competition for good. Unfortunately, Morphy's embryonic law career was disrupted in 1861 by the outbreak of the American Civil War. Possibly because of his opposition to the secession of the Confederacy, Morphy was unable to successfully build a law practice even after the war ended. He became eccentric, reclusive and perhaps mildy insane, and died at the age of 47 from a stroke brought on by entering a cold bath after a long walk in the midday heat.
Staunton continued his twin careers as a chess writer and Shakespearean scholar. "The City of London Chess Magazine" wrote, "... it is no exaggeration to say that his literary labours are the basis upon which English Chess Society, as at present constituted, stands", and eminent contemporaries including Morphy and Steinitz considered Staunton's writings on chess openings to be among the best of their time. His work as a Shakespearean scholar gained the respect of his contemporaries and of modern writers in that field also. After the end of his competitive chess career he remained an active writer about both chess and Shakespeare until his death, and was at work when he died.
Both players expressed respect for each other's abilities. Morphy said that Staunton had great analytical ability and judgement of positions but his play showed a lack of imagination, and that Staunton may have been the strongest player of his time. In 1860 Staunton published "Chess Praxis", which was a supplement to his 1847 work "The Chess Player's Handbook". In the new book he devoted 168 pages to presenting many of Morphy's games and praised the play of the American.
20th century and recent comments.
Staunton has been a controversial figure ever since his own time. Reaching an objective assessment is made more difficult by the fact that some well-known chess writers, including Fred Reinfeld, Israel "Al" Horowitz and Reuben Fine, have been criticized by chess historians for their lack of accuracy, both in general and specifically where Staunton is concerned. Edward Winter writes, "It is unwise for the ‘non-playing’ historian to publish his own analysis, although he may be a useful compiler. Similarly, players who are unversed in, and indifferent to, chess history should not touch it."
Reinfeld, Horowitz and Fine also condemned Staunton's play, but Bobby Fischer praised it highly.
Chess historians Edward Winter and G. H. Diggle trace much of the 20th-century animosity against Staunton to books by Philip W. Sergeant (1872–1952) about Paul Morphy. Sergeant in turn made use of a book by Frederick Edge, who accompanied Morphy to Europe in 1858 as his secretary and personal assistant, but returned to the USA in January 1859, a few months before Morphy. Edge's attitude to Morphy was unusual and complex:
Opinions of Edge's value as a historical source vary widely:
The issue round which this often venomous debate rages is Morphy's attempts in 1858 to arrange a match against Staunton. Most American commentators are vehemently anti-Staunton, while most British ones are pro-Staunton and very critical of Edge, but not anti-Morphy. 
In 1858 the New Orleans Chess Club invited Staunton to that city to play Paul Morphy. In reply, Staunton thanked the New Orleans Chess Club and Morphy "for the honor implied in your selection of me as the opponent of such a champion" and pointed out that he had not competed for several years and was working six days a week (on editing Shakespeare), and hence that he could not possibly travel across the Atlantic for a match. He also wrote in the "Illustrated London News", "If Mr. Morphy — for whose skill we entertain the liveliest admiration — be desirous to win his spurs among the chess chivalry of Europe, he must take advantage of his purposed visit next year he will then meet in this country, in France, in Germany and in Russia, many champions ... ready to test and do honor to his prowess." H.J.R. Murray interpreted Staunton's response as a courteous refusal, but Morphy interpreted his words differently, and one of the main reasons for his visit to Europe in 1858 was the hope of playing a match against Staunton. Staunton did offer to play Morphy by telegraph, as a transatlantic cable had recently been laid. However this offer arrived after Morphy had left for Europe — which perhaps was fortunate, as the cable broke down after a month and was not replaced until 1866.
When Morphy arrived in Europe, he promptly re-issued the challenge to Staunton, who accepted provided provided he was given a month to prepare for the match. In an open letter written in Paris in October 1858 and sent to several newspapers and magazines, Morphy pointed out that: at the end of that period, Staunton requested a postponement until after the 1858 tournament in Birmingham in order to get some competitive practise; the two players met in Birmingham and Staunton said he was working under a demanding timetable for publication of his work on Shakespeare, but that he intended to play Morphy in November 1858 and would soon fix a date. Morphy complained that Staunton had allowed to be published in the chess section of the "Illustrated London News" a statement that Morphy lacked funds to provide his share of the stake for a match; Morphy found this surprising since Staunton and the St. George's Chess Club, of which Staunton was a leading member, had given him a very courteous reception.
Morphy's October 1858 letter was a move in the blame game that had developed, with some outside help. The letter Morphy wrote to Staunton "before" the Birmingham tournament was dated Saturday 21 August 1858 and since there was no mail delivery on Sunday, it would have arrived no earlier than the following Monday, when Staunton had to leave for Birmingham. Meanwhile on Sunday 22 August Staunton's old enemy George Walker published an article in "Bell's Life in London" that accused Staunton of trying to postpone the match indefinitely. After reading this and Morphy's letter of 21 August, Staunton wrote the paragraph (published in "The Illustrated London News", 28 August) falsely implying that Morphy lacked seconds and stakes, and probably posted it while on his way to catch the Birmingham train.
H.J.R. Murray commented on the whole affair, "In all this there is but little in which we can reproach Staunton, beyond the fact that he kept open the possibility of a match for so long, and even here there is a good deal that could be urged in justification of the course followed by Staunton" but also noted that both sides were playing tactical games with each other in front of the public, and that comments made by both players or their respective supporters were acrimonious.

</doc>
<doc id="18510954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510954" title="List of Sindhi singers">
List of Sindhi singers

Sindhi () is very vast language and has great culture. Sindhi Kallam (song) is very famous in Pakistan and some areas in India. There are unlimited names of Sindhi singers, some have left this world and many are performing well. Names of almost all Sindhi singer are given below.
A.
Allah Rakhio Kaleri

</doc>
<doc id="18510962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510962" title="Ugly Me">
Ugly Me

Pretendiendo (Pretending) known as Ugly Me in the U.S. is a 2006 Chilean romantic comedy film directed and written by Claudio Dabed. The film is about a beautiful but romantically disappointed woman named Amanda who decides to transform into an ugly duckling in an attempt to ward off men. Amanda also adopts another persona, that of a gorgeous vixen named Helena. The film stars Bárbara Mori.

</doc>
<doc id="18510963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510963" title="Salempur, Bihar">
Salempur, Bihar

Salempur is a village under Tekari sub-division, dist Gaya, in the state of Bihar in eastern India. Salempur has been long famous for its prosperity under Tekari Raj. It is located near to the bank of river Morhar. Salempur is predominantly Kayastha (in specific Ambashtha) dominated village.
Demographics.
As of record Salempur had a population of 372. Males constitute 49% of the population and females 51%. Average literacy is approximately 100%, much much higher than the national average of 59.5%.
Educational centre.
People at Salempur has given special preference to education. Since its close proximity to Tekari, so most of the people educated at state prestigious Tekari Raj School. In addition to this, Salempur also have government middle school named Late Rameshwar Govt Middle School. This school was donated by a socialist and resident of Salempur Late Shri Rameshwar Prasad.However, the land for the school was jointly donated by Late Shri Rameshwar Prasad and his youngest brother Late Shri Sheo Govind Prasad.
Occupation.
Agriculture is the major of source of income for the resident of village Salempur.
Climate.
The climate of Salempur is tropical. Summers are generally hot (April-June), while winters are cool (October-February). It experiences southwestern monsoon rains from July to September.

</doc>
<doc id="18510978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510978" title="Symmetric Turing machine">
Symmetric Turing machine

Definition of Symmetric Turing machines.
A Symmetric TM is a TM which has a configuration graph that is undirected. That is configuration i yields configuration j if and only if j yields 
i. The set of languages that have a symmetric TM deciding it in log space is called SL. It was first defined in 1982 by Lewis and Papadimitriou, who were looking for a class in which to place USTCON, which until this time could, at best, be placed only in NL, despite seeming not to require nondeterminism. They defined the symmetric Turing machine, used it to define SL. Symmetric Turing machines are kind of Turing machines with limited nondeterministic power. Informally Symmetric computations are reversible in an approximate manner. A symmetric computation is divided into locally deterministic sub computation (segments) between special configuration, where nondeterminism takes place, such that the only special configuration reached from a backward computation is the special configuration started the segment. Thus the segments are locally deterministic in its forward direction and have limited nondeterminism in its backward direction. Also if there is a way from special configuration A1 to special configuration A2, there must be a way back from A2 to A1.
Example of Symmetric Configuration
Idea about why USTCON is SL-complete.
The most important Complete Problem is the USTCON, Lewis and Papadimitriou by 
their definition showed that USTCON is complete for SL class. They 
constructed a nondeterministic machine for USTCON, and they made a lemma for 
converting this machine into Symmetric Turing Machine. Then the theorem follows as 
any language can be accepted using a symmetric Turing machine is logspace reducible 
to USTCON as from the properties of the symmetric computation we can view the 
special configuration as the undirected edges of the graph.

</doc>
<doc id="18510985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510985" title="Acnistus arborescens">
Acnistus arborescens

Acnistus arborescens is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family, Solanaceae. Common names include gallinero, hollowheart, wild tobacco, siyou, bastard sirio, galán arbóreo, mata gallina, tabaco de monte, nigüito, marieneira, and tabak djab.
Description.
Large shrub or tree up to 10 meters in height. It flowers in clusters on naked branch parts below the leaves. Leaves are alternate, simple, elliptical, narrow to a long v-shape at the base, variably narrowed to a point at the tip, 15 to 30 cm long and 5 to 15 cm wide, margins entire or slightly wavy, hairless except when young. Young stems and young leaves have rusty hairs. The fragrant flowers bloom in clusters of 30 or more, with broadly funnel-shaped tubes about 1.2 cm long and recurving lobes. The protruding stamens are greenish-white to cream. The bright orange fruit is round, and about 1 cm across. They flower sporadically throughout the year, with fruit generally from March to July.
Distribution and habitat.
It is native to Central and South America, and the Caribbean. In Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands, it is classified by the US Department of Agriculture as a native plant species.
Ecology.
"Acnistus arborescens" contains a rare fragrant compound also found in roses and "Narcissus tazetta", called orcinol dimethyl ether, that is almost undetectable to the human nose. However experiments with honeybees have shown they can readily detect it.
Cultivation.
"Acnistus arborescens" is grown as an ornamental tree for gardens, and natural landscaping projects to attracting various species of birds, where it gets its Brazilian common name, "thrush fruit".

</doc>
<doc id="18510988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510988" title="Cortez Groves">
Cortez Groves

Cortez Groves (born March 25, 1978) is an American professional basketball player who has previously played in the now defunct International Basketball Association and the NBL in Australia.
He was born in Missouri and attended Kansas State University from 1998–2000, where he played college basketball.
He then played with the Salina Rattlers of the IBA, where he averaged 18.5 points and 4.7 rebounds. Groves then played in France for Maurienne Savoie Basket in the Pro B League.
In the NBL, Groves has played for Wollongong Hawks and the South Dragons. In 2006 he was selected to the All NBL first team and played in the 2005/06 NBL All-Star Game. He also competed in the 2006 NBL Slam Dunk contest at the All-Star Game.
Groves has also played professionally in Argentina.
After injuring his shoulder during the 2008-09 NBL season, Groves was dropped from the South Dragons roster after being ruled out for the remainder of the season. Groves spent just over one year with the Dragons.
Groves was signed by the Adelaide 36ers for the 2009-10 season. Groves left the 36ers and the NBL after the 2009-10 season.
For the 2011 ABA season, Groves played for the Brisbane Spartans.

</doc>
<doc id="18510989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510989" title="London Film and Comic Con">
London Film and Comic Con

The London Film and Comic Con is a convention held annually in London that focuses on films, cult television, gaming, anime and comics. In the past, the convention had guests that had included actors and actresses from film and TV series including "Doctor Who", "Star Trek", "Star Wars", "Harry Potter", "Heroes" and others. The convention holds a large dealers hall selling movie, comic and science fiction related memorabilia and original film props, along with free guest talks, professional photo shoots, autograph sessions, displays.
It is organised by Showmasters, the same company which organises the Autographica and Collectormania events.

</doc>
<doc id="18510994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510994" title="Peiraiki">
Peiraiki

Peiraiki Microbrewery () is a microbrewery situated in Drapetsona, Piraeus regional unit, Greece.
The company produces two types of beer using traditional organic methods and according to the German "Reinheitsgebot" of 1516. The result is either a "Peiraiki Pils" or "Peiraiki Pale Ale" (both 5% ABV).
The beer is bottled in 330ml, 500ml and 1l bottles.
Peiraiki products are certified as organic by the Organisation for the Control and Certification of Biological Products or DIO ().

</doc>
<doc id="18510998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18510998" title="Onna no Michi">
Onna no Michi

The song holds an all-time consecutive number-one record to spend 16 consecutive weeks at the number-one position on the Oricon single charts. In Japan, it was the best selling single in 1972 with over 1.3 million copies and held the rank in the next year with over 1.8 million copies. The song was charted for 84 weeks on the Oricon charts. In total it sold over 3.25 million copies and is the second best selling single in Japan according to the Oricon. It is also the best selling enka.
Their album "Onna no Michi" also reached at the number-one position on the Oricon charts.

</doc>
<doc id="18511054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511054" title="Schedule TO">
Schedule TO

Schedule TO is a required filing form of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
Under the United States federal Securities Exchange Act of 1934, parties who will own more than five percent of a class of a company’s securities after making a tender offer for securities registered under the Act must file a Schedule TO with the SEC. The SEC also requires any person acquiring more than five percent of a voting class of a company’s Section 12 registered equity securities directly or by tender offer to file a Schedule 13D.

</doc>
<doc id="18511060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511060" title="We All Need a Reason to Believe">
We All Need a Reason to Believe

We All Need a Reason to Believe is the second full-length studio album by American pop punk band Valencia. It was released in the United States on 26 August 2008. The album was the band's first on label Columbia Records, after their first album was released on I Surrender. It was produced by Ariel Rechtshaid, who has done projects for We Are Scientists and Plain White T's. An early review from AbsolutePunk writer Drew Beringer stated the release proved Valencia is "a band that can breathe new life into pop-punk".
The album title comes from lyrics in the second track, "Holiday".

</doc>
<doc id="18511079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511079" title="Scottish Oceanographical Laboratory">
Scottish Oceanographical Laboratory

The Scottish Oceanographical Laboratory was founded in 1906 by William Speirs Bruce, who had travelled widely in the Antarctic and Arctic regions and had led the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition (SNAE), 1902–04. Bruce had originally studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh, but had transferred his studies to the natural sciences and, through his varied experiences, had established a reputation as a polar scientist. He had also collected a large number of botanical, biological, zoological and geological specimens, together with vast amounts of meteorological and magnetic data. The laboratory, established in Edinburgh at premises in Nicolson Street, provided a place to examine, store or display these materials, an office from which Bruce could work on the SNAE scientific reports, and a base from which further expeditions could be planned.
It was Bruce's ambition that the laboratory should develop into a Scottish National Oceanographical Institute. A meeting to discuss this possibility was held in May 1914, and the proposal gained significant support from leading Scottish scientists. An organising committee was established, but the matter was shelved on the outbreak of war in August 1914 and was not revived. In 1919 lack of funding, combined with his failing health, forced Bruce to close the laboratory, donating the various specimens, books and other materials to the University of Edinburgh, the Royal Scottish Geographical Society and the Royal Scottish Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18511082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511082" title="Băiculești">
Băiculești

Băiculeşti is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of ten villages: Alunişu, Anghineşti, Argeşani, Băiculeşti, Măniceşti, Stejari, Tutana, Valea Brazilor, Valea lui Enache and Zigoneni.

</doc>
<doc id="18511084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511084" title="Bârla">
Bârla

Bârla is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of twelve villages: Afrimeşti, Bădeşti, Bârla, Brabeţi, Cioceşti, Malu, Mândra, Mozăcenii-Vale, Podişoru, Şelăreasca, Urlueni and Zuvelcaţi.

</doc>
<doc id="18511085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511085" title="Bascov">
Bascov

Bascov is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bascov, Brăileni, Glâmbocu, Mica, Prislopu Mic, Schiau, Uiasca and Valea Ursului.

</doc>
<doc id="18511087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511087" title="Beleți-Negrești">
Beleți-Negrești

Beleţi-Negreşti is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of four villages: Beleţi, Lenţea, Negreşti and Zgripceşti (the commune centre).

</doc>
<doc id="18511088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511088" title="Berevoești">
Berevoești

Berevoeşti is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of four villages: Berevoieşti, Bratia, Gămăceşti and Oţelu.

</doc>
<doc id="18511090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511090" title="Bogați">
Bogați

Bogaţi is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bârloi, Bogaţi, Bujoi, Chiţeşti, Dumbrava, Glâmbocel, Glâmbocelu and Suseni.

</doc>
<doc id="18511091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511091" title="Boteni">
Boteni

Boteni is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of four villages: Balabani, Boteni, Lunca and Muscel.

</doc>
<doc id="18511093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511093" title="Boțești, Argeș">
Boțești, Argeș

Boţeşti is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of two villages: Boţeşti and Moşteni-Greci.

</doc>
<doc id="18511095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511095" title="Bradu">
Bradu

Bradu is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of two villages, Bradu and Geamăna.

</doc>
<doc id="18511099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511099" title="Budeasa">
Budeasa

Budeasa is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of six villages: Budeasa Mare (the commune centre), Budeasa Mică, Caloteşti, Gălăşeşti, Rogojina and Valea Mărului.

</doc>
<doc id="18511112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511112" title="Bughea de Jos">
Bughea de Jos

Bughea de Jos is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of a single village, Bughea de Jos.

</doc>
<doc id="18511114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511114" title="Buzoești">
Buzoești

Buzoeşti is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of eleven villages: Bujoreni, Buzoeşti, Cornăţel, Curteanca, Ioneşti, Podeni, Redea, Şerboeni, Tomşanca, Vlăduţa and Vulpeşti (the commune centre).

</doc>
<doc id="18511117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511117" title="Căldăraru">
Căldăraru

Căldăraru is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of three villages: Burdea, Căldăraru and Strâmbeni.

</doc>
<doc id="18511118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511118" title="Călinești, Argeș">
Călinești, Argeș

Călineşti is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of twelve villages: Călineşti, Ciocăneşti, Cârstieni, Glodu, Gorganu, Radu Negru, Râncăciov, Udeni-Zăvoi, Urlucea, Valea Corbului, Văleni-Podgoria and Vrăneşti.
Adrian Mutu was born in Călineşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18511120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511120" title="Căteasca">
Căteasca

Căteasca is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Catanele, Căteasca, Cireşu, Coşeri, Gruiu, Recea and Siliştea.

</doc>
<doc id="18511122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511122" title="Cepari">
Cepari

Cepari is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Cărpeniş, Ceparii Pământeni (the commune centre), Ceparii Ungureni, Morăşti, Şendruleşti, Urluieşti, Valea Măgurei and Zamfireşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18511123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511123" title="Michael Langdon">
Michael Langdon

Michael Langdon (November 12, 1920March 12, 1991) was a British bass opera singer.
Langdon was born in Wolverhampton. He had six half brothers and sisters, the youngest, Maud being 19 years his senior. His father, Harry was sixty when his youngest son was born (birth name Frank Birtles) and by all accounts a very strong personality. He was blind and after he retired from business, his young son spent much time with him, reading to him, sharing walks and conversation and learning to play the piano. Harry died when Frank was ten. Frank promptly failed the 11 plus, to his teacher's amazement. He excelled at the less academic school he attended. He disliked school and was pleased to leave.
He sang in "The Midsummer Marriage", "Gloriana", "The Olympians", "Billy Budd", "A Midsummer Night's Dream", "Don Carlos", "Arabella", "Der Rosenkavalier", "Don Pasquale" and "The Abduction from the Seraglio", among others.
He was principal bass at the Royal Opera House from 1951 and sang in most of the great opera houses of the world, most often in the role of Baron Ochs in "Der Rosenkavalier" during the 1960s and 1970s. His voice has been described as 'basso profundo'. He could reach the lowest noted of that part with ease whilst going into a falsetto for the highest note in the famous waltz - something he wished he didn't have to do. 
He was founder-director of the National Opera Studio. Lesley Garrett spent a year there during his time. A sub arrachnoid haemorrhage brought an end to his time there after 10 years.
He was an avid football fan, supporting Wolverhampton Wanderers all his life.
Langdon retired from singing in 1977. His autobiography, "Notes From a Low Singer", was published in 1982.
Langdon died in Hove in 1991. He is survived by his wife, Vera and has two daughters, Christine and Diane

</doc>
<doc id="18511124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511124" title="Cetățeni">
Cetățeni

Cetăţeni is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of three villages: Cetăţeni, Lăicăi and Valea Cetăţuia.

</doc>
<doc id="18511126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511126" title="Cicănești">
Cicănești

Cicăneşti is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bărăşti, Cicăneşti, Mioarele and Urecheşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18511127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511127" title="Ciofrângeni">
Ciofrângeni

Ciofrângeni is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of five villages: Burluşi, Ciofrângeni, Lacurile, Piatra and Schitu-Matei.

</doc>
<doc id="18511128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511128" title="Ciomăgești">
Ciomăgești

Ciomăgeşti is a commune in Argeş County, in southern central Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Beculeşti, Bratia, Ciomăgeşti, Cungrea, Dogari, Fedeleşoiu, Giuclani, Păuneşti and Răduţeşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18511144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511144" title="The Stars Look Down (TV serial)">
The Stars Look Down (TV serial)

The Stars Look Down is a 1975 British television adaptation written by Alan Plater from A. J. Cronin's novel "The Stars Look Down", which was originally published in 1935. The Granada production was directed by Roland Joffé, Alan Grint and Howard Baker and starred Ian Hastings as David Fenwick and Susan Tracy as his wife, Jenny. Other versions include a 1940 British film and a 1971 Italian television adaptation.
Set between 1910 and 1930, the story follows the lives of people from the coal mining town of Sleescale in North East England. David Fenwick and Joe Gowlan both leave the mines hoping for better prospects, while the mine owner's son Arthur Barras comes into conflict with his father.
Episodes.
The series aired in 13 one-hour episodes from 4 September 1975 to 27 November 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18511158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511158" title="Faisal Qureshi (actor)">
Faisal Qureshi (actor)

Faisal Qureshi () (born October 26, 1973 Lahore) is a Pakistani television and film actor. He has Played characters old and young, delinquent and religious, blind and deaf. He was voted popular TV actor of 2010. He has also received several awards.
Personal life.
Qureshi was born to Abid Qureshi and famous film actress Afshan Qureshi in Lahore, Pakistan. It was due to the frequent visits to TV sets with his mother that Qureshi was first discovered. He married three times, firstly at the age of 18, he divorced his wife after 3 years of marriage and has a daughter from his first wife, and second marriage with Ayesha Agha when he was 24, but got divorced only after 18 months. Recently he married Sana in 2010.He has a daughter and a son from his first and second marriage.. He now lives in Karachi with his family.
Career.
Qureshi started his career as a child artist from PTV's play "Emergency Ward", and also appeared in the play Andhera Ujala as a child. His first major acting role as an adult was in the film "Saza" in 1992. Qureshi went on to star in 19 other films, but he quits film industry after four years, and went on to pursue a career as a full-time television actor.
He appeared in various minor roles before landing his first lead role as Boota in "Toba Tek Singh". Qureshi always wanted to be a foremost actor and a hero. He never wanted to be a director or producer. Qureshi has also appeared as a judge on ARY Digital's competition show "Dum Hai To Entertain Kar" and is a full-time judge on "Nachle". He is the host of reality show "Hero Banney ki Tarang", also on ARY. He started hosting the morning show "Muskurati Morning" on TVOne Global along with Ayesha Khalid in October 2010, and it has been voted popular morning show. The show has won the award for the best morning show in 2011.
Filmography.
Television.
PTV
Hum TV 
Geo TV
Indus TV
ARY Digital
TVOne 

</doc>
<doc id="18511163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511163" title="List of Ambassadors of Russia and the Soviet Union to Afghanistan">
List of Ambassadors of Russia and the Soviet Union to Afghanistan

This is a list of Ambassadors to Afghanistan of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, Soviet Union and the Russian Federation:

</doc>
<doc id="18511187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511187" title="Gauss–Laguerre quadrature">
Gauss–Laguerre quadrature

In numerical analysis Gauss–Laguerre quadrature is an extension of Gaussian quadrature method for approximating the value of integrals of the following kind:
In this case 
where "x""i" is the "i"-th root of Laguerre polynomial "L""n"("x") and the weight "w""i" is given by
For more general functions.
To integrate the function formula_4 we apply the following transformation
where formula_6. For the last integral
one then uses Gauss-Laguerre quadrature. Note, that while this approach works
from an analytical perspective, it is not always numerically stable.
Generalized Gauss–Laguerre quadrature.
More generally, one can also consider integrands that have a known formula_7 power-law singularity at "x"=0, for some real number formula_8, leading to integrals of the form:
This allows one to efficiently evaluate such integrals for polynomial or smooth "f"("x") even when α is not an integer.

</doc>
<doc id="18511200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511200" title="It's Not Easy Being Green (album)">
It's Not Easy Being Green (album)

It's Not Easy Being Green, the fourth album from the Filipino rock band, Rivermaya. It has 13 tracks and released under Sony BMG Music Philippines, Inc. on 1999. It is also their first studio album since the departure of Bamboo Mañalac.
It is also the last album they recorded for BMG Records Pilipinas.
Track listing.
All songs by Rico Blanco except where noted.
Personnel.
Executive Producer for Rana Entertainment, Inc.: Chito Roño & Lizza G. Nakpil
Executive Producers for BMG Records Pilipinas: Rudy Y. Tee
A & R Direction: Vic Valenciano & Rommel Sanchez
Album Photography: Eddie Boy Escudero & Eric Liongoren
Digital Photography: Mark Escueta, Rico Blanco & Ryan Peralta
Package Concept & Design: Mark Escueta & Rico Blanco
Technical Assistant & Additional Layout: John Joel Lopez
Recorded At: Pink Noise & TRACKS Studios
Sound Engineer: Jun Reyes (Pink Noise) & Angee Rozul (TRACKS Studios)
Album Mix: Angee Rozul & Rivermaya
Horn Arrangements on "May Kasalanan" and "Bagong Taon": Mel Villena
Horn Section: JD Villanueva (baritone sax & bass clarinet), Ernesto Abarillo & Glenn Joel Lucero (trumpets), Ronnie Marqueses (trombone) & Dix Lucero (clarinet & alto sax)

</doc>
<doc id="18511201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511201" title="Bayon Television">
Bayon Television

The Bayon Television (, or, in brief, Bayon TV (), is a broadcasting service in Cambodia.
History.
It was launched in 1998 by Hun Mana, oldest daughter of prime minister Hun Sen. It is the second private television station and the first UHF channel in Cambodia.
Appearances.
Clocks.
Bayon TV has clocks in news reports at the bottom of the screen.
Test card.
It is the simple EBU color bars.
Closing and Opening times.
Bayon TV broadcasts from 6:00 to midnight.

</doc>
<doc id="18511212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511212" title="Marks &amp; Co">
Marks &amp; Co

Marks & Co, also incorrectly referred to as "Marks & Company" or colloquially as "84", was a well-known antiquarian bookseller located at Cambridge Circus - 84, Charing Cross Road, London.
The shop was founded in the 1920s by Benjamin Marks and Mark Cohen. Cohen was persuaded to allow his name to be abbreviated in the company's name. It provided the basis for the book of correspondence by Helene Hanff entitled "84 Charing Cross Road", later made into a stage play, television play and BAFTA-winning film. The shop has since been knocked through into 24 Cambridge Circus, and the premises were converted for restaurant usage. A plaque on the wall commemorates the shop and the book.
Famous connections.
The company built a good reputation for itself and had famous customers, including Charlie Chaplin, George Bernard Shaw, Lord Alanbrooke, Michael Foot, royalty and public institutions such as universities and the British Museum.
Benjamin Marks' son, Leo Marks, became a prominent member of the wartime organisation, Special Operations Executive, specialising in codes. His interest in the subject had been born by his father's use of book pricing codes.
Book ring.
Marks & Co were members of a then-secret and illegal "book ring", whereby a group of London book dealers declined to bid against each other at auctions. Instead, one of them would buy at prices kept low by the lack of competition, the ring would then bid privately between themselves and the surplus would be shared amongst the unsuccessful ring members. 
When the secrecy surrounding the bidding ring was broken, a scandal was threatened. In order to avoid this, an undertaking was signed, at the offices of the "Times Literary Supplement", by the ring's members to bring the practice ("if it existed") to an end.

</doc>
<doc id="18511243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511243" title="5th (Mhow) Division">
5th (Mhow) Division

The 5th (Mhow) Division was a regular division of the British Indian Army and part of the Southern Army which was formed in 1903 after Lord Kitchener was appointed Commander-in-Chief, India between 1902 and 1909. He instituted large-scale reforms, including merging the three armies of the Presidencies into a unified force and forming higher level formations, eight army divisions, and brigading Indian and British units. Following Kitchener's reforms, the British Indian Army was "the force recruited locally and permanently based in India, together with its expatriate British officers."
The Division remained in India on internal security duties during World War I, but some of its units were transferred to serve with other Formations. The Cavalry units formed the 5th (Mhow) Cavalry Brigade in the 1st Indian Cavalry Division and served in France and Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="18511255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511255" title="Faisal Qureshi (TV director)">
Faisal Qureshi (TV director)

Faisal Qureshi, is a Pakistani television producer, director, and actor. He was born in Hyderabad, Sindh.
He was a graduate of the National College of Arts. Faisal started his career as a host of musical programme "VJ", directed by Ahsan Rahim. It was telecast from NTM in mid-nineties. His first show as a director and actor called "Teen Bata Teen"', which was telecast from PTV.
Presently Faisal doing a show for Geo TV called "Ulta Seedha", a collection of satire and parodies on a wide range of current topics. He was producing, directing, writing and hosting it.
Faisal also directed few commercials for Ufone.

</doc>
<doc id="18511263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511263" title="Gleb Panfilov">
Gleb Panfilov

Gleb Anatolyevich Panfilov (; born 21 May 1934 in Magnitogorsk) is an internationally acclaimed Russian film director noted for a string of mostly historical films starring his wife, Inna Churikova.
Biography.
In the 1980s Panfilov, a chemist by profession, moved to theatre directing, but also found time to adapt for the screen Alexander Vampilov's play "Valentina" (1981), as well as Maxim Gorky's "Vassa Zheleznova" (1983) and "Mother" (1989). "Vassa" won the Golden Prize at the 13th Moscow International Film Festival and Russia's State Prize. He won the Golden Bear at the 37th Berlin International Film Festival for the film "The Theme".
Despite the hardships of the 1990s Panfilov was committed to directing "", an epic story of the Romanov sainthood. The film, finally released in 2000, was a sort of family project involving his wife as well as children. It was also his first movie that did not feature his wife.
In 2000 at the 22nd Moscow International Film Festival he was awarded with an Honorable Prize for his contribution to cinema.
In January 2006 RTR TV aired Panfilov's miniseries based on Alexander Solzhenitsyn's novel "The First Circle". The Nobel Prize-winning author helped adapt the novel for the screen and narrated the film.

</doc>
<doc id="18511265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511265" title="Yunnan–Guangxi War">
Yunnan–Guangxi War

The Yunnan–Guangxi War was a war of succession fought for the control of the Chinese Nationalist Party after the death of Sun Yat-sen in 1925. It was launched by the Yunnan clique against the party leadership and the New Guangxi clique.
On 18 March 1925, six days after Sun's death, Tang Jiyao, leader of the Yunnan clique, claimed to be the rightful leader of the Kuomintang against acting generalissimo Hu Hanmin and the party executives. He had been a revolutionary since the Qing dynasty, was one of the most prominent leaders of the National Protection War against Yuan Shikai, co-founded the Constitutional Protection Movement, and assisted Sun during the Guangdong-Guangxi War and Chen Jiongming's rebellion. Despite this, his relationship with Sun was not solid. He had previously negotiated with the Beiyang government and other northern warlords, resisted Sun's call for the Northern Expedition, and was unwilling to provide the National Assembly long-term shelter during the Guangdong-Guangxi War. Sun had also recognized the authority of Gu Pinzhen, who had briefly overthrown Tang in 1921.
Given that he was the most accomplished and famous general in the Kuomintang, Tang believed he was the natural leader of the national revolution. He justified his claim in that Sun had named Tang his "deputy generalissimo" in 1924. In actuality, Tang had declined this position when he learned it was inferior to Hu Hanmin's "vice generalissimo" rank. The party leaders denounced Tang as a usurper. 
Frustrated, Tang rallied his allies in Yunnan and Guizhou to lead an expedition to Guangzhou. Hu Hanmin requested the New Guangxi clique to form a defense. Li Zongren successfully routed Tang's invading armies during the summer. Li Zongren's stature rose as a result of the war and he would later become acting president. 
The fortunes of the previously obscure Chiang Kai-shek also rose during the war. In August, the right-wing Hu Hanmin was blamed for the assassination of fellow party executive Liao Zhongkai and was arrested and exiled by Chiang and Wang Jingwei. Chiang took over General Xu Chongzhi's role as commander of the KMT's military since Xu was suspected of either taking part of the assassination, knowing about it, or was simply incompetent in providing security. (Xu was a replacement of his mutinous superior, Chen Jiongming.) Many KMT right-wing leaders were demoted like Lin Sen and Dai Jitao. This effectively made Chiang the second most powerful person in the KMT after Wang Jingwei.
In September, Chen Jiongming launched his final rebellion in Guangdong which was crushed by Chiang. Chen and Tang became allies and were elected premier and vice premier respectively of the new China Public Interest Party in San Francisco on October. The party advocated federalism and multi-party democracy; it moved its headquarters to Hong Kong in 1926. 
Chiang Kai-shek eventually ousted Wang Jingwei following the Zhongshan Warship Incident in the spring of 1926. After the Nationalists' successful Northern Expedition, many of Tang's generals wanted to realign themselves with the Kuomintang. Long Yun forced Tang into retirement in February 1927. Tang died one month later at the age of 44. The China Public Interest Party is currently part of the People's Political Consultative Conference in the People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="18511286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511286" title="Aioi Station (Hyōgo)">
Aioi Station (Hyōgo)

Layout.
Aioi Station has three tracks for the Sanyo and Ako lines (Number 1 to 3) and two for the Shinkansen line. The ticket barrier is on the second floor, as are the two exit (South and North). The Sanyo Main Line tracks are on first floor, the Shinkansen tracks are on third floor.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West
Accidents.
On 28 October 2008 at 14:42, a person was killed at the station after climbing down from the platform onto the down shinkansen track. The person was hit by the non-stop "Nozomi 25" service.

</doc>
<doc id="18511292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511292" title="Guardians of the Galaxy (2008 team)">
Guardians of the Galaxy (2008 team)

The Guardians of the Galaxy are a fictional spacefaring superhero team that appear in comic books published by Marvel Comics. Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning formed the team from existing and previously unrelated characters created by a variety of writers and artists, with an initial roster of Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon, Quasar, Adam Warlock, Gamora, Drax the Destroyer, and Groot.
The modern Guardians team is the second to operate under the name, following the original team created by Arnold Drake and Gene Colan in 1969. These Guardians first appeared in "Guardians of the Galaxy" (vol. 2) #1 (May 2008). A feature film based on the current team is set for release in August 2014.
Publication history.
The second volume of the title was published in May 2008, written by Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning and featured a new team of characters from the "" storyline.
Abnett and Lanning's work on the "Annihilation: Conquest" story laid the foundation for the new Guardians of the Galaxy book that they had been wanting to launch for some time. Editor Bill Rosemann, who had also edited "Annihilation: Conquest", provided more background: "As the planning of "Annihilation: Conquest" came together, it occurred to us that, if things went well, there would be a group of characters left standing who would make for a very interesting and fun team." It also provided the motivation the team would need, as "on the heels of two back-to-back wars, they're out to prevent any new Annihilation-size disasters from erupting."
The title ran parallel with "Nova" vol. 4, which was also written by Abnett and Lanning. The two crossed over in the storylines "War of Kings" and "Realm of Kings". Paul Pelletier pencilled the first seven issues. Brad Walker and Wes Craig alternated pencilling tasks from #8 to #25.
The book was cancelled in April 2010 with issue 25. Some plot threads were concluded in "The Thanos Imperative" 1–6 and its two one-shots (May 2010 – Jan 2011).
The team appeared reassembled in "Avengers Assemble" #4–8 (June–October 2012)
The Guardians of the Galaxy will appear in a new series for Marvel NOW! starting with issue 0.1 written by Brian Michael Bendis and drawn by Steve McNiven. In addition to the previous Guardians, Iron Man will also join the team.
Team history.
In the aftermath of the , Star-Lord decides to form a team of interstellar heroes that will be proactive in protecting the galaxy, rather than reacting to crises as they happen. To this end, he recruits Adam Warlock, Drax the Destroyer, Gamora, Phyla-Vell (the new Quasar), Rocket Raccoon, and Groot, with Mantis as support staff. On the recommendation of their ally, Nova, the group establishes a base of operations on the space station Knowhere, which possesses a teleportation system with near-universal range. An intelligent, telepathic dog named is Knowhere's chief of security and works closely with the new team. After a confrontation with the Universal Church of Truth, the team meets a semi-amnesiac man who identifies himself as Vance Astro - Major Victory of the original Guardians of the Galaxy. Astro's declaration inspires the as-yet-unnamed team to adopt the "Guardians of the Galaxy" name for their own. When the team learns Star-Lord directed Mantis to telepathically coerce the heroes into joining the team, they disband.
Rocket Raccoon decided to continue Star-Lord's mission and started a search for the missing members. He asked Bug to join the team, as well Groot's return to full size and the addition of Mantis and Major Victory as field members.
Meanwhile Star-Lord was banished to the Negative Zone by Ronan the Accuser for his actions during the Phalanx's attempted conquest of the Kree Empire. There, he finds himself in the middle of King Blastaar's fight to break into 42 and use its portal to invade Earth. Star-Lord allies with Jack Flag to defend the prison and contact the other Guardians for rescue. Rocket's new team successfully brings both of them back, and Flag becomes a Guardian.
Elsewhere, Drax and Phylla begin looking for Cammi, but on their search they talk to a seer who tells them about an oncoming war. Phylla was able to wake Moondragon from the dead, but lost her Quantum Bands in the process. The consequence for Phyla is that she is now the new avatar of death. They went back to Knowhere and did not follow up on the search for Cammi.
"War of Kings".
Warlock and Gamora return and inform the team of the War of Kings. They split into three teams, one each to the Kree and Shi'ar, and one staying on Knowhere to coordinate. The Kree team is heard by Black Bolt and the Inhumans, but their request for peace is denied. The Shi'ar team is attacked by Vulcan and the Imperial Guard, leading them to ally with the Starjammers
Star-Lord, Mantis, Bug, Jack Flag, and Cosmo are taken to the 31st Century by that era's Guardians, who warn them of the creation of an all-destroying energy rift called The Fault at the war's conclusion. Trapped in the future, Star-Lord's team is able to get a message to Warlock in the 21st Century. Warlock is unable to stop The Fault's creation, but is able to contain it with a spell that requires a stable, unused timeline. Warlock chooses the one he previously erased, causing him to become the Magus. Star-Lord's team, with the help of Kang the Conqueror, are returned to this point in the timestream. To escape, Magus fakes the death of himself, Mantis, Cosmo, Major Victory, Martyr, and Gamora.
Martyr frees herself with the help of Maelstrom, and enables Mantis to call the other Guardians for help telepathically. When they come to the rescue, Phyla-Vell is misled by Maelstrom into freeing Thanos. Thanos kills Martyr, but is captured by the Guardians and taken back to Knowhere as a Prisoner.
"The Thanos Imperative".
When the universe is invaded by the alternate universe, "Cancerverse," on the other side of the fault, the Guardians take Thanos to the Cancerverse in an attempt to end the war early. Along the way, Drax attacks Thanos and is killed. They are ultimately successful at ending the war, but Thanos is left enraged and promising to kill everyone. Along with Nova, Star-Lord remains in the collapsing Cancerverse as the other Guardians escape.
After the death of Star-Lord, the Guardians disband. Still believing in their cause, Cosmo recruits another team under the name "Annihilators." Rocket Raccoon and Groot later reunite and decide to continue the Guardian's legacy after the duo prevent an incident on Rocket's home world, Halfworld.
The new team appears on Earth to aid the Avengers against Thanos.
Marvel NOW!
After Star-Lord's father visits him in a bar to tell him that it is forbidden for any alien species to visit Earth, Iron Man is attacked by Badoon appearing to attack Earth. The Guardians and their newest member Iron Man defeat the ship; however, London is still attacked. The Guardians defend London and finish off the horde of Badoon but learn that, for violating the "Earth-is-off-limits" rule, or the Spartax Earth Directive they are to be placed under arrest by the King of Spartax. The Guardians manage to escape with the help of Groot, who had recently regrown after being destroyed by a Badoon ship's explosion. The team includes Star-Lord, Drax the Destroyer, Gamora, Groot, Rocket Raccoon, and Tony Stark. In April 2013, it was announced that Image Comics' Angela (Spawn) would join the Marvel Universe due to a legal battle between Neil Gaiman and Todd McFarlane. After appearing in Age of Ultron, she joined the Guardians in November. Captain Marvel and Agent Venom are set to join the team.
Reception.
The series debuted to mostly positive reviews. The May 2008 sales estimate for the first issue was 39,854 copies, making it the 61st top-selling comic title that month. The first and second issues sold out; they have been reprinted in a collected edition.
Collected editions.
The series was collected into individual volumes:
In other media.
Toys.
A "Guardians of the Galaxy" three pack for the Marvel Universe 3 3/4" toyline includes a non-poseable Rocket Raccoon, Starlord, Drax, and a miniature Groot. The Marvel Legends line will include a Build-A-Figure Rocket Raccoon, and a Drax figure already exists.

</doc>
<doc id="18511311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511311" title="24th General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
24th General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 24th General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1867 and 1871.
John J. Marshall was chosen as speaker for the house. Jared C. Troop was named speaker in February 1870 after Marshall's death.
The assembly was dissolved on April 17, 1871.
List of Members.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18511314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511314" title="World Youth Day 2000">
World Youth Day 2000

World Youth Day 2000 was a Catholic youth festival held from August 15–20 2000 in Rome, Italy. 
The international level celebration of World Youth Day in 2000 was meant to coincide with the Jubilee Year proclaimed by Pope John Paul II, to celebrate 2000 years since the birth of Jesus Christ. This is also reflected in the theme for the celebrations.
This marks the first World Youth Day in Rome where the final closing Mass was not held at Saint Peter's Square.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18511316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511316" title="Fâstâci Monastery">
Fâstâci Monastery

Fâstâci Monastery (Mănăstirea Fâstâci) is a monastery in Fâstâci Village, Cozmeşti Commune, Vaslui County. It is in the Moldavia region of northern Romania.
History.
The Fâstâci Monastery was founded by the Palade landowners during the 17th century. In 1711, it was dedicated to the Frumoasa Monastery from Iaşi (Jassy), a branch of the "Saint Ecaterina" Monastery on Mount Sinai (in present day Egypt). It was rebuilt by Lord Mihai Racoviţă Cehan during the 18th century. It was extended and suffered transformations during the 19th century. 
The monastery was gifted with numerous villages and estates by the founder and others lords. During the secularization of the properties in 1863 it had some parts of the following estates: 
During the 19th century, the monastic complex included: the church, the tower of belfry gate, the hegumen houses, the trapeze, the cells, the cabin of beams of the porter, 5 rooms for the kitchen and for the valets, the warehouse with the cellar, the shed for the carriages, the stable for the horses, the barn, the fountain, the flower shop, the wine cellar and a candle mill. Outwardly of the wall of precincts was the cemetery. Between 1856 and 1864, in the cells worked a school of schoolmaster church led by the Greek monks Nicanor and Diomid.
After the secularization of the property, the monastery was supported by the state until 1894 when it was closed.
The Fâstâci Monastery remained closed after 1894, until it was reopened in in 1992, after the 1989 Romanian Revolution . Between these years, the monastery's Saint Nicholas Church operated as a parish church; the house of priorship as a vicarage; and the cells for an elementary school, then an orphanage after 1919. It was used like a Common Agricultural Policy—C.A.P. warehouse after 1959.
The present ensemble includes: 
Fâstâci Monastery ensemble.
Saint Nicholas Church.
It was founded in 1721 by Lord Mihai Racovita Cehan, on the land of a church of the landowners Palade from the 17th century (a.1693). It suffered some transformations in 19th century. Between 1850 and 1851it was boarded with Cararra marble, covered in board (initially in shingle), it was remade the interior painting and it was replaced the rood screen by the hegumen Chiril Strichide. As a result of the earthquake from 1940, the plat bands by stone of the doors and of the windows was replaced with the wood cadres, and the verandah has been closed between 1957 and 1959. The interior painting was remade between 1975 and 1977, including the votive portrait of the founder Mihai Racovita cehan vv and of his wife, Lady Ana.
It is a church with three-apse church plane, with narthex overenlarged, with polygonal apses at the exterior and semicircular at the interior, with verandah on the west, with foiled arch archways on the columns of brick. It is guerdon by two massive derricks, octagonal, situated on the nave and the narthex. In the interior, the arching system is formed by two vaults flattened on the verandah, derricks by octagonal section on the nave and narthex, a semi-cap on the altar, it is holding on the vaults in relief. 
The front part is structured on two registers, separated by a belt. The superior register present circular niches carved in stone, decorated with vegetable motives, surrounded by square cadres of dent bricks. The inferior register is underlined by a chain trilobite vaults, with a bracket backed on the semi-columned hired and engrossed in the wall. The religious inscription on the west facade carry the Moldovian crown, the dating and the name of the founder, carved in Slavonic language.
It keeps imperial icons from the 18th century, the rood screen, the religious armchair and the cult silverware from the time of hegumen Cyrillic Strychnine.
Belfry Tower.
It was founded in 1808 by the hegumen Ioasaf Gândul, at the principal entrance on the south side, by stone and brick. It was redressed several times, it was consolidated by the parish between 1942 and 1949 and covered with board in 1959, initially in shingle. It was reconstructed during 1995 - 2007 with background funds from the Ministry of the Culture and Cult and from the State Inspectorate in Constructions. 
It has a massive tower of square section, with three levels. The carrygeable gate, with the semicircular opening, with baroque border of mortar, is superposed by a circular window at the level two and a rectangular opening at the bells room. The corners of the construction are underlined by lobes on the first floor, hired columns and pilasters at the other levels.
It lodges two bronze bells of epoch: one is dated from 1765, decorated with the emblem of the Moldova crown, and the other is dated from 1769.
Abbot House.
It was founded in 1808 by the hegumen Ioasaf Gândul of stone and brick, with some transformations and additions in 1834,1851,1918–1919,1998. After 1919 it functioned as an orphanage, headquarters for the municipal council and as a vicarage.
The first floor of the building is on cellar, in rectangular plane with verandah felt out, with arches in lever of chimney, in present flumed and with triangular pinion. It has facades with the decorations of classicist inspiration. In the interior it has the rooms arranged symmetrical. Neighboring the building, to south-west it’s the chapel, in rectangular plan, with the apse of the altar semicircular, in present it isn’t functional.
Precincts Wall.
"The enclosing Precincts Wall of Fâstâci Monastery" was built in two phases, in 1834 and 1851, grace to the efforts of the hegumens Ioasaf Gândul and Kiril Strichide. It has been crumbled in 1899 on the north-west side, in 1911 on the East side and in 1956 on the west side. It was rebuilt by the parish, between 1957 and 1959, under the shepherd of priest H.Manoilescu.
It has a room with rectangular range, partially lost. It has high wall with buttress, on river stone tied with mortar. The principal access is made under the gate tower, placed on the south side; other two gates, in present lost, was finding on the north and east side.

</doc>
<doc id="18511321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511321" title="Wolé Parks">
Wolé Parks

Wolé Parks is an American actor. He's best known for playing Manny, the bike courier opposite Joseph-Gordon Levitt, in the film "Premium Rush".
Early life.
Born in New York City, Parks is a graduate of New York University with a B.F.A. in Fine Arts and a B.A. in Mathematics. Parks currently lives in his hometown of Bronx, New York. Deciding to fully immerse himself into his acting career, Parks moved to Los Angeles, CA in 2011, where he was quickly approached to co-star in Devious Maids, produced by Eva Longoria.
Career.
Parks joined the cast of the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns" on November 14, 2007 taking over the role of Dallas Griffin.
Parks' television credits include roles on "Law & Order", its spin-off "" and "Gossip Girl", as well as starring in the sixth season of MTV's anthology series "Undressed". In film, Parks was seen alongside Kevin Bacon in the HBO film "Taking Chance" and with Joseph Gordon-Levitt in the 2012 film "Premium Rush". Parks' next role was Sam in the Lifetime TV series "Devious Maids", produced by Eva Longoria. 
Personal life.
Aside from acting, Parks is involved in political debate and is an active member of the group Democracy for NYC (DFNYC), a grassroots political group formed by former members of Howard Dean's 2004 presidential campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="18511325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511325" title="Lualenyi Ranch">
Lualenyi Ranch

Lualenyi Ranch is a private group ranch. The ranch is locate in Taita-Taveta District next to the Tsavo West National Park and Taita Hills Wildlife Sanctuary. The ranch covers approximately . It has been leased from the government for 99 years. Lualenyi Ranch is part of the LUMO Community Wildlife Sanctuary with Oza and Mramba ranches. 

</doc>
<doc id="18511332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511332" title="Jon Duncan">
Jon Duncan

Jon Duncan (born 6 October 1975) is a British orienteering competitor and world champion.
He received a gold medal in the "relay event" at the 2008 World Orienteering Championships in Olomouc, together with Graham Gristwood and Jamie Stevenson.
He received a bronze medal in "relay" at the 2003 World Orienteering Championships in Rapperswil/Jona, together with Daniel Marston and Jamie Stevenson 
He finished 5th in the relay in 1999, and also 5th in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18511333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511333" title="Kajiado North Constituency">
Kajiado North Constituency

Kajiado North Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies in Kajiado District. The constituency was established for the 1966 elections. The entire area of the constituency is located in Olkejuado county council.
Former civil servant Moses Ole Sakuda represents the constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="18511339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511339" title="Nishi-Aioi Station">
Nishi-Aioi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511348" title="Sakoshi Station">
Sakoshi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18511369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511369" title="Tenwa Station">
Tenwa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511376" title="Sophisticated Beggar">
Sophisticated Beggar

Sophisticated Beggar is English folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper's debut album. It was released in 1966.
History.
The album consists of Harper's poetry backed by acoustic guitar and recorded with a Revox tape machine by Pierre Tubbs. 
When initially released the album was poorly distributed; only a few thousand were ever made, so in order to promote the album, Harper designed flyers and personally handed them out to shoppers in Oxford Street, London. The albums liner notes imply that both John Renbourn and Ritchie Blackmore contributed. Cover art was drawn by Lon Goddard.
The album has subsequently been re-released on a number of different labels, given numerous titles, and had the original track listing altered. Though still available today, Harper only receives royalties for the official Science Friction release.
Track listing.
"All tracks credited to Roy Harper"

</doc>
<doc id="18511381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511381" title="Bizen-Fukukawa Station">
Bizen-Fukukawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511405" title="Sōgo Station">
Sōgo Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511414" title="Hinase Station">
Hinase Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511426" title="Jamie Nagle">
Jamie Nagle

Jamie Nagle (born 19 December 1986) is an Irish hurler who plays as a midfielder for the Waterford senior team. 
Nagle joined the team during the 2007 National League and became a regular member of the starting fifteen over subsequent seasons. Since then he has won one Munster medal and one National Hurling League medal. Nagle has ended up as an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level Nagle is a county intermediate championship medalist with Dungarvan.
Playing career.
Club.
Nagle played his club hurling with Dungarvan and has enjoyed some success.
In 2009 he won a county intermediate championship following a narrow 1-20 to 2-16 defeat of Clonea.
Inter-county.
Nagle made his senior debut for Waterford in the National Hurling League in 2007.
In 2008 Nagle made his senior championship debut, however, all was not well for Waterford. In spite of a poor start and a change of management Nagle's side reached the All-Ireland final for the first time in forty-five years. Kilkenny provided the opposition and went on to trounce Waterford by 3-30 to 1-13 to claim a third All-Ireland title in-a-row.
Nagle lined out in another Munster final in 2010 with Cork providing the opposition. A 2-15 apiece draw was the result on that occasion, however, Waterford went on to win the replay after an extra-time goal by Dan Shanahan. It was a first Munster winners' medal for Nagle.

</doc>
<doc id="18511427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511427" title="Daniel Marston">
Daniel Marston

Daniel Marston is a British orienteering competitor.
He received a bronze medal in "relay" at the 2003 World Orienteering Championships in Rapperswil-Jona, together with Jon Duncan and Jamie Stevenson 
He finished 5th in the relay in 2004. Best individual world championship result is 14th place in the "long course" in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18511429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511429" title="Iri Station">
Iri Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West
 

</doc>
<doc id="18511432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511432" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1973–1975">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1973–1975

This is a list of members of the South Australian House of Assembly from 1973 to 1975, as elected at the 1973 state election:

</doc>
<doc id="18511439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511439" title="Bizen-Katakami Station">
Bizen-Katakami Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511441" title="67 Spencer Street">
67 Spencer Street

67 Spencer Street is the former head offices of the Victorian Railways, located on Spencer Street, Melbourne, Australia. Today it is used as a hotel and apartments. It is of Renaissance-Italianate style and is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
History.
The building was opened in 1893 and was one of the larger buildings in the city, reflecting the 'boom' conditions of the period. In 1886, the Victorian Railway Commissioners, considering their existing timber offices were inadequate, determined to erect and a building that would provide a central location for various branch offices in the area. Designs were prepared by James Moore formerly of the Hobsons Bay Railway Company, and a contract was signed in September 1888. Funds to £25,000 were allocated in the Loan Act of 1887 for the building, with subsequent allocations taking the total to £132,000 including furnishings. Originally to be built of bluestone, due to high cost brickwork with stucco was used instead.
The building is of a shallow U shape, with a frontage onto Spencer Street. The siting was such that the building would not interfere with the Flinders Street Viaduct, which was yet to be built. The building is symmetrical in plan, with the Spencer Street facade divided into five bays. The central bay projects slightly, incorporating the main entrance with heavy banded rustication, and led into the main staircase, 50 ft by 60 ft (15.25 m by 18.28 m) and lit by three windows with the 'VR' insignia. Secondary entrances at each end of the building, and a central corridor ran the whole length of the building and wings. Originally consisting of a basement and three floors, the fourth floor added in 1912 and the attic in 1922. A number of statues graced the top of the building, but were removed in 1930 when they began to break up and were considered a danger to the passing public. By 1925 the VR magazine reported that the building was overcrowded, with some departments moved to the Newport Workshops. 
By the 1980s the Victorian Railways had broken up into the Ministry of Transport, the Metropolitan Transit Authority, and the State Transport Authority. In 1985 Transport House at 589 Collins Street was acquired and 67 Spencer Street was vacated. The Victorian Government sold the building by tender in 1988 for $5.2 million, to a development company and a Japanese financier who proposed a 217 room hotel and 158 car parks, but the deal fell though when the Japanese financier pulled out.
In 1989 a buyer contracted to buy the building for $7.9 million, but again the contract fell though. The mortgage owner put the building to auction in September 1990 but no sale was made. It was not until 1998 that the present hotel and apartment complex was developed. As well as restoring the building, a swimming pool and multilevel carpark was built at the back.

</doc>
<doc id="18511454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511454" title="Amber Liu">
Amber Liu

Amber Christine Liu Chang (born July 6, 1984 in Santa Monica, California, U.S.) is a former American professional tennis player and the wife of fellow tennis pro Michael Chang. At Stanford University, she was a two-time NCAA singles champion in 2003 and 2004. Her highest ranking was World No. 241 in singles and No. 600 in doubles.
Early life.
Liu started playing tennis at age eight. She attended Francis Parker School in San Diego.
Career.
College.
Liu attended Stanford University from 2002 to 2006, where she studied economics, interned in investment banking at Goldman Sachs, and played on the women's tennis team, compiling a 94–23 record in singles and leading the team to become NCAA team champions for three straight years, 2004 to 2006. She was a two-time NCAA singles champion in 2003 and 2004, NCAA doubles finalist in 2005, and four-time All-American. Liu was the fourth Stanford women's player to become a two-time NCAA singles champion, following Patty Fendick, Sandra Birch and Laura Granville.
2005.
Liu injured her shoulder in the summer of 2005, which caused her ranking to drop.
2008.
In July, Liu was invited as a wildcard to play women's singles at the Bank of the West Classic held at her alma mater Stanford University. There she played her final match as a professional, losing in the first round to fifth-seeded and World No. 13 Patty Schnyder of Switzerland.
Personal.
Her parents are Marvin and Valerie Liu, both Stanford graduates. Liu was coached by Emmanuel Udozorh and International Tennis Hall of Fame inductee Michael Chang. Chang and Liu married on October 18, 2008, and have a daughter, Lani, born December 9, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18511459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511459" title="Danvers Statement">
Danvers Statement

The Danvers Statement is a statement of the complementarian Christian view of gender roles. It is not the product of any particular Christian denomination, but has been endorsed or cited by the Southwestern Baptist Seminary, the Presbyterian Church in America, and the International Council for Gender Studies. It was first published by the Council on Biblical Manhood and Womanhood (CBMW) in Wheaton, Illinois in November 1988. Work on the statement began with "several evangelical leaders" at a CBMW meeting in Danvers, Massachusetts in December of 1987. In 1989, a paid advertisement center-spread appeared in the January 13 issue of "Christianity Today" accompanied with the Danvers Statement.
In February 1989, R.K. McGregor Wright put out "Response to the Danvers Statement," an unpublished paper delivered to the "Christians for Biblical Equality Conference", St. Paul, which was later revised and republished. In 1990 Christians for Biblical Equality published a statement "Men, Women & Biblical Equality," in "Christianity Today".
Randall Balmer says that the Statement was an attempt to "staunch the spread of biblical feminism in evangelical circles." Seth Dowland suggests that the authors of the statement "framed their position as a clear and accessible reading of scripture. 
The Danvers Statement is included in readers such as "Evangelicalism and Fundamentalism: A Documentary Reader" (NYU Press, 2008) and "Eve and Adam: Jewish, Christian, and Muslim readings on Genesis and gender" (Indiana University Press, 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="18511463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511463" title="Lorenzo Savioli">
Lorenzo Savioli

Lorenzo Savioli is a senior United Nations civil servant and the director of the Department of Control of Neglected Tropical Diseases at the World Health Organization Headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland.
An Italian national, he holds a medical doctor degree (1977), and two specializations (in tropical medicine, 1979 and in infectious diseases, 1985) from the University of Rome "La Sapienza". He further pursued his studies in the United Kingdom where he obtained a Master's degree in medical parasitology from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine and the Diploma in Tropical Medicine and Hygiene from the Royal College of Physicians.
In 1979 he moved to Zanzibar, Tanzania where he worked as a clinician and later as the public health officer responsible for controlling schistosomiasis and soil-transmitted helminthiasis on Pemba island. 
In 1991 he joined the United Nations and was assigned to the World Health Organization Headquarters in Geneva, where he led the "Programme on Intestinal Parasitic Infections", the "Schistosomiasis and Intestinal Parasites Unit" and the "Parasitic Diseases and Vector Control Unit". In 2005 he was appointed director of the newly-constituted "Department of Control of Neglected Tropical Diseases".
The recipient of several awards and distinctions, Savioli is a senior associate at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and a Fellow of the Islamic Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="18511465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511465" title="Law Ting Pong Secondary School">
Law Ting Pong Secondary School

Law Ting Pong Secondary School (LTPSS)(traditional Chinese:羅定邦中學)is a co-educational EMI school located in Tai Po, Hong Kong. It was founded in 1991 by the Law’s Foundation Limited and actively promoted her aims and educational philosophy. The school successfully gained support and recognition from parents, as reflected by the number of elite students enrolled in the school. In order to further pursue her educational ideals, LTPSS will be operated under the Direct Subsidy Scheme (DSS) from the academic year 2008/09 onwards.

</doc>
<doc id="18511469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511469" title="Herbarium Apuleii Platonici">
Herbarium Apuleii Platonici

Herbarium Apuleii Platonici depicts 131 plants with their synonymy and instructions for their use in medicines and was first published in 1481 at Monte Cassino near Rome by Johannes Philippus de Lignamine, a Sicilian courtier and physician to Pope Sixtus IV. This was the first printed work on plants having numerous illustrations and is generally termed the first printed illustrated herbal. The history of the work has been lost with the passage of time, leading to endless speculation on the identity of the author. In all probability 'Apuleius Platonicus' was a pseudonym of Lucius Apuleius of Madaura in Numidia born AD 124, while others writers refer to the him as Pseudo-Apuleius. A study of the book shows some of the plants being endemic to North Africa and lends support to the idea that the author was African. 
The images are controversial and while crude in appearance, have been seen by some critics as sophisticated though stylised Roman art. The diverse textures of the images led some scholars to claim that they are woodcuts, while others see evidence of metal cuts. The plates figure snakes and scorpions beside the plants when they are regarded as a cure for poisonous bites or stings.
The publication of this work inspired the zealous Mainz printer Peter Schöffer to produce a similar work. He finished his illustrated Latin herbal which he called "Herbarius Moguntinus" in 1484, in time for the Easter Fair in Frankfurt. It sold well, prompting a second herbal, the "Gart der Gesundheit", twelve months later. 

</doc>
<doc id="18511470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511470" title="Winding machine">
Winding machine

A winding machine or winder is a machine for wrapping string, twine, cord, thread, yarn, rope, wire, ribbon, tape, etc. onto a spool, bobbin, reel, etc.
In textiles.
Winders are used heavily in textile manufacturing, especially in preparation to weaving where the yarn is wound onto a bobbin and then used in a shuttle. Ball winders are another type of winder that wind the yarn up from skein form into balls. Ball winders are commonly used by knitters and occasionally spinners.
Mechanized winders.
Winders have a center roll (a bobbin, spool, reel, belt-winding shell, etc.) on which the material is wound up. Often there are metal bars that travel through the center of the roll, and are shaped according to their intended purpose. A circular bar facilitates greater speed, while a square bar provides a greater potential for torque. Edge sensors are used to sense how full the center roll is. They are mounted on adjustable slides to accommodate many different widths, as the width increases as the center roll is filled. The sensitivity of the sensor depends on the required speed of operation.
Types of winding machine.
Winding machines are classified based on the materials they are winding, some major types are
On the basis of working the winders are classified as follows
Available features.
Automatic splice initiation.
The benefits of automatic splicing add up to significantly increased productivity, greater quality control and reduced waste. It consists of a tail grabber and automatic diameter calculated splice initiation technique. The precision shear wheel and anvil mechanism guarantees a clean cut and no overlap. The splicing technique is divided into two major categories based on the type of joint, they are, Butt splicing where adhesives are used and Lap splicing:lap joint by means of applying heat and pressing it.
Web break detection.
Some winders have sensors built in to monitor the web (thread, wire, etc. that is being wound). There are three common types of sensors:
An optical sensor is placed above or under the web to be controlled. Standard sensors are not affected by dirt, steam or temperatures up to 160 degrees Celsius. Optical sensors work by sending a beam of light at the web, and seeing if the light is reflected or not.
Actuated knife cut-off.
It consists of a knife blade which is used to cut the web when the maximum roll diameter is reached. The knife blade is actuated either by means of pneumatic or electrical actuators.
Manual or automatic roll change.
The rolls had to be changed when the maximum roll diameter is reached this can be achieved either manually or automatically. The unit consists of a regulating circuit, which detects the web speed and speed of the carriage. The regulator sets the web speed and speed of the carriage by comparing the web tension with an adjustable web tension set point.

</doc>
<doc id="18511477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511477" title="1981–82 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1981–82 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1981–82 campaign was a fairly disappointing season for Town following nearly earning back-to-back promotions the previous season. They did however have a fairly good season in the FA Cup, reaching the fourth round, which definitely overshadowed the league season, in which Town only finished in 17th place.
Review.
Following the previous season's near miss, many fans were thinking that promotion would be just a formality for the season. The start, however, was very unsensational, with 4 draws and a loss in their first 5 league games. Their form did improve, but the season was mainly noted for the amount of career-ending injuries to Steve Kindon, Andy Rankin, Dick Taylor, Fred Robinson and Peter Fletcher. Even Steve Smith was called up for Town's FA Cup game against Workington.
Town's season seemed to be a battle against relegation back to Division 4, but results such as the thrashings of Reading by 6–1, Swindon Town by 5–1 and the 5–0 defeat of Bristol City, which seemed to guarantee Town's Division 3 status, near the end of May. Town finished with 57 points in the first season in which 3 points for a win was introduced, but a disappointing finishing position of 17th, would be a distant memory after next season's exploits.

</doc>
<doc id="18511489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511489" title="Forth and Clyde Canal Society">
Forth and Clyde Canal Society

The Forth and Clyde Canal Society is a waterway society on the Forth & Clyde Canal in the Lowlands of Scotland, UK, and was formed in 1980 to 'campaign for the Forth and Clyde's preservation, restoration and development'
According to the Forth and Clyde Canal Society's website, their current aim is:
The society currently has four boats which are used as trip-boats, charter vessels and for members cruises along the canal.

</doc>
<doc id="18511494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511494" title="Imbe Station">
Imbe Station


</doc>
<doc id="18511500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511500" title="Mvita Constituency">
Mvita Constituency

Mvita Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Mombasa County. The entire constituency is located within Mombasa municipality area. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18511506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511506" title="2008–09 Bolton Wanderers F.C. season">
2008–09 Bolton Wanderers F.C. season

The 2008–09 season was Bolton Wanderers 10th season in the Premier League, and their eighth consecutive season in the top division of English football and covers the period from 1 July 2008 to June 30, 2009. As they failed to win the Premier League 2008–09 title it was the 70th time that they have competed at the top level without winning the title, the most of any club.
The team kit for the 2008–09 season was produced by Reebok who were also the shirt sponsor. Unlike previous seasons, the new kit did not debut in the final home game of the 07–08 season. The new home kit is predominantly white with a blue upper third going over the shoulders. The new away kit is predominantly yellow with the same style over the shoulders, this time green. Due to no other club playing in a kit similar to the away design, no third choice kit was needed.
Pre-season.
Bolton signed Fabrice Muamba from relegated Birmingham City for £5m and broke the club transfer fee record to sign Johan Elmander from Toulouse FC for £8.2m in a deal which saw Daniel Braaten move the other way as a makeweight. Riga Mustapha and Danny Shittu were also signed for undisclosed figures. Both Iván Campo and Stelios Giannakopoulos did not have their contracts renewed, leading Campo to write a public letter to Bolton fans on a website, expressing his regret at not being able to say goodbye to them. He would later join Ipswich Town whilst Stelios joined Hull City. Andranik Teymourian also left on a free, joining Fulham, Abdoulaye Méïté joined recently promoted West Bromwich Albion for £2m and El Hadji Diouf made good his promise that he would leave the club by joining Sunderland for £2.6m.
Bolton kicked-off their pre-season programme by drawing 0–0 at local rivals Rochdale. Their next pre-season friendly, away to Tranmere Rovers was postponed due to a waterlogged pitch. A convincing 5–0 defeat of Doncaster Rovers by a mostly first team squad was followed the next day by a mostly reserve squad beating local team Chorley 2–0. Pre-season was completed by a mini-tour of Greece, drawing 1–1 against previous UEFA Cup opponents Aris Thessaloniki before losing to AEK Athens 1–0.
Premier League.
Bolton got off to a winning start in the league opener at the Reebok Stadium against newly promoted Stoke City on 16 August, Gretar Steinsson and Kevin Davies scoring before Johan Elmander scored a debut goal in a 3–1 victory.
A week later Bolton travelled to Newcastle United but left with a 1–0 defeat. This was followed four days later by a home 2–1 Carling Cup defeat to League One side Northampton Town, a result not helped by the sending off of Gary Cahill. Bolton's first goalless draw of the season followed when West Bromwich Albion visited The Reebok.
After an international break, Bolton returned to action by facing Fulham at Craven Cottage but performed poorly in another 2–1 defeat, Kevin Davies scoring late on. Davies scored again a week later when Arsenal visited the Reebok Stadium but it was not enough in a 3–1 defeat. A third consecutive defeat came at Premier League champions Manchester United, a converted penalty, given in controversial circumstances, one of the goals in a 2–0 defeat.
Bolton's second victory of the season came in the live game at West Ham on 4 October, Gary Cahill and a thirty five yard free kick from Matthew Taylor adding to Kevin Davies' fourth goal of the season. 
A week later the local derby against Blackburn brought Bolton their second goalless draw.
The first reported murmurings of discontent amongst the fans against the manager followed a 2–0 defeat at Tottenham Hotspur in Harry Redknapp's first game in charge of the home team on 26 October. and the team were jeered off after a last minute goal consigned them to another defeat on 29 October, 1–0 at home to Everton.
The pressure was eased somewhat with a 2–0 derby victory over Manchester City on 2 November, a Richard Dunne own-goal adding to Ricardo Gardner's first league goal in six years. The match marked Jussi Jääskeläinen's 400th game for the club. A second successive win followed the week after, 1–0 away at Hull City and although a 2–0 followed at home to Liverpool, two more victories away at Middlesbrough and Sunderland brought the manager his first manager of the month award in the Premier League.
Winning the award seemed to have a detrimental effect on the team as two successive defeats followed to high flying Chelsea and Aston Villa. The club's only victory of the month, 2–1 at home to Portsmouth was followed by two more defeats, a Boxing Day loss away to Liverpool and two days later at home to local rivals Wigan Athletic.
The New Year commenced with an early FA Cup defeat away to Sunderland. A week later Bolton held out for 84 minutes before losing 1–0 away at Arsenal. Another conceded late goal at home to Manchester United, this time in the 90th minute, made it four losses in a row but the run halted in the next game, a 2–2 draw away at Blackburn Rovers, now managed by former Bolton manager Sam Allardyce, although Bolton had been two goals up with half an hour left. A similar fate almost befell the team in the next home game against Tottenham Hotspur, Darren Bent scoring twice in two minutes to cancel out early goals from Sébastien Puygrenier and Kevin Davies. However, a late Davies goal gave Bolton their first win in more than a month.
The January transfer window saw three new players arrive and one player leave. Kevin Nolan, the team captain for three years, was sold to Newcastle United for £4,000,000. Kevin Davies replaced him as captain. Mark Davies arrived from Wolves for £1,200,000 and two loan signings, Puygrenier and Ariza Makukula arrived from Zenit St. Petersburg and Benfica respectively.
Due to international fixtures and the club's early departure from the FA Cup, only two games were played in February, a 3–0 away defeat to Everton and a 2–1 victory over West Ham, Bolton completing a double over the London side. Kevin Davies' goal in this game gave him his best ever goal haul for the season in league games in the top flight. He would go on to score twice more and finished the season as the club's leading marksman.
March saw four points collected, through a 1–0 victory over Newcastle United and a 1–1 draw at West Bromwich. These results bookended two successive defeats, a 2–0 away defeat to Stoke City and a 3–1 reverse to Fulham.
In April, a 4–1 win over Middlesbrough at the Reebok Stadium at the very beginning of the month would prove to be Bolton's last victory of the season. The week after, a visit to Chelsea saw Bolton recover from four goals down to almost snatch a draw, an injury time shot by Gary Cahill being cleared off the Chelsea line. A 1–0 result at Portsmouth was then followed by four successive draws stretching into May, Aston Villa, Sunderland and Hull City taking points at the Reebok whilst a local derby at Wigan Athletic. The season finished with a 1–0 derby defeat at Manchester City
Squad statistics.
Statistics accurate as of match played 24 May 2009

</doc>
<doc id="18511508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511508" title="Lessenich (Mechernich)">
Lessenich (Mechernich)

Lessenich is a small village at the northern rim of the Eifel hill chain. It belongs to the city of Mechernich in the district of Euskirchen.
Lessenich is situated in the centre of the triangle of Mechernich, Euskirchen und Bad Münstereifel. 
The roman Eifel Aqueduct to Cologne and the Bundesautobahn 1 both are along the villages area.
The three castles Burg Zievel, Burg Veynau and Burg Satzvey are in the villages surroundings.

</doc>
<doc id="18511510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511510" title="Kagato Station">
Kagato Station


</doc>
<doc id="18511525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511525" title="Osafune Station">
Osafune Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511528" title="1794 in France">
1794 in France

"See also:" 
1793 in France, 
1795 in France.
Events from the year 1794 in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18511548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511548" title="Oku Station (Okayama)">
Oku Station (Okayama)


</doc>
<doc id="18511557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511557" title="Ōdomi Station">
Ōdomi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18511558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511558" title="Adrian Power">
Adrian Power

Adrian Power (born 4 May 1988) is an Irish sportsperson. He plays both hurling and football with his local club Ballyduff Upper GAA and he plays hurling with the Waterford senior inter-county team.
Adrian has been a member of the Waterford Senior Panel since 2008 after a number of impressive performances in goal for both his local club Ballyduff Upper GAA as well as for Waterford Institute of Technology in the Fitzgibbon Cup where they won the competition in 2008.
Adrian is noted for his long puck outs having won the Waterford long puck competition 3 years in a row from 2006 to 2008 as well as representing Waterford in the national long puc competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18511563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511563" title="Sarawak surili">
Sarawak surili

The Sarawak surili (Presbytis chrysomelas) is a species of primate in the Cercopithecidae family. It is endemic to the southeast Asian island of Borneo, where it is distributed north of the Kapuas River in Kalimantan, Indonesia, the Malaysia states of Sarawak and Sabah, and in Brunei. Its taxonomy is complex and disputed, and it has been considered a subspecies of "P. femoralis" or "P. melalophos". The Sarawak Surili was formerly considered common, but has declined drastically due to persecution and habitat loss, and as of 2008 is only known from five sites with a combined population of 200–500 individuals. Consequently, it is believed to be one of the rarest primates in the world, and has been rated as Critically Endangered by IUCN.

</doc>
<doc id="18511574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511574" title="Saidaiji Station">
Saidaiji Station


</doc>
<doc id="18511581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511581" title="Ōdara Station">
Ōdara Station


</doc>
<doc id="18511591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511591" title="Higashi-Okayama Station">
Higashi-Okayama Station


</doc>
<doc id="18511592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511592" title="Miss World 1971">
Miss World 1971

Miss World 1971, the 21st edition of the Miss World pageant, was held on November 10, 1971 at Royal Albert Hall, London, United Kingdom. 56 contestants competed for the Miss World and Lúcia Petterle from Brazil won the crown of Miss World 1971. She was crowned by Miss World 1970, Jennifer Hosten of Grenada.

</doc>
<doc id="18511614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511614" title="Geoff Robinson">
Geoff Robinson

Geoff Robinson (born 14 December 1957 in Villawood, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league player for 
Canterbury-Bankstown in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition. Robinson primarily played at prop.
Playing career.
At 18, Robinson was graded by Canterbury from the Chester Hill Hornets in 1976. He made his first-grade debut against Eastern Suburbs on 28 May 1977.
Robinson stood out on the field with his long dark hair, bushy beard and socks around his ankles, he was renowned for his devastating runs at the line.
Robinson is a member of Canterbury-Bankstown's 1980 Premiership winning team in their 18–4 win over Eastern Suburbs and their 1984 Premiership win over Parramatta (6–4).
In 1985–1986, Robinson played 30 games in all competitions for Halifax as they won the Rugby Football League Championship before re-joining Canterbury in game 12 of the 1986 season.
Coaching career.
After retiring from first-grade at the end of 1986, Robinson went on to coach the Canterbury U-23 side to a premiership in 1991. Robinson was involved with the now defunct Chester Hill Rhinos, as coach, in the Jim Beam Cup fron 2007-2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18511615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511615" title="IIHF Centennial All-Star Team">
IIHF Centennial All-Star Team

The IIHF Centennial All-Star Team is an all-star team of hockey players from international ice hockey tournaments. The selection was organized by the International Ice Hockey Federation and named in 2008. The panel comprised 56 ice hockey experts from 16 countries representing a balance between North American and European countries, and included people who have worked in the game for an extended period and whose opinions are widely respected. One of the 56 votes represented the collective opinion of the staff of The Hockey News. No single voter's entire selection was the same as the final team.
All six players were already members of the IIHF Hall of Fame and all but Sergei Makarov are also enshrined in the Hockey Hall of Fame. All four Russians selected to the team played league hockey with CSKA Moscow, including three years (1978 to 1981) as teammates. 
Centennial All-Star Team.
The players selected:
Response.
The response to the selection was generally positive on both sides of the globe. The editors of "The Hockey News", which participated in the selection, said they were aware that many Canadians might not like the fact that there is only one player from Canada on the list, but they proclaimed the selection fair and said that much work had been done to make it objective. Canada's "National Post" completely supported the selection and even said: "With Wayne Gretzky, four Soviets and a Swede on the Centennial All-Star Team, it's a great one". Gregory Sandstrom, a Canadian working at the Saint Petersburg State University, said in "The St. Petersburg Times" that the Russian domination on the list was fair, and called on Canada to get revenge on Russia at the following Olympic Games -- a goal the national team would accomplish with their gold medal victory in 2010.
At the same time, there were some to criticize the selection for choosing only 5 players.

</doc>
<doc id="18511618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511618" title="Going On">
Going On

"Going On" is the second single taken from Gnarls Barkley's second studio album "The Odd Couple". It is played in an upbeat hip hop and blues style. The track is also featured on the video game NBA 2K9. It was nominated at the 2009 Grammy Awards for 'Best Pop Performance'. "Going On" uses a sample from the track "Folder Man" by Please. The sample is repeated throughout the song, and comes from 1:30-1:35 from the original song. The song is also featured in a 2010 FIFA World Cup commercial by Puma AG, entitled 'The Journey of Football', featuring the Ghanaian national football team. The single was only released on a promotional format.
Music video.
The music video was released on May 9, 2008. It was shot in Jamaica and revolves around a group of people celebrating the discovery of a door that leads to another dimension. Gnarls Barkley do not appear in the video, but one of the main characters does the lip-synching of the song for the first verse. After that, the lead male and female in the video carry the door to a distant field. They then watch as the door opens, revealing the portal. The video ends with the male going through the door, followed by the female; as she goes through, the words "Don't Follow Me" are shown on the screen.
The video was directed by Wendy Morgan - a music video and commercial director. The video draws stylistic inspiration from photographer Clayton James Cubitt's fashion series "Lagos Calling."
In July 2011, the music video was named one of "The 30 All-Time Best Music Videos" by "TIME Magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="18511628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511628" title="Vadim Ivanov">
Vadim Ivanov

Vadim Gennadyevich Ivanov () (born July 17, 1943 in Nizhny Tagil; died November 6, 1996 in Vologda) was a Soviet football player and a Russian coach.
International career.
Ivanov played his only game for USSR on April 28, 1971 in a friendly exhibition against Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="18511675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511675" title="Zero (Sapphire and Steel)">
Zero (Sapphire and Steel)

Zero is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the popular British science fiction television series "Sapphire & Steel".
Plot.
Silver and Gold have been assigned to fix a time anomaly on the space shuttle Aspirant.

</doc>
<doc id="18511677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511677" title="Holm (island)">
Holm (island)

"This page is a set index; for other uses of the term, see Holm (disambiguation)"
There are numerous islands containing the word Holm, especially in Scotland. In many cases the name is derived from the Old Norse "holmr", meaning "a small and rounded islet". These include:

</doc>
<doc id="18511694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511694" title="Levon Ishtoyan">
Levon Ishtoyan

Levon Arutyunovich Ishtoyan (, , born 31 of October 1947 in Gyumri, Soviet Union) is a retired Soviet football striker. He emigrated to the United States in the late 1980s and opened a private sportschool in Los Angeles in 2008 called Ishtoyan Soccer Academy.
International career.
Ishtoyan made his debut for USSR on September 18, 1971 in a friendly against India. He played in UEFA Euro 1972 qualifiers, but was not selected for the final tournament squad. He also played in a 1974 FIFA World Cup qualifier against France.

</doc>
<doc id="18511697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511697" title="WAIS (AM)">
WAIS (AM)

WAIS (770 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Talk/Personality format. WAIS licensed to serve the community of Buchtel, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Nelsonville TV Cable, Inc.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18511706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511706" title="List of nicknames of jazz musicians">
List of nicknames of jazz musicians

Nicknames are common among jazz musicians. Nicknames and sobriquets can also sometimes become stage names, and there are several cases of performers being known almost exclusively by their nicknames as opposed to their given names. Some of the most notable nicknames and stage names are listed here.
Although the term Jazz royalty exists for "Kings" and similar royal or aristocratic nicknames, there is a wide range of other terms, many of them obscure. Where the origin of the nickname is known, this is explained at each artist's corresponding article.

</doc>
<doc id="18511709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511709" title="Avard Longley">
Avard Longley

Avard Longley (February 22, 1823 – February 22, 1884) was a farmer, merchant and politician in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1859 to 1867 and again from 1874 to 1878 and represented Annapolis in the Canadian House of Commons from 1878 to 1882 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Paradise, Nova Scotia, the son of Asaph Longley and Dorcas Poole. In 1848, he married Hannah Maria Whitman. Longley married Charlotte Augusta Troop in 1855. Longley was first elected to the assembly in 1859 as a temperance advocate. He was commissioner of railways from 1864 to 1869. Longley helped found the Nova Scotia Fruit Growers' Association and served as its president from 1883 to 1884. He ran unsuccessfully for a federal seat in 1867 and 1872 and was defeated when he ran for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1871. Longley served on the board of governors for Acadia College from 1874 to 1884. Still a temperance advocate, while in Ottawa, he attempted to have the bar in the House of Commons closed permanently. Longley did not run for reelection in 1882 due to poor health. He died in Paradise at the age of 61.

</doc>
<doc id="18511723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511723" title="Waterway society">
Waterway society

A Waterway society is a society, association, charitable trust, club, trust or "Friends" group involved in the restoration, preservation, use and enjoyment of waterways, e.g. a canal, river, navigation or other waterway, and their associated buildings and structures, e.g. locks, tunnels, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18511733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511733" title="Hydrail">
Hydrail

Hydrail is the generic term denoting all forms of rail vehicles, large or small, which use on-board hydrogen as a source of energy to power the traction motors, or the auxiliaries, or both. Hydrail vehicles convert the chemical energy of hydrogen to mechanical energy either by burning hydrogen like in a hydrogen internal combustion engine vehicle, or by reacting hydrogen with oxygen in a fuel cell to run electric motors. Widespread use of hydrogen for fueling rail transportation is a key element of the proposed hydrogen economy. The term is now used extensively by research scholars and technicians around the world. However, no hydrail rail systems are currently in public use.
Hydrail vehicles are usually hybrid vehicles and also have renewable energy storage solutions like batteries or super capacitors, for regenerative braking, which improves efficiency and lowers the amount of hydrogen storage required. Potential hydrail applications include all types of rail transport, like commuter rail; passenger rail; freight rail; light rail; rail rapid transit; mine railways; industrial railway systems; trams; and special rail rides at parks and museums.
International Hydrail Conference.
Each year Appalachian State University and others organize an International Hydrail Conference, bringing together the scientists working on the technology around the world in order to expedite deployment of the technology for environmental, climate and energy security reasons. In 2010, the Sixth International Hydrail Conference was hosted in Istanbul, Turkey, by the United Nations Industrial Development Organization and the Turkish State Railways. Previous International Hydrail Conferences have been held in Herning, Denmark; Valencia, Spain; Charlotte, North Carolina; and Salisbury, North Carolina. Presenters at these conferences have included national and state/provincial agencies from the USA, Canada, Denmark, Italy, Japan, Korea, Russia, Turkey, the United Kingdom, the European Union and the United Nations (UNIDO-ICHET). At this writing, the 2011 Hydrail Conference is scheduled to be convened in Seoul, South Korea, hosted by the Korean Railway Research Institute. The United States Environmental Protection Agency has co-sponsored all three of the International Hydrail Conferences held in the USA.
Coining.
The term hydrail was coined on April 17, 2004 in the International Journal of Hydrogen Energy as a search engine target word to enable scholars and technicians around the world working in the hydrogen rail area to more easily publish and locate all work done in the discipline. 
A hydrolley is a streetcar or tram (trolley) using hydrail technology. The term (for "hydro"gen tro"lley") was coined at the Fourth International Hydrail Conference, Valencia, Spain, in 2008, as a research-simplifying search engine target word. Onboard hydrogen-derived power eliminates the need for trolley arms and overhead track electrification, reducing construction cost, visual pollution and maintenance expense. The term 'hydrolley' is preferred to 'hydrail light rail' or other combinations because of their connotation of external electrification.

</doc>
<doc id="18511734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511734" title="String Sextet (Dvořák)">
String Sextet (Dvořák)

Antonín Dvořák´s String Sextet in A major Op. 48, (B. 80) for two violins, two violas and two cellos was composed for the most part in May 1878. It was Dvořák's first work to be premiered outside Bohemia.
The period 1875-1879 was very important in Dvořák's life. The composer received a government grant in that time, and that enabled him to concentrate solely on composing. The sense of responsibility led Dvořák to hard and prolific work, and one of the results of his activity was the String Sextet.
Dvořák's German publisher Simrock offered the work to his friend and collaborator Joseph Joachim (famous violinist and leader of the string quartet), and he together with other artists performed the work privately on 19 July 1879. The composer was present and was very enchanted by the performance. The next day he wrote to his friend Alois Göbl: ""...Joachim waited with eagerness for my arrival and even organized a soirée for my sake. During the celebration they´ve played my new quartet and sextet. They played with great understanding and enthusiasm..."" Joachim and colleagues gave the public premiere of the work in Berlin on 9 November 1879. A few months later they also performed it in London.
The composition was published by Fritz Simrock in 1879; the critical edition of the work was printed in 1957.
Structure.
The composition consists of four movements:
The work was composed at the same time as the Slavonic Rhapsodies (Op. 45) and Slavonic Dances (Op. 46). Written in similar style, it can also be called "Slavonic". Two inner movements are partly stylisations of Dumka and partly of the folk Furiant. The first movement is written in the sonata form, and the last part is composed in the form of variations, in a soft, meditative mood.

</doc>
<doc id="18511735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511735" title="1996–97 Ukrainian Second League">
1996–97 Ukrainian Second League

Group A.
Note: 
Group B.
Note:
Legend:

</doc>
<doc id="18511741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511741" title="Publius Antistius">
Publius Antistius

Publius Antistius was a Roman senator in the 1st century BC. His daughter Antistia was the first wife of Pompey the Great. 
He was murdered in the Senate under suspicion of favoring Sulla for his son in law's sake. His wife committed suicide soon after.

</doc>
<doc id="18511745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511745" title="Graham Gristwood">
Graham Gristwood

Graham Gristwood is a British orienteering competitor and world champion.
Graham is a member of the Great Britain Orienteering Squad and also runs for IFK Lidingö SOK. In 2004 Graham made the senior World Champs team, which in 2006 came 9th in the World Championships in Denmark. He received a gold medal in the "relay event" at the 2008 World Orienteering Championships in Olomouc, together with Jon Duncan and Jamie Stevenson.
Born in 1984, Graham started orienteering before he could even walk, when his father would carry him!. Graham attended the Royal Grammar School, Guildford. Graham is currently a masters student at Sheffield Hallam University and runs for Sheffield University Orienteering Club. In 2010 he was part of the winning JK and Harvester relay teams.

</doc>
<doc id="18511758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511758" title="Agaho Station">
Agaho Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511766" title="Birds International">
Birds International

Birds International Incorporated or BII (not to be confused with BirdLife International, an environmental non-governmental organization and not affiliated with the short-lived quarterly publication "Birds International" by Joe Forshaw) is a company working in the field of aviculture established in 1975 by Antonio de Dios. It is located in Quezon City near Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Birds International functions as a research and breeding center especially for endangered species of exotic birds. The company thus uses the sub-title "Avicultural Park & Research Centre." It is the largest captive bird breeding facility in the world also regarded by many to be the best. The company especially specializes in and is most notable for parrot production and therefore is also referred to as a parrot breeding facility. It is reputed to have the largest parrot collection in the world.
According to the website "Zoos of the World" Birds International has a total area of six hectares hosting 6,000 animals from 198 species only one being a mammal and the rest birds. The number of staff is 167. The facilities are not open to the public. The location of Birds International is suitable since the tropical climate of Philippines is conducive to the breeding and propagation of exotic birds.
Commercial operations.
Birds International provides captive-bred birds to pet lovers, hobbyist, zoos and parks. 
The company is evaluated to be "the biggest and most successful breeder of exotic birds in the world". It has 20,000 exotic birds at any given time. Most of them are exported to Asia, Europe and Japan. Prices can be high, for instance US$500–1,000 for a Blue-and-gold Macaw making Birds International a successful business venture and thus a model for similar enterprises.
It has also been pointed out as a model for aviculture industry in Australia where, as in the Philippines, commercial trade in native exotic birds has existed for decades. In the Senate report titled "Commercial Utilisation of Australian Native Wildlife" an entire paragraph is set apart for Birds International experience based on a submission: "As an example of the potential for expansion, Ms Anderson noted that an avicultural enterprise in Manila, 'Birds International' which houses six thousand birds on a property, breeds to order large quantities of birds for overseas markets. They retain 15 per cent of stock bred each year for future breeding. Ms Anderson believes that 'similar establishments could be developed in Australia to house specifically Australian species of birds and the benefit to the Australian economy in terms of trade would be substantial'. Flow-on effects could include a boost to domestic markets for birds and a rejuvenated interest in breeding birds in captivity which could assist the recovery of rare species in the wild." Indeed G. R. Wilson mentions "some international competitors such as Birds International" as a source of "considerable competition when they target markets with low animal-health standards" in his entry on trade in native birds in the "The New Rural Industries" handbook of the Australian Rural Industries Research and Development Corporation.
The company carries out activities other than breeding and sales of birds. These include veterinary and quarantine services and aviary and cage construction. The veterinary clinic received attention in 2002 for carrying out surgery on a -tall Philippine eagle ("Pithecophaga jefferyi"), a rare, almost extinct animal, rescued by the authorities after being wounded by a bullet and named "Amianan". The animal eventually died of a fungal infection and was stuffed.
Birds bred.
The birds bred by Birds International are usually from the species that are threatened in the wild due to illegal poaching and forest destruction. Initially it bred parrots only; but the production line today includes other birds such as Asian doves, hornbills, gallinaceous birds, cranes, and flamingos.
The species are marked either by open/closed leg-band or by microchip implant. Microchips are used for specimens with body weights over .
Spix's Macaw.
Even though the company is breeding many endangered species "it has had exceptional success with the production of the Spix's Macaw" ("Cyanopsitta spixii", also known as the Little Blue Macaw), a species that has become extinct in the wild in 2000 after the last known male disappeared according to "Instituto Brasileiro do Meio Ambiente e dos Recursos Naturais Renováveis" (IBAMA, Brazilian Institute of Environment and Renewable Natural Resources in English).
Birds International participated in the Permanent Committee for the Recovery of the Spix's Macaw, called CPRAA, established by IBAMA in 1990 and its the Ararinha Azul Project (Little Blue Macaw Project). Other participants included BirdLife International, WWF-Brazil and the American Federation of Aviculture and most of the funding came from IBAMA and the Fundación Loro Parque (Loro Parque Foundation ) of Spain. Birds International became a party to CPRAA only when the government of Fernando Collor de Mello granted an amnesty to all private owners of the Spix's Macaw to boost the conservation efforts.
Several exchanges of birds were made between institutions and individuals for increasing the probability of breeding based on DNA analysis as part of the program. Birds International's efforts turned out to be the most successful: "Dr. Hammerli was the first aviculturist to produce young Spix's macaws in 1984, however, Antonio de Dios has had the most successful breeding results at Birds International. This collection has achieved a second generation breeding, a real breakthrough for the future survival of this species." Birds International also facilitated the transfer of birds from São Paulo Zoo to Loro Parque for breeding by donating two young males to the former as the transfer that would leave the Zoo with a single crippled male was politically unpopular. It also gave another captive-bred female to the Chaparral facility in Recife, Brazil to replace the mate of their male that was left to the wilderness with the hope that it would mate with the last known male. However Natasha Schischakin, who is critical of Antonio de Dios, states that "The owner of BII, Antonio de Dios offered to donate these birds to the reintroduction effort, but only with the establishment of rigorous protocols and involvement of his staff in the reintroduction program." 
In 2001 two pairs of Spix's Macaws were transferred from Birds International to Al Wabra Wildlife Preservation (AWWP) in Qatar. In 2003 and 2004 the entire remaining 25-strong population of the birds in Birds International was transferred to AWWP making its collection the largest population of the species in the world. Low yield of breeding since 1999 and the threat posed by avian influenza in its environment were behind the decision of Birds International to transfer the ownership of the birds. The transfer of birds to AWWP has been a source of controversy leading to the dissolution of CPRAA. Tony Juniper who has been involved in the efforts to save the Spix's Macaw has harshly criticized the private holders of the birds including Birds International; because he believes that reintroduction of the Spix's to its natural habitat is more important than captive breeding.
Other species.
According to Roger Bringas and Sheldon Dingle from the American Federation of Aviculture who visited the facility, "some of BII's other notable successes have been breeding and hand rearing the Pesquet's Parrot, the Black Palm Cockatoo, the Guaiabero Parrot and Victoria Crowned Pigeons to name but a few". 
Marc Boussekey of Espace Zoologique, France, has observed that the Red-vented Cockatoo population of the company is "healthy and really well maintained" (Boussekey also covers Birds International among other parrot breeding facilities in a scientific article). Antonio de Dios has made a publication about their protocol for the species.
Affiliations.
Relations with CITES.
Birds International is registered under Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, better known with its abbreviation CITES. It is one of the 164 operations in the world and two operations in the Philippines placed in "Register of operations that breed Appendix-I
animal species for commercial purposes", shortly referred to as "Register of captive-breeding operations." Birds International's registration covers the species "Cacatua haematuropygia" and "Guarouba guarouba" making it the only CITES registered operation for both of them.
Birds International also follows the meetings of CITES. It has participated to the Fourteenth meeting of the Conference of the Parties held in the Hague, Netherlands in 2007 and the Twenty-third meeting of the Animals Committee held in Geneva, Switzerland as an observer.
The company presented eight proposals for the registration of some of its bird breeding operations to the CITES Secretariat in 2006 and 2007. The proposals were discussed at various CITES meetings. During the Fourteenth meeting of the Conference of the Parties all of its requests for registration were rejected based on the grounds that the birds in question were not native to Philippines and the company could not verify the legality of its acquirement of their breeding stocks. However the vote was a close one, members of the European Union supporting registration and some countries that are the homelands of birds in question objecting. Had the request been approved Birds International would have been able to commercially trade the following birds: Goffin's cockatoo of Indonesia, yellow crowned Amazon parrot of Central and South America, yellow headed Amazon parrot of Central America, red crowned Amazon parrot of Mexico, hyacinth macaw of Brazil, blue-throated macaw and red fronted macaw of Bolivia and the military macaw of Central and South America.
Others.
The organisation also co-operates with "Fundacao Biodiversitas" and "Instituto Brasileiro to Meio Ambiente e dos Recursos Naturais Renovaveis" from Brazil, International Union for the Conservation of Nature (also known as World Conservation Union), its Species Survival Commission and TRAFFIC Sudamerica.
Its local affiliations include Manila Zoo, National Museum of the Philippines, Protected Areas and Wildlife Bureau and Philippine Council for Agricultural Forestry and Natural Resources Research and Development.

</doc>
<doc id="18511770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511770" title="Harima-Katsuhara Station">
Harima-Katsuhara Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511772" title="Srizbi botnet">
Srizbi botnet

The Srizbi botnet, also known by its aliases of Cbeplay and Exchanger, is the world's largest or second-largest botnet depending on expert reports, and is responsible for sending out more than half of all the spam being sent by all the major botnets combined. The botnets consist of computers infected by the Srizbi trojan, which sends spam on command. The botnet suffered a significant setback in November 2008 when hosting provider McColo was taken down; global spam volumes reduced by up to 75% as a result of this action.
Size.
The size of the Srizbi botnet is estimated to be around 450,000 compromised machines, with estimation differences being smaller than 5% among various sources. The botnet is reported to be capable of sending around 60 billion spam messages a day, which is more than half of the total of the approximately 100 billion spam messages sent every day. As a comparison, the highly publicized Storm botnet only manages to reach around 20% of the total amount of spam sent during its peak periods.
The Srizbi botnet is showing a relative decline after an aggressive growth in the amount of spam messages sent out in mid-2008. As of 13 July, the botnet is believed to be responsible for roughly 40% of all the spam on the net, a sharp decline from the almost 60% share in May.
Origins.
The earliest reports on Srizbi trojan outbreaks were around June 2007, with small differences in detection dates across antivirus software vendors. However, reports indicate that the first released version had already been assembled on 31 March 2007. There is no sign of decline in the number of bots involved in the botnet.
The Srizbi botnet by some experts is considered the second largest botnet of the Internet. However, there is controversy surrounding the Kraken botnet. , it may be that Srizbi is the largest botnet.
Spread and botnet composition.
The Srizbi botnet consists of computers which have been infected by the Srizbi trojan horse. This trojan horse is deployed onto its victim computer through the Mpack malware kit. Past editions have used the "n404 web exploit kit" malware kit to spread, but this kit's usage has been deprecated in favor of Mpack.
The distribution of these malware kits is partially achieved by utilizing the botnet itself. The botnet has been known to send out spam containing links to fake videos about celebrities, which include a link pointing to the malware kit. Similar attempts have been taken with other subjects such as illegal software sales and personal messages. Apart from this self-propagation, the MPack kit is also known for much more aggressive spreading tactics, most notably the compromise of about 10,000 websites in June 2007. These domains, which included a surprising number of pornographic websites, ended up forwarding the unsuspecting visitor to websites containing the MPack program.
Once a computer becomes infected by the trojan horse, the computer becomes known as a zombie, which will then be at the command of the controller of the botnet, commonly referred to as the botnet herder. The operation of the Srizbi botnet is based upon a number of servers which control the utilization of the individual bots in the botnet. These servers are redundant copies of each other, which protects the botnet from being crippled in case a system failure or legal action takes a server down. These servers are generally placed in countries such as Russia, where law enforcement against digital crime is limited.
Reactor Mailer.
The server-side of the Srizbi botnet is handled by a program called "Reactor Mailer", which is a Python-based web component responsible for coordinating the spam sent out by the individual bots in the botnet. Reactor Mailer has existed since 2004, and is currently in its third release, which is also used to control the Srizbi botnet. The software allows for secure login and allows multiple accounts, which strongly suggests that access to the botnet and its spam capacity is sold to external parties (Software as a service). This is further reinforced by evidence showing that the Srizbi botnet runs multiple batches of spam at a time; blocks of IP addresses can be observed sending different types of spam at any one time. Once a user has been granted access, he or she can utilize the software to create the message they want to send, test it for its SpamAssassin score and after that send it to all the users in a list of email addresses.
Suspicion has arisen that the writer of the Reactor Mailer program might be the same person responsible for the Srizbi trojan, as code analysis shows a code fingerprint that matches between the two programs. If this claim is indeed true, then this coder might well be responsible for the trojan behind another botnet, named Rustock. According to Symantec, the code used in the Srizbi trojan is very similar to the code found in the Rustock trojan, and could well be an improved version of the latter.
Srizbi trojan.
The Srizbi trojan is the client side program responsible for sending the spam from infected machines. The trojan has been credited with being extremely efficient at this task, which explains why Srizbi is capable of sending such high volumes of spam without having a huge numerical advantage in the number of infected computers.
Apart from having an efficient spam engine, the trojan is also very capable in hiding itself from both the user and the system itself, including any products designed to remove the trojan from the system. The trojan itself is fully executed in kernel mode and has been noted to employ rootkit technologies to prevent any form of detection. By patching the NTFS file system drivers, the trojan will make its files invisible for both the operating system and any human user utilizing the system. The trojan is also capable of hiding network traffic it generates by directly attaching NDIS and TCP/IP drivers to its own process, a feature currently unique for this trojan. This procedure has been proven to allow the trojan to bypass both firewall and sniffer protection provided locally on the system.
Once the bot is in place and operational, it will contact one of the hardcoded servers from a list it carries with it. This server will then supply the bot with a zip file containing a number of files required by the bot to start its spamming business. The following files have been identified to be downloaded:
When these files have been received, the bot will first initialize a software routine which allows it to remove files critical for revealing spam and rootkit applications. 
Incidents.
The Srizbi botnet has been the basis for several incidents which have received media coverage. Several of the most notable ones will be described below here. This is by no means a complete list of incidents, but just a list of the major ones.
The "Ron Paul" incident.
In October 2007, several anti-spam firms noticed an unusual political spam campaign emerging. Unlike the usual messages about counterfeit watches, stocks, or penis enlargement, the mail contained promotional information about United States presidential candidate Ron Paul. The Ron Paul camp dismissed the spam as being not related to the official presidential campaign. A spokesman told the press: "If it is true, it could be done by a well-intentioned yet misguided supporter or someone with bad intentions trying to embarrass the campaign. Either way, this is independent work, and we have no connection."
The spam was ultimately confirmed as having come from the Srizbi network. Through the capture of one of the control servers involved, investigators learned that the spam message had been sent to up to 160 million email addresses by as few as 3,000 bot computers. The spammer has only been identified by his Internet handle "nenastnyj" ("Ненастный", means "rainy" or "foul", as in "rainy day, foul weather" in Russian); his or her real identity has not been determined.
Malicious spam tripling volumes in a week.
In the week from 20 June 2008 Srizbi managed to triple the amount of malicious spam sent from an average 3% to 9.9%, largely due to its own effort. This particular spam wave was an aggressive attempt to increase the size of the Srizbi botnet by sending emails to users which warned them that they had been videotaped naked. Sending this message, which is a kind of spam referred to as "Stupid Theme", was an attempt to get people to click the malicious link included in the mail, before realizing that this message was most likely spam. While old, this social engineering technique remains a proven method of infection for spammers.
The size of this operation shows that the power and monetary income from a botnet is closely based upon its spam capacity: more infected computers translate directly into greater revenue for the botnet controller. It also shows the power botnets have to increase their own size, mainly by using a part of their own strength in numbers.
Server relocation.
After the removal of the control servers hosted by McColo in late November 2008, the control of the botnet was transferred to servers hosted in Estonia. This was accomplished through a mechanism in the trojan horse that queried an algorithmically generated set of domain names, one of which was registered by the individuals controlling the botnet. The United States computer security firm FireEye, Inc. kept the system out of the controllers' hands for a period of two weeks by preemptively registering the generated domain names but was not in a position to sustain this effort. However the spamming activity was greatly reduced after this control server transfer.

</doc>
<doc id="18511783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511783" title="Aboshi Station">
Aboshi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511786" title="Ronnie Shade">
Ronnie Shade

Ronald David Bell Mitchell "Ronnie" Shade MBE (1938- 10 September 1986) was a Scottish professional golfer.
Shade was born in Edinburgh and grew up playing golf at Dudddingston Golf Club in that city. He enjoyed unrivalled success as an amateur player in the 1960s, winning five consecutive Scottish Amateur Championships from 1963 to 1967 (Shade had also lost in the final in 1962). In 1966, he also finished as leading individual player at the Eisenhower Trophy, as leading amateur in The Open Championship, and reached the final of the British Amateur Championship, losing to Bobby Cole. He represented Britain and Ireland in the Walker Cup on four occasions (1961 to 1967 inclusive), and was three times winner of the English Amateur Open Strokeplay Championship (the Brabazon Trophy). Shade's amateur golf success was all the more noteworthy, since he came from a working class background, and during that era British amateur golf was the preserve of the well-to-do.
Shade was awarded the MBE as an amateur, and decided to turn professional at the relatively late age of 30. Often referred to by fellow players as "Right Down the Bloody Middle", a nickname based on his initials and his exceptional accuracy, he did not enjoy as many victories as a professional as his amateur record might have foretold, although he won the Carroll's International in 1969, in his rookie season, and represented Scotland at the World Cup in 1970, 1971 and 1972. His strength at match play golf remained proven, however; he was runner-up at the British PGA Matchplay Championship in 1970, and was a semi-finalist on two further occasions.
Shade died in Edinburgh after a long illness.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
"T" = tied<br>
LA = low amateur<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
Team appearances.
"this list may be incomplete"
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="18511788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511788" title="Anne Mackenzie (writer)">
Anne Mackenzie (writer)

Anne Mackenzie (died 1877) was a 19th-century British writer, editor for thirty one years of the missionary magazine "The Net Cast in Many Waters: Sketches from the Life of Missionaries", published in London from 1866 to 1896. Mackenzie was the unmarried sister of Charles Frederick Mackenzie (1825–1862), Anglican priest and bishop of British Central Africa. 
She spent some time teaching at mission schools in South Africa before joining the Zambesi Mission of the Universities' Mission to Central Africa, which was led by her brother. After his death she returned to England, where she edited the monthly magazine "The Net Cast in Many Waters". In memory of her brother, this had a special interest in missions in Zululand, but also covered other Anglican missions, especially those run by the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel.
She was the author of a "Life of Henrietta Robertson", wife of the chaplain of the garrison of Fort-Etchowe, and other works.

</doc>
<doc id="18511797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511797" title="Tatsuno Station (Hyōgo)">
Tatsuno Station (Hyōgo)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511805" title="Une Station">
Une Station


</doc>
<doc id="18511818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511818" title="Chapman Biddle">
Chapman Biddle

Chapman Biddle (January 22, 1822 – December 29, 1880) was a member of the prominent Biddle family of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, who rose to fame as an officer in the Union Army in the American Civil War. He commanded a brigade of infantry at the Battle of Gettysburg.
Early life.
Chapman Biddle was born in Pennsylvania on January 22, 1822, and was educated in Philadelphia. He studied law, passed his bar exam, and established a private practice before the outbreak of the war.
Civil War.
Biddle was commissioned colonel of the 121st Pennsylvania Regiment, which was organized in Philadelphia. The regiment was mustered into the service on September 1, 1862, and joined the Army of the Potomac in October. It was held in reserve at the time of the Battle of Antietam; but it served at the Battle of Fredericksburg alongside the Pennsylvania Reserves, losing 149 casualties in an attack on the Confederate right flank. Biddle participated in the Battle of Chancellorsville in the Third Division of I Corps.
Biddle assumed command of the 1st Brigade, 3rd Division before the Battle of Gettysburg began on July 1, 1863. The assignment of Maj. Gen. John F. Reynolds as commander of the army’s left wing led to acting promotion of brigade commander Brig. Gen. Thomas A. Rowley to command of the division while Maj. Gen. Abner Doubleday led the corps. Colonel Biddle led the four regiments of the brigade in the first day’s fighting on McPherson's Ridge and the subsequent withdrawal to Cemetery Ridge. His report on the first day’s fighting describes the brigade’s fighting as taking place under heavy artillery fire. When the brigade was flanked by Confederate infantry, Biddle led an unsuccessful counterattack. Later he received a head wound from a spent Minié ball when Col. Abner Perrin's brigade attacked the brigade's fall-back position on Seminary Ridge. Biddle had his head bandaged, and then returned to his troops.
Returning to his regiment on July 2, after Rowley resumed brigade command, Biddle participated in the repulse of Pickett's Charge. By the end of the battle, only 84 of 263 soldiers were left in the ranks. Biddle played no role in the court-martial of General Rowley for being drunk on the field at Gettysburg. In fact, he never referred to Rowley's role in the battle in anything he wrote during or after the war.
Biddle led the 121st Pennsylvania though most of the summer and autumn of 1863, including most of the Bristoe Campaign and the Mine Run Campaign, before being discharged on December 10, 1863. His head wound, received at Gettysburg, eventually led to Biddle's departure from active service. His old regiment remained in service to the end of the war, being mustered out on June 2, 1865.
Postbellum activities.
After leaving the army, Biddle was a counsel serving the administration of Philadelphia. He was involved in creating the city’s Fairmount Park. He also published an account of the first day of the battle of Gettysburg a few months before his death. In it he makes no mention of the Rowley court martial.
Chapman Biddle died on December 29, 1880, and was buried in the churchyard of Church of St. James the Less in Philadelphia.
A brigade tablet for Biddle’s brigade stands alongside Reynolds Avenue in the section of the Gettysburg National Military Park on McPherson’s Ridge.
References.
Historical Society of Pennsylvania, on the 8th of March, 1880", Philadelphia: Lippincott, 1880.[http://books.google.com/books?hl=en&id=NDAOAAAAIAAJ&dq=chapman+biddle&printsec=frontcover&source=web&ots=rkK2kRn-b1&sig=F-SvRNWsb5TNjJ0XBShVLXp1UkY&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=1&ct=result]

</doc>
<doc id="18511823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511823" title="John Harris (critic)">
John Harris (critic)

John Rhys Harris (born 1969) is a British journalist, writer, and critic. He is the author of "The Last Party: Britpop, Blair and the Demise of English Rock" (2003), "So Now Who Do We Vote For?" which examined the 2005 UK general election, a 2006 behind-the-scenes look at the production of Pink Floyd's "The Dark Side Of The Moon," and "Hail! Hail! Rock'n'Roll" (2009). His articles have appeared in "Q", "Mojo", "Rolling Stone", "The Independent", the "New Statesman", "The Times", and "The Guardian."
Early life.
Harris was raised in Wilmslow in north Cheshire by a university lecturer in nuclear engineering and a teacher, the daughter of a nuclear research chemist. He became fixated by pop music at an early age.
He attended the comprehensive Wilmslow County High School (at the same time as members of the band the Doves), then went to Loreto College, Manchester, a Roman Catholic sixth form college between the University of Manchester and Old Trafford. He applied to study Modern History at Keble College, Oxford, but was rejected, and claimed that his membership of left-wing organisations had not won him many favours with such a traditional and conservative college. He spent three years studying Philosophy, Politics and Economics at The Queen's College, Oxford between 1989 and 1992.
Media career.
In 1991, Harris joined "Melody Maker". Between 1993 and the summer of 1995, Harris wrote for "NME". And in 1995, Harris was named editor of "Select" magazine after a brief stint with "Q".
In 1995, Harris resumed his career as a freelance writer, writing about pop music, politics, and a variety of other subjects. His articles have appeared in "Q", "Mojo", "Rolling Stone", "The Independent", the "New Statesman", "The Times", and "The Guardian."
He believes Britpop was a shining moment for the UK's music industry, and possibly the end of an era, with (manufactured) music now deliberately catering for the lowest common denominator. He presented a BBC4 documentary on the musical movement, "The Britpop Story".
In addition to writing, Harris often appears on television programmes concerned with late 80s/early 90s British pop music as well as being a regular pundit on BBC2's "Newsnight Review".
Harris has written four books:
Personal life.
He lives in Hay on Wye, Powys, near the Wales-England border and occasionally makes guest appearances on BBC Radio Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="18511834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511834" title="Kamigōri Station">
Kamigōri Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West
!colspan=5|Chizu Express

</doc>
<doc id="18511844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511844" title="Mitsuishi Station (Okayama)">
Mitsuishi Station (Okayama)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511845" title="Vladimir Kazachyonok">
Vladimir Kazachyonok

Vladimir Aleksandrovich Kazachyonok (; born September 6, 1952 in Kolpino) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Russian coach.
International career.
Kazachyonok made his debut for USSR on December 1, 1976 in a friendly against Brazil. He also played in a UEFA Euro 1980 qualifier against Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="18511853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511853" title="Yoshinaga Station">
Yoshinaga Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511864" title="Track gauge in Estonia">
Track gauge in Estonia

Estonia mainly uses a track gauge of (Russian gauge), inherited from the Russian Empire times. Since Soviet Union converted relatively late from , there are still some sections of left. They will be converted to when the tracks are renovated. 
Tallinn has tram with .
Historically Estonia had narrow gauge installations.
There has been a proposal from the EU to build a standard gauge railway from Tallinn to Warsaw, the Rail Baltica. For cost reasons the current plans only see an upgrade of the existing Russian gauge railway to Lithuania over Riga, a new railway through Lithuania, and upgrade through Poland. It will have standard gauge only south of Kaunas, Lithuania, not in Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18511867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511867" title="Wake Station">
Wake Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511872" title="Chuckery (disambiguation)">
Chuckery (disambiguation)

Chuckery can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18511873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511873" title="Vladimir Timoshenko">
Vladimir Timoshenko

Vladimir Semyonovich Timoshenko () (born 26 May 1943) is a career diplomat and is a former ambassador of the Russian Federation to Benin.
In December 2002, Timoshenko was appointed as Ambassador of Russia to Benin, with concurrent accreditation to Togo, and held this appointment until his retirement on 30 June 2008.
Timoshenko speaks Russian, English, French and Ukrainian.

</doc>
<doc id="18511884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511884" title="Kumayama Station">
Kumayama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18511903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511903" title="Mantomi Station">
Mantomi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18511909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511909" title="The Wellingtons">
The Wellingtons

The Wellingtons are a power pop band from Melbourne, Australia. The band has released four albums, including ""Keeping Up With The Wellingtons"" (2005), ""For Friends in Far Away Places"" (2006), ""Heading North For the Winter"" (2008) and ""In Transit"" (2011).
Line up.
The current band line-up is:
Past Members: Steph Hughes, Matt Kulesza, Steve Thomas, Lee Daniel, Amy Walters, Tosh Sanada
Early releases.
Following the release of ""Keeping Up With The Wellingtons"" in 2005, the band toured the United States. This provided strong sales of the debut album in Japan (through imported sales from Australia) and consequently Japanese label This Time Records signed the band for the release of the album. This led to the band's first Japanese tour in 2006. 
Songs from the first album were used in US channel CBS's show "How I Met Your Mother" and in a variety of Japanese television commercials.
Further releases.
The band's second album, ""For Friends in Far Away Places"" followed in 2006, again being released first in Japan and in Australia a few months later. 
2008's ""Heading North for the Winter"" was again released in Japan first on (ThisTime Records) and was subsequently released in Spain (Rock Indiana), the U.K (Lojinx), the US (Zip Records) and Australia (Dust Devil Music).
Their fourth album ""In Transit"" was released in Japan (ThisTime Records) in July 2011 and is scheduled to be released in Spain (Rock Indiana) and the US (Zip Records) in September/October 2011, with an Australian release to be confirmed. In support of this album, the band will commence a 5 week tour of Japan, Spain, Italy, the UK and the US in September 2011.
The bands biggest songwriting influences include Weezer, Elvis Costello, Cheap Trick, Ben Folds, The Lemonheads and Fountains Of Wayne.

</doc>
<doc id="18511911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511911" title="Gilbert Tailboys, 1st Baron Tailboys of Kyme">
Gilbert Tailboys, 1st Baron Tailboys of Kyme

Gilbert Tailboys or Talboys, 1st Baron Tailboys of Kyme (c.1497/8 - 30 April 1530) was an English courtier and Member of Parliament during the reign of Henry VIII of England.
Life.
He was only son of Sir George Talboys (1467–1538), by Elizabeth, daughter of Sir William Gascoigne. Gilbert's parents were married after 14 November 1496, making Gilbert as the eldest son born around 1497 or 1498. In 1520 when he married Elizabeth Blount he was therefore around twenty three. George Talboys was keeper of Harbottle Castle in 1509, and served in the French war in 1513. George Talboys became insane in March 1517, and was placed under the charge of Cardinal Wolsey. In February 1530–1, being then described as a ‘lunatic,’ he was given into the custody of the Duke of Norfolk, and he did not die until 21 September 1538.
Gilbert, his eldest son, came to court under Wolsey's protection. He married, before 18 June 1522, Elizabeth Blount (Bessie), daughter of Sir John Blount of Kinlet, Shropshire, and mistress of Henry VIII. In 1522, when the King had finished his relationship with Bessie Blount, Tailboys was chosen as a suitable husband for her, probably through his family's links to Cardinal Wolsey, who was then the King's chief minister. Bessie had borne the King his only acknowledged illegitimate child, Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset, a possible heir to the throne.
Gilbert Talboys and his wife had a grant of Rokeby, Warwickshire, in 1522, and in 1523 they received lands in Yorkshire under an act of parliament. In March 1527 he was one of the gentlemen of the king's chamber. He was appointed High Sheriff of Lincolnshire for 1526–27 and was returned as one of the members for Lincolnshire to the parliament which met on 3 November 1529. He was soon after created Baron Talboys of Kyme and took his seat on 1 December, but died on 15 April 1530. He was buried in Kyme church, where his memorial tablet still exists.
Family.
By his wife, Elizabeth Blount, Tailboys had three children:

</doc>
<doc id="18511917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511917" title="Miša Aleksić">
Miša Aleksić

Miroslav "Miša" Aleksić (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирослав-Миша Алексић) is a Serbian musician, best known as the bass guitarist for the Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba.
Biography.
Miša Aleksić started his career in 1970 as the bass guitarist and vocalist for the band Royali. In 1970 the band won second place at the contest organized by editors of Radio Belgrade show "Veče uz radio". In 1971 Aleksić went to United States of America where he graduated at Pikesville High School. With other students he formed rockabilly band Shih-Muh-Fuh (abbreviation from Shit Motherfucker). Influenced by the music of Grand Funk Railroad, Deep Purple and Led Zeppelin, after returning to Yugoslavia, Aleksić formed SOS with Dragan Štulović (guitar), Dragan Tasić (guitar) and Stevan Stevanović (drums). After Tasić left the band SOS continued performing as a trio. In 1977 Štulović and Stevanović left the band and were replaced by Rajko Kojić and Vicko Milatović. In 1978 Aleksić, Kojić and Milatović formed Riblja Čorba with a former Rani Mraz member Bora Đorđević.
During his career Aleksić wrote songs for Zdravko Čolić, Biljana Petrović, Jazzy Bell, Milorad Mandić and Run Go. He is also an album producer, and has produced, alongside part of Riblja Čorba albums, Warriors, Jazzy Bell, Minđušari, Bora Đorđević, Run Go and Prozor albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18511919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511919" title="Michele Cossato">
Michele Cossato

Michele Cossato (born April 28, 1970 in Milan) is an Italian former professional footballer who now plays as a striker for Domegliara, a team that competes in Serie D of the Italian Championship. He is the brother of Federico Cossato.
His first achievements in football took place in Verona, where he grew up. He played in the Veronese teams Chievo Verona and Hellas Verona.
The early years.
Michele's long football career began in the football season of 1986–1987, when, although he was still very young, he joined A.C. ChievoVerona. During that year the team moved down to the lower series, C2. He was then sold to Valdagno, to get experience in playing for the Interregional Championship (the current Serie D). With the team of Vicenza he scored 4 goals in 19 matches. In the 1988–1989 Championship he returned to Chievo, and was part of the team's most triumphant season (which resulted in their promotion to C1). In the summer of 1990 he was lent to Oltrepò and then to Perugia Calcio, in C1. In the 8 matches he played, no goals were scored. In the season 1991–1992 the Chievo decided to keep the player, whose season has unfortunately not been memorable: in fact, he played 3 matches without scoring a goal.
Chievo.
The C1 Championship 1992–1993 enshrines the aging football of Cossato, who is noted by scoring 5 goals in 25 matches. The following season, with its 8 goals in 28 matches, gives a fundamental contribution to the promotion of Chievo in B. In the three years as a cadet played for Chievo, he confirmed himself as a prolific striker (28 goals scored in 104 matches). Become a key player for the team, he meant salvation for his team in 1994 and in 1995 as well. In the 1996–1997 season, the one in which Chievo almost got a promotion in A, he established along with Raffaele Cerbone one of several pairs of the League (32 total goals). At the end of the season he left Chievo, together with the trainer Malesani, another big maker of the then excellent championship team.
Promotion and difficulty.
After the long and successful period with Chievo, Cossato went to Venice, which strongly fought to obtain the promotion in Series A. The promotion is very positive for both the player and his team. The worship of the success of the so-called Lagoon (reference to Venice) is largely attributable to the couple of attack formed by Schwoch (17 goals) and Cossato (11 goals). In the season 1998–1999 he had the opportunity to play in Serie A, but being not included in the plans of the team he didn't make its debut in the championship. In October he returned to Atalanta. In his period in Bergamo, Cossato, due to several physical problems, wasn't able to express himself at best and to meet the high expectations placed on him.
Hellas Verona.
During the month of January 2000 he went back to Verona, this time to play with the team of Hellas. On 6 February 2000 he made his debut in Series A (playing Verona – Fiorentina, ended with a 2–2). The year ended with no goals scored by Cossato. The precarious physical condition allowed him to play only a few times in season 2000–2001 (14 matches, 2 goals). Indeed, on June 24, 2001, during the play-off return to escape relegation in Serie B between Reggina and Hellas Verona, he put off a goal which meant salvation for the team. This made him extremely popular among supporters of Verona.
Cossato has been nicknamed "Super Mike" and in his honor several gadgets have been created.
In the first Derby in A with Chievo some physical problems continued to prevent him by a continuous use (7 presences, 1 goal). At the end of the season, Hellas retroceded in the B series.
In his last season with the team, the attacker scored 3 goals in 22 league appearances.
Fiorentina, Citadel and recovery in Montichiari (2003–2006).
After the period with the Verona, Cossato was bought by ACF Fiorentina in September 2003.
The trainer saw him as the expert attacker who could give a valuable contribution for the immediate return of the team in the premier league. However, the experience of Cossato with the team of Florence is anything but memorable. Between the beginning of the championship in January he played only a few minutes and didn't score any goal. Thus, with the beginning of 2004, he moved to the Citadel, in the C1 League.
Even with the team of Padua he failed to make better (10 presences, no goals). In 2004, the player signed the offer of Montichiari, playing in C2. The first season with the team of Brescia was very positive. The player, in fact, went back to his goal continuity (15 goals in 27 presences) becoming a player of primary importance for his team.
The championship 2005–2006 was Cossato's last among professionals. He scored 2 goals.
Domegliara (2006–2008).
In the summer of 2006 he accepted the proposal by Claudio Paiola, ambitious president of Domegliara, training veronese of Valpolicella. He had therefore the possibility of closing his career close to home and at the same time, to make a good contribution in terms of experience to his new team, which had as its objective the jump in Serie D. In 2007, the Domegliara won the championship of Excellence gaining promotion. Cossato fell 16 times in two marking networks. He remained in the next season of Serie D player on the staff headed by Paolo Vanoli.
In the summer of 2008 was reached by his brother Federico, but the permanence of both lasted only a few months and in December received the consensual termination of the contract.
Selection Padana.
At the beginning of June 2008, Cossato advocated to the ideals Po Valley and announced its aggregation row in the selection of Padania football team to tackle the 2008 edition of Viva World Cup, World Cup between national NF-Board and not recognised by FIFA, along with his brother Federico.

</doc>
<doc id="18511922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511922" title="Maurice English">
Maurice English

Maurice English (October 21, 1909 – November 18, 1983) was a poet, reporter, and author who is noted for having headed the presses of the University of Chicago, Temple University, and the University of Pennsylvania.
Following English's death, his family established the Maurice English Poetry Award, which honors an author in his or her sixth (fifty or beyond) decade of life for a distinguished
book of poems published during the preceding calendar year. The award acknowledges that Maurice English's first volume of poetry, "Midnight in the Century", was published in his 55th year. The award carries an honorarium of $3,000 and a request for a public reading in Philadelphia. The award was first given in 1985 to Jane Cooper for "Scaffolding: New and Selected Poems" (1985).
Recipients of the Maurice English Poetry Award.
The year indicated is the year in which the award was made.

</doc>
<doc id="18511924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511924" title="Seto Station">
Seto Station


</doc>
<doc id="18511933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511933" title="Jōtō Station (Okayama)">
Jōtō Station (Okayama)


</doc>
<doc id="18511935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511935" title="Robert Haley">
Robert Haley

Robert Haley (born 16 August 1942) is a Canadian actor. He is probably most notable for having portrayed Canadian Prime Minister John Diefenbaker in the 1997 CBC Television miniseries "The Arrow". He earned a 1993 Gemini Award nomination in the category Best Guest Performance in a Series by an Actor or Actress
for "Street Legal". He appeared in many television shows including "King of Kensington".

</doc>
<doc id="18511944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511944" title="Ahmed Bican Yazıcıoğlu">
Ahmed Bican Yazıcıoğlu

Ahmed Bican Yazıcıoğlu (? - ca. 1466) was an Ottoman author most noted for the cosmography titled "Dürr-i Meknûn", the authorship of which is usually attributed to him.
Biography.
Little is known of Yazıcıoğlu's life. His earliest biography was written by Mustafa Âlî. Yazıcıoğlu came from a literary family. His father Salih Yazıcı, who moved to Gelibolu (Gallipoli) before Ahmed was born, and Ahmed's older brother Mehmed Yazıcıoğlu were writers before him and are both still well known.
Ahmed Bican Yazıcıoğlu and his brother were pupils of Hacı Bayram-ı Veli who founded the Bayramiyye order. They considered it their dervish duty to spread knowledge among the common people. To accomplish this, they wrote in the language of their people, which was Turkish. Ahmed Bican (Yazıcıoğlu just means "the scribe") translated and compiled literature using original works from the then dominant scholarly language of Arabic. This religious act of translation has preserved important works for later generations and has caused him to become considered one of the most important figures of Ottoman culture. Besides translations, he also wrote some original works of his own. The famous legend about the founding of Istanbul can be traced back to his "Dürr-i Meknûn".
Yazıcıoğlu was highly productive as a writer and transcribed a number of popular religious and encyclopaedic works. His best known books today are the religious work "Envârü’l- ‘âşıkîn" and the "Dürr-i Meknûn". He was probably able to accomplish these works by his religious lifestyle. His nickname 'Bican' is a term that means "the lifeless", which refers to his ascetic dervish lifestyle. He was an advocate of religious fasting and foregoing sleep.
The "Dürr-i Meknûn" approaches the world from the Creation according to cosmographic tradition. Details about the heavenly bodies are followed by tales of ancient peoples, prophecies and divine punishments, discourses on stones, images, medicinal plants, mythical creatures, faraway countries, seas and islands with their bizarre inhabitants such as the cynocephali. The author concludes with a chapter about the terrors that await us at the end of the world, including the islamic Antichrist: the Dajjal.
Works.
Dürr-i Meknûn.
A remarkable passage in the "Dürr-i Meknûn" is Yazıcıoğlu’s fulminating against the deer- and spring-worshipping by Ottomans, a heathen cult within the empire. Another important passage in this book is a tale about Kenan (Ken‘an), one of the sons of Nuh (Noah). Kenan refuses to join his father in the Ark, and hopes to survive the Great Flood in a kind of diving bell that he devises himself. God punishes him for his disobedience with a supernatural bladder infection and Ken'an drowns in his urine inside his own contraption.
Legend of the Foundation of Constantinople.
The version of the legend of the Town’s foundation as Ottomans and Turks know it was coined by Ahmed Bican. According to this tale, Yanko bin Madyan (the name has its origin in a misspelling and or misreading in the Ottoman Turkish writing of the word ‘Nikomedian’) decided to build the city on a ‘wedge shaped’ plot of land, triangled between two sea arms. To make sure building activities would commence under an auspicious constellation, his astronomers deviced a system of poles with bells and cords attached to them, to set the army of diggers, masons etc. to work at the same right time: “Alas, man proposes, God disposes.” A snake snatched by a local stork curled itself around the bird’s neck, thus causing it to fall out of the sky, against one of the bells, thereby setting on the entire enterprise in the most ominous of hours, that of the planet Mars. Inevitably, the future of the city was to be rife with earthquakes, war and plagues.
This legend, partly a clever reworking of already existing elements in Byzantine tales and of Muslim views on Constantinople reaching from the imperial to the apocalytic, deeply influenced Ottoman sentiments (quite a few felt the City to be intrinsically alien) and literature on this topic.
The grave monuments in Gelibolu for Ahmed and Mehmed are tourist attractions.

</doc>
<doc id="18511946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511946" title="Li-An">
Li-An

Li-An (born 1965 in Dombasle-sur-Meurthe, Meurthe et Moselle, France) is a French comics author.

</doc>
<doc id="18511950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511950" title="Takashima Station">
Takashima Station


</doc>
<doc id="18511960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511960" title="Nishigawara Station">
Nishigawara Station


</doc>
<doc id="18511967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511967" title="Attempted exclusion of Egon Kisch from Australia">
Attempted exclusion of Egon Kisch from Australia

In late 1934 and early 1935, the United Australia Party Government of Joseph Lyons failed to exclude Egon Erwin Kisch, a member of the Communist Party of Germany, from entering Australia.
The Raging Reporter from Prague.
Egon Kisch was a Jewish Communist and anti-war activist of ethnic German ("Volksdeutsche") origin born in Czechoslovakia. He had served in the Austro-Hungarian Army during World War I, had deserted and participated in the failed Vienna revolution of 1918. He was also the author of many travel books, a journalist and as the leading proponent of German Language reportage became known to admirers and critics alike as "The Raging Reporter from Prague".
From 1925 onwards, Kisch was a speaker and operative of the communist international and a senior figure in the publishing empire of the West European branch of the Comintern run by communist millionaire propagandist Willi Münzenberg. The Cominterns 1934 policy to build popular fronts of all political parties opposing Fascism was to be promoted by Kisch's Australian visit.
Kisch was a vocal critic of Adolf Hitler's Nazi regime and as a result had his books banned and burned in Germany. Following the Reichstag fire, Kisch was detained in Spandau before he was expelled from Germany to his native Czechoslovakia.
An alias and an informer.
Experiencing the deprivations of the Great Depression, 1934 Melbourne became the focus for an ideological conflict when both conservatives and socialists sought to use the centenary of the foundation of Melbourne to promote their different agendas. 
Organizers of the Centenary Celebrations began by presenting an image of the city in the mould of a conservative "Britain of the Southern Hemisphere". In response, the Movement Against War and Fascism proposed holding an Australasian conference, timed to coincide with the British Royal Tour of the celebrations. Invitations to speakers and delegates were sent throughout Australia and New Zealand. An International speaker was sought from the World Committee Against War, one of the many communist front organizations run by the West European Communist International. On 5 October 1934, French Communist Henri Barbusse, acting for the Comintern, placed an announcement in the Melbourne "Herald" that:
Inspector Ronald Browne of the Investigation Branch discovered from an informant that the World Committee Against War (one of the many Communist front organisations known as the Münzenberg Trust) was sending a "Ewart Risch" as a speaker to the All Australian Congress of the Movement Against War and Fascism held at the Port Melbourne Town Hall, Melbourne on 10–12 November 1934.
When the Investigation Branch discovered that "Ewart Risch" was Egon Kisch, known to the British Special Branch as a militant Communist opponent of the Nazis, Victoria Police Commissioner Major-General Sir Thomas Blamey, informed Thomas Paterson, the federal Minister for the Interior. Paterson then made a declaration of exclusion against Kisch under the Immigration Restriction Act 1901.
Unwelcome.
Kisch arrived in Fremantle on 6 November 1934 on the P&O liner RMS "Strathaird".
The ship was promptly boarded by representatives of the Federal Government who refused Kisch entry to Australia on the ground that he was "undesirable as an inhabitant of, or visitor to, the Commonwealth".
Kisch professed to be deeply hurt and was sure that things would be put right once he was given a chance to explain. He was scrupulous, however, in denying his membership of the Communist Party of Germany.
Kisch was required to stay in the custody of Captain Carter on board the "Strathaird" as it proceeded through Australian waters via Adelaide, Melbourne and Sydney.
Leap into history.
On 12 November 1934, large groups of Kisch supporters gathered in Melbourne and the "Strathaird" was surrounded by boatloads of Kisch well-wishers. The International Labour Defence (another Münzenberg Trust front) engaged Melbourne barrister Joan Rosanove, who, with a group of Kisch supporters, went aboard the "Strathaird" and initiated a "habeas corpus" action.
The Melbourne court hearing the action delayed any immediate decision on Kisch, leaving him in custody aboard the "Strathaird" as it departed the city.
On 13 November, Kisch defied Australian authorities when he jumped over five metres from the deck of the "Strathaird" onto Melbourne's Station Pier, breaking his right leg. The Victoria Police quickly took charge of Kisch and carried him back on board the "Strathaird".
The next day, the issue rose to national prominence when Labor MP for Batman, Frank Brennan rose in the House of Representatives to accuse the Lyons government of cowardice. He asked why Kisch's right to speak in Australia was being restricted just because the Lyons administration disagreed with him.
In response, the Attorney-General Robert Menzies pointed out that every civilized country had the right to determine who should or should not be allowed in, and that, since Kisch was a revolutionary and since revolution involved violence, he was not to be permitted entry.
Kisch's legal supporters act.
As the "Strathaird" made its way up Australia's east coast to Sydney, supporters of Kisch took his case before High Court Justice Evatt, who found that the Federal Government had incorrectly excluded Kisch from Australia because they had failed to list in their order the advice received from the British Government. Evatt released Kisch and ordered that he be free to visit as long as he respected the laws of Australia.
The Government uses the dictation test.
The "Strathaird" arrived in Sydney Harbour on 16 November 1934. The Federal Government now attempted to exclude Kisch using the Immigration Restriction Act. The Act provided that "Any person who when asked to do so by an officer fails to write out at dictation and sign in the presence of the officer a passage of fifty words in length in an European language directed by the officer" would not be admitted.
This was primarily intended, and used, as a means to exclude non-whites from entering Australia under the White Australia Policy, but it could be, and occasionally was, used to exclude other undesirables. Kisch demonstrated his fluency in a number of European languages, and he was then asked to write the Lord's Prayer in Scottish Gaelic. He refused to participate and was deemed to have failed the test. He was then taken into custody, this time by the New South Wales police, who released him on AU£200 bail.
The dictation test was also used to exclude another anti-war activist who had been invited to speak. Irishman (and therefore British subject) Gerald Griffin, had been given a dictation test in Dutch, which he had failed as he was meant to do. In his memoir "Australian Landfall", Kisch records with gusto how Griffin then entered Australia under a false name and led the authorities a merry dance as he popped up unannounced to speak at meeting after meeting.
A literary reception.
Kisch attended a Fellowship of Australian Writers luncheon in honour of British poet laureate John Masefield, along with Albert Piddington, Kenneth Slessor and Norman Lindsay. Controversy ensued when three government ministers and several writers mounted objections.
The Movement Against War and Fascism organized a Kisch reception committee including Katharine Susannah Prichard, Vance and Nettie Palmer, E. J. Brady and Louis Esson. This group formed the nucleus of what later became the Writers League, drawing on the example of Egon Kisch's own journalistic dedication to reportage. The reception committee organized concerts featuring performances from Greek, Italian, Yugoslav, Jewish, Russian and Aboriginal artists with the theme of international opposition to Fascism.
The High Court rules.
Egon Kisch's legal team was headed by Christian Jollie Smith, who secured a writ of "habeas corpus" for Kisch and briefed Albert Piddington and Maurice Blackburn, who took his case to the full bench of the High Court, which on 19 December 1934 ruled that he be free to visit Australia. Kisch's legal team were able to demonstrate that Constable Mackay, who had administered the test, although born in Scotland, was not actually able to understand the Lord's Prayer in Scottish Gaelic himself. Crucially, the Court ruled that the dictation test had been invalid in any case, in that Scottish Gaelic was not "an European language" within the meaning of the "Immigration Restriction Act". Kisch was now free to visit and speak in Australia. Or so it seemed.
Prime Minister Lyons intervenes.
In December 1934 the Australian Prime Minister Joseph Lyons contacted the British Government and received the following written advice:
"Position is that Egon Kisch was refused leave to land in the United Kingdom in September 1933 on account of his known subversive activities stop permission to enter the United Kingdom would now not be granted to him stop Secretary of State for Dominion Affairs stop"
The government then made a second declaration under the Immigration Restriction Act, overcoming the technical shortcoming which Evatt had found in the first, and on 21 January 1935 the Central Sydney Police Court convicted Kisch of being a prohibited immigrant and sentenced him to three months imprisonment with hard labour. However, Kisch was released on bail when his lawyer took an appeal to High Court Justice Evatt, who again ruled that Kisch be set free. Evatt pointed out that, under the law, the minister had no power to rule on immigration matters after a person had entered Australia and he set up a hearing of the Full Bench of the High Court for March.
Kisch free.
Kisch was free to move about and speak. He became a popular figure, addressing meetings, rallies and crowds in Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria, warning of the dangers of the Nazi regime. On 17 February 1935, he addressed an estimated 18,000-strong audience in Sydney's "Domain":
The Government does a deal.
Facing the dilemma that further persecution and legal wrangling simply promoted Kisch’s cause, the Lyons Government proposed a compromise. On 26 February 1935, the Melbourne "Argus" reported:
Ultimately, the Lyons government agreed to cut its losses and offered to remit Kisch's sentence, stop all legal proceedings and pay Kisch AU£450 for his costs in exchange for an agreed exit date of 11 March 1935. Having achieved notoriety above and beyond anyone's expectations, and public exposure of his warnings of Adolf Hitler and the dangers of fascism, Kisch accepted their offer and departed Sydney on the Orient liner "Ormonde", bound for Marseille.
Legacy.
In response to their humiliation, the Lyons Government introduced a new law, whereby a person charged as a prohibited immigrant became ineligible for bail.
The dictation test was used again in 1936, controversially and for reasons that were never made clear, to exclude Mabel Freer, a white British woman born in India, who was confronted with a test in Italian. Interior Minister Thomas Paterson resigned from the Lyons Cabinet following the controversy. The test was not abolished until 1958.
RMS "Strathaird" was requisitioned for war service on the outbreak of the Second World War, endured the war and returned to civilian service.
The White Australia Policy was dismantled in a series of reforms begun by Gough Whitlam's Australian Labor Party government in 1973, and completed by Malcolm Fraser's Liberal government's review of immigration law in 1978.
Kisch detailed his antipodean adventures in his 1937 book "Australian Landfall". He returned to Czechoslovakia in 1946. Following his death in 1948 he was acknowledged as a hero of the German Democratic Republic.
In 1977 "Stern" magazine founded the Egon Erwin Kisch Prize for German journalism.
The Kisch Welcome Committee developed into a literary appreciation society known as the Writers League.
Maurice Blackburn was expelled from the Australian Labor Party over his membership of the Movement Against War and Fascism and its links to the Communist Party. As a consequence he was defeated in his electorate of Bourke. However his Wife Doris Blackburn successfully contested Bourke and served as an independent after her husband's death.
The Comintern policy of creating a united front against fascism in Australia was successfully resisted by Australia's mainstream political parties. The Australian Labor Party opposed links and cooperation with the Communist Party which remained isolated and marginalized.
Melbourne communist writer Frank Hardy detailed Kisch's Australian visit in his fictionalized version of John Wren's life, Power Without Glory. In 1976 this story was adapted for television by the Australian Broadcasting Company in which Egon Kisch was played by Kurt Ludescher.
Robert Menzies visited Germany in August 1938, as Attorney-General of Australia in the pro-Appeasement Lyons government. Menzies spent several weeks in Nazi Germany and was extremely impressed with the achievements of the "New Germany", and on his return gave public talks expressing warm approval of the Hitlerite dictatorship, as he said, "based on my personal experience". Menzies later attempted to distance himself from the Kisch affair, claiming the debacle had been initiated by Thomas Paterson and that his own involvement had just been a mistake. In 1951 Christian Jollie Smith worked with H. V. Evatt to prevent an attempt by Menzies (now Prime Minister) to ban the Communist Party in Australia.
Willy Münzenberg was murdered near Saint-Marcellin by the NKVD in June 1940, during the Battle of France when Joseph Stalin had a non-aggression pact with Adolf Hitler.

</doc>
<doc id="18511988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511988" title="Fifa e arena">
Fifa e arena

Fifa e arena is a 1948 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Totò.
Plot.
Nicolino is a kitchen boy who works in a small pharmacy in the country, run by a woman unbearably rude. So Nicolino really wants to leave his job, when he discovers that you are looking for a murderess with the same face to his. Nicolino so disguises himself as a woman and flees with the first plane is: leave for Sevilla. In Spain Nicolino is always found involved in misunderstandings and terrible mess because it is always considered a murderess until he runs into some people who mistake him for a famous bullfighter ready for his next battle against the bull to be held in bullfight in a few rounds. Nicolino in spite of being trained and prepared for the race and also falls in love with the beautiful Patricia, who encourages him to fight. Nicolino is wittily nicknamed "Nicolete" and is faced with the bull but it breaks down. In the hospital Nicolete prove their identity and will marry Patricia.

</doc>
<doc id="18511989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511989" title="Nishi-Okayama Freight Terminal">
Nishi-Okayama Freight Terminal


</doc>
<doc id="18511999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18511999" title="Kitanagase Station">
Kitanagase Station


</doc>
<doc id="18512003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512003" title="1997–98 Ukrainian Second League">
1997–98 Ukrainian Second League

Group A.
FC Tysmenytsia - FC Promin Sambor 3:0 1:1
Group C.
Legend:

</doc>
<doc id="18512004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512004" title="Natuna Island surili">
Natuna Island surili

The Natuna Island surili (Presbytis natunae) is a species of primate in the Cercopithecidae family. It is endemic to the Indonesian island of Natuna Besar. It was separated from "P. siamensis" by Groves in 2001. A study published in 2003 estimates the population to be less than 10,000 as of 2002, the main threat being heavy logging since 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18512022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512022" title="Niwase Station">
Niwase Station


</doc>
<doc id="18512039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512039" title="Mass serialization">
Mass serialization

Mass Serialization is the process that manufacturers go through to assign and mark each of their products with a unique identifier such as an Electronic Product Code (EPC). The marking or "tagging" of products is usually done in the manufacturing process through the use of various combinations of human readable or machine readable technologies such as DataMatrix barcodes or RFID. Mass Serialization is done to enable many valuable traceability use cases mentioned in Track & Trace.

</doc>
<doc id="18512044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512044" title="Nakashō Station">
Nakashō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18512098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512098" title="Nishiachi Station">
Nishiachi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18512108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512108" title="Massi Kessi">
Massi Kessi

Massi Kessi () is a town near (and almost a suburb of) Mutare in the Manicaland province in Zimbabwe, near the border to Mosambique, on the road and railway to Beira. Massi Kessi is located at an altitude of 600m. It is surrounded by the gold fields of Manica, and thus has phone, water, electricity, schools and hospitals.
Massi Kessi has historic significance for a conflict that took place there on May 11, 1891, between the Portuguese and the British South Africa Company. As a result, the British government pushed through a treaty on June 11, 1891, that ensured ownership of Manica by the British South Africa Company; until then, the Portuguese colonial area had extended to the Mazoetal river, almost to Harare, Shamv and Mount Darwin.

</doc>
<doc id="18512160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512160" title="Shin-Kurashiki Station">
Shin-Kurashiki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18512173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512173" title="European School of Law and Administration">
European School of Law and Administration

European School of Law and Administration (ESLA) () established in Warsaw (Poland, EU) is a private Polish University founded in 1997.
The ESLA is affiliated with the Institute of Legal Studies of the Polish Academy of Sciences.
The ESLA was founded by the Warsaw Branch Office of the Polish Lawyers Union, in close cooperation with Institute of Legal Studies of the Polish Academy of Sciences, and with the International Development Law Institute (IDLI) of Rome.
Location.
The school's campus is located in the north-eastern district of Warsaw, Praga Północ. 

</doc>
<doc id="18512179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512179" title="Fig Leaves">
Fig Leaves

Fig Leaves is a 1926 silent comedy film directed by Howard Hawks, released by Fox Film Corporation, and starring George O'Brien. The film had one sequence, a fashion show, filmed in Technicolor. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Museum of Modern Art.

</doc>
<doc id="18512183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512183" title="Jacob Matham">
Jacob Matham

Jacob Matham (15 October 1571 – 20 January 1631), of Haarlem, was a famous engraver and pen-draftsman.
Biography.
He was the stepson and pupil of painter and draftsman Hendrik Goltzius, and brother-in-law to engraver Simon van Poelenburgh, having married his sister, Marijtgen. He made several engravings after the paintings of Peter Paul Rubens from 1611-1615, and also a series after the work of Pieter Aertsen. In 1613, engraver Jan van de Velde was apprenticed to him. He was the father of Jan, Theodor and Adriaen Matham, the latter of whom was a notable engraver in his own right.

</doc>
<doc id="18512185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512185" title="Konkō Station">
Konkō Station


</doc>
<doc id="18512187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512187" title="Dianne Edwards">
Dianne Edwards

Dianne Edwards CBE ScD FRSE FLSW FRS (born 1942) is a palaeobotanist, who studies the colonisation of land by plants, and early land plant interactions.
Career.
Edwards's work has centered on early plant fossils, the majority of which have been retrieved from the UK. Her interest in early plants was initiated after she studied plant fossils preserved in three dimensions in the mineral pyrite (fools' gold); much of her later work has centred on the Rhynie chert and charcoalified fossils, large and microscopic, from the Welsh borderlands and south Wales - a short drive from the University of Cardiff, at which she is a research professor in the School of Earth, Ocean and Planetary Sciences. She also has links with China, consulting for the Beijing Museum of Natural History, and working on fossils from that country.
Discoveries.
Among Edwards's most notable works are the discovery of vascular tissue in "Cooksonia", the description and analysis of stomata in early land plants, and very early liverwort-like plants. The charcoalified nature of many of her fossils have enabled her to prove that wildfires took place in the Siluruan period.
She has also worked on several enigmatic fossils such as "Nematothallus", "Tortilicaulis" and "Prototaxites". She is the author or co-author of a considerable number of botanical names of fossil plants, such as "Danziella" D.Edwards (2006) and "Demersatheca" C.-S. Li & D.Edwards (1996).
Distinctions.
Edwards was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1996, and is a trustee of the Natural History Museum, London. She was the 2004 winner of the Lyell Medal. She is also a Founding Fellow of the Learned Society of Wales and in July 2010 was appointed as its inaugural Vice-President for Science, Technology and Medicine. She is PhD "honoris causa" at the Faculty of Science and Technology at Uppsala University, Sweden, since 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18512190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512190" title="Lao Issara">
Lao Issara

The Lao Issara (“Free Laos”) was an anti-French, non-communist nationalist movement formed in 1945 by Prince Phetsarath. This short-lived movement emerged after the Japanese defeat in World War II and became the government of Laos before the return of the French. It aimed to prevent the French from restoring their control over Laos. The group disbanded in 1949.
Independence given by the Japanese Authorities.
Towards the end of the Japanese Occupation of Laos in 1945, when the Japanese were losing the war against the Allied Powers, the Japanese pressured the Lao King (Crown Prince Savang Vatthana) to declare the independence of Laos on 8 April.
Following the Japanese surrender on August 15, 1945, Prince Phetsarath made an attempt to convince King Savang to officially unify the country and declare the treaty of the French Protectorate invalid because the French had been unable to protect the Lao from the Japanese. However, King Savang said that he intended to have Laos resume its former status as a French colony.
In October 1945, supporters of Laotian independence announced the dismissal of the king and formed the new government of Laos, the Lao Issara, to fill up the power vacuum of the country.
The weaknesses of the Lao Issara government.
For six months, the Lao Issara government attempted to exercise its authority by establishing a defense force under the command of Phetsarath’s younger half-brother Souphanouvong, with the assistance from the Viet Minh government of Ho Chi Minh and the Chinese forces.
However, two events opened the way for the French reconquest of Laos: the modus vivendi agreed between Ho Chi Minh and the French government on 6 March 1946, and the agreement of withdrawal of Chinese forces. This left the Lao Issara government alone to fend for itself, and it became militarily weaker in comparison to the French.
Besides the inability to receive foreign aid, the Lao Issara was also crippled by other internal weaknesses.
The Lao Issara was a small urban-based movement, and was therefore unable to gain mass support from a tribal-oriented population. Its ideas of an independent Laos failed to appeal to the masses. 
“As for the population, it was mostly silent, used to the established order and did not appear hardly concerned by this aspiration for the country’s independence, and personally I think that it was mostly loyal to the ancienne administration, that is to say, the French.” - Houmphanh Saignasith, the Secretary to the Minister of Economy
The Lao Issara also did not manage the finances of the country appropriately. The army itself incurred a high cost for its maintenance, and Souphanouvong refused to account for it. Within a very short period of time, the Issara government ran out of money to pay for its own running, let alone anything else. In an attempt to reign in fiscal expenditure and inflation, the Minister of Finance, Katay Don Sasorith, issued new money in early 1946, which quickly became known as ‘Katay’s dried banana leaves’ for the poor quality of the paper on which is was printed and its uselessness. The Lao Issara, bankrupt and ill equipped, could only await the inevitable French return. At the end of April 1946 the French took Vientiane, by May they had entered Luang Prabang, and the Lao Issara leadership fled into exile in Thailand.
The split within the Lao Issara.
Once the reconquest was complete, the French set about reconstituting their administration in Laos. In 27 August 1946, the French formally endorsed the unity of the Kingdom of Laos as a constitutional monarchy within the French Union.
There were also French efforts made at conciliation with the nationalists. Discreet overtures toward the Lao Issara in Bangkok suggested the possibility of an amnesty. Gradually, a division of opinion appeared within the Lao Issara ranks over the practical issue of whether to cooperate with the French.
Souphanouvong had made clear his refusal to accept the new political set-up in Vientiane, and was ready to embrace an alliance with the Viet Minh against the French. This repelled most of his colleagues, who began to oppose Souphanouvong’s leadership in the Lao Issara.
Besides this, unhappiness towards Souphanouvong became obvious due to his refusal to be accountable to the Issara government for his military activities and financial expenditure. There were personal antagonisms between Souphanouvong and Katay. Both of them exchanged harsh criticisms on one another as each thought the other to be ineffective in their positions.
On October 24, 1949, due to the lack of cooperation within the movement, the Lao Issara announced its formal dissolution. On October 22, 1953, the Franco–Lao Treaty of Amity and Association transferred remaining French powers — except control of military affairs — to the Royal Lao Government, which did not include any representatives from the disbanded Lao Issara.
Legacy.
A flag resembling that of Thailand, initially used by Lao Issara and then by the Pathet Lao, was formally adopted on December 2, 1975, as the flag of Laos.

</doc>
<doc id="18512205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512205" title="Richard Holohan">
Richard Holohan

Richard Holohan (11 January 1882 – 30 May 1954) was an Irish politician. A farmer, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the June 1927 general election as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Carlow–Kilkenny constituency and he was re-elected at the September 1927 general election. He lost his seat at the 1932 general election. He was elected as a National Centre Party TD at the 1933 general election. He became a Fine Gael TD on 8 September 1933 when Cumann na nGaedheal and the National Centre Party, along with the Army Comrades Association merged to form the new party of Fine Gael. He lost his seat at the 1937 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18512211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512211" title="Mark Graham (rugby league)">
Mark Graham (rugby league)

Mark Kerry Graham (born 29 September 1955) is a New Zealand retired rugby league footballer and coach. A back-rower and former captain of the New Zealand national rugby league team, he has been named as the greatest player the country has produced in the century from 1907 to 2006.
Playing career.
An Otahahu junior, Graham played in 29 tests, captaining the Kiwis side in 18 of them and scoring 7 tries from 1977 to 1988. In 1980 when playing in the Brisbane Rugby League premiership for the Norths club, he helped his side to victory in the grand final. That year in a Test match at Lang Park, Brisbane, Graham put a hit on Australian captain Wally Lewis that crushed his oesophagus. At the end of the season he captained the 1980 New Zealand rugby league tour of Great Britain and France.
In a trans-Tasman test at Lang Park on 18 June 1985,while serving as Kiwi captain Graham was deliberately taken out of the game by a high shot from Noel "Crusher" Cleal while playing brilliantly and inspirationally.[http://news.google.com/newspapers?id=JtoqAAAAIBAJ&sjid=UOgDAAAAIBAJ&dq=mark-graham%20and%20lang%20and%20league&pg=2060%2C5797163 After winning premierships with his club in New Zealand he played eight seasons in the Brisbane Rugby League premiership with the Norths club under coach Graham Lowe, as well as the New South Wales Rugby League premiership for the North Sydney Bears between 1981 and 1988. He also captained the Bears.
At the end of the 1988 Winfield Cup season, Graham travelled to England to captain the newly promoted Wakefield Trinity club in the 1988–89 Rugby Football League season. In 1989 his biography "Mark my words: The Mark Graham Story" was published.
Post playing.
In 1995 Graham was one of the initial inductees of the NZRL Legends of League. The following year he was inducted into the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame. He went on to coach the Auckland Warriors in the National Rugby League for two seasons in 1999 and 2000. He later became defensive coach for the Japanese rugby union club, Kintetsu.
In August, 2006 Graham was named at second-row in the North Sydney Bears' "Team of the Century". In 2007, he was named at second row in the New Zealand Kiwis "Team of the Century" and also further honoured as New Zealand's rugby league "Player of the Century". He is an Auckland Rugby League Immortal. In 2008, Graham was also named at second-row in a Norths Devils all-time greatest team.

</doc>
<doc id="18512222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512222" title="Heveningham">
Heveningham

Heveningham is a village and civil parish in the Suffolk Coastal district of Suffolk in eastern England. Located four miles south-west of Halesworth, in 2005 it had a population of 120. It is where Bruce Reynolds, latterly the brains behind the Great Train Robbery, was evacuated to aged eight, in 1939, during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="18512233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512233" title="Kamogata Station">
Kamogata Station


</doc>
<doc id="18512252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512252" title="Satoshō Station">
Satoshō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18512262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512262" title="Kasaoka Station">
Kasaoka Station


</doc>
<doc id="18512279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512279" title="Daimon Station (Hiroshima)">
Daimon Station (Hiroshima)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18512281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512281" title="Jack Neagle">
Jack Neagle

John Henry Neagle (January 2, 1858 in Syracuse, New York – September 20, 1904 in Syracuse, New York), was a professional baseball pitcher in the major leagues from -. He played for the Cincinnati Reds, Philadelphia Quakers, Baltimore Orioles, and Pittsburg Alleghenys.

</doc>
<doc id="18512284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512284" title="Anatoli Kozhemyakin">
Anatoli Kozhemyakin

Anatoli Yevgenyevich Kozhemyakin () (born February 24, 1953 in Moscow; died October 13, 1974 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player. He died in a freak accident: he was stuck in an elevator, but was able to open the elevator doors, as he tried to climb out, the elevator started moving again and crushed him to death.
International career.
Kozhemyakin made his debut for USSR on March 29, 1972 (aged 19) in a friendly against Bulgaria. He played in a 1974 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Chile. USSR team did not go to the return game against Chile in protest against the Augusto Pinochet regime.

</doc>
<doc id="18512295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512295" title="People's Conscience Party">
People's Conscience Party

The People's Conscience Party (, "Partai Hanura") is a political party in Indonesia. It was established following a meeting in Jakarta on 13–14 December 2006 and is headed by former Indonesian Military commander Wiranto.
After being eliminated in the first round of the 2004 Indonesian presidential election, Wiranto was "traumatized" by his defeat and decided not to run for the presidency without his own political vehicle. He resigned from the Golkar Party in 2006 and established a new political party, the name of which he chose himself. The party's target voters are the people who voted for Wiranto in 2004. The party conducted a door-door grassroots campaign. The basis of its support is in West Java, Gorontalo, South Sulawesi, North Sulawesi, West Nusa Tenggara and Bali The party's target in the 2004 elections was 15 percent of the vote.
The result of the Indonesian legislative election, 2009 was announced on 9 May 2009. Hanura won 3.77 percent of the national vote, which translated into 18 legislative seats. The party had supported Golkar chairman Jusuf Kalla for the presidency, in which both parties lost out to the Indonesian Democratic Party-Struggle and the Democratic Party. Hanura chairman Wiranto was his vice-presidential candidate, despite Wiranto's previous statement that he would not settle for the vice-presidency. This party will recruit Fatin Shidqia and JKT48 to be a brand ambassador.
Regional strength.
In the legislative election held on 9 April 2009, support for Hanura was higher than the party's national average in the following provinces:

</doc>
<doc id="18512296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512296" title="Higashi-Fukuyama Station">
Higashi-Fukuyama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18512297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512297" title="12th Indian Division">
12th Indian Division

"For the World War II formation see 12th Indian Infantry Division"
The 12th Indian Division was formed in March 1915 from units of the British Indian Army. It formed part of the Tigris Corps, for service during the Mesopotamia Campaign of World War I. The Division arrived in Mesopotamia in April 1915 and remained there until it was broken up in March 1916.
The Division's brigades remained in Mesopotamia as independent formations until forming part of the 15th Indian Division in May 1916.
During its short existence it fought in a number of actions including the Battle of Shaiba between April 12–14, 1915, the Battle of Khafajiya between May 14–16, 1915, the Battle of Nasiriya between July 5, 13-14, 24 1915, where 400 British and Indian soldiers were killed in the battle and up to 2,000 Turkish Soldiers. The Occupation of Nasiriya and the affair at Butanuja, January 14, 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18512302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512302" title="Rivermaya discography">
Rivermaya discography

This is the discography of OPM band "Rivermaya".
Albums.
Extended Plays (EP).
2001 — Alab ng Puso (Limited Edition)<br>
2005 — ""'You'll Be Safe Here<br>
2005 — Makaaasa Ka<br>
2007 — Bagong Liwanag
Live Albums.
2002 — Live and Acoustic
Compilation Albums.
1998 — Remixed<br>
2001 — Greatest Hits<br>
2005 — You'll Be Safe Here (Asian Edition)<br>
2005 — <br>
2008 — Silver Series<br>
2010 — 18 Greatest Hits""'

</doc>
<doc id="18512306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512306" title="Fire! (1901 film)">
Fire! (1901 film)

Fire! is a 1901 British short silent drama film, directed by James Williamson, showing the occupants of a house in Hove being rescued by the local fire service. This five tableaux film, according to Michael Brooke of Screeonline, "was one of the very first films to make use of multiple shots edited together to create a chronological sequence propelling a coherent narrative along. Williamson also creates suspense by showing the audience the extent of the fire in the first shot, which heightens the sense of urgency as the fire crew (who lack this privileged information) leave the station and rush to put it out." It was released along with "Stop Thief!" (1901), "indicating the direction Williamson would take over the next few years, as he refined this new film grammar to tell stories of unprecedented narrative and emotional sophistication." "Brooke also states that it was, "a major influence on a pioneering American film, Edwin S. Porter's "Life of an American Fireman" (1903), which borrowed Williamson's narrative model and developed it further by introducing close-ups."
Production.
The director made the film at a derelict house called Ivy Lodge in Hove, where he had previously shot "Attack on a China Mission" (1900).

</doc>
<doc id="18512308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512308" title="Reed Juntilla">
Reed Juntilla

Reed Juntilla (born on June 22, 1984 in the Philippines) is a Filipino professional basketball player who last played for the GlobalPort Batang Pier in the PBA.
Player profile.
Juntilla played for Mail and More Comets and Hapee Toothpaste in the Philippine Basketball League. He was eligible for the 2007 PBA Draft but no team drafted him. His skills is common to Cyrus Baguio, a slasher and a shooter. He was signed as a free agent by Red Bull in 2008.
After the 2008 PBA Fiesta Conference ended, Juntilla faced possible revocation of his contract for going AWOL. Then-Barako Bull coach Yeng Guiao wanted Juntilla to be waived because of his sudden absence just after signing a two-year contract with the team. After that incident, he has since returned to Barako Bull.
Before the playoffs of the 2010-11 PBA Philippine Cup, he and Mark Isip were traded to Bolts in a three-team, eight-player trade.
His stint with the Bolts was short-lived as he was traded again, this time to the Air21 Express along with Jay-R Reyes.

</doc>
<doc id="18512310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512310" title="Billy Serad">
Billy Serad

William I. Serad (1863 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – November 1, 1925 in Chester, Pennsylvania), was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from -. He would play for the Cincinnati Red Stockings and Buffalo Bisons.

</doc>
<doc id="18512314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512314" title="Skateboarding dog">
Skateboarding dog

There are several skateboarding dogs whose exploits have been featured upon TV, websites and other media. Skateboarding dog stories are commonly used at the end of news bulletins as human interest stories. Bulldogs are especially good at this activity as they have a low centre of gravity and wide body.
Such dogs have been featured on television, such as in the MTV show "Rob and Big". One skateboarding dog named Tyson appeared in this show and has since been featured on many websites as the pioneer of skateboarding dogs. Another bulldog, Tillman, has appeared in "Greatest American Dog". Tillman holds the Guinness World Record for "Fastest 100 m on a skateboard by a dog." Another dog, Extreme Pete, can do the half pipe and ride a skateboard down stairs. Other skateboarding dogs are Xiao Bai (Whitey) skates in Taipei Park in Taiwan. and Otto (Otto Bulldog Skater), who skates,skimboards and surfs in Perú (South America).
Dogs can be trained to ride skateboards by familiarising them with a skateboard in stages and rewarding the dog as it becomes more comfortable and accomplished. Other dogs apparently figure it out independently. A children's book was published on this subject in 2006: "Little Yellow Dog Says Look At Me". In this fictional story, the dog skateboards for attention.

</doc>
<doc id="18512318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512318" title="Wandle Park">
Wandle Park

Wandle Park is the name of two separate parks in London, on the course of the River Wandle and on the Wandle Trail.
The Wandle Trail passes through both parks.
Wandle Park, Croydon.
The larger of the two Wandle Parks, at 8.5 hectares (21 acres), is located in the Broad Green Ward of Croydon. It was opened in 1890 by the Mayor of Croydon.
The River Wandle flows through the park. Between 1967 and 2012 this was in an underground culvert which was constructed by Croydon Council. The park used to contain a boating lake which dried up and was filled in.
The park is used by many people and is popular with dog walkers, footballers, joggers, skateboarders and families. The park is easily accessible by public transport using Wandle Park tram stop. The Park has a 'Friends Group' of local residents and park users that are working with Croydon Council to improve the park [http://www.wandlepark.com/]
Geology of Wandle Park, Croydon.
River terrace gravels make up the underlying geology of Wandle Park which is composed of succession Woolwich Beds and Reading Beds, Thanet Sands and Upper Chalk. The Thanet Sand Formation makes up part of the water-bearing Chalk-Basal Sands aquifer of the London Basin. The gravel was deposited during Pleistocene period and has been substantially reworked since then by periglacial, fluvial and anthropogenic impacts.
History of Wandle Park, Croydon.
John Ruskin (Praeterita)
One of the oldest public open spaces in Croydon, Wandle Park was built to meet the leisure and recreation needs of the population of a growing industrial town. The park was formed from two watermeadows to the west of Croydon town called Frog Mead and Stubbs Mead. The deed of sale records that Croydon Corporation bought Frog Mead in 1888 from the Briton Medical & General Life Association Limited for £1,518. 15s. The of Stubbs Mead was part of the Archbishop of Canterburry's land holdings in Croydon. The Archbishops had long held land in Croydon and their presence was recorded in the Domesday Book. On December 12, 1889 Croydon Corporation bought Stubbs Mead from the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for £2,700. The indenture states that "The land shall be forever dedicated and used as an ornamental pleasure ground and place of recreation for the inhabitants of the Borough of Croydon and for no other purpose whatsoever." 
Improvements to the park were overseen by the Corporation's Road Committee. Minutes of the Committee available in Croydon's Local Studies Library record that a Mr W. Powell, the Roads Surveyor was instructed to draw up plans and obtain prices for the works. The centrepiece of the new park was an artificial boating lake with an island in the centre planted with trees. It was proposed to divert the River Wandle to feed the lake with water but whilst the lake was being constructed sufficient groundwater was found for this purpose. Proposals were then modified and a separate channel took the river to the north of the boating lake. John Hubert Schmitz, the Mayor of Croydon, opened Wandle Park in May 1890. A newspaper report of the time recorded that approximately 30,000 attended. The park is featured in postcards produced at the turn of the 20th century which frequently record people enjoying the lake. In the early 20th century the lake was extended to the east and another island created that could be reached by two rustic bridges. By the 1930s there was a bandstand, bowling green (with pavilion) and tennis courts and the park was the venue for the Borough's Summer Show [http://www.croydon.gov.uk/leisure/parksandopenspaces/parksatoz/wandle/wandlepark]. 
Photographs show that the lake froze in winter and was used for ice-skating. Other photographs of the time show that the water level in the lake was found to be erratic and it completely dried up at times in the summer In 1967 a concrete culvert was constructed, the river was diverted into it, and the old river bed filled in. The River Wandle was now buried from view and at the same time the now dry lake was filled in, topsoiled and grassed. The former course of the river can be traced by following the line of trees that cross the park. A flint wall on the southern side of the children's playground is also thought to be part of the wall on the north side of the river. A rose garden was created in the 1970s next to the sports pavilion and more recently a skatepark has been provided on the site of the old tennis courts [http://www.croydon.gov.uk/leisure/parksandopenspaces/parksatoz/wandle/wandlepark.
The Regeneration of Wandle Park, Croydon.
Plans have been drawn up which bring the river to the surface and provide facilities including a new cafe, changing facilities, bandstand, pond, multi-use games area, a new playspace and skatepark. The park has received funding from the adjoining British Gas Site (Barratt Homes providing a Section 106 contribution as part of their planning consent), the Environment Agency, Croydon Council, Heritage Lottery Fund and the Mayor of London's Help a London Park Scheme.
Work on the restoration of the River Wandle within the park began on the 14th of November 2011, with works to a new skate park and ball courts. The entire park closed on the 9th of January for the river restoration works. The skate park and games area opened on 11 May 2012, and most of the park reopened at the end of December 2012. The new bridge was installed in March 2013. The new play-space opened in the summer of 2013 when the grass under the new facilities became established. The refurbished pavilion is scheduled to open in the autumn of 2013, with the cafe becoming operational in early 2014.
[http://www.croydon.gov.uk/leisure/parksandopenspaces/parksatoz/wandle/]
[http://www.environment-agency.gov.uk/news/136155.aspx]
Wandle Park, Merton.
Another Wandle Park can be found in Merton, 6.8 km to the North-West, near Colliers Wood Underground station. It is about half the size of the Croydon park, approximately . It is bounded to the south by Colliers Wood High Street, where there is an entrance, the River Wandle to the West, and Byegrove Road to the North. 

</doc>
<doc id="18512327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512327" title="A Hazard of Hearts">
A Hazard of Hearts

A Hazard of Hearts is a made-for-television romantic film starring Helena Bonham Carter in one of her first major roles. Based on a novel by Barbara Cartland, it was released in 1987.
Plot.
Compulsive gambler, Sir Giles Staverley, is tricked into gambling away his home by his old adversary Lord Harry Wrotham. As Staverley is distraught and desperate, Wrotham gives him one last chance - he will gamble everything Staverley has lost against Staverley's daughter's hand in marriage and her trust fund of 80,000 guineas. Staverley agrees and loses once again, but unable to face his daughter, Serena, he kills himself. Lord Justin Vulcan, a notoriously cool, clear-headed gambler, challenges Wrotham for the house and the girl and, much to Wrotham's disgust, wins. Justin now finds himself in possession of the house and Serena, but has no idea of what to do with them. After meeting Serena and realising that she is much younger and more attractive than he had imagined, he installs her as a guest at Mandrake, his family home, despite the opposition of Justin's mother, Lady Harriet Vulcan. As Lady Vulcan attempts to marry Serena off to anyone except her son, Serena and Justin become friends and he teaches her about Mandrake, the home he loves. A crisis forces Serena and Justin to confront their feelings for each other. Can the course of true love run smoothly for them?

</doc>
<doc id="18512347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512347" title="Flinders Street Viaduct">
Flinders Street Viaduct

The Flinders Street Viaduct is a railway bridge in Melbourne, Australia. Made up of six tracks of varying ages, it links Flinders Street Station to Southern Cross Station and forms the main link between the eastern and western parts of the Victorian rail network.
The viaduct takes a twisted path, passing behind the former Victorian Railways headquarters at 67 Spencer Street, taking a sharp 90 degree turn east from Spencer Street, swinging southward around the back of the former Fish Market (now Northbank Place and Rebecca Walk) beside Batman Park, then north-east to avoid the swinging basin on the Yarra River, then crossing over the Banana Alley Vaults before entering Flinders Street.
Background.
The first railway in Melbourne was opened in 1853 and ran from what is now Flinders Street, to Sandridge (now Port Melbourne) and was later known as the Port Melbourne line. Railways continued to be built from Flinders Street, and the adjacent Princes Bridge station. At the same time, a number of country railways had been built to the west of Melbourne, and used Spencer Street station (now Southern Cross) as the terminus.
Many residents saw the Spencer Street terminal as undesirable and inconvenient, as it was at the edge of the then city, and as early as 1861 a deputation of residents called on the Railway Commissioner to improve matters. It was not until 1879 that the "Melbourne Railway Station Junctions Act" was passed, which authorised a ground level connection. Three quarters of a mile long, it was classified as a tramway and had limits on the operational speeds, noise and motive power used. In addition, it could only be used at night, and had a level crossing with Queensbridge Street.
History.
The Octopus Act of 1884 was what finally authorised construction of a permanent link, as well as 64 other railway lines around the state. A single track viaduct was opened in November 1891 and the double line opened for goods traffic the next month, but teething problems limited the viaduct to a single line during February 1892. The viaduct was designed and its construction and duplication supervised by Frederick Esling who also was author of a technical paper which identified a puzzling problem related to the horizontal forces on the viaduct due to braking, in combination with side forces from wind-pressure.
The ground level tramway was cut back, but part was retained as a siding to serve the Melbourne Fish Market on Flinders Street, and was not lifted until 1929.
From December 1894 suburban traffic on the Williamstown and Essendon line began to use the viaduct, after the construction of additional platforms at Spencer Street Station. To provide for the growing amount of traffic, the viaduct was duplicated in 1915 to provide four tracks in total, with a new bridge being built to one side. The old bridge was then closed and strengthened, being reopened in 1917.
This remained until the 1970s, when in conjunction with the City Loop project, the existing viaduct tracks were made part of four independent loops around the Melbourne CBD. An additional bridge was built alongside, 722 metres long with precast concrete box girders, each girder carrying a single rail track, with each span 30 to 35 metres long, the new bridge taking a straighter path because the turning basin had been filled in. Work begun in December 1975, with the new bridge opened in December 1978. Work then begun on rehabilitating and upgrading the existing bridge, with two tracks being taken out of use at a time. The new bridge was signalled for a trains travelling in a single direction on each line, but the four tracks on the older viaduct were resignalled for bidirectional use, as the operation of the City Loop would be reversed between morning and after peaks.
The land under the Viaduct has been used for various uses: when the King Street Bridge was built in 1958 the land was turned over to the City of Melbourne, who used it as a car impound yard for parking offences. This was repealed in 2003 when the Flinders Street overpass of King Street was demolished. The original viaduct was re-decked in 2000, from near Spencer Street through to near Market Street.
In 1997 the Northbank area was redeveloped, with the turning basin expanded and the newer viaduct bathed in blue light by night, in an artwork titled 'Blue Line' by Peter McNeill Stitt that includes 1.4 kilometres of neon tubing. The Melbourne Aquarium was built under and around the newest viaduct between February 1998 and December 1999, and is being expanded under the four track viaduct towards Flinders Street. Construction of apartment buildings on the former fish market site commenced in 2007, and resulted in the railway signals needing to be altered, due to the altered sight lines for trains coming around the curve.
As part of the Northbank Place development in 2010, three 11-storey mixed use towers were built on the former Fish Market site, and the area under the viaduct bordering Batman Park was converted into commercial space named "Rebecca Walk" in reference to the Schooner Rebecca.

</doc>
<doc id="18512349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512349" title="Jan van de Velde">
Jan van de Velde

Jan van de Velde the younger (1593 – ca. 1 November 1641) was a Dutch Golden Age painter and engraver of animal, landscape and still-life subjects. He was the son of Jan van de Velde the Elder and the father of the still life painter Jan Jansz van de Velde.
Biography.
Van de Velde was born in either Delft or Rotterdam. He was apprenticed to engraver Jacob Matham in 1613, entered the Haarlem guild in 1614, and then probably visited Italy. He is better known for his etching and engraving than for his painting. According to Houbraken, he was the brother of Esaias van de Velde and Willem van de Velde the Elder, but according to John Denison Champlin, Esaias was his cousin, and he was no relation at all to the family of Willem. He died in Enkhuizen.
Drawings of Haarlem.
In 1616, he drew several scenes of Haarlem as a series of 26 landscape prints. The success of this venture led him to expand it thirty years later to 60 prints, most of which are in the possession of the North Holland Archives. In the archives are also a few prints from a series of 12 local landscapes by Esaias, which indicates that they may have collaborated on this project.
Upon the death of his publisher, his works were offered for sale in 1674 in an advertisement in the Haarlems Dagblad:

</doc>
<doc id="18512356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512356" title="John Kirby (baseball)">
John Kirby (baseball)

John F. Kirby (January 13, 1865 in St. Louis, Missouri – October 6, 1931 in St. Louis, Missouri) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played all or part of five seasons in the majors, from -, for the Kansas City Cowboys of the Union Association and St. Louis Maroons, Indianapolis Hoosiers, Cleveland Blues and Kansas City Cowboys of the American Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18512360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512360" title="Umm Salamuna">
Umm Salamuna

Umm Salamuna () is a Palestinian village located twelve kilometers South-west of Bethlehem. The village is in the Bethlehem Governorate in the southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 945 in 2007. The primary healthcare is obtained in Beit Fajjar where the Ministry of Heath have classified the care facilities as level 3.

</doc>
<doc id="18512366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512366" title="1994 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships – Singles">
1994 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships – Singles

Yevgeny Kafelnikov defeated Alexander Volkov 6–4, 6–3 to secure the title.

</doc>
<doc id="18512375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512375" title="Rasmus Schüller">
Rasmus Schüller

Rasmus Schüller (born 18 June 1991) is a Finnish footballer, who currently plays for HJK Helsinki in the Finnish Premier Division. He is a midfielder.
Club career.
Schüller made his debut in an FC Honka jersey during the 2008 Finnish League Cup. He played in his first Premier Division match in August 2008 against RoPS.
Schüller began his career at FC Kasiysi, a club based in his hometown Espoo. Later he moved on to rivals HooGee and played an important part in the club's youth team for players born in 1991, "HooGee Boca Juniors". "Boca", as the team was commonly referred to, was at the time one of Finland's best youth teams, if not the best.
In December 2008, Schüller signed a contract with Honka that would've kept him in Espoo until the end of the 2011 season.
Schüller scored his first league goal for FC Honka in June 2009, less than a week after his 18th birthday, when his team came out victorious from a match against Kuopion Palloseura.
Schüller's debut in European club competitions was also magnificent. He scored his team's second goal of the game when FC Honka beat Welsh side Bangor City FC in the Europa League on 16 July 2009.
In August 2009, Schüller scored his second league goal for FC Honka and was named man of the match when he helped his team to a 3 - 1 victory over Tampere United. On 22 September 2009 it was announced that Schüller had put pen to paper for a new deal. His new contract will keep him at Tapiolan Urheilupuisto until the end of the 2012 season.
In February 2012, HJK announced the signing of Schüller from FC Honka, along with team mate Demba Savage, for an undisclosed fee.
International career.
Rasmus Schüller is a member of the Finnish U21 national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18512378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512378" title="Yury Grashchenkov">
Yury Grashchenkov

Yury Grigoriyevich Grashchenkov () (born 1945) is a career diplomat and is the current ambassador of the Russian Federation to Benin.
Grashchenkov graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1974, and went on to work in various diplomatic posts in the central offices of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and abroad. 
From 1999 to 2002, he was the Russian Consul-General in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. On 30 June 2008 Grashchenkov was appointed by Dmitry Medvedev to the post of Ambassador of Russia to Benin, with concurrent accreditation to Togo. 
Grashchenkov speaks Russian, English, French and Khmer.

</doc>
<doc id="18512381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512381" title="Ed Beatin">
Ed Beatin

Ebenezer Ambrose Beatin (August 10, 1866 – May 9, 1931), was a pitcher in Major League Baseball from 1887 to 1891.
Career.
Beatin came to fame in 1887 - at the age of 20 - when he was playing for Allentown of the Pennsylvania State Association. Pitching most of the team's games, he went 19–5 with a 1.37 earned run average.
Along the way, Beatin also signed contracts with three National League teams: Detroit, Cincinnati, and Indianapolis. The league decided in favor of the Detroit Wolverines, and Beatin started two games for them in 1887. He was purchased by the Cleveland Spiders in December 1888. In 1890, he was the number one starter for the team, pitching 474.1 innings and going 22–30. He was released the following season.

</doc>
<doc id="18512393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512393" title="Argentina national beach soccer team">
Argentina national beach soccer team

The Argentina national beach soccer team represents Argentina in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the AFA, the governing body for football in Argentina.
The Argentina national beach soccer team has qualified and participated in all six FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup Tournaments and has been a Winner of The CONMEBOL Competition once and Runners-up twice.Argentina is ranked 5th in the FIFA World Rankings.
Current squad.
"Correct as of September 2013:

</doc>
<doc id="18512394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512394" title="Audax Alpine Classic">
Audax Alpine Classic

The Audax Alpine Classic (AAC) is an Australian bicycle event run every Australia Day weekend (late January) in Bright, Victoria and is organised by Audax Australia volunteers. Arguably the most difficult single day cycle event in Australia with the 200 km version covering four steep climbs. All distances start at Howitt Park in Bright and are on open roads.
AAC History.
The first AAC was run on Australia day 1986 over a 200 km circuit with just six riders.
2003.
The 2003 Eastern Victorian alpine bushfires prevented the ride proceeding. This was due to the uncertainty of if the fire would flare up, the road surface and the residual smoke. A significant number of rider refunds were redirected to the Bright Country Fire Authority.
2006.
The hot year where the temperature was around 42 degrees but with the reflected heat off the road surface played havoc with all riders. Only 31% finished the 200 km and as a result the rules were changed to protect riders in extreme heat.
2007.
In excess of 2000 riders battled the hills in relatively easy conditions.
2008.
Another year with ideal riding conditions and over 2000 riders. Barcode readers were first introduced to improve processing of rider times. A post ride function called "Bonjour Bright" commenced.
2010.
Introduction of the Alpine Classic Extreme and the Alpine Raid, the latter being "a two-day event which follows the same route as the Alpine Classic's ACE250 event".
2012.
A very hot year with temperatures nearing the maximum permissible for the event to continue.
2013.
A bushfire near Harrietville a week before the event caused the event organisers to re-route all events to Mt Buffalo. The 140 km event became two ascents of Buffalo, the 200 km became three ascents, and the ACE250 became three extended ascents (to Cresta). In the words of the organisers, ""The roads around Falls Creek will be used by emergency services vehicles on the weekend. Sending a large number of riders onto those roads would not be safe or responsible."" By the time the event took place, the bushfire threat eased, and the risk of the fire spreading towards Falls Creek had not eventuated. However, the decision could not be reversed, infuriating some riders.
2014.
Introduction of a new ride option, "Sunrise over Buffalo".
Community interaction.
The 2008 was calculated to have an approximate net benefit to host community of $814,176.44 and is one of the largest annual events in the north-east of Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="18512396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512396" title="First a Girl">
First a Girl

First a Girl is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Victor Saville and starring Jessie Matthews. "First a Girl" was adapted from the 1933 German film "Viktor und Viktoria" written and directed by Reinhold Schünzel. It was remade into the 1982 American musical comedy Victor Victoria starring Julie Andrews.

</doc>
<doc id="18512398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512398" title="National Front Party (Indonesia)">
National Front Party (Indonesia)

The National Front Party (, "Barnas") is a political party in Indonesia. It was founded by Vence Rumangkang, former member of the Democratic Party advisory board.
The party contested the 2009 elections, but won only 0.7 percent of the vote, less than the 2.5 percent electoral threshold, meaning it was awarded no seats in the People's Representative Council.
Regional strength.
In the legislative election held on 9 April 2009, support for Barnas was higher than the party's national average in the following provinces:
Aceh 0.9%
North Sumatra 0.9%
Bengkulu 1.1%
Riau 0.7%
Jambi 1.0%
South Sumatra 1.7%
Banten 0.8%
West Kalimantan 1.4%
Central Kalimantan 0.8%
West Nusa Tenggara 0.9%
East Nusa Tenggara 1.0%
West Sulawesi 0.7%
North Sulawesi 2.2%
South Sulawesi 0.8%
South East Sulawesi 1.2%
Maluku 0.9%
North Maluku 1.3%
West Papua 1.6%

</doc>
<doc id="18512402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512402" title="Les German">
Les German

Lester Stanley "Les" German (June 1, 1869 – June 10, 1934) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He played in all or part of six seasons in the majors between and . He played for the Baltimore Orioles in 1890, then spent four seasons pitching for the New York Giants (1893 to 1896) under the legendary John McGraw, finishing his career with the Washington Senators. His lifetime pitching record was 34 wins and 64 losses.
Baseball career.
German pitched in a total of 129 major league games. Winning 34 and losing 63, he was the starting pitcher in 92 games and a reliever in 37. His earned-run-average for six years was 5.49. His best season was 1894 when he won nine games and lost eight for the Giants. His worst season was in 1896 when he won only two and lost 20. He was not exclusively a pitcher, for he appeared in 14 games as a third baseman, two as an outfielder, and two as a second baseman. His lifetime batting average was .206, with 408 at bats, 106 hits, including eight doubles, three triples, and three home runs, and 48 runs-batted-in. In all, he played in 147 ball games at the major league level.
In the 1893 season, German was the most successful pitcher against his old club, the Baltimore's, in the east, and against the St. Louis Browns in the west. Three of the eastern teams and two of the western did not win a game against him. In fact, German and Wilson were the best working team of the New York Batteries in 1893 according to the 1894 edition of Spalding’s Official Guide to baseball.
Personal life.
Lester Stanley German, son of David and Mary Forthyse German, was born June 2, 1869. The Garretson Family Bible shows that Lester Stanley German and Alice Mary Garretson of Aberdeen were married in August 1895. They built a large Victorian home at 17 North Philadelphia Blvd. (now Route 40, then known as Broadway). It is just across the street from the Ripken Museum. The house has been converted to modern use, by adding a store front. Les and Alice lived here happily, according to family, when Les was not traveling with a team - either New York or Washington of the National League. Alice went with Les on the road trips until she became a mother.
After the two boys were born, Alice remained at home while Les made the rounds with his team. The little fellows died very early in their lives and are buried at Baker’s Cemetery, at the top of the hill, where Alice and Les are both at rest. Alice died at the age of 34 in 1908 and several years later Les married again to another member of an old Aberdeen family, Grace Evans. They had a daughter, Ruth, and a son, Crosby. Much of their time was spent in Florida, but they kept the home on Broadway in Aberdeen. Lester German died in 1934.
Lester’s major league career came to an end following the 1897 season. He was, insofar as can be determined, traded to a team in San Francisco where the cold wind and dampness of the Bay Area gave him a sore arm. He then began a new career as a trap-shooter. A born athlete, he was hired by the Dupont Powder Company to do trap shooting in exhibition matches. He often performed with the famous Annie Oakley.
The Aberdeen census of 1900 lists Lester German as a clerk. He sold guns and ammunition locally. He was quite a celebrity, both as a ball player and a trap-shooter, and local sportsmen depended upon him to choose their firearms. He was known for his big appetite, and he carried food with him at all times.
Les German had a remarkable career as a professional shooter for the Parker Gun Co. of Meriden, Connecticut; old Les won far more trapshooting tournaments than baseball games. In 1915 he established a new trapshooting world record by breaking 499 of 500 singles targets at the Westy Hogans shoot in Atlantic City, NJ. At this tournament he broke 647 of 650 singles, doubles and handicap targets.

</doc>
<doc id="18512406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512406" title="Mikko Esko">
Mikko Esko

Mikko Esko (born September 3, 1978 in Vammala) is a professional volleyball player from Finland. He has played on his career in Finland, Germany, Belgium and Italy. Season 2009-2010 he played in Trenkwalder Modena, Italy A1-league.
Career.
Esko started his career in Vammala. There he played his first season in professional level in Finland with Vammalan Lentopallo. He played in Vammalan Lentopallo seasons 1995-1997. After that he changed to Keski-Savon Pateri. His first season in Pateri he won Finland league bronze. After the season the media chose him as best rookie player in the league. Second season was also success to Esko in Pateri. He won Finland league Champion and also Finland Cup Champion. Season 1999 Esko won with Pateri Finland league bronze.
After that he becamo professional volleyball player. He made contract with Unterhachingin who played in German Bundesliga. He won German league bronze season 2000 and next season that he won German Cup Champion. After two season he made contract with Noliko Maaseik in Belgium. First season was success in Maaseik to Esko. He win Belgium league Champion and also Belgium Cup Champion. Season 2005 he won with Maaseik Belgium Cup Champion and league silver medals.
After two years in Belgium Esko made a three year contract with Sempre Volley Padova. The media chose his season 2006-2008 Italy league All-Stars game. Season 2008-2009 Esko play in Acqua Paradiso Gabeca Montichiari. After the season Trenkwalder Modena bought Esko to their team from Monticari. In 2012 he changed the club and moved to Russian league (Guberniya Nizhny Novgorod). 
National team.
Esko played his first national team game against Estonian year 2000. Then Esko was 22-years old. He made his breakthrough in national team year 2004, when he got one setter place in the team. Today Esko is reserve captain in national team. Tuomas Sammelvuo is team captain usually. Year 2006 Esko played with national team his first World league season. Finland placed 11. place in World League and also survive to European Championships to Moskow.
Summer 2007 Esko played again in World League with Finland. They played good competition and place seven place final. After that team started five weeks longer preparing to European Championships. In European Championships Finland made country ballgames history when team get fourth place.
Other.
Esko has also played beach volley during his career. He has won the Finnish Championship in 2001 and 2003. Esko is married to Saara Esko who is also a professional volleyball player. Saara Esko plays also in Italy - in women's A2-league.
Achievements.
Personals:
Team:
In beach-volley:

</doc>
<doc id="18512413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512413" title="Milak, Sistan and Baluchestan">
Milak, Sistan and Baluchestan

Milak (, also Romanized as Mīlak) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,385, in 444 families. 
Milak is situated on the Afghanistan-Iran border, it is one of the major junctions that connects land-locked Afghanistan to international waters through Iran. After the collapse of Taliban in Afghanistan, Milak lost importance in the transit of goods to Afghanistan. In recent years Afghanistan, Iran and India have agreed to activate the Milak route by building a new international logistics hub in Chabahar, connected to Milak.
A border crossing to the Afghan town of Zaranj opened in 2004.
There is also a project for a railway connection to Chabahar via Zahedan.
The Milak Bridge crosses the Helmand River.

</doc>
<doc id="18512414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512414" title="Paul Rand Dixon">
Paul Rand Dixon

Paul Rand Dixon (1913-1996) was a decorated World War II veteran, chairman and commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission of the United States from 1961 to 1969 and again briefly in 1976. After his chairmanship, Dixon continued to serve as a commissioner of the FTC until 1981. Dixon was on the FTC staff from 1930 to 1957, except for Naval service during World War II. Between 1957 and 1961, Dixon served as counsel and staff director for the U.S. Senate Antitrust and Monopoly Subcommittee. Dixon served in the U.S. Navy from 1942-1945. He eventually earned the rank of lieutenant commander.
Education.
Dixon received his bachelor's degree from Vanderbilt University and his Juris Doctorate from the University of Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="18512418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512418" title="Dad Clarke">
Dad Clarke

William H. "Dad" Clarke (January 7, 1865 in Oswego, New York – June 3, 1911 in Lorain, Ohio) was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from -. He would play for the Chicago White Stockings, New York Giants, Louisville Colonels, and Columbus Solons.

</doc>
<doc id="18512421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512421" title="Fukuen Line">
Fukuen Line

The is a railway line in Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by the West Japan Railway Company (JR West). It runs between Fukuyama Station in Fukuyama and Miyoshi Station in Miyoshi.
History.
"Wanman" driver only operation commenced on the non-electrified section between and on 1 April 1991, using KiHa 120-300 DMUs. Driver only operation commenced on the electrified section between and on 14 March 1992, using 105 series EMUs.

</doc>
<doc id="18512435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512435" title="Vive Lindaman">
Vive Lindaman

Vivan Alexander Lindaman (October 28, 1877 – February 13, 1927) was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from 1906 to 1909.
Lindaman went 24–7 for the Eastern League's Jersey City Skeeters in 1905, and he made his major league debut the following season. In his first start with the Boston Beaneaters, he shut out Brooklyn 1–0. Despite throwing 32 complete games (third in the league) as a rookie, he finished 12–23; his team was shut out in eight of his losses.
Lindaman kept in shape by walking 17 miles a day as a mail carrier.

</doc>
<doc id="18512441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512441" title="Lesli">
Lesli

Lesli is a feminine given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18512442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512442" title="Lowrey organ">
Lowrey organ

The Lowrey organ is an electronic organ named after Chicago industrialist Frederick Lowrey.
During the 1960s and 1970s, Lowrey was the largest manufacturer of electronic organs in the world. In 1989, the Lowrey Organ Company produced its 1,000,000th organ.
Up until 2011, modern Lowrey organs were built in LaGrange Park, Illinois. In 2011 it was announced that production was to be moved to Malaysia.
Most notably, the Lowrey organ differs from the Hammond Organ (which also bears the name of its Chicago-based inventor) in its incorporation of "automatic accompaniment" features. While originally intended for the home entertainment market, it was also used by some rock groups in the 1960s and 1970s.
Garth Hudson, the keyboardist of The Band, played a Lowrey Festival organ on many of the group's most notable songs.
Its sound can be heard prominently on the 1968 recording of "Chest Fever", which begins with a Bach-inspired prelude/intro. The Lowrey Organ is one of several organs on The Beatles' Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!, helping create a fairground atmosphere. A rather surprising use of a Lowrey Organ, on a percussive "marimba repeat" setting - was the synthesizer-like background noise on The Who song "Baba O'Riley". Mike Ratledge of Soft Machine switched from a Vox Continental to a Lowrey Holiday Deluxe sometime between late 1966 and early 1967, and used it from then on, adding a fuzzbox and plugging it into a Marshall stack. To prevent feedback in the silences between notes (consequence of playing at a very high volume), Ratledge invented a style of his own avoiding the between-note gaps by soloing in legato.

</doc>
<doc id="18512447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512447" title="Pakistan Japan Business Forum">
Pakistan Japan Business Forum

PJBF is a registered body U/S 32 of the Companies Ordinance 1984 of Pakistan. The Forum has been granted a license from Securities and Exchange Commission of Pakistan, Company Registration Office, Karachi.
The Pakistan-Japan Business Forum was established on February 06, 2001 in the presence of dignitaries from Pakistan and Japan for the promotion of business between the two countries.
About PJBF.
Pakistan Japan Business was launched on February 6, 2001 at a grand ceremony at Consulate General of Japan's official residence in Karachi.
The launching ceremony was attended by Mohammad Mian Soomro- Governor of Sindh, Mr. Abdul Razak Dawood – Federal Minister of Commerce, Industries and Production, Mrs. Shahida Jamil – Minister of Law & Justice, Mr. Sadaaki Numata – Ambassador of Japan, Mr. Akira Watari – Chairman of Japan - Pakistan business co-operation committee and Mr. Kazumi Dekiba – Consul General of Japan.
The ceremony was presided by the Chief Patron and Ambassador Of Japan in Pakistan His Excellency Mr. Numata. Mr.Razak Dawood, Federal Minister of Commerce, Industries and Production, was the chief guest.
Golden Jubilee Celebrations.
2002 Pakistan and Japan celebrated 50 years of establishment of Diplomatic relations between both the countries. In this respect GOJ allocated substantial resources to celebrate the occasion. PJBf arranged for a billboard, which was erected near Karachi airport to highlight the celebrations. PJBF arranged printing of T Shirts, which were purchased by the members thus generating some revenues also.
Akira Yamamura decorated with Sitara-e-Pakistan.
President of the Islamic Republic conferred the award of Sitara-e-Pakistan to Akira Yamamura on his role in promoting trade between Pakistan and Japan. Akira Yamamura served as General Manager of Mitsubishi Pakistan for 13 ½ years and was responsible for arranging 4 JV between Pakistan and Japan. Akira Yamamura is a proud recipient of two awards from Japanese Government as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18512449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512449" title="Al Mattern">
Al Mattern

Alonzo Albert Mattern (June 16, 1883 in West Rush, New York – November 6, 1958 in West Rush, New York) was a professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from to . He played for the Boston Braves.

</doc>
<doc id="18512472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512472" title="Olp">
Olp

Olp is a hamlet within Sort municipal term, Pallars Sobirà, Catalonia, Spain.
This hamlet had only 46 inhabitants in 2006. It is located in the Pyrenees, at an altitude between 1,000 and 1,150 m.

</doc>
<doc id="18512500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512500" title="Yaar Baash">
Yaar Baash

Yaar Bash is a 2006 film, and writer is Qadir Khan 
In 2006, "Mazhar Movies" ranked the movie amongst the "Top 25 Must See Pollywood Films".

</doc>
<doc id="18512504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512504" title="Victor Saville">
Victor Saville

Victor Saville (25 September 1895 – 8 May 1979) was an English film director, producer and screenwriter. He directed 39 films between 1927 and 1954. He also produced 36 films between 1923 and 1962.
Biography.
From 1931, as Gainsborough Pictures and the Gaumont British Picture Corporation joined forces, Victor Saville produced a string of comedies, musicals and dramas for Gainsborough and Gaumont-British, including the popular Jessie Matthews pictures. In 1937 he left to set up his own production company, Victor Saville Productions, and made three pictures for Alexander Korda's London Films at Denham studios.
As an independent producer he had purchased the film rights to A. J. Cronin's novel "The Citadel", and was persuaded to sell them to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in return for the chance to produce the film and another big-budget adaptation, "Goodbye Mr Chips" (1939). Both films starred Robert Donat and were a great success in the USA as well as in Britain, providing Saville with a passport to Hollywood.
When the war broke out he was in America and was advised to remain there, producing pictures in support of the war effort such as "The Mortal Storm" and "Forever and a Day" (in which he worked for the last time with his former star Jessie Matthews), and in 1945 "Tonight and Every Night", based on the Windmill Theatre in London.
After the war he continued directing films for MGM but eventually returned to Britain. Saville acquired production rights for Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer and produced a few features, though Spillane thought he only was interested in doing so to acquire the money to produce "The Silver Chalice". He produced two final films in the 1960s, "The Greengage Summer" (1961) and "Mix Me a Person" (1962).

</doc>
<doc id="18512514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512514" title="Islamicity">
Islamicity

IslamiCity, IslamiCity.com, IslamiCity.org are global websites. IslamiCity’s mission is to share with the world an understanding of Islam and Muslims and promote peace, justice and harmony for all people.
IslamiCity aims to advance an understanding and dialogue among civilizations. We believe through emerging online media there is an opportunity to enhance awareness and knowledge leading to a better understanding and peaceful coexistence in our rapidly shrinking global village.
IslamiCity website was launched in 1995. It provides a non-sectarian, comprehensive and holistic view of Islam and Muslims to a global audience.
IslamiCity has evolved into one of the world’s leading online source of Islamic information and one of the largest Muslim e-Community, offering a wide range of information and services.
It is this combination of community building, information and services – delivered in a virtual city metaphor - that attracts millions of visitors and international media recognition for IslamiCity every year.
IslamiCity is operated by Human Assistance & Development International (HADI), a non-profit organization working for the socio-economic, educational and scientific development of people worldwide.
HADI is incorporated in the State of California since 1991 as a public benefit, charitable, educational and scientific organization. HADI is approved as a tax-exempt organization under section 501 (c)(3) of the U.S. Federal Tax Code.
Donations for IslamiCity are tax deductible. All proceeds are used to further enhance the overall educational and bridge-building objectives of IslamiCity.

</doc>
<doc id="18512519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512519" title="Adobe FDK">
Adobe FDK

The Adobe Font Development Kit for OpenType, also known as Adobe FDKO or simply AFDKO, is a set of command-line tools for editing and verifying OpenType fonts, freely-distributed by Adobe. It does not offer a glyph editor, but focuses on tools for manipulating font metrics, kerning and other OpenType features. AFDKO runs on Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X.

</doc>
<doc id="18512527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512527" title="Boris Kopeikin">
Boris Kopeikin

Boris Arkadyevich Kopeikin () (born March 27, 1946 in Chelyabinsk) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Russian coach.
International career.
Kopeikin made his debut for USSR on October 28, 1970 in a friendly against Bulgaria. He played in the UEFA Euro 1972 qualifiers, but was not selected for the final tournament squad.

</doc>
<doc id="18512567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512567" title="Ede Tomori">
Ede Tomori

Ede Ignác Tomori (; Dudeştii Noi, April 28, 1920 − Budapest, December 30, 1997) was a Hungarian photographer.
Life and work.
Tomori started his career as photographer in 1952, at the age of 32, at the Budapest "Amateur Photo Club". He was appointed Club Secretary in 1957, General Secretary in 1960, and President in 1976. Between 1957 and 1960, in the role of full-time Secretary of the "Association of Hungarian Photographers", he had the task of setting up new photographic associations country-wide. From 1967 he was the association's delegate to the FIAP. 
He began his professional career at the state-owned travel agency "IBUSZ" in 1961, shooting photos for tourist brochures, calendars and posters. Between 1967 and 1971 he worked as commercial photographer for the state-owned "FŐFOTÓ" company, and as freelance photographer from 1971. He participated regularly in international exhibitions showing travel photographs, commercial photographs and still lifes, winning several prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="18512570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512570" title="Fukuyama Station">
Fukuyama Station

Lines.
Fukuyama Station is served by the following JR West lines.
History.
Fukuyama Station opened on 11 September 1891.
Surrounding area.
The station was built next to the main courtyard of Fukuyama Castle. The main tower of the castle is within sight of the platforms.
Other points of note in the vicinity of the station include:

</doc>
<doc id="18512586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512586" title="Peter Koefoed">
Peter Koefoed

Peter Koefoed (April 22, 1902 – December 14, 1983) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Soerabaja, Dutch East Indies and died in Grenaa.
In 1928 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic tournament after two wins and two losses. He played all four matches as back.

</doc>
<doc id="18512587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512587" title="Great Indonesia Movement Party">
Great Indonesia Movement Party

The Great Indonesia Movement Party (, "Gerindra") is a liberal socialist and left-wing nationalist political party in Indonesia. The party has nominated former Indonesian special forces commander Prabowo Subianto as its presidential candidate. 
Prabowo only resigned from the Golkar Party in July 2008, and the provincial level election teams were formed as recently as February 2009. The party claims a membership of 15 million, with the party's base of support across Java, Sumatra, Kalimantan and Sulawesi. The idea for the party name came from Prabowo's billionaire younger brother, Hashim Djojohadikusomo, who helped pay for Gerindra's prime-time TV advertising campaign. 
The party won 4.5 percent of the vote in the 2009 legislative election, and was awarded 26 seats in the People's Representative Council.
Regional strength.
In the legislative election held on 9 April 2009, Gerindra's share of the vote was higher than its national average in the following provinces:

</doc>
<doc id="18512592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512592" title="Judicial council (United States federal courts)">
Judicial council (United States federal courts)

Judicial councils are the disciplinary panels of the United States federal courts. They deal with matters of discipline for United States federal judges. Each judicial panel has the jurisdiction covered by a United States court of appeals. The councils have authority over the judges of the court of appeals and the lower federal courts (United States district courts and United States bankruptcy courts) in the court of appeals' jurisdiction.

</doc>
<doc id="18512595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512595" title="Bingo-Akasaka Station">
Bingo-Akasaka Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18512603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512603" title="Brandenburger SC Süd 05">
Brandenburger SC Süd 05

Brandenburger SC Süd is a German association football club from the town of Brandenburg, in the federal state of the same name. The footballers are part of a larger sports club that also has departments for bowling, canoeing, cycling, swimming, and volleyball.
__TOC__
History.
"SC" was established in 1945 as "Sportgemeinde Brandenburg-West" out of the former membership of "Brandenburger Sport-Club 05" which, like most other organizations in the country including sports and football clubs, was disbanded by occupying Allied authorities after World War II.
Separate football leagues soon emerged in the western and Soviet-controlled areas of Germany and the Brandenburg side became part of the eastern competition. Clubs in East Germany typically went through numerous name changes in the 1940s and 1950s with their identities reflecting the political ideology of the regime. In 1948, "SC" became "BSG Traktorwerke Brandenburg". The following year the club was merged with "BSG Ernst-Thälmann Brandenburg" and "BSG Konsum Brandenburg" (which had played as "SG Brandenburg-Nord" between 1945–48) to create "ZSG Werner Seelenbinder Brandenburg". In 1951, "ZSG" was in its turn renamed, becoming "BSG Motor Süd Brandenburg".
Through the 1950s and on into the early part of the following decade, "Motor" played in the second tier DDR-Liga or third tier 2. DDR-Liga, until being sent down in 1963. Throughout this period they made regular appearances in the opening rounds of the FDGB Pokal (East German Cup) with their best result being an advance to the eighthfinal in 1959. The team re-emerged in second level competition sporadically during the course of the 1970s and 1980s, and again took part in the FDGB Pokal tournament in 1983 and 1988, but otherwise largely remained out of view.
With German reunification in 1990, the club re-assumed its traditional identity to play as "Branderburger SC Süd 05" and the following season was joined by the membership of "Chemie Premnitz". "Brandenburg" broke through to the Oberliga Nordost-Süd (IV) in 1999, before becoming part of the Oberliga Nordost-Nord (IV) the following season. They were relegated to the Verbandsliga Brandenburg (V) in 2004, but after a successful 2007–08 season, qualified for the Oberliga Nordost-Nord (V).

</doc>
<doc id="18512615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512615" title="USS Acoma (YTB-701)">
USS Acoma (YTB-701)

USS "Acoma" (YTB-701/YTM-701) was a "Hisada"-class district harbor tug built during the end of World War II. She was placed into reserve until 1962, when she was released to the 1st Naval District, where she served as a tugboat for the next 40 years before being disposed of, as excess to Navy needs.
Built in California.
"Acoma" (YTB-701) was laid down on 2 July 1945 at San Pedro, California, by the Bethlehem Steel Company; launched on 30 August 1945, delivered to the Navy on 12 March 1946; and placed in the San Diego, California, Group of the Pacific Reserve Fleet. 
Post-World War II service.
However, the tug was activated in August 1946 for duty in the 1st Naval District. That assignment has kept her busy since then. In February 1962, "Acoma" was reclassified a medium harbor tug and was redesignated "YTM-701".
Final decommissioning.
She concluded almost 40 years of service in December 1985 when she was placed out of service. Her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register at the same time, and she was subsequently transferred to some unspecified other agency.

</doc>
<doc id="18512616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512616" title="Matsunaga Station">
Matsunaga Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18512628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512628" title="HSwMS Helsingborg (K32)">
HSwMS Helsingborg (K32)

HSwMS "Helsingborg" is second in the new class of Swedish s ordered by the Swedish Government and built by Kockums. She has been in active service with the 31st Corvette Squadron, 3rd Naval Warfare Flottilla since 19 December 2009.
History.
Kockums delivered her to FMV on 24 April 2006, when she started her extensive operational sea trials, during which she has returned to the yard several times. On 12 August 2006 she left Sweden for the Mediterranean. She returned to Karlskrona 11 September the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="18512632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512632" title="Hassop railway station">
Hassop railway station

Hassop railway station was a station situated about two miles from the village of Hassop in the Peak District of Derbyshire. It was opened in 1862 by the Midland Railway on its extension of the Manchester, Buxton, Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway from Rowsley.
It was built for the benefit of the Duke of Devonshire of Chatsworth House who, having previously refused it to pass over the easier terrain of his lands, belatedly saw its possible benefit. Indeed, for a while it was renamed "Hassop for Chatsworth". However, in this sparsely populated area, it saw little use, and closed in 1942. It greatest usefulness was as a goods yard, which closed in 1964. 
The station building has since been renovated by Hassop Station Ltd. Hassop Station is now a family friendly cafe with outdoor covered seating and play area, book shop, gift shop and cycle hire facility. Disabled access and toilets are available here, along with a large car park.
The trackbed is part of the Monsal Trail, a walk and cycleway. Four tunnels (located between the Great Longstone station and Topley Pike Junction sites) were reopened on the trail in May 2011, lengthening the trail to a continuous for cyclists walkers and riders.
History.
Opened by the Manchester, Buxton, Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway, then becoming part of the Midland Railway, the station became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then closed to passengers in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="18512633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512633" title="Joint Private Medical Universities Admissions System">
Joint Private Medical Universities Admissions System

Student candidate this test should take 4 subjects, following
all of above tests are medical directed.
Test preparing suggestion.
Students who want to preparing the JPMAS better go to the cream school of preparing the transfer tests,graduate schools and graduate medical schools. Few students get enroll chances by self study the books.

</doc>
<doc id="18512639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512639" title="Higashi-Onomichi Station">
Higashi-Onomichi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18512648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512648" title="Two Tigers">
Two Tigers

Two Tigers can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18512653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512653" title="Ku Kyung-Hyun">
Ku Kyung-Hyun

Ku Kyung-Hyun (born April 30, 1981) is a South Korean football player who since 2009 has played for Jeju United FC. He formerly played for FC Seoul and Gwangju Sangmu.

</doc>
<doc id="18512654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512654" title="Skipwith">
Skipwith

Skipwith is a village and civil parish about northeast of Selby in the Selby District of North Yorkshire, England. Until the 1974 local government reorganisation Skipwith was part of the East Riding of Yorkshire.
Archaeology.
There are Bronze Age tumuli on Skipwith Common. Iron Age remains include 
a set of tumuli and a triple-bank system that runs roughly north–south across the Common and links with a settlement visible as crop marks of hut circles and other features in fields next to the Common on the north side. The remains of a Romano-British enclosure on the northern part of Skipwith Common near the present village.
Manor.
The Domesday Book records that by 1086 Robert de Stutville held a carucate of land at Skipwith. His family held a manor here until 1229, when it passed to Hugh Wake by his marriage to Joan de Stutville. In 1325 it passed to Edmund of Woodstock, 1st Earl of Kent by his marriage to Margaret Wake, 3rd Baroness Wake of Liddell. It remained with his heirs until 1418, a decade after their line became extinct with the death of Edmund Holland, 4th Earl of Kent in 1408.
Churches.
Church of England.
The oldest parts of the Church of England parish church of Saint Helen are Saxon. The west tower began as a porch, but in the 11th century upper stages were added to turn it into a tower. The tower is linked with the nave by a characteristic Saxon plain Romanesque round arch, so the nave must also have originally been Saxon.
A Norman north aisle of two bays was added to the nave in about 1190, linked with the nave by an arcade of pointed arches. This was followed by the south aisle, whose arcade has octagonal columns. The nave and aisles were then extended eastwards with the addition of a third bay.
The present chancel was built about 1300. It is lofty and has large, square-headed windows with Decorated Gothic tracery. The chancel windows were glazed with medieval stained glass, fragments of which survive.
In the 15th century the tower was raised again with the addition of a new bell-stage above the 11th-century Saxon one. In the 16th century, possibly after the English Reformation, a clerestory was added to the nave and new square-headed windows were inserted in the north aisle.
In 1821–22 the Gothic Revival south porch was added, and in 1877 the church was carefully restored under the direction of John Loughborough Pearson. Notably, the south door was replaced but re-using its original 13th-century ironwork. St Helen's is now a Grade I listed building.
St Helen's parish is now part of a joint benefice with the parish of Bubwith with Ellerton and Aughton.
Methodist.
Two families in Skipwith were Methodists by 1764. The village's Methodists worshipped in each other's homes until 1833, when a Wesleyan Methodist chapel was built. In the 1860s the Vicar of St Helen's claimed that 300 or 400 of the villagers were Methodists. In 1876 the first chapel was replaced with a larger brick one next to the parish school.
The chapel is now Skipwith Methodist Church. It is a member of the Goole and Selby Methodist Circuit.
Historic secular buildings.
Skipwith Hall is early in the 18th century house of seven bays and two and a half storeys, flanked by a three-bay wing on each side. It is now a Grade II* listed building.
A school and schoolmaster's house built in 1714, founded and endowed by the bequest of a Dorothy Wilson. In the 1851 its pupils included 11 boarders, and in the 1860s a separate classroom for girls was added. In 1871 the school had 54 pupils but in 1872 this fell to only 30. From the 1900s to the 1930s the school averaged 30–40 pupils, but in 1938 this had declined to 26. In 1957 the school was closed and its pupils were transferred to Thorganby. Since 1959 the school has served as the village hall.
Amenities.
Skipwith has a public house, the Drovers Arms, which is now a gastropub.
Skipwith Common.
Skipwith Common has remnants of ancient sand dunes.
The lowland heath is entirely man-made, relying on land clearances followed by grazing, peat cutting, "etc". The Common has been a resource for local residents until relatively modern times as timber for building, turf and peat for fuel, bracken for bedding and soap-making, reeds for thatching, rushes for bedding and floor covering as well as wicks for lighting, and the while grazed by livestock including cattle, sheep and geese.
Until the First World War the Common was almost treeless. Only since grazing ceased in relatively modern times have trees started to re-establish on the Common.
Two ponds close to Skipwith village on Common Road, called the Line Ponds, are believed to have been used for flax-retting (the process of immersing the flax stems in water to soften the outer husk before preparing the inner fibres to make linen). In the Second World War RAF Riccall was built on the western end of the Common and much of the infrastructure, one of the runways, and other features survive both on and next to the Common on both north and south sides.
In about 1957 the area was made a Site of Special Scientific Interest. The Yorkshire Wildlife Trust and English Nature (since 2006 Natural England) cleared trees and scrub in order to restore the lowland heath that had been lost to silver birch regeneration. In 2009 the site was made a National Nature Reserve.
The site is more than : about 50% lowland heath and 50% woodland. Two types of heather are present and recolonising the freshly cleared areas. Areas of swamp and mire are habitats for sphagnum moss and rare flora and fauna, together with fen and reed-beds, ponds, rushy areas and grassland. An historic breed of longhorn cattle, hardy Hebridean sheep and Exmoor pony plus a herd of wild fallow deer and roe deer now graze the Common to help to prevent silver birch regeneration.

</doc>
<doc id="18512655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512655" title="Valeri Kopiy">
Valeri Kopiy

Valeri Vasilyevich Kopiy () (born February 20, 1948 in Pushkin) is a retired Soviet football player.
International career.
Kopiy played his only game for USSR on June 29, 1972 in a friendly against Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="18512662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512662" title="Onomichi Station">
Onomichi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18512663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512663" title="Branko Vukelić">
Branko Vukelić

Branko Vukelić (9 March 1958 - 3 May 2013) was a Croatian politician and former Minister of Defence, and member of the Croatian Democratic Union.
Vukelić graduated from the University of Zagreb, Faculty of Electrical Engineering, in 1981. He was married with one child.

</doc>
<doc id="18512673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512673" title="Itozaki Station">
Itozaki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18512674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512674" title="Sorted (film)">
Sorted (film)

Sorted is a 2000 British thriller film directed by Alexander Jovy.
Plot.
Carl has travelled to London to clear up the details of his brothers death. Although Carl finds that there is another side to his brothers life. A group of all-night rave junkies accept him into their family, as the brother of their late friend. Carl is then drawn into their world in order to discovering the truth about his brothers suspicious death.
Reception.
Empire magazine gave the film three stars, calling it ""...stylishly filmed, solidly plotted and, in Rhys and Guillory, offers an appealing central couple. All of which, coupled with a refreshing lack of reliance on gangster stereotypes and firearms, makes this one of the more palatable British thrillers of late"".
The BBC also gives the film three stars but warns, ""Jovy is so keen on giving us a snapshot of club culture (which comes across as startlingly real) that he lets go of his well-wounded plot and so the mid-section becomes a long flat stretch, punctured only by a few entertaining bits and bobs."" 

</doc>
<doc id="18512684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512684" title="Midsummer Madness">
Midsummer Madness

Midsummer Madness are a Brazilian independent record label based in Rio de Janeiro. The label began life in 1989 as a photocopied fanzine, then in 1991 they first branched into releasing music when they included a cassette compilation album with the fourth edition of the 'zine. In 1994, a second cassette was issued with the fifth 'zine. This same year the organisation made further moves toward becoming a full-blown record label when they stopped working on further fanzines and dedicated their efforts instead to releasing cassettes of Brazilian indie music, starting with music from "The Drivellers" and "The Cigarettes".
In 1997 midsummer madness released its first two CDs: Pelvs' Members to Sunna and "The Cigarettes"' Bingo. In the same year, the fledgling label opened a website, which has proved important in getting the label's music heard more widely, especially since its update in 2005 to include streaming and downloadable music samples plus an online shop for purchasing EP's. In 1998 the label promoted its own festival in Rio called "Algumas Pessoas Tentam Te F*der" (which is a Portuguese translation of the title of a Teenage Fanclub song), and this festival has been reprised in subsequent years.
Since 1991, Midsummer Madness has released a total of 79 EPs (distributed as cassettes, CDs and MP3s), twenty CD albums and more than 500 songs. Unofficial counters mark more than 5,000 cassettes and more than 18.000 CDs sold as at June 2008. The owner of Midsummer Madness is Rodrigo Lariu.
Official website.
http://www.mmrecords.com.br (Portuguese version)
http://www.en.mmrecords.com.br (English version)
CD Catalogue.
mmcd01 The Cigarettes - Bingo
mmcd02 Pelvs - Members to Sunna
mmcd03 The Gilbertos - Eurosambas 1992 - 1998
mmcd04 Stellar - Ultramar
mmcd05 Astromato - Melodias de uma Estrela Falsa
mmcd06 Pelvs - Peninsula
mmcd07 Casino - EP
mmcd08 Fellini - "Amanhã É Tarde"

</doc>
<doc id="18512699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512699" title="Henry Madsen">
Henry Madsen

Peter Henry Madsen (9 February 1900 – 12 November 1972) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Helsingør and died in Copenhagen.
In 1928 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic tournament after two wins and two losses. He played one match as back.

</doc>
<doc id="18512704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512704" title="Phantom Limb (band)">
Phantom Limb (band)

Phantom Limb are an English country/soul band from Bristol, England.
The band was formed as a "christmas present" to themselves after recording material written in Rockfield Studios. The band has toured extensively and released two studio albums and one live album. The band members all work in the music industry as players, producers and writers. Although this is a point of interest for journalists, the band tend to not answer questions about their other work, stating "this band has to exist, we all have to eat but we also have to make music for the sake of making music and this is the real stuff."
Their self-titled debut was recorded at Rockfield Studios, produced and mixed by Robot Club, released in 2008. There was a four-year gap between this and the second album "The Pines". Produced by Marc Ford and recorded at the Compound Studio in Long Beach, CA. 
On 17 January 2013 their record company, Munich Records, announced that Phantom Limb had split up. no details were given.

</doc>
<doc id="18512711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512711" title="Vakhtang Koridze">
Vakhtang Koridze

Vakhtang Ionovich Koridze () (born 24 December 1949 in Batumi) is a retired Soviet football player. He was an integral member of the Dinamo Tbilisi side that won the Soviet league championship in 1978 and eliminated Liverpool in the European Cup the following year.
International career.
Koridze made his debut for USSR on 28 March 1979 in a friendly against Bulgaria. He played in a UEFA Euro 1980 qualifier against Hungary and scored a goal in a friendly against Czechoslovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="18512713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512713" title="Kuseis">
Kuseis

Kuseise () is a Palestinian village located seven kilometers west of Hebron. The village is in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 2,276 in mid-year 2006. The primary health care facilities for the village are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18512716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512716" title="Eccup">
Eccup

Eccup is a village in the north of the City of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It is just north of Adel and east of Bramhope and Golden Acre Park. It is home to Eccup reservoir, the "New Inn Pub", and the village set of the soap Emmerdale, and it is surrounded mainly by farming land.
The place-name is first attested in the "Domesday Book" of 1086 as "Echope". It is thought to derive from an Old English personal name "Ecca" + "hōp" 'enclosed land amid unpromising land; a small, enclosed valley'. It would therefore mean something like 'Ecca's patch of good land'.

</doc>
<doc id="18512721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512721" title="Mihara Station">
Mihara Station

Lines.
Mihara Station is served by the following JR West lines.

</doc>
<doc id="18512725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512725" title="Dome Patrol">
Dome Patrol

The Dome Patrol was the nickname of the New Orleans Saints football team's linebacker corps of the late 1980s and the early 1990s. The Dome Patrol was rated by NFL Network as the #1 linebacker corps of all-time. They formed the second level of what is considered by many to be the most formidable 3–4 defense in National Football League history.
As a unit, all four players were on the Saints roster for seven seasons, from 1986-1992, combining for 18 Pro Bowls. All four linebackers were voted to the Pro Bowl in 1992.
Its members were:
During the Dome Patrol's reign, the New Orleans Saints made four playoff appearances, including the franchise's first ever playoff appearance in 1987. The Saints also claimed one western division title. The Saints' defense led the league in least points surrendered and turnovers in 1991, and again in least points surrendered in 1992. The defense also boasted twenty-seven games giving up ten or fewer points, with five shutouts. The four linebackers made NFL history by collectively being named to the Pro Bowl in 1992.
The "Dome Patrol" nickname was immortalized on a poster made in 1986, featuring all four players.

</doc>
<doc id="18512748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512748" title="Carl Malling">
Carl Malling

Carl Thorwald Malling (May 23, 1905 – December 18, 1993) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Copenhagen and died in Maglegård, Gentofte.
In 1928 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic tournament after two wins and two losses. He played all four matches as back.
Eight years later he was eliminated with the Danish team in the first round of the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played one match.

</doc>
<doc id="18512750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512750" title="Black Jack (heavy metal band)">
Black Jack (heavy metal band)

Blackjack was an Australian Heavy metal/classical band that was active in the 1980/90's
History.
Blackjack formed in Melbourne, Australia in 1979, and released a demo 1982 and one EP on the Metal for Melbourne label in 1985, Five Pieces o' Eight that was recorded at 'Saturn studio' with George Simak (Taramis). A much anticipated first and second album was recorded, but never released, due to work loads and the death of two of their members. Their music al style included elements of NWOBHM, classical, Power metal and Doom metal. Fronted by the enigmatic Rick Giles, they are still currently active, re-recording at their own studio/live venue 'Guruland studio's', 'Voodoo lounge', with engineer Kevin Welgus there is a serious chance of a live re-appearance as rehearsals between the members are currently underway and playing more acceptable rock for the moment under the guise 'Rick Giles' CRACKERJACK' in Victoria.
Former members.
These members played on Bass and Drums, respectively,and were replaced by Daryl Williams aka 'Buzzard' on Bass and Mick Burns on Drums prior to BLACKJACK's only release, the Five Pieces O' Eight EP.

</doc>
<doc id="18512753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512753" title="Kiki Lesendrić">
Kiki Lesendrić

Zoran "Kiki" Lesendrić (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Кики Лесендрић) is a Serbian rock musician, most notable as the founding member of the band Piloti.
With Piloti he released a number of albums in the former Yugoslavia in the 1980s and 1990s, with the final album released in 1996.
He also composed hits for other musicians, most notably the hit "Kolačići" for Marina Perazić in 1987, and "Barakuda" for Viktorija in 1988. Recently he released his first solo album, "Mesec na vratima" ("Moon at the Door").
In 2011, he composed the music to two songs on Lepa Brena's album "Začarani krug". The lyrics to the songs, "Valja se" and "Ćutim k'o stvar", were written by Marina Tucaković. 
As of 2013 Lesendrić is a judge on X Factor Adria.

</doc>
<doc id="18512755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512755" title="Tamaz Kostava">
Tamaz Kostava

Tamaz Giviyevich Kostava () (born 29 February 1956 in Kutaisi) is a retired Soviet football player.
International career.
Kostava made his debut for USSR on November 19, 1978 in a friendly against Japan. In fact, all of the national team games he played in were against Japan (USSR played three friendlies against them in 8 days).

</doc>
<doc id="18512757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512757" title="Seth Enslow">
Seth Enslow

Seth Enslow (born 1975) is an American motorcyclist, and stunt performer most notorious for his big jumps and equally big crashes.
Career.
Rise to motorcycle fame.
When he was sixteen, he bought his first dirtbike and started to race as an amateur in New York and Florida. In 1993 after graduating from Wellsboro H.S. in Pennsylvania, he moved to California. It was there that he met up with Dana Nicholson who had just founded Fleshwound Films with fellow filmmakers Jon and Cami Freeman. In 1994, they released their first film "Crusty Demons of Dirt" showcasing the underground motocross movement out in the deserts and badlands in the US. The film gave Seth notoriety for over jumping a sand dune and crashing hard. The distance he traveled was never measured but it is speculated to be around 200 to 250 feet. The movie quickly spawned a sequel and, once again, Seth made an impact by coming up short on a jump and landing on supercross racer Jeremy McGrath's practice bike. This notoriety made Seth one of the first bike riders to receive sponsors without having a racing career.
Seth, who by this time was making a living riding bikes, decided to break the world record of 251 feet set by Doug Danger. He started practicing by jumping ramp jumps over kegs of beer, cars, motorcycle and other big objects at different events. In 1999, he broke Robbie Knievel's (son of Evel Knievel) 226 feet record for most motorcycle jumps. However, Seth's triple clamps broke, which disconnected his front end from the frame, resulting in Seth diving head first into the asphalt. But, Seth was soon on his feet and even signing autographs before leaving the venue.
First record attempt.
In 1999, Seth made his first attempt to break the overall record at fellow motocross rider Mike Cinqmars' property with a ramp designed by Johnny Airtime of Air Time Association. Seth was riding a customized Service Honda, which is basically a Honda 250 dirt bike with a 500cc two stroke engine. Seth started jumping 120 feet jumps and gradually pulled the ramp back finishing with a 240 feet jump before calling it a day due to increasing winds.
The next day, the wind was still blowing but it was a tailwind and would not risk pushing Seth sideways. So, jumping continued with the first jump to be around 220–230 feet. However, the tail wind was stronger than anticipated and pushed Seth beyond his landing ramp where he traveled 245 feet. The flat landing cause Seth to hit his head on the handlebars which crushed his skull above his right eye. Seth fell off his bike and paramedics rushed to his aid. An emergency helicopter lifted him to a nearby hospital where the doctors cut him ear to ear, pulled his forehead down and inserted two titanium plates to replace his crushed part of his cranium.
Seth was recommended by his doctors to not ride his bike for at least six months. However, Seth ignored this and four weeks later, he broke the overall indoor world record with a 170 feet jump at the Los Angeles Coliseum. This was all featured in his first own film release 'Seth - The Hard way' released in 2000.
Second record attempt.
Seth healed up and continued to shoot several films for Fleshwound Films and other companies and going for big jumps as well as being a featured rider on the Crusty Demons World Tour. In 2004, he released his second film named simply 'Seth II' which showcased Seth riding with his friends on several different locations and also his second record attempt. The attempt was held at what riders usually called Manny's Yard, a location with several big jumps. The biggest measuring in at 200 feet. The venue was long from ideal and had a complicated run up to the ramp. This meant that as the ramp was pulled back further and further, Seth struggled to get the speed he needed in order to clear the gap. This led to Seth coming up short of the landing ramp and sending him flying through the air resulting in a broken leg and a concussion.
Night of Records 2006.
In 2006, Fleshwound Films organized 'The Night of Records Down Under' in Australia; an event which led to six new records being set in different categories in front of an audience of 22,000 people. Seth was originally supposed to attempt to break the 250cc but had to back out after injuring himself at a practice session. Seth then gave up his spot to his old friend Larry Linkogle who broke the record with a 255 feet jump (which was also the overall record for a few hours before broke by Trigger Gumm with a 277.5 feet).
In 2007, Seth appeared in the Discovery series "Stunt Junkies" where he jumped a Convair 880 passenger jet, a total distance close to 200 feet. After successfully jumping the plane, Seth jumped it again, later being quoted to saying, "When would I get another chance to jump an airplane that big?"
Night of Records 2008.
Fleshwound Films once again held a record event in 2008 where several records were broken. This year, Seth was able to participate and set a new personal best with a jump of 301 feet. However, this was far from close to breaking the record since it had been bettered by both Robbie Maddison and Ryan Capes. However, Seth commented his jump with, "I am stoked. I may not have claimed the World Record but I am really happy with my result. That is the best I have jumped." Seth also says he no longer has any plans to try to break the overall record since the stakes are just too high with the current record being set at 346 feet 4 inches set by Robbie Maddison.
World record Harley Davidson jump 2010.
On 2 March 2010, Seth managed a leap between ramps of 183.7 feet (55.99 metres) - easily beating Bubba Blackwell's previous world record of 157 feet (47.85 metres) set in Las Vegas in 1999. The stunt took place at Barangaroo, on Sydney harbour and is measured in feet because the previous records have been set in the US. The death-defying stunt was seen by some as recreating an unforgettable Harley-Davidson benchmark set by Evel Knievel in 1975. However, the bike that Enslow rode was highly modified, and far-exceeded the capabilities of any bike ever ridden by Knieval.
Other activities.
As Seth got older, he looked for other business to branch into to be able to make a living with less risks involved. A few years back, he opened Headquarters Tattoo Parlor and hired many of his friends who were tattoo artists as well as learning to tattoo himself. Beside offering tattoos and piercings, they also sell DVDs featuring Seth's riding, his signature series of shoes and other products. He has also purchased several properties and is planning to get into the real estate business. Seth also owns a custom built motorcycle built by Matt Hotch from Hot Match Custom Cycles.

</doc>
<doc id="18512759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512759" title="James Coutts Michie">
James Coutts Michie

James Coutts Michie Associate of the Royal Scottish Academy (19 July 1859 – 18 December 1919) was a Scottish painter who specialised in landscapes and portraits. 
He was born Marywell near Aboyne, Scotland, the third son of a merchant, Harry Michie, and Elizabeth Coutts. He studied under Joseph Farquharson at the Trustee Academy in Edinburgh and later with Carolus-Duran in Paris. He travelled widely on the continent and north Africa before settling in England about 1893. His paintings include, An Autumn Landscape, Normandy Orchard, Gathering Firewood, Snow Scene, Autumn and portraits of David Murray (painter) (1897) and Elizabeth Crombie Duthie (1885). In 1883 Elizabeth Crombie Duthie gave Duthie Park to the city of Aberdeen in memory of her uncle and brother. James became a key member of the Aberdeen Artist's Society from the late 1880s. Later he became an adviser to the collector George McCulloch and married his widow, Mary, in 1908. 
Coutts died at Cambledon, near the family home at Haslemere, England. Mary donated a portrait of James by John Pettie to the Aberdeen Art Gallery in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18512765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512765" title="Ash Hill Academy">
Ash Hill Academy

Ash Hill Academy (formerly Hatfield Visual Arts College) is an secondary school and sixth form with academy status, at Hatfield, South Yorkshire, England.
The school is based at Ash Hill Road in Ash Hill, between Hatfield and Dunscroft, to the east of Doncaster near the A18 and M18. It educates 11–18 year olds from the areas of Hatfield, Stainforth, Dunsville, Dunscroft, Hatfield Woodhouse and teenagers from other regions of Doncaster. The site is shared with Coppice School, a school for pupils with learning difficulties from ages 3–18.
History.
The school is situated in a former coal mining area, and was first known as Hatfield High School. In 1997 arson destroyed the science block and former year 7 and 8 classrooms of the annexed Ash Hill Middle School. Another fire in November 2001 caused £750,000 of damage to the front building, destroying the main hall and eighteen classrooms, including computer equipment the school had recently obtained in the Foundation IT building. Seven fire engines attended.
Ash Hill became an Arts College in 2003 and was renamed Hatfield Visual Arts College. A new Arts and Maths building, the Da Vinci Learning Centre, was opened on 26 January 2007 by Alan Johnson. The school converted to academy status in September 2011 and was renamed Ash Hill Academy. It has a history of performing arts, which includes a wind band and choirs. A school pantomime and other performances take place throughout the year.
On 16 December 2009 the school ended mixed-year form classes, the forms now separated into year groups. The school's last Ofsted inspection in June 2011 reported the school as having made good progress, whereby it was taken out of the special measures imposed 18 months previously.
The school's former high level of truancy has been curbed by keeping pupils in at lunchtime, more police patrols, and electronic registration at the beginning of lessons. A fingerprint system is used for taking books from the library.
Buildings.
The school comprises four blocks representing 4 'families':
Academic performance.
Students can study for GCSE, BTEC or A level qualifications. Despite improvement, the school receives low GCSE results, just above the national minimum, but about average for Doncaster LEA. Results at A Level are also low. Only five of Doncaster's seventeen secondary schools get GCSE results over the national average. The LEA intends six schools to become academies.

</doc>
<doc id="18512776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512776" title="Thomas Manning (sinologist)">
Thomas Manning (sinologist)

Thomas Manning (November 8, 1772 – 1840) is considered the first lay Chinese studies scholar in Europe and was the first Englishman to enter Lhasa, the holy city of Tibet. 
Life.
Manning was born in Broome, Norfolk. After leaving school, Manning entered Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge to study mathematics, but "from scruples affecting the tests" did not graduate. Long devoted to Chinese studies, he studied medicine and Chinese at Paris from 1800 to 1803. His desire to penetrate to the heart of the Celestial Empire took him to Canton in 1807 and on to Calcutta in 1810. Manning proceeded with a single Chinese servant and without official government sanction to Rangpur. By the 29th of October, 1811 he reached Parijong on the Tibetan border, where he was met by a Chinese general with troops. When Manning succeeded in curing some of the troops of illness, he was allowed to travel in their company as a medical man. By this route, he finally reached Lhasa, where he remained for several months. Not only did Manning thus become the first Englishmen to visit Lhasa, but also the first to obtain interviews with the Dalai Lama. After five month he was compelled to return to India. In 1817, as a member of a British delegation, Manning reached China for the first time. But the delegation was not accepted by the Chinese emperor Jianqing and were forced to leave Peking, some days later. Traveling back to England, he met Napoleon on the island of Saint Helena, where the emperor spent the last six years of his life under British supervision. Manning died in 1840 at his home near Dartford (England).
Manning's Work.
Manning never published anything regarding his journey, and its occurrence was known to few, until his narrative was printed, through the zeal of Sir Clements Markham, secretary of the Royal Geographic Society, in 1876. 
In his journal he described his meeting with the 5-year-old 9th Dalai Lama: "the nice and fascinating figure caught my whole attention and it was a pleasure to talk to this well educated little prince." He also described the occupation of Tibet by the Chinese: "I was struck with the appearance of everything being perfecly Chinese." If Manning was impressed by the Potala palace, his admiration stopped there. "If the palace had exceeded my expectations," he wrote, "the town as far fell short of them. There is nothing striking, nothing pleasing in its appearance. The habitations are begrimed with smut and dirt. The avenues are full of dogs, some growling and gnawing bits of hide which lie around in profusion, and emit a charnel-house smell; other limping and looking livid; others ulcerated; others starved and dying, and pecked at by the ravens; some dead and preyed upon. In short everything seems mean and gloomy, and excites the idea of something unreal."
Manning was the "friend M." of Charles Lamb, from whom "Elia" professes to have got that translation of a Chinese MS. which furnished the Dissertation upon roast pig. A number of letters from Manning to Charles Lamb have survived and are contained in a book edited by G.A. Anderson published by Harper & Brother, New York, 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="18512778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512778" title="Vitebsk regional museum">
Vitebsk regional museum

The Vitebsk Regional History Museum () is a museum in Vitebsk, Belarus. 
History.
Its history begins in the 19th Century, when in 1868 the city opened its first museum in through the Governmental Statistics Committee. In 1918 the Vitebsk Governmental Museum was created through the donations of the private collection of A. Brodovskiy. In 1924 the Vitebsk Department Belgos museum opened, aggregating the previous collections of the Church Archeology Museum, the Vitebsk Archival Commission's Museum, the History Museum of Vitebsk Statistics Committee, and the private collections of V. Fedorovich and A. Brodovski. Also in 1924, it moved to its current location in the city hall, whose 18th century architecture is a symbol of Vitebsk. 
Exhibits.
The museum contains over 200000 items, among them exhibits such as: brevets of the 18th century; books of the 17th and 18th centuries; weapons from the Patriotic War of 1812; a collection of local embroidery from the 18th and 19th centuries; as well as many materials from the World War II. Also of interest the collections of numismatics, of ancient weapons, and masonic items. In the art section there are works Ilya Repin, Isaac Levitan, Ivan Shishkin, Eduard Khrutski, Makovski, Yehuda Pen as well as modern Vitebsk artists.
Aside from the main museum in the city hall, the museum also includes artistic and literary affiliates, as well as museums of private collections, Ilya Repin's Zdravnevo Manor museum, and an exposition in the former Sicherheitsdienst prison dedicated to Vitebsk's patriots.
Literary museum.
The literary museum includes exhibitions of ancient illustrations and books, as well as letters, photographs, portraits, and possessions of various authors. Also exhibited are local legends, as well as known writers whose lives and creativity were connected with Vitebsk.
Vitebsk patriots museum.
The Vitebsk patriots museum is located in the cellars of the former Nazi Sicherheitsdienst prison, which was in operation between 1941 and 1944. The photographic documentary and materials tell of Vitebsk in the period of occupation, and the patriots tortured there (such as Vera Khoruzhaya).
The museum of private collections.
This museum includes private collections such as Belarusian coins, Russian medals, Soviet memorial medals, as well as awards of various international countries.
"Zdravnevo" Manor museum.
"Zdravnevo" Manor museum exhibits the life and art of Ilya Repin who, between 1892 and 1902, conducted summer seasons in the country manor "Zdravnevo". Inside the manor are reproductions of paintings by the artist, as well as letters, documents, and a few original specimens belonging to his family.
Artistic museum.
The Artistic museum displays a unique and diversified collection consisting of more 7000 exhibits. Included are collections of icons, paintings, sketches, and sculptures of popular and decorative art. The pride of museum are works of Yehuda Pen, the first teacher of Marc Chagall.

</doc>
<doc id="18512779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512779" title="Dick Turpin (disambiguation)">
Dick Turpin (disambiguation)

Dick Turpin was an English highwayman.
Dick Turpin may also refer to:-

</doc>
<doc id="18512788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512788" title="Børge Monberg">
Børge Monberg

Børge Kjær Monberg (August 24, 1905 – June 19, 1990) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Jægersborg, Gentofte and died in Kalundborg.
In 1928 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic tournament after two wins and two losses. He played all four matches as back.

</doc>
<doc id="18512791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512791" title="Viktor Kruglov">
Viktor Kruglov

Viktor Mikhailovich Kruglov () (born January 19, 1955 in Podolsk) is a retired Soviet football player.
International career.
Kruglov made his debut for USSR on November 28, 1976 in a friendly against Argentina. He played in a 1978 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="18512794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512794" title="Broomtown, Alabama">
Broomtown, Alabama

Broomtown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Cherokee County, Alabama. As of the 2010 census, its population was 182. It was named after Chief Broom (Broomstown) of the Cherokee Nation, who occupied the area from the late eighteenth century into the 1830s. They migrated southwest under pressure from European-American encroachment, before being driven out of the Southeast on the Trail of Tears to Indian Territory west of the Mississippi River.

</doc>
<doc id="18512805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512805" title="Viktor Kuznetsov">
Viktor Kuznetsov

Viktor Kuznetsov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18512808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512808" title="Peter Prahm">
Peter Prahm

Peter Thal Philipsen Prahm (July 27, 1908 – May 23, 2003) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics. He was born in the Dutch East Indies and was the older brother of Louis Prahm.
In 1928 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic tournament after two wins and two losses. He played all four matches as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="18512830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512830" title="HSwMS Härnösand (K33)">
HSwMS Härnösand (K33)

HSwMS "Härnösand" (K33) is the third of the new s ordered by the Swedish Government and built by Kockums. She is currently in the Karlskrona Naval Yard being fitted with additional equipment slated to be commissioning into active service 2009.
History.
She was launched 16 December 2004 and named by crown princess Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="18512841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512841" title="List of county roads in Columbia County, Florida">
List of county roads in Columbia County, Florida

The following is a list of county roads in Columbia County, Florida. All county roads are maintained by the county in which they reside, however not all of them are marked with standard MUTCD approved county road shields.

</doc>
<doc id="18512845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512845" title="Miriquidi">
Miriquidi

Miriquidi is a medieval name for a forest, perhaps in the vicinity of the Ore Mountains, between the Elbe and Saale rivers.
The name occurs in the Norse form "Myrkviðr" ('dark wood') in the Edda story Lokasenna, and in Hervarar saga ok Heiðreks it is the name of the forest separating the Ostrogoths from the Huns. A forest called Miriquido ("silva que Miriquido dicitur") appears in a charter of Emperor Otto II of August 30, 974; in it he gives the forest to a church in Merseburg within certain limits between the rivers Saale and Mulde, but the exact location is not given. The name also appears in the Chronicle (1012-1018) of Thietmar of Merseburg ("in silva, quae Miriquidui dicitur"), but again without any details of location. Towards the end of the nineteenth century, the term Miriquidi was supposed by some historians to have been used for the primeval forest covering the Ore Mountains, and it continues to be used in this sense in local history publications and chronicles. In 1874, the geologist Friedrich August Frenzel named a mineral miraquidite after this forest name (it is not clear which; it may be beudantite or corkite). More recently, it has been suggested that it is the "Černy les" ('black forest') of the Chernyakhov culture.

</doc>
<doc id="18512847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512847" title="Patrick Rogers">
Patrick Rogers

Patrick James Rogers (1 February 1900 – 22 March 1963) was an Irish politician and farmer. 
He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1933 general election as a National Centre Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Leitrim–Sligo constituency. He was elected as a Fine Gael TD for the Sligo constituency at the 1937 general election. He was re-elected at the 1938, 1943 and 1944 general elections. 
He lost his seat at the 1948 general election but was elected for the Sligo–Leitrim constituency at the 1951 general election. He lost his seat again at the 1954 general election but was re-elected at the 1957 general election. He did not contest the 1961 general election. He served on Sligo County Council for the Ballymote area from 1928 until his death in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="18512859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18512859" title="Blechacz">
Blechacz

Blechacz may refer to:

</doc>
