<doc id="18438929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438929" title="Craig Morgan discography">
Craig Morgan discography

Craig Morgan is an American country music artist. His discography comprises six studio albums and two greatest hits albums, plus twenty singles. He debuted in 2000 with a self-titled album on Atlantic Records Nashville. After Atlantic closed its Nashville division in 2001, he signed to the independent Broken Bow Records and released three studio albums: "I Love It", "My Kind of Livin"' and "Little Bit of Life", released in 2003, 2005 and 2006 respectively. He also released a greatest hits album in 2007 on Broken Bow before leaving the label. In 2008, he signed to BNA Records and released "That's Why", which was re-issued in 2009 with three tracks changed. "My Kind of Livin'" is also his best-selling and highest-charting album, having peaked at number 7 on Top Country Albums and been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Morgan's five studio albums have accounted for seventeen singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles charts. His highest-peaking single is "That's What I Love About Sunday", the only Number One of his career, the first Number One for the Broken Bow label, and the Number One country music single of 2005 on the Billboard Year-End charts. Six more of his singles have reached Top Ten on the country singles charts as well: "Almost Home", "Redneck Yacht Club" (certified gold by the RIAA), "Little Bit of Life", "International Harvester", "Love Remembers" and "Bonfire". A Christmas song, "The Kid in Me", was issued in late 2000 and was never on an album.

</doc>
<doc id="18438947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438947" title="Curtain Time">
Curtain Time

Curtain Time is an album by Pop vocalist Jack Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="18438948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438948" title="Sibirjak">
Sibirjak

Sibirjak is the German spelling of the Russian name (Сибиряк) of a passenger train which linked Berlin to some of main routes and cities of Russia. Its name means "Siberian". (A conventional English form of the name would be Sibiryak or Siberiac.) The train passed through Germany, Poland, Belarus, Russia and Kazakhstan, partly traveling on the Trans-Siberian Railway. With 5,130 km from Berlin to Novosibirsk it was the longest route of any that depart from a station within the European Union. The train service was discontinued with effect from December 14, 2013, due to lack of demand. The line was not actively promoted to potential customers by the Deutsche Bahn.
Overview.
The train, which departed from Berlin Zoologischer Garten station, and stopped also at Berlin Hauptbahnhof and Berlin Ostbahnhof, ran through Poland and Belarus, serving Warsaw and Minsk. In the Belarusian capital the train was divided into branches: "Siberian" (4 branches), "Southern" (3 branches), and one to St.Petersburg. The total number of destinations was eight: Novosibirsk, St.Petersburg, Moscow, Kazan, Chelyabinsk, Ufa, Astana (in Kazakhstan) and Adler, a city in the suburbs of Sochi.<br>
The train was scheduled to arrive in Berlin every Saturday at 09:12 and to leave again at 15:16.
Until the early 2000s the train had departed from Berlin-Lichtenberg station. From 2008 it periodically changed its "Berliner" route, stopping again at Lichtenberg and ending at Gesundbrunnen station.
Routes.
Description.
The train ran on a common route from Berlin Zoologischer Garten to Minsk Passazhirsky, through Poznań (Dworzec Główny station), Warsaw (Centralna and Wschodnia), Brest (Tsentralnaya) and Baranovichi (Tsentralnaya). Other stops were in Rzepin, Łuków and Terespol. From Minsk to Orsha the train was separated into 3 branches through Zhodzina and Barysaw.

</doc>
<doc id="18438954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438954" title="Canadian Heart Rhythm Society">
Canadian Heart Rhythm Society

The Canadian Heart Rhythm Society (CHRS) is Canada's national association of heart rhythm specialist physicians and associated allied health professionals.
In addition to public advocacy for heart conditions such as arrhythmias and sudden cardiac death (the leading cause of death in Western Society), the CHRS has assumed an international leadership role in the management of implanted device (pacemaker and implantable cardioverter defibrillator) recalls.
The Canadian Heart Rhythm Society counts some of the world's leading cardiovascular researchers in its ranks, including Dr. George Klein, Dr. Paul Dorian, Dr. George Wyse, and Dr. Stuart Connolly.

</doc>
<doc id="18438959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438959" title="Utah State Route 227">
Utah State Route 227

State Route 227 (SR-227) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah that spans in Farmington, Davis County. The route connects I-15 to SR-106.
Route description.
The route starts as 200 West in Farmington at the end of I-15 exit 322. From there, it travels north approximately one half mile until it intersects State Street, at which point it turns to the east and becomes State Street, continuing east until it ends at the intersection of SR-106 (Main Street).
History.
State Route 227 was formed in 1964, coinciding with the construction of I-15 through Davis County. It originally went north from an interchange with the interstate north via Walker Lane, then east on State Street to SR-106, which is the route that SR-227 is currently on. No changes have been applied to the highway.
See also.
List of state highways in the United States shorter than one mile

</doc>
<doc id="18438974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438974" title="Steven Engler">
Steven Engler

Steven Joseph Engler (born 1962) is a Canadian scholar of religion. He currently is associate professor at Mount Royal University in Calgary, Canada. From 2005-2005 he was a visiting professor in the Graduate Program in Ciêncas da Religião at the Pontifícia Universidade Católica de São Palo (Brazil).
Engler is the (co-) editor of leading journals and book series in the field of Religious Studies. In his work, he has analyzed major publications of the field and the academic landscape of religious studies in Latin America. His research focuses on science and religion, including creationism and ayurveda, and, more recently, on Brazilian religions such as Kardecism and Umbanda, which he analyzes in light of theoretical concepts such as agency, deference, indexicality, hybridity and virtuality. In his work on theories of religion, he proposes to engage semantics.

</doc>
<doc id="18438985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438985" title="TH-302">
TH-302

TH-302 is an experimental cancer treatment that is in clinical development at Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc. It is activated only at very low levels of oxygen (hypoxia). Such levels are common in human solid tumors, a phenomenon known as tumor hypoxia. TH-302 exploits the activation of a nitroazole prodrug by a process that involves a one electron reduction mediated by ubiquitous cellular reductases such as the NADPH cytochrome P450 to generate a radical anion prodrug (RP). In the presence of oxygen (normoxia) the radical anion prodrug reacts rapidly with oxygen to generate the original prodrug and superoxide (SO). Under the low oxygen conditions of the hypoxic zones in tumors, however, the radical anion prodrug undergoes further irreversible reductions to the hydroxylamine (HA) followed by elimination, releasing the active drug and an azole derivative (AZ). This activation pathway is shown schematically below:
Phosphoramidate-based, DNA-crosslinking, bis-alkylator mustards have long been used successfully in cancer chemotherapy and include the prodrugs ifosfamide and cyclophosphamide. To demonstrate that known drugs of proven efficacy could serve as the basis of efficacious hypoxia activated prodrugs, the 2-nitroimidizole HAP of the active phosphoramidate bis-alkylator derived from ifosfamide was synthesized. The resulting compound, TH-281, had a high HCR (hypoxia cytotoxicity ratio), a quantitative assessment of its hypoxia selectivity. Subsequent structure-activity relationship (SAR) studies at Threshold showed that replacement of the chlorines in the alkylator portion of the prodrug with bromines improved potency about 10-fold. The final compound is TH-302.
TH-302 started a Phase 1 clinical trial in 2007 in various solid tumors. The Phase 1 trial is a multi-center, open-label, dose-escalation study in patients with solid tumor cancers. The primary objectives of the study are to determine the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and dose-limiting toxicities of TH-302 in patients with advanced solid tumors and to establish the appropriate dose to be tested in Phase 2 clinical trials. The secondary objectives of the trial include establishing the pharmacokinetics and assessing the anti-tumor activity of TH-302, as measured by objective response rate and duration of response, and to characterize the safety profile. Tumors will be evaluated at baseline and every eight weeks using the Response Evaluation Criteria In Solid Tumors (RECIST) criteria.

</doc>
<doc id="18438986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438986" title="Mikael Boström">
Mikael Boström

Mikael Boström (born 3 October 1970 in Siuntio) is a Finnish orienteering competitor, and winner of the first Junior World Orienteering Championships in 1990, both "individual" and "relay".
Senior career.
He received a silver medal in the "relay" at the World Orienteering Championships in Grimstad in 1997 (with Timo Karppinen, Juha Peltola and Janne Salmi), and again a silver medal in Inverness in 1999 (with Jani Lakanen, Juha Peltola and Janne Salmi).

</doc>
<doc id="18438996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18438996" title="Captain General of the Church">
Captain General of the Church

The Captain General of the Church () was the "de facto" commander-in-chief of the papal armed forces during the Middle Ages. The post was usually conferred on an Italian noble with a professional military reputation or (later) a relative of the pope. The parallel office of Gonfalonier of the Church was more a formal and ceremonial honor than the responsibility of a tactical military leader. Pope Innocent XII removed both ranks and replaced them with the position of Flag-bearer of the Holy Roman Church (Italian: "Vessilifero di Santo Romana Chiesa"), which later became hereditary in the Naro Patrizi.
It was traditional for the Captain General to carry a baton of command, blessed by the pope.

</doc>
<doc id="18439015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439015" title="Lebanon–Pakistan relations">
Lebanon–Pakistan relations

Lebanon–Pakistan relations are the relations between Lebanon and Pakistan. Pakistan and Lebanon have close, warm relations. Pakistan has an embassy in Beirut. Lebanon has an embassy in Islamabad.
Relations.
According to former Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani, Lebanon and Pakistan's close relations are "based on shared views on peace and stability in the Middle East as well as aspirations for the future." Relations between Beirut and Islamabad have been good, mainly because Pakistan does not recognise Israel as a legitimate country.
Bilateral trade between the two nations currently stands at $35.4 million in 2005-06.

</doc>
<doc id="18439023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439023" title="Andrea Ratuski">
Andrea Ratuski

Andrea Ratuski (born at Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian radio presenter and producer, particularly known as host of the national programme "Northern Lights" on CBC Radio (discontinued in 2007).
She graduated from the University of Manitoba with a Bachelor of Music degree.

</doc>
<doc id="18439025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439025" title="Yours – Forever More">
Yours – Forever More

Yours – Forever More is the debut album of the Scottish progressive rock group Forever More. Recorded in 1969, it was released as a vinyl album in 1970. It was produced by Simon Napier-Bell and Ray Singer.
Many of the album's songs can be heard in the film "Permissive", in which the band appear as actors.
Track listing.
Side 1
Side 2
References.
The Tapestry of Delights - an online guide to U. K. beat and progressive music between 1963 - 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18439047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439047" title="Reichsausstellung Schaffendes Volk">
Reichsausstellung Schaffendes Volk

The Reichsausstellung Schaffendes Volk (The Reich's Exhibition of a Productive People) of 1937 was held in today's North Park district of Düsseldorf, Germany, along one mile of the Rhine shoreline. It was opened on May 8, 1937 by Hermann Göring. Through October of the same year it attracted about six million visitors. 
Originally planned as an exhibition of the Deutscher Werkbung it finally turned into a rival to the 1937 International Exposition of Modern Life in Paris. The exhibition was meant to showcase the domestic accomplishments of the National Socialists in new housing, art, and science and to prepare the German people for the upcoming four-year plan which aimed at German autarky in (natural) resources. The fair's director was Dr. Ernst Poensgen.
The exhibition was laid out in four main divisions:
Through the publicity efforts of its CEO, Max Keith, a functioning Coca-Cola GmbH bottling plant stood at the center of the fairgrounds, with a miniature train for children, and immediately adjacent to the Propaganda Office.

</doc>
<doc id="18439061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439061" title="Cibuta">
Cibuta

Cibuta is a town in the Mexican state of Sonora. 

</doc>
<doc id="18439080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439080" title="Târnava-Mică County">
Târnava-Mică County

Târnava-Mică County () was a county (Romanian: "judeţ") in the Kingdom of Romania, the successor to the county of Târnava-Mică of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Its capital was Diciosânmartin (now Târnăveni, in Mureş County).
Geography.
Târnava-Mică County covered 1,646 km2 and was located in central part of Greater Romania, in Transylvania. Currently, the territory that comprised the greater part of Târnava-Mică County is now part of Sibiu County, Mureş County, and Alba County. In the interwar period, its borders were as follows: Turda County to the northwest, Mureş County to the northeast, Alba County to the west, Sibiu County and Târnava-Mare County to the south, and Odorhei County to the east. Odorhei county was abolished in the administrative reforms of September 6, 1950.
Administrative organization.
Administratively, Târnava-Mică County was made up of three cities – Diciosânmartin, Ibaşfalău (Elisabetopol, Elisabethstadt, Erzsébetváros), and Blaj – and was divided into four parts ("plăşi", singular "plasa"): I. Plasa Blaj, II. Plasa Diciosânmartin, III. Plasa Dumbrăveni, and IV. Plasa Iernut.
Population.
Whilst still part of Austria-Hungary, in 1870, the population of Târnava-Mică County was 100,161. In 1891, the population of the county was 101,045, of which 49.1% were ethnic Romanians, 27.4% Hungarians, and 18.1% Germans.
According to the Romanian census of 1930 the population of Târnava-Mică County was 149,482, of which 53.9% were ethnic Romanians, 23.6% ethnic Hungarians, 16.1% Germans, 5.1% Romani, and 1.1% Jews. Classified by religion: 40.7% were Greek-Catholic, 16.6% Orthodox Christian, 16.6% were Reformed (Calivinist), 16.2% Lutheran, 4.6% were Roman Catholic, 3.3% Unitarian, and 1.1% Jewish.
Urbanization.
In 1930 the urban population of Târnava-Mică County included 45.6% Romanians, 37.3% Hungarians, 5.6% Jews, and 5.3% Germans by ethnicity. The religious mix of the urban population was 38.0% Greek-Catholic, 18.8% Reformed, 12.9% Roman Catholic, 11.0% Eastern Orthodox, 6.2% Unitarian, 6.0% Jewish, and 4.7% Lutheran, and 1.2% Adventist.

</doc>
<doc id="18439109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439109" title="Never Turn Your Back on Mother Earth">
Never Turn Your Back on Mother Earth

"Never Turn Your Back On Mother Earth" is a song by the American group Sparks. The song was recorded by the group's mid-1970s 'glam' line-up. It was released in late 1974 as the first single from the group's fourth album, "Propaganda".
Plagiarism re-recording.
In 1997, Sparks recorded a new version of the song with the producer Tony Visconti. This introduced strings and a choir. The song concludes their "Plagiarism" album where it segues from out of the previous track, "The Number One Song In Heaven".
Cover versions.
Depeche Mode recorded a cover version on a single-sided flexi-disc which was sent to members of their official fan club for Christmas 1987.
Martin Gore, the guitarist and songwriter of Depeche Mode, recorded a cover version for his first solo EP, "Counterfeit", in 1989.
Nicola Sirkis covered the song as the B-side to his 1992 single "Alice Dans La Lune", from the album "Dans La Lune".
Billy Mackenzie recorded a version which appeared on his 2005 album "Transmission Impossible".
Mary Hopkin recorded a version which appeared on her 2007 album "Valentine".
Neko Case has a version on her 2009 album "Middle Cyclone".

</doc>
<doc id="18439112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439112" title="Dann Cahn">
Dann Cahn

Dann Cahn (April 9, 1923 – November 21, 2012) was an American film editor who received the Career Achievement Award from the American Cinema Editors (ACE). Cahn was best known as the head editor of the TV series, "I Love Lucy" and for his work as the head of post-production of comedienne Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz's Desilu Playhouse. Cahn would also go on to edit several more movies and TV series such as "The Beverly Hillbillies". Cahn worked with Orson Welles, Russ Meyer and others.
Early life.
Cahn was born and raised in Hollywood, California. His parents were Philip and Gertrude Cahn. Some members of the Cahn family were already in the film business at the time Danny Cahn was born. His family (his grandparents and his father, a baby at the time) had migrated from Poland and Russia to Philadelphia, before settling in New York on the lower east side of Manhattan.
The Cahn family would later move to Hollywood, where his uncle Edward L. "Eddy" Cahn had managed to join the film business in 1913. Eddy Cahn worked first as a prop man and then later moved up to become one of the top film editors at Universal Studios.
Dann Cahn's father, Philip Cahn, tried ranching in North Hollywood on a piece of property that he bought with proceeds he had saved and money earned from his wife Gertrude's dress shop ("Gertrude's" on Hollywood Boulevard). The ranch property was located at the junction of Vineland and Aqua Vista in North Hollywood next to the Los Angeles River. His father purchased 2,500 baby chicks. But one night the electricity gave out and the incubators went cold. The baby chicks didn't make it. Soon after, Philip Cahn would also join his brother in the film business as a film editor. Dann Cahn's father Philip edited "Imitation of Life" with Claudette Colbert.
With an uncle and father in the film business, young Danny Cahn grew up in Hollywood and would hang around his father's sets prior to World War II. Dann also got the itch to work on movies. Fascinated by the "Dead End Kids" pictures that were popular at the time and having acted in a few high school plays, young Danny Cahn thought he might like to become an actor. Cahn got his SAG card and worked on bit parts in several B-movies before deciding that most actors were starving and that he wanted a "real paying gig".
During World War II, Dann Cahn was among the hundreds of actors, directors, producers, writers, editors, cameramen, makeup artists and even musicians enlisted in the armed services who found themselves stationed not in the European front or the Pacific theater, but at the old Hal Roach Studios in Culver City. As members of the First Motion Picture Unit, these soldiers contributed to the war effort by making more than 400 training films and documentaries.
Of making films for the military, Cahn said, “I was an editor in the unit and two of us were sent to the Pentagon for a year and we made newsreels. We were all in for 3½ years, and most of us got a world of experience." 
Cahn is the middle part of one of the only three-generation families in ACE editing history. His father, Philip Cahn, had a long career at Universal, mainly cutting Abbott and Costello comedies. His son, Danny Cahn Jr., ACE, is also picture editor on features and TV series, and was elected president of the Motion Picture Editor's Guild at the beginning of 2011.
Career highlights.
Dann Cahn started out working in a film library and then later moved up as an assistant editor on motion pictures. His first job in television came in 1949, the "Lucky Strike Showtime". Most notably, Cahn worked at Desilu on the TV series, "I Love Lucy". Cahn also edited "The Untouchables", and "The Loretta Young Show". Dann Cahn also worked at Glenn Larson Productions as head of post production.
"I Love Lucy" was the first sitcom to shoot with three cameras and ship in 35 mm instead of kinescopes. Cahn was one of the first editors to master cutting on a film Moviola with four heads (three for picture and one for sound). Cahn's work on "I Love Lucy" is featured in the Lucille Ball-Desi Arnaz Center in Jamestown, New York, which has an exhibit including his "three-headed monster" editing machine.
At Desilu Studios, Cahn mentored several "I Love Lucy" team members, editors Gary Freund and Ted Rich both started as his apprentices. His other apprentices included Bud Molin and a fourth, “the one I had to nurse the longest...” Cahn said, “that was Michael Kahn, ACE, and he is now the number one editor in town, doing all of Steven Spielberg’s shows.”
Cahn would go on to work with several notable feature film directors, including Orson Welles ("Fountain of Youth") and the notorious Russ Meyer ("Beyond the Valley of the Dolls"). Cahn would also direct at least one episode of the classic TV series, "Leave It to Beaver" and would also produce and/or direct several other films or television shows.
Personal life.
In 1953, Cahn married former pro golfer Judy Cahn (1929–2010). They had a son, Daniel Cahn Jr., who is also a film editor (third generation). They also had a daughter, Dana (1955–1973).
Cahn's hobby was collecting exotic birds.
Death.
Cahn died of natural causes at his West Los Angeles home on November 21, 2012 at the age of 89. His remains were interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Hollywood Hills).

</doc>
<doc id="18439118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439118" title="Busan Rock Festival">
Busan Rock Festival

Busan Rock Festival, inaugurated in 2000, is a music festival that takes place every year in August in Busan, near beach. The lineups accumulate acts of various genres such as rock, metal, indie. The admission is free of charge.
2000 line-up.
15 July ~ 17 July, Gwangalli Beach, Busan
2001 line-up.
11 August ~ 13 August, Gwangalli Beach, Busan
2002 line-up.
1 June ~ 3 June, Gwangalli Beach, Busan
2003 line-up.
7 August ~ 9 August, Da-Dae-Po Beach, Busan
2004 line-up.
5 August ~ 7 August, Da-Dae-Po Beach, Busan
2005 line-up.
5 August ~ 7 August, Da-Dae-Po Beach, Busan
2006 line-up.
5 August ~ 7 August, Da-Dae-Po Beach, Busan
2007 line-up.
4 August ~ 5 August, Da-Dae-Po Beach, Busan
2008 line-up.
2 August ~ 3 August, Da-Dae-Po Beach, Busan
2009 line-up.
7 August ~ 9 August, Da-Dae-Po Beach, Busan
2010 line-up.
6 August ~ 8 August, Da-Dae-Po Beach, Busan
2011 line-up.
5 August ~ 7 August, Samrak Park, Busan
2012 line-up.
3 August ~ 5 August, Samrak Park, Busan

</doc>
<doc id="18439130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439130" title="Musically Incorrect">
Musically Incorrect

Musically Incorrect is the tenth studio album by American hard rock/heavy metal band Y&T, released in 1995 through the Music for Nations label. It is the first Y&T release since reuniting in 1995, and contains the same line up as when they disbanded in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18439134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439134" title="Miss Budweiser">
Miss Budweiser

The Miss Budweiser were 22 Hydroplanes sponsored by Budweiser beer. They were owned (some were leased backups) by Bernie Little and (after his death in April, 2003), his youngest son, Joe. Anheuser-Busch sponsorship began in 1963, thanks to the friendship of Bernie, and (then) A-B President August Busch, III. 
Joe stopped racing after the 2004 season, when changes in Anheuser-Busch leadership resulted in them ending their 43 very successful years of sponsorship.

</doc>
<doc id="18439142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439142" title="Going Where the Lonely Go">
Going Where the Lonely Go

Going Where the Lonely Go is an album by American recording artist Merle Haggard, released in 1982. It peaked at No. 3 on the Billboard Hot Country Albums chart. The album bore two singles, both of which reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart: the title track and "You Take Me For Granted" (the latter track written by Haggard's wife, Leona Williams).
"Going Where the Lonely Go" was recorded during the same sessions that produced "Big City".
Reception.
Allmusic critic Thom Jurek stated in his review: "Haggard and the Strangers were one of the tightest and most sophisticated bands in country music, inspired by the elaborate arrangements of Bob Wills' band, to the point where Haggard's music from this period transcends country music in its appeal and elegance. It's a pity this one didn't get the notice it deserved — it's a masterpiece." Music critic Robert Christgau didn't think as highly of it, writing "... material that might be touching from a more austere singer is barely credible, and the three songs that open side two... ooze with the kind of moist self-pity ordinarily encountered only in leaders of the men's liberation movement."
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Merle Haggard; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="18439143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439143" title="Julius Yemans Dewey">
Julius Yemans Dewey

Dr. Julius Yemans Dewey ( - ) was an American doctor of medicine and businessman in the state of Vermont during the 19th century. He was born in Berlin, Vermont. He attended Washington County Grammar School and then the University of Vermont.
His first wife and the mother of his children was Mary Perrin whom he married in 1825. She died young, however, and he had two later marriages without issue, to Susan Edson Tarbox and Susan Elizabeth Griggs Lilley.
He was a founder of the Christ Episcopal church of Montpelier. He served as a trustee of Norwich University. He was a founder of and later president of the National Life Insurance Company and he personally delivered the remittance for the company's first claim, prompting a public thank-you from the surviving family.
He served as a surgeon for the First Regiment of the Vermont State Militia. One of his sons was USN Admiral of the Navy and hero of the Spanish-American War George Dewey.
Family.
He was born to Simeon Dewey (1770 - 1863) and his wife Prudence Yemens (1772 - 1844). They were married on February 27, 1794.
"A concise life of Admiral George Dewey" (1899) by William J. Lawrence mentions his parents briefly. "His son Simeon was the admiral's grandfather — Captain Simeon Dewey, born at Hebron, Connecticut, in 1770, who married Prudence Yemans in 1794. When the time came to strike out for himself he chose to settle in Berlin, Vermont, four miles from Montpelier, the capital, where he prospered and survived to the age of ninety-three. Among his sons was one, Julius Yemans, born in 1801, who 
turned to books rather than to the ax and plow of the farmer of three-quarters of a century ago, and became exceptional among his fellows by that ambition." 
Career.
Lawrence continues by giving a life account of Julius. "While still very young he began to teach school in Montpelier, but only as a means to further schooling for himself. By that thrift which so often accompanies and makes most serviceable the natural energy of the New Englander, the young schoolmaster was saving money in order to educate himself as a physician. This he succeeded in doing, was graduated from the University of Vermont, and became the most prominent practitioner and one of the leading citizens of the capital of Vermont." 
"At the age of twenty-four young Dr. Dewey went to his home neighborhood for a wife and married the beautiful Mary Perrin, his boyish sweetheart. That neighborhood then, as now, was practically divided between the Deweys and the Perrins, and two lines of good stock and common tradition and interest were united by this local and friendly marriage. They at once made their residence in Montpelier, and there were born their four children, Charles, Edward, George and Mary."
"Dr. Julius Dewey was known everywhere for his strong sense of duty and integrity. He was universally trusted. No one can look at the broad, honest face with its high forehead, firm mouth and square chin, without feeling that it is the countenance of a man who would do his duty fearlessly; and no one can look at the kindly eyes, with a twinkle even in the little wrinkles about their corners, without recognizing the cheery humor which was perhaps the strongest characteristic of the man. The doctor was always for looking on the bright side of things, and this good cheer was worth more, no doubt, to his patients than were his medicines. He had excellent judgment, and prospered until he soon became one of the wealthy men of his town. At the age of fifty he had saved a considerable fortune, and in order to invest it to good advantage he formed the National Life Insurance Company, which is now 
the most important corporation in central Vermont, and is still a source of wealth to the family. Until his death in 1877 he was its president. Then his son Charles became its presiding officer, and another son, Edward — the eldest of the family — became and remains a leading director." According to "Wish You Were Here" (1999), an article on towns of Vermont and their history by Craig Bailey, the company was founded in 1850 and was still active by the end of the 20th century. "It's one of the 10 oldest insurance companies in the country States and one of the largest private employers in Montpelier. Founded by Vermont doctor Julius Dewey in 1850, the company has more than a quarter-million policyholders served by 3,500 brokers and agents in all 50 states and the District of Columbia." 
"Dr. Dewey was a deeply religious man, worshiping according to the forms of the Episcopal denomination. He was the founder of Christ Church, in Montpelier". ... "One of the habits of the household was the Sunday evening singing at home after church, led by the doctor himself; for he was fond of all music, and possessed an excellent voice." ... "It is not surprising also to learn that Dr. Dewey was fond of poetry, and that Burns, the balladist of rural life and the most cheerful of philosophers, was his favorite. Cowper was another poet often read." 
"Dewey and Other Naval Commanders" (1899) by Edward Sylvester Ellis contains a shorter but similar account. "Following down the family line, we come to the birth of Julius Yemans Dewey, August 22, 1801, at Berlin, Vermont. He studied medicine, practiced his profession at Montpelier, the capital, and became one of the most respected and widely known citizens of the State. He was married three times, and by his first wife had three sons and one daughter. The latter was Mary, and the sons were Charles, Edward, and George". ... "Dr. Dewey was a man of deep religious convictions. In middle life he gave up the practice of medicine and founded the National Life Insurance Company, to whose interests he devoted his time and ability, and met
with a good degree of success." 
According to Lawrence, Dewey was a member of the local school committee when his son George was eleven-years-old (c. 1848). When teacher Z. K. Pangborn complained about the son's behavior at school, Julius was not particularly impressed. "'If you can't manage that eleven-year-old boy you'd better resign your position,' replied the doctor grimly."
Education of George.
Ellis expands on the role Julius and Pangborn played in the education of George Dewey. "An incident is related by Z.K. Pangborn, the well known editor of New Jersey, who took charge of the Montpelier school, in which George Dewey was a pupil. The school was notorious for the roughness of a number of its pupils, who had ousted more than one instructor and welcomed the chance to tackle a new one. Master Dewey was the ringleader of these young rebels, and chuckled with delight when the quiet-looking,
ordinary-sized teacher sauntered down the highway to begin his duties in the schoolroom." 
"At the time of the gentleman's appearance George was sitting astride of a big limb in a tree at the side of the road, his pockets bulging with stones, which he was hurling with unpleasant accuracy at every one who came within range. Several youngsters were howling from having served as targets to the urchin up the tree, and as soon as Mr. Pangborn saw how things were going he shouted to Dewey to stop his sport. The boy replied by advising the teacher to go to the hottest region named in works on theology, and, descending the tree, led several young scamps in an attack upon the instructor. There was a lively brush, in which it cannot be said that either party was the victor." 
"A drawn battle is always unsatisfactory to two armies, and George determined to have it out in the schoolroom with the teacher, who, expecting the struggle, had prepared for it and was as eager as the boys for the fight. As before, Dewey was the leader in the attack on the pedagogue, who was wiry, active, and strong. He swung his rawhide with a vigor that made Dewey and the others dance, but they pluckily kept up the assault, until the instructor seized a big stick, intended to serve as fuel for the old-fashioned stove, and laid about him with an energy that soon stretched the rebels on the floor. Then how he belabored them! As fast as one attempted to climb to his feet he was thumped back again by the club that continually whizzed through the air, and if a boy tried to stay the storm by remaining prone, the instructor thumped him nonetheless viciously. Indeed, matters had got to that point that he enjoyed the fun and was loath to let up, as he felt obliged to do, when the howling rebels slunk to their seats, thoroughly cowed and conquered. George Dewey was the most battered of the lot and made a sorry sight. In fact, he was so bruised that his teacher thought it prudent to accompany him to his home and explain to his father the particulars of the affray in school. Mr. Pangborn gave a detailed history of the occurrence, to which Dr. Dewey listened gravely. When he understood everything, he
showed his good sense by thanking the teacher for having administered the punishment, asking him to repeat it whenever the conduct of his son made it necessary." 
"This chastisement marked a turning point in the boy's career. He did a good deal of serious thinking throughout the day, and saw and felt his wrongdoing. He became an attentive, obedient pupil, and years after, when grown to manhood, he warmly thanked Mr. Pangborn for having punished him with such severity, frankly adding: "I believe if you hadn't done so I should have ended my career in the penitentiary." Dr. Dewey wished to give George a career in the army, and he sent him to
Norwich University, a military training school, in order to fit him for the Military Academy at West Point. George's tastes, however, were for the navy, and after much pleading with his father he brought him to his way of thinking. The utmost that Dr. Dewey could do was to secure the appointment of his son as alternate, who, as may be understood, secures the appointment only in the event of the principal failing to pass the
entrance examination. In this case the principal would have passed without trouble, and, to quote an ordinary expression, George Dewey would have been "left," had not the mother of the other boy interposed at the critical moment. Under no circumstances would she allow her son to enter the navy. He was compelled to give up all ambition in that direction and to take up the study of theology. At this writing he is a popular preacher, who will always believe it was a most providential thing for our country that turned him aside from blocking the entrance of George Dewey to the Naval Academy at Annapolis." Ellis does not name the other candidate for the Naval Academy. Lawrence identifies him as George B. Spalding.

</doc>
<doc id="18439156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439156" title="The Handicapped">
The Handicapped

"The Handicapped" is a science fiction short story written in 1967 by Larry Niven, set in the "Known Space" universe. The story introduces the Grogs; the sessile but sentient inhabitants of the planet known as Down.
Plot.
Mr Garvey arrives at the planet Down, having heard about the natives called Grogs. Garvey Limited, a company owned by his father, makes artificial limbs and other tools for the "Handicapped" species; sentient beings that evolved minds but with nothing that would serve as hands, like dolphins. A local reluctantly agrees to show him a living Grog in the desert, but the Grog turns out to be a disappointment. It is sessile enough, being a furry cone living anchored to a rock, but it seems utterly void of sentience. The latter observation is later confirmed by a local exobiologist.
The next morning, Garvey has a revelation. Somehow he knows the Grogs are sentient, without knowing why he knows. He returns to the desert and finds another Grog that begins to communicate with Garvey telepathically. It turns out the Grogs are indeed sentient beings with strong telepathic abilities, but for fear of being perceived as a threat for this very reason, they have concealed this until now. But having read Garvey's mind, seeing he can help them break their isolation, they are willing to take their chances...

</doc>
<doc id="18439157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439157" title="Maronite Youth Organization">
Maronite Youth Organization

Maronite Youth Organization(MYO) is a national youth group for teenagers that go to a Maronite church in the United States. It started in 1970s with the first gathering of MYO members in 1978 at Shrine in North Jackson, Ohio. Since then, every year there has been a national retreat along with many regional retreats.
Mission statement.
The young men perseverance Council (YMPC) The primary purpose of this organization shall be to promote the spiritual welfare of its members, to strengthen youth groups in the Christian spiritual faith, to have prayer days, to learn more about each other and to grow socially and intellectually. Our goal is to build a community of teens and adults. We will also provide shelter which will be a safe haven for all the youths. We also will instill guidance as well as self-awareness Within this organization, we hope to strive opportunities for the development of personal faith and service to others and systematic instruction in our religious tradition. The youths will also practice accepting ownership for their actions as well as civic duty. To achieve this goal, we will:
Election.
Every year there are elections for who would hold what position. Names go on the ballot during November meeting and the election are held during the December meeting. Positions are President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Sergeant-At-Arms. The President is in charge of the meetings, and everything that goes on during the meeting. The Vice President takes over only if the President can't make it to a meeting. The Secretary takes notes of the meeting and who was attending. The Treasurer is in charge of all the money it makes during the year. Depending on the size of the MYO in certain parishes, a Sergeant-At-Arms might be needed to keep control if things go out of control. A person may not be allowed to serve a term longer than 2 years in a row of an office and are not allowed to run unopposed.
Retreats.
Every year there has been a national retreat where the youth come, and enjoy themselves for a week.
Some of the past retreats were held in:

</doc>
<doc id="18439163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439163" title="Shanghai Symphony Orchestra">
Shanghai Symphony Orchestra

Shanghai Symphony Orchestra () is an influential orchestra in China. The music director is Yu Long.
It was founded in 1879 as Shanghai Public Band, one of the earliest orchestras in Eastern Asia. It was renamed to Shanghai Municipal Council Symphony Orchestra in 1922. Starting in 1919, an Italian pianist, Mario Paci, served as conductor for 23 years. He expanded the ensemble into a full-scale orchestra. After the establishment of the People's Republic of China, the orchestra changed its name a few times, and in 1956, adopted its current name. See more details at [http://www.sh-symphony.com/en/index.asp].

</doc>
<doc id="18439166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439166" title="Don Chee Way and Steuart Station">
Don Chee Way and Steuart Station

Don Chee Way and Steuart Station is a light rail station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves heritage railway line. It is located on Don Chee Way, a streetcar right-of-way, between Steuart Street and The Embarcadero and serves as the station for the San Francisco Railway Museum.
Don Chee Way was named after Donald Chee, a San Francisco Municipal Railway project manager who was responsible for getting the F Market & Wharves line built. Donald Chee died on Monday, August 26, 2002 of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18439174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439174" title="Amanda Balon">
Amanda Balon

Amanda Balon (born 1997) is a professional, American, child actress vocalist and dancer. She is best known for playing the title role in the nationwide Broadway tour of the musical Annie. Amanda initially joined the 30th anniversary cast(directed by Broadway director and script lyricist, Martin Charnin) as the youngest orphan, Molly. At age nine, she was given the lead role of Little Orphan Annie. She remained with the production company NETworks Presentations for 3 years.
Biography.
Amanda Balon was born in Kansas City, Kansas and was raised in Zimbabwe, Africa along with her twin brother and older sister. She has been performing since the age of three. Amanda entered the Daystar Academy of the Performing Arts as their youngest student. She is also a member of the Senior competition travel team.
Recordings.
Amanda Balon is part of the all-star cast on the 30th anniversary recording of the Broadway musical released by Time Life Records. Balon sings the never-before-recorded solos from Annie 2. She joins Carol Burnett, Sally Struthers, Kathie Lee Gifford, Andrea McArdle, John Schuck, Harve Presnell, Gary Beach, Marissa O'Donnell and other members from the original cast on the double CD which was produced by Robert Sher and released in June 2008.
Besides Annie.
In 2005 Balon represented the United States in the performing arts olympics, the World Championships of Performing Arts in Hollywood, California . She beat out 3000 contestants from forty different countries winning sixteen medals and the divisional acting title. Amanda returned again in 2008 as a guest vocalist to open the Grand Finale Showcase and to join multi-platinum recording artist, Jed Madela and 2007 Grand Champion, Aria Clemente, in performing Queen's, "We are the Champions". Amanda has performed in many professional theater productions and several independent films.

</doc>
<doc id="18439187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439187" title="Viktor Hrachov">
Viktor Hrachov

Viktor Oleksandrovych Hrachov (, born 17 September 1956 in Dzerzhynsk) is a retired Soviet and Ukrainian football player and currently a manager.
International career.
Hrachov played his only game for USSR on 15 May 1984 in a friendly against Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="18439197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439197" title="Market and The Embarcadero Station">
Market and The Embarcadero Station

Market and The Embarcadero Station, or the Ferry Building Station, is a light rail station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves heritage railway line. It is located on The Embarcadero at the foot of Market Street, in front of the Ferry Building.

</doc>
<doc id="18439222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439222" title="Podolian Upland">
Podolian Upland

The Podolian Upland (Podolian Plateau) or Podillia Upland (, "podil’s’ka vysochyna") is an upland in western and southwestern Ukraine, with its small northwestern part stretching into eastern Poland. The Podolian Upland and the Volhynian Upland are often taken together as the Volhynian-Podolian Upland.

</doc>
<doc id="18439234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439234" title="Dominic W. Massaro">
Dominic W. Massaro

Dominic W. Massaro is Professor of Psychology and Computer Engineering at the University of California, Santa Cruz. He is best known for his fuzzy logical model of perception, and more recently, for his development of the computer animated talking head Baldi. Massaro is director of the Perceptual Science Laboratory, past president of the Society for Computers in Psychology, book review editor for the American Journal of Psychology, founding Chair of UCSC's Digital Arts and New Media program, and was founding co-editor of the interdisciplinary journal Interpreting. He has been a Guggenheim Fellow, a University of Wisconsin Romnes Fellow, a James McKeen Cattell Fellow, an NIMH Fellow, and in 2006 was recognized as a Tech Museum Award Laureate.
Massaro received his B.A. in Psychology from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1965, and completed his Ph.D. in Mathematical Psychology at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1968. After his postdoctoral work at the University of California, San Diego, he was Professor of Psychology at the University of Wisconsin, Madison from 1970 to 1979, before moving to UCSC where he has remained since.
Massaro's research focuses on applying an information processing approach to the study of language, perception, memory, cognition, and decision making. In collaboration with Gregg Oden, he developed the fuzzy logical model of perception, which stresses the integration of multiple sources of information when modeling perception. This model has been shown to be mathematically equivalent to Bayes' theorem. Massaro's approach conflicts with the motor theory of speech perception and Massaro has been a critic.
Stemming from this early work, Massaro established a research program demonstrating the importance of information from the face in speech perception. As part of this program, Massaro, along with researcher Michael Cohen, developed the computer animated talking head known as Baldi. The Baldi technology is special in its extraordinary accuracy, and has been expanded to speak in numerous languages. In recent years, Massaro has become more involved with applied research, using his talking head technology to benefit language learners, including those facing learning challenges such as deafness and autism. For this work, he was named a 2006 Tech Microsoft Education Award Laureate by the Tech Museum of Innovation.
One focus of his current research is on the development and theoretical and applied use of a completely synthetic and animated head (iBaldi) for speech synthesis, language tutoring, and edutainment. Massaro founded Psyentific Mind, Inc with the goal of using Behavioral Science and Technology to extend the range of the human mind. The company currently has 8 iPhone/iPad apps in the Apple app store. These include apps for enhancing literacy, phonics, tile matching games for learning vocabulary and phonics, automated speech recognition in face to face communication, and learning to tell time with Kid Klok, an easy-to-read analog clock for children.
Massaro is husband to Karen Thuesen Massaro and father to Pia T. Massaro and Andrew T. Massaro 

</doc>
<doc id="18439242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439242" title="Hyosung GV250">
Hyosung GV250

Hyosung GV250 is a 249 cc cruiser motorcycle producing 28.5 horse power (2010 version).
The GV250 features the same electronic fuel injection (EFI) as the larger GV650.
Its 4-stroke, 8-valve, double-overhead-cam engine is air- and oil-cooled.

</doc>
<doc id="18439247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439247" title="Washington and The Embarcadero Station">
Washington and The Embarcadero Station

Washington and The Embarcadero Station is a light rail station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves heritage railway line. It is located on The Embarcadero at Washington Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18439257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439257" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 16">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 16

The 16th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up parts of Allegheny County and Beaver County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="18439259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439259" title="Broadway and The Embarcadero Station">
Broadway and The Embarcadero Station

Broadway and The Embarcadero Station is a light rail station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves heritage railway line. It is located on The Embarcadero at Broadway.

</doc>
<doc id="18439264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439264" title="Susie Elelman">
Susie Elelman

Susie Elelman is an Australian television presenter, model, and author, most famous for her appearances on daytime television in Australia. From 2007-2008, she hosted her own talk show, titled "Susie".
According to records at the National Museum of Australia, Elelman was a participant in the Miss Northern Beaches and Miss New South Wales beauty competitions, and was in the national final of the Miss Australia Quest of 1973.
In mid-2007, Elelman hosted her own daily talk show, titled "Susie", which was broadcast on the WIN Television network. The network's chief executive at the time, David Butorac, axed the show in 2009. Butorac says that he himself was sacked from the network because of his decision to cancel Elelman's show, which was said to be a favourite of the network's owner, Bruce Gordon.
Elelman has shocked local media by her provocative appearances at the annual television Logie Awards.
In 2004 she appeared at the awards with her head shaved.
In 2001 and 2011 it was her revealing outfits that made headlines.
In 2011, Elelman and entertainer Barry Crocker co-hosted the Australian music industry's annual Mo Awards.
Since 2011, Elelman has appeared in a weekly guest spot on Channel Seven's "The Morning Show".

</doc>
<doc id="18439280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439280" title="Green and The Embarcadero Station">
Green and The Embarcadero Station

Green and The Embarcadero Station is a light rail station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves heritage railway line. It is located on The Embarcadero at Green and Davis Streets.

</doc>
<doc id="18439286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439286" title="Michael J. Fitzgerald (writer)">
Michael J. Fitzgerald (writer)

Michael James Fitzgerald, (born November 14, 1957 in Portland, Oregon) is an American writer. He is the author of 19 books, and is best known for his technical books. Beside English, his technical works have been translated into Spanish, Portuguese, French, German, Japanese, and Chinese. In addition to technical books, Fitzgerald has also written extensively for XML.com. An avid journal writer, Fitzgerald has written over 7,000 pages in his private journals over the past 37 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18439290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439290" title="Greenwich and The Embarcadero Station">
Greenwich and The Embarcadero Station

Greenwich and The Embarcadero Station is a light rail station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves heritage railway line. It is located on The Embarcadero at Greenwich Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18439308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439308" title="I Predict">
I Predict

"I Predict" is a song by Sparks. It was released in 1982 as the only single from "Angst in My Pants", although an effort was made to release "Eaten by the Monster of Love" as a second single. The group promoted the single with a typically eclectic performance on Saturday Night Live. They also performed "Mickey Mouse", another "Angst in My Pants" track.
Video.
A music video made to accompany the single featured Ron Mael in drag doing a striptease. The video was directed by David Lynch.

</doc>
<doc id="18439312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439312" title="Chestnut and The Embarcadero Station">
Chestnut and The Embarcadero Station

Chestnut and The Embarcadero Station is a light rail station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves heritage railway line. It is located on The Embarcadero at Chestnut and Sansome Streets.

</doc>
<doc id="18439382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439382" title="Rio Grande White Ware">
Rio Grande White Ware

The Rio Grande white wares comprise multiple pottery traditions of the prehistoric Puebloan peoples of New Mexico. About AD 750, the beginning of the Pueblo I Era, after adhering to a different and widespread regional ceramic tradition (the Cibola White Ware tradition) for generations, potters of the Rio Grande region of New Mexico began developing distinctly local varieties of black-on-white pottery. This pottery involved the use of black mineral paint (mostly before AD 1200) or black vegetal paint (mostly after AD 1200) on a white, off-white, or light gray background. The black-on-white tradition finally died out about AD 1750.
Archaeologists divide the Rio Grande white wares into arbitrary types with much shorter life spans, primarily to help them date sites. Individual potsherds are assigned to types based on a combination of attributes including paste, temper, slip, paint composition, and design styles.
Overview and cautions.
The Rio Grande white wares were made along the Rio Grande and adjacent valleys, from the Taos area south to San Marcial. The hallmark of Rio Grande white wares (as for the northern ancestral Puebloan peoples as a whole, from AD 500 to 1300) is the use of black painted designs on smoothed, often slipped, and sometimes polished white or light gray backgrounds. This combination of colors was achieved by firing pottery in a reducing (oxygen-starved) atmosphere. Despite these commonalities, the various Rio Grande traditions are only loosely related; the common thread is that each group of potters pursued variations on the regional black-on-white decorative tradition. When the various types are grouped, as is done here, it is primarily as a matter of classificatory convenience.
The earliest black-on-white pottery made in the region was part of the Cibola White Ware tradition, which extended across the southeastern Colorado Plateau and into areas to the east and south. Thus, for example, Red Mesa Black-on-white of the Cibola tradition is common on Rio Grande region sites of the Pueblo II. In time, however, distinctly local pottery traditions arose. At first, as in the early Cibola White Ware tradition, the black paint used to paint pottery was mineral based. (For Arroyo Hondo Pueblo outside Santa Fe, Habicht-Mauche [1993:15–17] classifies the local mineral-painted white wares as the "Rio Grande Series" of Cibola White Ware rather than as a separate tradition.) After AD 1200, organic-based black paint (which reduces to amorphous graphite during firing) became the norm (Wendorf and Reed 1955). After 1750, the black-on-white pottery tradition had died out completely among Rio Grande Puebloan peoples. Some modern potters, especially those at Acoma Pueblo, have revived the tradition.
Archaeologists divide the Rio Grande white wares into a number of types. what follows is not an exhaustive typology (those can be found in the references provided). Rather, it is just extensive enough to allow non-specialists to understand the reasons for the existing named distinctions.
Named variants.
One local variant on the Cibola tradition, San Marcial Black-on-white (AD 750–950) was used along the Rio Grande between Cochiti and Elephant Butte Reservoir. San Marcial was inspired by early vessels of the Cibola White Ware tradition, and similarly had simple painted designs of the Pueblo I tradition were executed in black mineral paint. San Marcial can be distinguished from the early Cibola types by its off-white paste containing sand and crushed rock (hornblende-latite) temper, and by thick vessel walls with polished but usually unslipped surfaces (Marshall and Walt 1984:37; Mera 1935:25; Wilson 2005:22). Later in the same general area, Socorro Black-on-white (AD 1050–1300) was characterized by carefully prepared designs using deep black, finely crazed mineral paint on a thin slip. The designs included combinations of solids and line hatching. Bowls were painted on the interiors only (Hawley 1950:36; Wilson 2005:25).
A different local black-on-white tradition, featuring designs painted on bowl interiors, began with Kwahe’e Black-on-white (AD 1050–1250). This type was derived from the Cibola tradition and, like that tradition, featured mineral-based black paint and sherd-tempered paste. Hawley (1950:35P called Kwahe'e "An isolated northern Rio Grande form of Escavada Black on White" the Cibola tradition. Habicht-Mauche (1993:15) takes a slightly different view of Kwahe'e: "Clearly an indigenous product, it marks the beginning of a succession of black-on-white types unique to the northern Rio Grande area." She acknowledges, however, "Stylistic influences from the west and northwest" (Habicht-Mauche 1993:15). While Escavada vessels tend to have obvious white slips, Kwahe’e vessels are unslipped or thinly slipped, and the designs are less well executed (Hawley 1950:35; Mera 1935:5–6; Wilson 2005:26).
For pieces produced after 1200, when potters changed to a watery-looking organic black paint, the type name for this local tradition changes to Santa Fe Black-on-white (AD 1250–1350) (Hawley 1950:68–69; Wilson 2005:28). After 1300, the slip became whiter and the paint blacker, while the designs were carefully polished over. Such vessels, known as Wiyo Black-on-white (AD 1300–1400), can tentatively be ascribed to the prehistoric Tewa (Hawley 1950:70; Mera 1935; Wilson 2005:29). 
Vessels of a third, post-1300 tradition is classified as Galisteo Black-on-white (AD 1300–1400). The interior slip is thick, white, often pearly, and distinctly “crackled.” Sherds of Galisteo Black-on-white are further distinguished from Santa Fe and Wiyo Black-on-white by having a darker core or “carbon streak” when viewed in cross-section. Angular crushed sherd temper is prominent. Bowl decorations are on the interiors only (Wilson 2005:34). Rim ticking (widely spaced spots of paint on rims) occurs, suggesting a possible link to earlier white wares of the Mesa Verde region. Hawley (1950:69) asserted that in the central and western portion of its range, Galisteo Black-on-white “is so similar to Mesa Verde Black on White that it can be distinguished only by detailed observations.” A somewhat cruder local variant with soft paste, Rowe Black-on-white, was made in the upper Santa Fe and upper Pecos drainages (Hawley 1950:69; Wilson 2005:35).
A fourth series of types was made in the Jemez River drainage. Vallecitos Black-on-white (AD 1250–1400) features bowl interiors with thorough polishing over dark black paint and a thick white slip. Rim ticking is common, again suggesting connections to the white ware tradition of the Mesa Verde region. Bowl exteriors were unpainted. The subsequent type in this series, Jemez Black-on-white (AD 1300–1750) includes painted designs on the exteriors (Hawley 1950:70–71; Mera 1935: 22–23; Wilson 2005:36–37).
After 1375, potters in the Pajarito Plateau area and northward turned to a soft, porous gray paste that resulted in thicker, distinctly gray vessels. Biscuit A (or Abiquiu Black-on-gray) bowls were slipped and decorated on the interiors only; they date from AD 1375 to 1450. Biscuit B (or Bandelier Black-on-gray) bowls are slipped and decorated on both surfaces; they date from AD 1400 to 1550 (Wilson 2005:31–32). Sankawi Black-on-cream (AD 1500–1650) features cream-colored surfaces, thinner walls and harder paste, the color of which has a reddish tinge. Afterwards, the design scheme changed to include red paint, resulting in today’s Tewa Polychrome tradition (Wilson 2005:38).
Even farther north are types restricted to the Taos area. Taos Black-on-white (AD 1150–1250) features Dogoszhi style (hachured) designs, albeit poorly executed, in black mineral paint on white polished slips (Mera 1935:6; Wilson 2005:24). Vadito Black-on-white (AD 1325–1600) features black organic paint on white-slipped backgrounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18439403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439403" title="Peavine">
Peavine

Peavine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18439426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439426" title="New Bedford Fire Museum">
New Bedford Fire Museum

The New Bedford Fire Museum is located in the former Fire Station No. 4 at the corner of Sixth and Bedford streets in that city in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. The red brick building, opened in 1867, was one of the oldest continuously operating fire stations in the state when it was closed in 1979. In 1975 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Fire Station No. 44. The museum was opened the following year.
The museum has a collection of old firefighting equipment and some old fire engines. Visitors can try on old uniforms and slide down the pole. Old city fire records dating to 1890 are available for research and review.
Retired and active city firefighters act as docents.
Rain damage to the station's roof recently required the closing and renovation of the museum's second story. It reopened in July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18439427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439427" title="Ivan Sirakov">
Ivan Sirakov

Ivan Sirakov (born January 2, 1988) is a Bulgarian orienteering competitor from Veliko Tarnovo, who has competed for Bulgaria at two World Orienteering Championships, in 2007 and in 2008. He obtained a bronze medal at the Junior World Orienteering Championships.
Junior career.
Sirakov competed at the 2007 Junior World Orienteering Championships in Dubbo, where he received a bronze medal in "sprint", finishing 24 seconds behind the winner. This was the first medal for Bulgaria in the history of junior world orienteering championships.
He finished 7th in the "relay" with the Bulgarian team.
Senior career.
He represented Bulgaria at the World Orienteering Championships in Kiev in 2007, where the Bulgarian relay team finished 18th.
While still being a junior, he competed at the senior world championships in Olomouc in 2008, where he missed the sprint final by only one second in the qualifications.
Awards.
Sirakov was voted Veliko Tarnovo's sportsperson of the year 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18439436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439436" title="Ejector Seat Reservation">
Ejector Seat Reservation

Ejector Seat Reservation is the third studio album by the British alternative rock band, Swervedriver. The album includes three untitled hidden tracks which were only available in the United Kingdom.
Track listing.
The bonus track, "It's All Happening Now", on the first UK promo was shelved (given away to fan club members) after permission was denied to use lyrics lifted from Bob Dylan's "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue".
Sony BMG reissued the album in 2008 in the UK as a "Remastered and Expanded" edition with four bonus tracks

</doc>
<doc id="18439443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439443" title="Bay and The Embarcadero Station">
Bay and The Embarcadero Station

Bay and The Embarcadero Station is a light rail station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves heritage railway line. It is located on The Embarcadero at Bay Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18439444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439444" title="Western FastRail">
Western FastRail

Western FastRail is a proposed $2 billion privately funded underground and above-ground train line that would link central Sydney with Western Sydney independent from the CityRail network. Western FastRail is being backed by a consortium led by businessman and former union leader Michael Easson, which includes Dutch bank ABN AMRO and Australian construction company Leighton Holdings. As of 2008 the State Government has ruled out the project due to cost concerns.
History.
The project has been prompted by congestion on Sydney's westbound trains and roads, the growing importance of Parramatta as a business centre, higher petrol prices, public opposition to tolled roads and environmental concerns. An unreleased government document leaked to "The Daily Telegraph" suggests that such a train would eliminate the need of around 18 million car trips per year, reducing between 34,000 and 45,000 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions being put into the atmosphere.
The proposal was first made on 11 April 2002 when Col Gellatly, the state's top civil servant and director-general of the Department of Premier convened a meeting of Treasury secretary, John Pierce, the Transport NSW director-general, Michael Deegan, and the State Rail Authority chief executive, Howard Lacy. Before them consortium leader Michael Easson made a presentation for a privately financed rail line linking Sydney's far west with the city. For a $8 return toll on top of the normal fare, trains travelling at 160 km/h could carry up to 16,000 commuters an hour to the city in 28 minutes, taking 11 minutes from Parramatta to the city. The proposal depended on the construction of two tracks from St Marys to Penrith, as well as taking over existing CityRail tracks between St Marys to Westmead. Costed at $2 billion, it was deemed extraordinarily cheap, and in December 2003 the Government formally rejected the unsolicited proposal.
In March 2005 the proposal was again brought up, and again in December 2006 by then federal Opposition Leader Kevin Rudd during a visit to Penrith should the Australian Labor Party win the 2007 Federal Election. The plan has received approving comments by the NSW State Government. In September 2007 the proposal was again shown to the NSW Government.
On 18 March 2008, the NSW State Government announced the SydneyLink project which included the construction of a West Metro in the future linking Parramatta and the Sydney CBD. The Premier Morris Iemma was asked about the Western FastRail proposal, and said that "the proposal on Penrith has got to stack up," and "the work that has been done shows that it does not stack up, for a number of reasons." On 25 August, the State Government made a public announcement that it had ruled out the project two weeks earlier due to cost concerns, with the head of the consortium saying that the Government has failed to adequately review the proposal.
In April 2010 the West Metro was cancelled and the CBD Relief Line and Western Express were announced. These are similar to the Western FastRail proposal, but only include a new tunnel under the CBD, whereas the Western FastRail includes a tunnel all the way to Parramatta.
Proposed alignment.
It is proposed that two 26 km underground tunnels will link Sydney (possibly Wynyard station or a new nearby station to be built as part of MetroPitt) with Parramatta, with high-speed trains transversing across the distance in eleven minutes at speeds of up to 160 km/h. The line will continue above-ground to Blacktown in six minutes, and onwards to Penrith in a further eleven minutes. Currently on existing Sydney Trains lines these journeys take up to three times as long. 
There are 10 stations proposed for the Western FastRail:

</doc>
<doc id="18439471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439471" title="Amateur Hour">
Amateur Hour

"Amateur Hour" is a song by Sparks. It was released as the second single from the album "Kimono My House". A rerecording was produced in 1997 for the retrospective "Plagiarism" album. This new version was given a complete electronic synthpop overhaul and was performed with Erasure.
On 25 June 2009 the song Amateur Hour was involved in a stunt when UK magician and mentalist Mark Cairns predicted that radio personality George Lamb would choose the Sparks song in a free choice from a list of 100 tracks that had been recently played on Lambs "BBC 6 Music" show.

</doc>
<doc id="18439485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439485" title="Ihar Hurynovich">
Ihar Hurynovich

Ihar Mikalayevich Hurynovich (, , "Igor Nikolayevich Gurinovich") (born 5 March 1960 in Minsk) is a retired Soviet and Belarusian football player.
International career.
Hurynovich played his only game for USSR on March 28, 1984 in a friendly against West Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18439492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439492" title="Jefferson and The Embarcadero Station">
Jefferson and The Embarcadero Station

Jefferson and The Embarcadero Station is a light rail station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves heritage railway line. It is located on The Embarcadero at Jefferson Street, in front of Pier 39.

</doc>
<doc id="18439528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439528" title="Jefferson and Powell Station">
Jefferson and Powell Station

Washington and The Embarcadero Station is a light rail station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves heritage railway line. It is located on Jefferson Street at Powell Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18439549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439549" title="Jefferson and Taylor Station">
Jefferson and Taylor Station

Jefferson and Taylor Station is a light rail station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves heritage railway line. It is located on Jefferson Street at Taylor Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18439568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439568" title="Large-cell lymphoma">
Large-cell lymphoma

One classification system for lymphomas divides the diseases according to the size of the white blood cells that has turned cancerous. The large-cell lymphomas have large cells. A large cell, in this context, has a diameter of 17 to 20 µm. Other groups of lymphomas in this system are the small-cell lymphomas and mixed-cell lymphomas.
Types.
B cell.
Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma is the most common of the large-cell lymphomas. MeSH now classifies the phrase "large-cell lymphoma" under "Diffuse large B cell lymphoma".
Many other B-cell lymphomas feature large cells:
Activated B-Cell Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma, or ABC-DLBCL, is believed to be caused by aberrant activation of a critical intracellular pathway.
This intracellular signaling pathway involved in B-cell activation and proliferation stays constantly activated, driving lymphocytes to proliferate continuously.
The inhibition of this pathway can be induced by a drug known as NEMO Binding Domain, or NBD, a peptide causing increased cell death of malignant lymphocytes.
T cell.
Less commonly, a large-cell lymphoma may feature T cells. Anaplastic large-cell lymphoma is an example of a large-cell lymphoma that involves T cells. Of the large-cell T-cell lymphomas, it has the best prognosis.

</doc>
<doc id="18439593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439593" title="Mixed-cell lymphoma">
Mixed-cell lymphoma

Mixed-cell lymphomas are lymphomas that have both large cells and small cells in them. This nomenclature is derived from an older system of pathology, before technological advances allowed much more precise descriptions of the affected cancerous cells.
In MeSH, the phrase "mixed-cell lymphoma" is currently classified under non-Hodgkin lymphoma.

</doc>
<doc id="18439604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439604" title="Ohio State Route 137">
Ohio State Route 137

State Route 137 (SR 137) is a short north–south state highway in the southwestern portion of Ohio. Its southern terminus is at a T-intersection with State Route 136 in Cherry Fork, and its northern terminus is another T-intersection, this time with State Route 247 just south of Seaman.
Route description.
The starting point of State Route 137 is a T-intersection with State Route 136 in Cherry Fork, at the intersection of Main Street and 2nd Street. Following 2nd Street to the east-northeast, State Route 137 passes a number of homes as it makes its way out of Cherry Fork and into rural Wayne Township. The highway passes amidst rolling hills composed primarily of farmland but also the occasional patches of trees, along with the occasional house. State Route 137 bends to the northeast as it passes intersections with Paint Road, Mathias Road/Potts Road, McIntire Road and Martin Run Road. After following an S-curve to the north and then back to the northeast, State Route 137 carries through back-to-back intersections with Westbound and Eastbound Graces Run Road, respectively. The state route comes to an end upon arriving at its junction with State Route 247 at a T-intersection that forms at a sharp angle approximately mile south of Seaman and State Route 247's junction with State Route 32.
State Route 137 is not included as a part of the National Highway System.
History.
State Route 137 was established in 1924, composed of what is now State Route 247 from Wrightsville to Fairfax, and State Route 785 from Fairfax to Belfast. By 1927, State Route 137 was re-routed southwesterly along a previously un-numbered roadway from just south of Seaman to State Route 136 in Cherry Fork. The portion of State Route 137 from Wrightsville to West Union became State Route 247, and the portion from West Union to just south of Seaman would be removed from the state highway system, for the time being.
In 1937, the former State Route 137 from West Union to just south of Seaman was re-instated into the state highway system as an extension of State Route 247 that continued all the way to Hillsboro. Consequently, State Route 137 was shortened into the highway that it exists as today between Cherry Fork and State Route 237 just south of Seaman, with the portion of the highway between Fairfax and Belfast being re-designated as State Route 785.

</doc>
<doc id="18439613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439613" title="List of football stadiums in Argentina">
List of football stadiums in Argentina

The following is a list of football stadiums in Argentina, ordered by capacity. All stadiums with a capacity of 20,000 or more are included.

</doc>
<doc id="18439620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439620" title="Jones and Beach Station">
Jones and Beach Station

Jones and Beach Station is a light rail station in San Francisco, California, serving as the terminus of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves heritage railway line. It is located on Jones Street between Beach and Jefferson Streets.

</doc>
<doc id="18439621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439621" title="D'Andrea">
D'Andrea

D’Andrea or d’Andrea () is an Italian surname, literally meaning "Andrew's", "of Andrew" (it is cognate with the surname Anderson). It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18439643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439643" title="The Number One Song in Heaven">
The Number One Song in Heaven

"The Number One Song in Heaven" is a song by Sparks. It was featured in the closing credits of the 2013 film "".
Chart positions.
Original release (1979)
1997 rerecording

</doc>
<doc id="18439644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439644" title="Beach and Mason Station">
Beach and Mason Station

Beach and Mason Station is a light rail station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves heritage railway line. It is located on Beach Street at Mason Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18439647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439647" title="Lady's Island">
Lady's Island

Lady's Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18439670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439670" title="Beach and Stockton Station">
Beach and Stockton Station

Beach and Stockton Station is a light rail station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Municipal Railway's F Market & Wharves heritage railway line. It is located on Beach Street at Stockton Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18439691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439691" title="Ohio State Route 138">
Ohio State Route 138

State Route 138 (SR 138) is a east–west state highway in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. Its west terminus is at its intersection with SR 134 in Buford and its eastern terminus is at its intersection with US 22 east of Williamsport.
History.
SR 138 was first designated on its current route between Hillsboro and Greenfield in 1923, though the road had been a part of the state highway system since its creation in 1912 as SR 260. The route was extended in 1937 from its two ends to the route it travels today. No major changes to SR 138's routing have occurred since then.

</doc>
<doc id="18439695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439695" title="WEC 36">
WEC 36

WEC 36: Faber vs. Brown was a mixed martial arts event held by World Extreme Cagefighting that took place on November 5, 2008 at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Hollywood, Florida. The event aired live on the Versus Network.
Background.
WEC Middleweight Champion Paulo Filho fought Chael Sonnen in the co-main event of the evening in a rematch of their WEC 31 title fight, where Filho won via a controversial submission. The rematch was also supposed to be a title bout, but became a non-title fight after Filho failed to make weight. After losing the fight (but not the title) to Sonnen, Filho pledged to mail the belt to Sonnen, but the division was absorbed into the UFC on December 3, before future plans for the title could be determined, making this the last middleweight fight in WEC history.
Danillo Villefort was supposed to make his WEC debut against Jake Rosholt at this event, but was pulled from the bout after his visa expired. He was replaced by fellow WEC newcomer Nissen Osterneck.
This event was originally scheduled for September 10, 2008 but was postponed due to the threat of Hurricane Ike. [http://www.wec.tv/index.cfm?fa=news.detail&gid=14371]
The event drew an estimated 497,000 viewers on Versus.
Bonus Awards.
Fighters were awarded $7,500 bonuses.
Reported Payouts.
The following is the reported payout to the fighters as reported to the Florida State Athletic Commission. It does not include sponsor money or "locker room" bonuses often given by the WEC.
^ "Filho was forced to surrender 25 percent of his base pay to Sonnen after failing to make weight for the fight."

</doc>
<doc id="18439740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439740" title="North Star, Alberta">
North Star, Alberta

North Star is a hamlet in northern Alberta, Canada within the County of Northern Lights. It is located on the Mackenzie Highway (Highway 35), approximately south of Manning. It has an elevation of .
The hamlet is located in census division No. 17 and in the federal riding of Peace River.
Demographics.
Statistics Canada has not recently published a population for North Star.
However, Industry Canada shows that North Star's greater rural area had a total population of 1,546 living in 622 dwellings in 2001. With a land area of , its greater rural area has a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="18439784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439784" title="Desiclub.com">
Desiclub.com

Desiclub.com, New York is one of the premier online websites for South Asians worldwide. Being one of the original South Asian niche-focused websites, it has sustained its presence and success by offering cutting-edge content and services. It has a large following in North America, with a growing userbase in India Alexa.
Some of the content it provides relates to the latest event information in all major cities in the US and Canada, Bollywood content and music updates and user profiles. Some of its services include a full-fledged ticketing service, (which provides ticketing to most of the South Asian events taking place in the US, as well as movies). Desiclub.com is the leading online ticketing outlet in the US for Indian concerts and events.
History.
Desiclub.com was founded by Saroosh Gull. It has maintained its strategic position in Indian media by having penetrated the local Indian marketplace in all major cities.</ref>
Online ticketing.
Its history in the event marketing space has helped position Desiclub as a leader in online ticketing for the Indian-American marketplace.
In addition to offering online ticketing and classifieds, Desiclub.com has reached the South Asian demographic in North America through its content and services.
Desiclub helps.
Due its success, DesiClub.com has also developed a non-profit agenda, where it donates a percentage of its revenue to a select a minor number of non-profits Desiclub Helps.

</doc>
<doc id="18439799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439799" title="Ohio State Route 143">
Ohio State Route 143

State Route 143 (SR 143, OH 143) is a north–south state highway in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio. The southern terminus of State Route 143 is at a T-intersection with the concurrency of State Route 7 and State Route 124 approximately west of the village of Pomeroy. Its northern terminus is at a T-intersection with U.S. Route 50 nearly southwest of Albany.
Route description.
Along its way, State Route 143 passes through the western half of Meigs County and ducks into the extreme southwestern portion of Athens County. There is no portion of this state highway that is included within the National Highway System, a network of routes deemed most important for the country's economy, mobility and defense.
History.
The debut of the State Route 143 designation took place in 1923. Originally, this highway started in downtown Middleport at the intersection of 2nd Avenue, the former routing of State Route 7, and Mill Street. It followed Mill Street to the northwest, which becomes known as Bradbury Road once it leaves the village. State Route 143 continued on Bradbury Road to its intersection with State Route 124, then turned east onto the current alignment of State Route 124. It proceeded east to the State Route 7 intersection, then turned north onto what is presently the concurrency of State Route 7 and State Route 124 to the current southern terminus of State Route 143. It then followed the entirety of its current alignment, coming to an end at the predecessor to U.S. Route 50, State Route 26.
By 1969, in conjunction with the completion of a new State Route 7 bypass of Middleport and Pomeroy, the State Route 143 designation was removed from the portions located to the south of its current southern terminus, thus resulting in the highway taking on the shape it has today. Jurisdiction of the portion of State Route 143 along Mill Street in Middleport was turned over to the county, while control of the Bradbury Road section was transferred to Meigs County. The east–west concurrent segment with State Route 124 became just State Route 124, while the north–south concurrent stretch with State Route 124 turned into a concurrency of State Route 7 and State Route 124.

</doc>
<doc id="18439814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439814" title="USS Montauk (SP-1213)">
USS Montauk (SP-1213)

USS "Montauk" (SP-1213) was a tugboat purchased by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was assigned to towing duties in New York City waterways. Post-war she was decommissioned and sold.
History.
The third ship to be so named by the U.S. Navy, "Montauk" (SP 1213), ex-"Luckenbach No. 3", was built in 1899 by Neafie & Levy of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; purchased by the Navy from the Luckenbach S.S. Company, 12 October 1917; and commissioned 6 December 1917. 
Assigned to the 3d Naval District, the 434 gross ton tug operated out of New York City as a seagoing tug until 6 December 1919. Decommissioned the same month, "Montauk" was sold 21 May 1920 to the Bisso Towing Co.

</doc>
<doc id="18439821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439821" title="Cape Elizabeth (Sakhalin)">
Cape Elizabeth (Sakhalin)

Cape Elizabeth (, ) is a cape on the Schmidt Peninsula. It is the northernmost point of Sakhalin.
Cape Elizabeth was named by Adam Johann von Krusenstern (aka "Ivan Kruzenstern") in 1805 after Empress Elizaveta, wife of Alexander I of Russia.
The cape is a territory under administration of the Okhinsky District.

</doc>
<doc id="18439850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439850" title="Édouard-Raymond Fabre">
Édouard-Raymond Fabre

Édouard-Raymond Fabre (15 September 1799 – 16 July 1854) was a Canadian politician and bookseller, the Mayor of Montreal, Quebec between 1849 and 1851.
In 1807, he began studies at the Petit Séminaire de Montréal, where he remained until 1812 after which he was employed at a prominent hardware store owned by Arthur Webster. After nearly a decade there, Fabre spent a year in Paris to gain experience in book retailing at the Galeries Bossange.
Fabre remained in the bookselling business for years while supporting the Patriote movement for much of this time.
In 1848, Fabre entered municipal politics when he was elected a councillor in Montreal's East Ward. The following year he was elected Mayor, prompted financially restructuring of the city's finances and introduced measures to manage a cholera outbreak. Despite his reluctance to serve a second year as Mayor, Fabre served in that role until 1851.
Édouard-Raymond Fabre contracted cholera and died in July 1854. Leading politician Louis-Joseph Papineau paid tribute, declaring that Fabre "rendered outstanding services to the country."
Fabre is commemorated by a street in the Plateau Mont-Royal district and a park in Mercier-Hochelaga-Maisonneuve.

</doc>
<doc id="18439857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439857" title="Sandy Valdespino">
Sandy Valdespino

Hilario "Sandy" Valdespino Borroto (born January 14, 1939 in San José de las Lajas, Cuba) is an Cuban former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played from 1965 to 1971 for six different teams.

</doc>
<doc id="18439868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439868" title="The Execution of All Things (song)">
The Execution of All Things (song)

"The Execution of All Things" is the title track of Los Angeles-based indie rock band Rilo Kiley's second album. It was released as a single on September 22, 2003 via Saddle Creek. Rilo Kiley's cover of The Velvet Underground's "After Hours" appears as a b-side, as does a new track called "Emotional (Until Crickets Guide You Back)". The single and its b-sides are available to download on the iTunes Store.
Rolling Stone called the song "a checklist of modern destruction", praising Lewis' "girlish, ethereal voice that makes the band's brutal vision all the more startling."

</doc>
<doc id="18439925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439925" title="Shockoe Hill Cemetery">
Shockoe Hill Cemetery

The Shockoe Hill Cemetery is a historic cemetery located on Shockoe Hill in Richmond, Virginia.
History.
Established in 1820, with the initial burial in 1822, Shockoe Hill Cemetery was the first city-owned municipal burial ground in Richmond. The cemetery expanded in 1833, 1850, and 1870. It is now open only to burials of family members in existing family plots, but as of February 2014 plans are being developed to reclaim unused plots for re-sale, as well as to create niches for cremated remains. The City of Richmond still owns and maintains the cemetery. The Friends of Shockoe Hill Cemetery [http://www.foshc.org], a volunteer group formed in 2006, acts as a steward of the cemetery.
Shockoe Hill Cemetery is on the Virginia Landmarks Register and National Register of Historic Places.
About five hundred Union Army POWs had been buried just outside the east cemetery wall from 1861 to 1863, but their remains were moved to Richmond National Cemetery, three miles to the east, in 1866-67. Two markers, one placed by the United Daughters of the Confederacy in 1938, and the other by the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States (a/k/a MOLLUS) in 2002, memorialize those soldier burials. See: The Soldiers of Shockoe Hill (Union soldier burials) [http://soldiersofshockoehill.com
Shockoe Hill Cemetery is across the street from the Hebrew Cemetery of Richmond, a separate and privately-owned cemetery.
Notable burials.
The cemetery holds the graves of Chief Justice John Marshall; attorney John Wickham (counsel for Aaron Burr in Burr's 1807 treason trial); Revolutionary War hero Peter Francisco; famed Union spy Elizabeth Van Lew, as well as many members of her spy network; John Minor Botts, a Congressman and later a dedicated Unionist who helped lead opposition to the Confederate government; Virginia Governor William H. Cabell; Virginia Acting Governors John Mercer Patton (General George S. Patton's great-grandfather), John Rutherfoord, and John Munford Gregory; Judge Dabney Carr; United States Senators Powhatan Ellis and Benjamin W. Leigh; Dr. Daniel Norborne Norton, developer of the Norton grape; dozens of Revolutionary War soldiers; and hundreds of Confederate soldiers. It is believed the more than 400 veterans of the War of 1812 buried here is the largest such assemblage in the country. 
Many people important in the life of Edgar Allan Poe, who grew up and lived much of his adult life in Richmond, are interred at Shockoe Hill. Among them are Frances K. Allan, beloved foster-mother to Poe, and her husband John; Sarah Elmira Royster Shelton, perhaps the great love of Poe's life; and Jane Stith Craig Stanard, wife of prominent judge Robert Stanard and the inspiration for his poem "To Helen". 

</doc>
<doc id="18439940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439940" title="Sheldon Jones">
Sheldon Jones

Sheldon Leslie "Available" Jones (February 2, 1922 – April 18, 1991) was an American professional baseball player, a right-handed pitcher who played in the Major Leagues from – for the New York Giants, Boston Braves, and Chicago Cubs. He earned his nickname from a character in the Li'l Abner comic strip and because of his durability as both a starting pitcher and a reliever early in his MLB career as a member of the Giants. The native of Tecumseh, Nebraska, stood tall and weighed .
In , Jones appeared in 55 games played (fourth that season among National League pitchers), 21 as a starter and 34 in relief, worked in 201⅓ innings, and won 16 of 24 decisions, with five saves and eight complete games, while posting a creditable earned run average of 3.35. The following year, , Jones was mostly a starter (27 of his 42 games). He appeared in 207⅓ innings, won 15, lost 12, and had 11 complete games. He registered no saves, but still finished nine games, and lowered his ERA to 3.34. Finally, in , Jones worked in 40 games, 28 as a starter. He logged 199 innings, 11 more complete games and two saves, but his effectiveness diminished, as he posted a losing record (13–16) and a poor 4.61 ERA.
He pitched one more season in New York as a member of the 1951 National League pennant winners, and although again ineffective during the regular season, he pitched well during the 1951 World Series, appearing in two contests and saving Game 3 for Giants' starter Jim Hearn.
Jones wrapped up his MLB career with 61 games played, mostly in relief, for the Braves and Cubs. All told he surrendered 909 hits and 413 bases on balls (and amassed the same number of strikeouts) in 920 innings pitched during his Major League tenure. Of his 260 games pitched, 101 were as a starter and 159 came in relief. He finished with 12 saves.

</doc>
<doc id="18439947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439947" title="Gene E. K. Pratter">
Gene E. K. Pratter

Gene Ellen Kreyche Pratter (born 1949 in Chicago, Illinois) is a judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and former nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
Background.
Judge Pratter received her bachelor's degree from Stanford University in 1971, and her Juris Doctor from University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1975.
She was appointed to the court by President George W. Bush on November 3, 2003, to a seat on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania vacated by William H. Yohn. She was confirmed by the Senate on June 15, 2004, and received her commission on June 16, 2004. Prior to her appointment to the bench, she served as general counsel to the law firm of Duane Morris LLP.
Third Circuit nomination under Bush.
On November 15, 2007, she was nominated by President George W. Bush to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit vacated by Judge Franklin Stuart Van Antwerpen, who assumed senior status in 2006. In February 2008, the liberal group Leadership Conference on Civil Rights sent a letter to the Democrat-controlled Senate Judiciary Committee, then chaired by Senator Patrick Leahy, D-VT. The group claimed that Pratter had as a district court judge, "exhibited a willingness to prematurely dismiss the claims of civil rights plaintiffs and to inhibit advocacy by their counsel, thus denying these plaintiffs access to a full and fair legal process." As a result, Leahy refused to process her nomination for the rest of the 110th Congress. In an act of reconciliation with the Senate Democrats, Bush withdrew her nomination in July 2008 in favor of Paul S. Diamond.

</doc>
<doc id="18439948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439948" title="Kyles v. Whitley">
Kyles v. Whitley

Kyles v. Whitley, , is a United States Supreme Court case that held that a prosecutor has an affirmative duty to disclose evidence favorable to a defendant.
Background.
Elderly woman was shot in her temple after doing some food shopping. The gunman took her keys and drove away. James Joseph, an informant to the police, claimed to have purchased the car from Curtis Kyles on the day of the murder. Fearing that the car he purchased was fruit of the crime, he called the police to inform them of the circumstances. The informant’s name had changed from James Joseph in his first communication to the police to Joseph Banks, and finally to Joseph Wallace (also known as Beanie.) Also his story changed when he met with police in-person. He provided incriminating character evidence about the D. D appealed his conviction for first degree murder claiming that the state knew of evidence favorable to him before and during trial that it failed to disclose. The state supreme court remanded the case for an evidentiary hearing on the D’s claims of newly discovered evidence. The trial court, after review, denied relief. The state supreme court denied petitioner’s application for discretionary review. A petition for habeas corpus was then filed in district court, which denied the petition. The court of appeals affirmed by a divided vote. The Supreme Court granted cert and reversed and ordered a new trial holding that the net effect of the evidence withheld by the State in this case raised a reasonable probability that its disclosure would have produced a different result. A search of his house revealed the following evidence: purse in the trash, dog food, receipt, gun by the stove, holster and bullets. The defense tried to show that Beanie had set him up and planted the evidence for the purpose of earning money and removing an obstacle from a girl of his romantic interest. Further, defense contended that police were incompetent and the eyewitnesses were mistaken and there were alibi witnesses.
Kyles was convicted of murder. Beanie was the main person who originally inculpated Kyles even though later there were many eye witnesses who identified Kyles as the murderer. The police/state never disclosed to the defense inconsistent statements made by Beanie, statements made by Beanie where he incriminated himself, inconsistent descriptions made by the eye witnesses, and several other pieces of potentially exculpatory evidence.
Opinion of the Court.
The Court held that Kyles should be granted a new trial. The Court noted that Brady v. Maryland held that the suppression by the prosecution of evidence favorable to an accused upon request violates due process where the evidence is material either to guilt or to punishment, irrespective of the good faith or bad faith of the prosecution. The court also discussed United States v. Bagley and the reasonable probability of a different result standard. “The question is not whether the defendant would more likely than not have received a different verdict with the evidence, but whether in its absence he received a fair trial, understood as a trial resulting in a verdict worthy of confidence.” It noted that this test was not a sufficiency of the evidence test. “A defendant need not demonstrate that after discounting the inculpatory evidence in light of the undisclosed evidence, there would not have been enough left to convict." Finally, they noted that the evidence must be considered on a whole, not piece by piece. Ultimately they found that based on the evidence that was not brought to light, a reasonable juror could have found Kyles not guilty.

</doc>
<doc id="18439949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439949" title="Perkerson, Atlanta">
Perkerson, Atlanta

The Perkerson neighborhood (formerly called Perkerson Park neighborhood) is located in Southwest Atlanta, Georgia in NPU-X (Neighborhood Planning Unit). The name change was made by request of residents/members of the Perkerson Civic Association (PCA) in order to keep people from confusing the neighborhood with Perkerson Park which is the 
large park (49 acres) that serves the area.
Boundaries.
The neighborhood is surrounded by the Downtown Connector and I-75 to the east, SR 166 to the north, the Atlanta-East Point city limits to the west, and Cleveland Avenue to the south.
History.
The area that now encompasses the Perkerson neighborhood was originally owned by Jeremiah S. Gilbert (a farmer) who purchased the land from his father, the first doctor in Fulton County. Mr. Gilbert was married to Mathilda Perkerson, the daughter of Thomas Jefferson Perkerson who was the second sheriff of Fulton County who was from another pioneer family of Fulton County. The Perkerson neighborhood developed out of the land of Thomas J. Perkerson and Jeremiah S. Gilbert who bought from his father's holdings. The land was not developed fully until the 1950s.
Thomas J. Perkerson settled in Land Lots 103 and 104 (Perkerson Park and Sylvan Hills) with his family in the mid-1830s. His home stood for well over a hundred years on Perkerson Road (Old Rough and Ready Road) before its demolition for construction of a grocery store.
Thomas Perkerson was the second sheriff of Fulton County as well as one of its most notable citizens. His land was subdivided into Perkerson Park and Sylvan Hills in 1944 after the death of Lizzie Perkerson Butler, who was the last family member to live in the old house which had survived General Sherman's burning of Atlanta because the family refused to leave the house as Matilda Perkerson Gilbert was too sick to be moved.
The slum Plunkett Town was located at the southern edge of what is now Perkerson, around the current location of the I-75 Cleveland Avenue interchange.
Neighboring communities in NPU-X.
(Capitol View and Sylvan Hills) to the north, but they are at least a mile apart.
Hammond Park is located on the south side of Cleveland Avenue and extends down to the East Point city limits.
Great urban renewal story.
The Perkerson neighborhood is currently recovering from a serious decline. One of the major roads in the neighborhood, Metropolitan Pkwy., was once the site of the earliest family vacation motels and trailer parks for vacationers who travelled along Highway 19/41 from the northern states to Florida with the advent of the automobile and theme parks around the country. Metropolitan Parkway was the site of the earliest automotive dealerships as well, and the strip became known for the new car dealerships that sold Chevrolet and Ford vehicles. As the U.S. Interstate highway system was built, then Highway 19/41 saw a decline in traffic, and Metropolitan Parkway became the site of strip clubs and motels that catered to the sex trade which led to lots of prostitution, robberies and murders. Thankfully, many of the old motels are no longer in the sex trade business with the majority of them having been torn down.
Places of interest.
The Historic Jeremiah S. Gilbert House at Avery Park.
Located on a heavily wooded lot, the Jeremiah S. Gilbert House is one of Atlanta's oldest surviving structures and employs a distinctive building technology using field stones, mortar, and wood. It is one of the few examples of this construction type still found in Atlanta. The Gilbert House has threefold significance: first, as the home of one of Atlanta's earliest families; second, as a rare example of an exceptionally significant technology; and lastly, as a rare extant example of an Atlanta farmhouse complete with surrounding outbuildings situated on a relatively large parcel of undeveloped land.
THE FAMILY
Jeremiah S. Gilbert (1829–1932) was the son of an early settler of Fulton County, William Gilbert. William was the first physician in Fulton County and served as a member of the Georgia General Assembly in 1843. Jeremiah's grandfather, Charner Humphries, owned and operated the first- known inn in this area, the Whitehall Tavern. After acquiring of land from his father in 1861—land previously owned by Charner Humphries—Jeremiah married Sarah Matilda Perkerson, daughter of an early settler of Fulton County, who was the county's second sheriff. In 1861, Gilbert enlisted in the Third Regiment of the Georgia State Troops, one of the first Confederate companies to organize in Georgia. Upon his return from the war, he found that his first home had been destroyed by Union troops, at which time he began construction on the house that exists today. Jeremiah's son, William, became a prominent Atlanta surgeon and physician; son Hugh served as the tax assessor for Fulton County for twenty years; son Jeremiah Otis practiced dentistry in Atlanta; and daughter Annie Bell was a schoolteacher. The property remained in the Gilbert family until the City of Atlanta purchased it from Jeremiah's granddaughters in 1971.
The Jeremiah S. Gilbert House is a well-preserved two-story rectangular farmhouse. Its architecture reflects varying building techniques and styles that were popular when the house was first built, as well as when it was remodelled many years later.
The Gilbert House is of a concrete-like masonry and weatherboard construction. The first-floor exterior walls are constructed of fieldstone and rubble, and a mortar of clay and sand. The second-floor exterior walls are made of weatherboard. The shed-type dormer roof was added in the 1930s. The front facade of the house has been stuccoed. The porch of the front facade reflects only minor changes, with its tapered pier-columns that sit atop rectangular bases and the addition of screens.
The house has two interior end chimneys. A one-story weatherboard addition is located on the rear of the structure. A pantry and screened porch are located in the addition. Bricks surround the door and window openings. The lintels are of unplaned wood.
The house's earliest features reflect the necessity to use materials and techniques available to Jeremiah Gilbert on his farm land, due to scarce building supplies and loss in transportation and commerce during Reconstruction. Gilbert constructed the exterior walls of fieldstone and a mortar-like substance of clay and sand. He constructed the walls in wooden form twelve inches (305 mm) at a time until the mortar dried.
Another example of rural building techniques is found on the wooden lintels in the screened-in porch on the rear of the house. The lintels are rough, irregular pieces of wood. This is another example of how rural Georgians had to compensate due to the expense and scarcity of building supplies after the Civil War.
The Gilbert House is located on a slight rise of cleared land. Although the land is largely wooded, the area immediately surrounding the house has been cleared. Three outbuildings constructed of weatherboard are located on the property. They include a well house, a storage structure, and a garage which all appear to have been built in the 1930s.
REFERENCES
Brunskill, R. W. Illustrated Handbook of Vernacular Architecture. New York: Universe Books, 1971. 
Downing, A. J. The Architecture of Country Houses. New York: Dover Publications, Inc., 1969 
(original published in 1850).
Draft nomination. John Culbreth, administrative assistant, Bureau of Parks and Recreation, City of Atlanta, 
March 20, 1979.
Draft nomination. Toni Jay Stultz, administrator, Atlanta Urban Design Commission, October 1, 1979.
Fowler, Orson S. The Octagon House: A Home For All. New York: Dover Publications, Inc., 1973 
(original published in 1853).
Ginn, Kacy. National Register of Historic Places Inventory/Nomination Form, 1980.
Haddow, David F. The Gilbert House. October 25, 1977.
Holly, Henry Hudson. Holly's Country Seats. New York: D. Appleton and Company, 1863.
Teel, Leonard Ray. "Old House in Need of Friends, " Atlanta Journal, November 3, 1978.
Thomas, Mary Booth. "City Seeks Help to Restore House Jeremiah Built," Atlanta Journal, May 30, 1978.
CRITERIA
Group I (1)
Group II (4) (5) (7) (8) (9) (10) (11)
Group III (3)
FINDINGS 
The proposed nomination of Gilbert House meets the above-referenced criteria for a Landmark Building or Site as set out in Section 16-20.004 of the Code of Ordinances of the city of Atlanta.
Discover southern hospitality and the charm of the Victorian era at the historic Gilbert House. Dating back to the post Civil War period, the house stands as remarkable evidence of the determined spirit of the Atlanta citizens who rebuilt their city following the devastation of the Civil War. Because of the contributions of the family to the development of the city, the building has been called "Atlanta's Most Historic House." The construction of the House is unique; according to one expert, there is not another house built this way in the entire state of Georgia!
The Historic Jeremiah S. Gilbert House is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and it is designated as a City of Atlanta Landmark Site. Original family furniture, photographs, and artifacts bring history to life for visitors.
Education.
Perkerson residents are zoned to schools in the Atlanta Public Schools.
Elementary schools.
1) Perkerson Elementary School (for students who live north of Pegg Road)
2) Emma Hutchinson Elementary School (for students who live south of Pegg Road)
Middle schools.
1) Sylvan Hills Middle School
2) Crawford W. Long Middle School
High schools.
South Atlanta High School

</doc>
<doc id="18439953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439953" title="Highcroft Racing">
Highcroft Racing

Highcroft Racing is an American auto racing team based out of Danbury, Connecticut and founded by driver Duncan Dayton in 1989. Initially founded for Dayton's involvement in historic motorsport, specifically the restoration and preparation of classic automobiles, the team was expanded for Dayton's entry into the USAC Formula Ford 2000 series in 1994. The team entered a partnership with Intersport Racing in 2003 and entered the American Le Mans Series (ALMS).
American Le Mans Series.
2006 (Lola).
In 2006 Highcroft purchased an MG-Lola EX257 from Dyson Racing and started their own ALMS team. They entered four races including Petit Le Mans where the team scored a third place finish. The team ended the season 4th in the LMP1 Team Championship.
2007-11 (HPD).
For 2007, the team was chosen by Honda Performance Development (HPD) to run one of three Acura ARX-01s for Acura's debut in the ALMS. Drivers David Brabham and Stefan Johansson would compete for the full season. The team's best result came at Road America where they finished third in class. Highcroft Racing finished the season 3rd in the LMP2 Championship behind the two Porsche teams of Penske Racing and Dyson Racing but the most successful of the Acura teams. David Brabham and Stefan Johansson finished 5th in the Drivers Championship.
For 2008, the team continued their campaign of the Acura ARX-01. The team also earned title sponsorship from Patrón Tequila for a three year contract. Scott Sharp joined the team to replace Stefan Johansson as David Brabhams co-driver. Over the season, the team gained 3 class finishes as well as an overall finish at Lime Rock Park, giving Acura its first overall victory. The team finished the season 2nd in the LMP2 championship behind Penske Racing, but was, once again, the most successful of the Acura teams. Drivers Scott Sharp and David Brabham also finished 2nd in the Team Championship.
Highcroft was one of two teams chosen to campaign Acura's new LMP1 car. Highcroft and De Ferran Motorsports would compete with the Acura ARX-02a during the 2009 American Le Mans Series season. Due to the absence of Audi Sport North America, the teams main competition was De Ferran Motorsports. The team claimed victories at St. Petersburg, Road America and Mosport. Although winning fewer races throughout the season, Highcroft Racing scored more season long points than De Ferran Motorsports and claimed the LMP1 Championship. Scott Sharp and David Brabham also claimed the LMP1 Drivers Championship.
The 2010 season saw the LMP1 and LMP2 classes combine to form a new, performance balanced, LMP class. Scott Sharp left Highcroft Racing at the end of the 2009 season in order to start his own team with Patrón CEO, Ed Brown. De Ferran Motorsport's Simon Pagenaud was signed to be Brabhams co-driver. The team returned to the LMP2-spec Acura, now rebadged HPD after having season long troubles with the Acura ARX-02a. Highcroft earned four race victories and a podium finish at every other race of the season. The teams consistent performance won Highcroft its second consecutive Team and Drivers Championship.
For 2011, Highcroft Racing intended to compete in the full American Le Mans Series season as well as the 24 Hours of Le Mans with the new HPD ARX-01e LMP1 car. The team started the year at the Mobil 1 12 Hours of Sebring where they took delivery of their new car only a week before the race. David Brabham, Simon Pagenaud and Marino Franchitti qualified 7th in class but were able to finish 2nd overall, completing 332 laps. On May 16, Highcroft Racing and HPD announced that its partnership would come to an end. Due to the impact of the tsunami on Japan and on Honda, the team withdrew its entry in the 2011 24 Hours of Le Mans and would not compete in the rest of the American Le Mans Series season due to lack of funding.
2012 (DeltaWing).
In 2012, Highcroft Racing teamed with Ben Bowlby and All American Racers to build, develop and race the new DeltaWing, an experimental racing car. The car was designed to reduce aerodynamic drag dramatically allowing for quicker straight and cornering speeds while using half as much power and half as much weight. Despite skepticism over the project, the DeltaWing made its debut at the 2012 24 Hours of Le Mans. The team also competed at Petit Le Mans, the final round of the ALMS season, as an unclassified entry. The team set out to finish the race, something they hadn't done at Le Mans earlier in the year. After rebuilding the car from a collision in practice, the team went on to finish 5th overall, completing 388 laps; just 6 laps behind the overall leader.
24 Hours of Le Mans.
2010-11 (HPD).
In 2010, Highcroft Racing made their debut in the 24 Hours of Le Mans using the HPD ARX-01c they competed with in the American Le Mans Series. Due to French Liquor Laws, the team were unable to display their primary sponsor, Patrón Tequila, on the car. They instead chose to represent their charitable partner, Malaria No More. Drivers David Brabham, Marino Franchitti, and Marco Werner qualified 2nd in class, behind Strakka Racing, the second HPD team. The team completed 296 laps and finished 9th in the LMP2 class. 
In 2011, Highcroft Racing had intended to compete in the 24 hour race with HPD new LMP1 car. The team, however, was forced to withdraw their entry due to lack of funding. HPD had announced early that year that they would end their relationship with the team due to the impact of the tsunami on Honda in Japan.
2012 (DeltaWing).
In June 2011 it was announced the DeltaWing, fielded by Highcroft Racing, would fill the 56th garage at the 2012 24 Hours of Le Mans, reserved for experimental vehicles. Marino Franchitti, Michael Krumm and Satoshi Motoyama qualified 29th with a time of 3:42.612, which was 18.825 behind the lead car. The car was retired after 75 laps following an accident in which the DeltaWing ran into a concrete barrier at the Porsche Curves after a collision with Kazuki Nakajima's Toyota TS030 Hybrid. The DeltaWing recorded a best race lap time of 3:45.737, rivaling some of the LMP2 teams. Nakajima later apologized for the incident.

</doc>
<doc id="18439960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439960" title="USS North Dakota (SSN-784)">
USS North Dakota (SSN-784)

"North Dakota" (SSN-784) will be a . She will be the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the state of North Dakota. The contract to build her was awarded to Electric Boat division of General Dynamics in Groton, Connecticut on 14 August 2003. This ship is the first of the Block III subs which will feature a revised bow, including some technology from cruise missile submarines.
Her name was announced on 15 July 2008. and her keel was laid down on 11 May 2012. She was floated on 15 September 2013 and was christened on 2 November 2013, sponsored by Katie Fowler, wife of Vice Admiral Jeff Fowler. 
Construction and Manning.
The PCU "North Dakota" is undergoing initial construction and manning at Electric Boat Shipyard. Her initial manning Command Team is: Commanding Officer CAPT Doug Gordon, Executive Officer LCDR Kris Lancaster and Chief of the Boat ETCM(SS) Tim Preabt.
Ship's Crest.
The Ship's Crest was launched on 24 August 2012 by Lt. Gov. Drew Wrigley in the Great Hall at the North Dakota State Capitol. The final crest is the culmination of a design process that started with entries submitted by the ship's crew and North Dakota residents and ended with an impressive and extremely symbolic icon. 
USS "North Dakota" proudly displays the ship's motto, "Strength from the Soil, Reapers of the Deep." "Strength from the soil" is taken from the State of North Dakota Coat of Arms and the Governor's Flag representing the connection between "North Dakota" and the State of North Dakota. "Reapers of the Deep" has a double meaning. It represents both the fighting spirit of the submarine warrior and the ties to the state's farm heritage of reapers, who cut grain in the fields.
The green ribbon on which the motto resides represents the agricultural community as well as the colors of the University of North Dakota and North Dakota State University.
The overall shape of the crest is that of an Indian arrowhead, similar to that used on the North Dakota Coat of Arms. This represents the American Indian heritage of North Dakota.
Flanking the Indian arrowhead shape and acting as its serrated cutting edge is wheat. This represents the North Dakota farming community.
Prominently displayed on the crest are gold and silver six shooter revolvers. The front sights of the revolvers are formed by the gold and silver dolphins, representing the officer and enlisted submarine warfare community. Additionally, the revolvers represent the two tomahawk payload tubes the ship carries in arsenal. "North Dakota" is the first submarine to carry these payload tubes, each capable of carrying six Tomahawk Cruise Missiles. 
The red and green eyes of the submarine dolphins mounted on the six shooter revolvers pays tribute to the port and starboard running lights of the professional mariner.
Across the revolver hand grips are the words "Rough Riders." This is a salute to the state's connection to President Roosevelt. The "Rough Riders" were volunteers from the plains during the Spanish American War. Members of the North Dakota National Guard as well as President Roosevelt's Rough Riders served in combat for one year in the Philippines, supporting its occupation following the Spanish American War. 
Across the skyline is the silhouette of the first USS "North Dakota" (BB-29). BB-29 is additionally represented as one of the two gold stars flanking the words, "USS NORTH DAKOTA." SSN-784, the second warship to proudly bear the name, represents the second gold star in this banner. 
At the base of the arrowhead outline are two horse heads, representing the Nakota horses that roamed the prairies of North Dakota.
In the night sky is the Constellation Orion. Orion, the hunter, signifies the warrior heart of the people of North Dakota and the war fighting crew of "North Dakota". 
Wrapping across the crest is a banner with two Native American tomahawks, representing the state's Native American Indian heritage and Tomahawk Cruise Missiles, one of the weapons capabilities "North Dakota" can employ.
Finally, prominently pushing through the ship's crest is a Virginia Class Submarine representing the sailors who man this great warship.

</doc>
<doc id="18439977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439977" title="An-Nassariya">
An-Nassariya

an-Nassariya () is a Palestinian town in the Nablus Governorate in the North central West Bank, located 14 kilometers East of Nablus. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBS), the village had a population of 1,354 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. The healthcare facilities for the surrounding villages are based in an-Nassariya, the facilities are designated as MOH level 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18439982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18439982" title="Steeves">
Steeves

Steeves is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18440010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440010" title="Cobina Wright">
Cobina Wright

Cobina Wright (20 September 1887 – 9 April 1970) was an American opera singer and actress who appeared in "The Razor's Edge" (1946). She gained later fame as a hostess and a syndicated gossip columnist. Wright was also known as Esther Cobb, Esther Johnson, and Esther Cobina
Biography.
She was born on September 20, 1887 in Lakeview, Oregon as Esther Ellen Cobb to Benjamin M. Cobb and Della Holmes (1861—1943).
She married and divorced twice. Her first husband, whom she married in 1912, was American novelist Owen Johnson; she was his second wife, and they divorced in 1917. Her second husband was William May Wright, a stockbroker, by whom she had one child, a daughter, Cobina Carolyn Wright (aka Cobina Wright Jr.), (1921—2011), briefly a movie actress. the Wrights were divorced in 1935.
In the early part of the 20th century, she was a coloratura soprano, using the stage name Esther Cobina. She had studied singing in California, under voice teacher Nettie Snyder, and in Germany, where she initially pursued her career on stage. During World War I, she performed for French and American troops in Europe. She later made her American opera debut at Carnegie Hall in 1924.
She died in Los Angeles, California in 1970.
Legacy.
Wright was the author of a memoir called "I Never Grew Up" (Prentice-Hall, 1952).[http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,822184,00.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18440012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440012" title="Jack Wilson (American football)">
Jack Wilson (American football)

Jack William Wilson was an American football halfback in the National Football League. He was the first round pick (2nd overall) by the Los Angeles Rams in the 1942 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="18440020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440020" title="Paraleia">
Paraleia

Paraleia is a rock-pop band from Castelar, Buenos Aires, Argentina. 
It was created on 23 February 2002 by Francisco Carlucci (vocals and rhythm guitar), Federico Gigena (vocals, keyboards and guitar), Pedro Rossi (bass) and Rodrigo Ares (drums). 
After five years giving recitals in the west and constant changes of rhythm guitarists, enters the band Francisco Raffo (rhythm guitar) and begins in the year 2006 an intensive production work given to recording his first album: ""Dónde queda la estación?"" produced by Maxi Chercover (Ella es tan cargosa´s bassist). 
After a year of work, Paraleia takes its first independent production with 8 tracks and guest artists such as German Weidemer (Memphis la Blusera´s keyboardist). With the disc in its hands, Paraleia spent the year 2007 and the 2008 to show his new job in different parts of Gran Buenos Aires and Buenos Aires city. 
At present, the band is in a dormant period for personal reasons, but it is estimated that goes back to his activity at any time.

</doc>
<doc id="18440026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440026" title="Dona Spring">
Dona Spring

Dona Spring (January 22, 1953 – July 13, 2008) was an American activist and Green Party politician. She served on the Berkeley City Council from 1992 until her death in 2008. 
Spring was born in Plentywood, Montana. After an active youth, she graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with honors, earning a bachelor's degree in anthropology and psychology. She worked for many years as an activist devoted to causes such as disability rights, seniors, at-risk youth, poverty, the environment and animal rights. She used a wheelchair for much of her adult life due to rheumatoid arthritis. 
Spring was elected to the Alameda County Democratic Central Committee in 1986 and to the county's Green Party County Council in 1990.
Spring's successful candidacy for the Berkeley City Council in 1992 was a galvanizing event for the newly qualified Green Party of California. She served on the Alameda County Recycling Board from 1997 to 2001, including a stint as its president in 2001. She was elected to her fifth, and last, term to the Berkeley City Council in 2006 with 72% of votes cast. Her last act as a member of the city council was to seek medical attention for the tree sitters on the Berkeley oak grove controversy at the University of California, Berkeley. 
Spring died in 2008, aged 55, at Alta Bates/Summit Hospital in Berkeley, after being diagnosed with pneumonia. In July 2008 filmmakers Lindsay Vurek and Valerie Trost released a documentary film about Dona Spring's life, Courage in Life & Politics - The Dona Spring Story.

</doc>
<doc id="18440035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440035" title="Ohio State Route 144">
Ohio State Route 144

State Route 144 (SR 144) is a north–south state highway in the southern portion of Ohio, a U.S. state. The southern terminus of State Route 144 is at is a T-interchange with State Route 124 in Hockingport. Its northern terminus is at another T-intersection, this time with State Route 329 in the unincorporated community of Stewart.
Route description.
State Route 144 exists entirely within the southeastern portion of Athens County. There are no portions of this highway that are included within the National Highway System, a network of highways identified as most imperative for the economy, mobility and defense of the country.
History.
1923 marked the year in which State Route 144 was established. Its original routing was composed of the current stretch of U.S. Route 50 from Athens to its current junction with State Route 144 near Coolville, the current stretch of State Route 144 from that point to its current southern terminus at State Route 124 in Hockingport, and State Route 124 from there to its eastern terminus southwest of Belpre. In 1926, with the coming of the U.S. Highway System, the U.S. Route 50 designation replaced what was the section of State Route 144 between Athens and the current junction of the two routes near Coolville.
Another shortening of State Route 144 took place in 1934, when State Route 124 was extended north to Hockingport. From there, State Route 124 replaced the State Route 144 designation heading northeast to that route's eastern terminus southwest of Belpre.
SR 144 was rerouted around Coolville in 2006 as a result of landslides that occurred on the banks of the Hocking and Ohio Rivers in 2005 and 2006. SR 144 exited Coolville on a bridge just south of the US 50 / SR 7 / SR 32 bridges until that bridge was damaged as a result of the landslides. Because of the damaged bridge and nearby damaged roadway along the east side of the Hocking River, SR 144 was rerouted south of Coolville on County Road 59 to a new bridge over the river. The Ohio Department of Transportation (ODOT) formerly maintained this old alignment as SR 144-J, but no longer maintains it as of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18440052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440052" title="Bob Carey (American football)">
Bob Carey (American football)

Robert Winfield Carey was an American football end in the National Football League. He was a first round pick (13th overall) by the Los Angeles Rams in the 1952 NFL Draft from Michigan State University. He played with the Rams from 1952 to 1956. He then played one season with the Chicago Bears in 1958.
Michigan State University Two Sport All-American.
Carey earned a total of nine varsity athletic letters at Michigan State, three each in football, basketball and track. In his era, freshman were not eligible for varsity competition. As Captain of the undefeated Spartan 1951 football team, he earned consensus first team All-America honors at end and was a member of the 1951 College Football All-America Team. In 2001 he was chosen as a member of Althon Sports Michigan State All Time Football Team. Carey was the 1951 Big Ten Conference Shot Put Champion. His third place finish in the shot put at the 1951 NCAA Track & Field Championships placed him on National Collegiate Track Coaches All-American team. He was selected as a charter member of Michigan State's Athletics Hall of Fame in 1992.
Carey was also a three-year starter for the Michigan State basketball team playing for Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame coach Pete Newell. Spartan football coach and College Football Hall of Fame member Biggie Munn called Carey, "the greatest all-around athlete I've ever seen or hope to see." As a senior at State, he won the Chester L. Brewer Award, awarded annually to a graduating senior for "distinguished performance in athletics and scholarship, and for possessing a high degree of character, personality, competitive spirit and other leadership qualities which forecast a successful future."
Arizona State University Assistant Football Coach.
During the 1954 pro campaign while playing for the LA Rams, Carey suffered a severe knee injury which required reconstructive surgery. He spent the 1955 season serving as End Coach with eventual College Football Hall of Fame coach Dan Devine as a part of Devine's initial staff at Arizona State. The Sun Devils finished 8-2-1 for the season. Devine went on the Head Coaching positions at Missouri, the Green Bay Packers and at the University of Notre Dame where he won a national championship in 1977.
Charlevoix High School Athletics.
Bob and his twin brother Bill were members of the legendary 1945 Charlevoix, Michigan football team that went undefeated and unscored upon. Fraternal twins, Bob stood 6' 5" and weighed 215 pounds while the smaller Bill measured in at 6'1" and 190 pounds. Bill himself earned five varsity letters at MSU and was eventually drafted by the SanFranciso 49ers in 1952. The ’45 team was coached by Ray Kipke, the man for whom Charlevoix’s football stadium is now named, and the inspiration behind the change in spelling of the school’s nickname from Raiders to Rayders. The ’58 Charlevoix squad repeated with an undefeated/unscored upon season coached by Bob's older brother (Don Carey, a member of the Michigan High School Coaches Hall of Fame who, along with his brothers, had an outstanding athletic career at Charlevoix.) No other high school team in Michigan playing full seasons have ever matched the twin accomplishments of Charlevoix's '45 and '58 teams.
The 1945 Rayders finished 6–0, with shutouts of Grayling, 25–0; Mancelona, 25–0; Boyne City, 33–0; East Jordan, 24–0; Harbor Springs, 64–0; and Pellston, 58–0. That team also went 8–0, won the conference championship, and finished the season ranked No. 1 in the UPI Class C poll. That team was dominant in its own right, outscoring its opponents 260–19.
The ’45 unbeaten/unscored upon team came during a truly golden era of football at Charlevoix that included the ’58 team. In the 15 years from 1945–59, Charlevoix won 11 Northern Michigan Class C Conference championships, including six consecutive, and the teams combined for a sensational 92–11–4 record.
The ’45 team was composed of Dick Joliffe, Jerry Ypma, Frank Martin, Bill Carey, Bud Fox, Jim Roberts, Bill Joliffe, Don Zietler, Bernie Zietler, Bill Poole, Irving Manville, Nelson Sweitzer, Bob Crain, Dick Hardy, Jack Mol, Bernie Ward Jr., Don Brown, Em Howe, Lyle King, Bob Carey, Vince Olach, Jack Roberts, Cliff Lagerman, Bob Shanahan, Warren Shadko, Dick Donaldson, Arnie Loper, Des Milligan, Jack Kline and Pat Martin. The manager was a kid named Charles Fairbanks, who went on to play football at Michigan State University and coached at the University of Oklahoma, Colorado University and in the NFL with the New England Patriots.
Michigan Sports Hall of Fame.
Carey was inducted into the Michigan Sports Hall of Fame in 1990. The organization's Mission & Vision are "to honor the outstanding men and women athletes, amateur and professional,whose skills and deeds bring great honor to the State of Michigan."
Later life.
Carey raised a family of four children with wife Lynn, eventually settling in the Cincinnati OH suburb of Glendale. His interest in football continued, serving as an occasional scout for NFL teams. He died after a brief illness in 1988. He was 58 years old.
External links.
Michigan State's All-Time Team.
Chosen in 2001 by Athlon Sports
cite web|url=http://www.michigansportshof.org/index.php

</doc>
<doc id="18440071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440071" title="Plečnik Parliament">
Plečnik Parliament

Plečnik Parliament () is the colloquial name of two designs for a building intended to house the legislature of the People's Republic of Slovenia within the second Yugoslavia. Formally known as the Slovene Acropolis and the Cathedral of Freedom ("Slovenska akropola" / "Katedrala svobode"), the two designs were proposed in 1947 by Slovenia's most eminent architect, Jože Plečnik, but were rejected in favour of a more conventional design.
Slovene Acropolis.
In response to a personal government invitation during the late 1940s, Plečnik initially proposed the fairly radical idea of placing the parliament on the hilltop above the Slovenian capital of Ljubljana, then (as now) occupied by the Ljubljana Castle. Influenced by the extensive remodeling of Prague Castle he had carried out during the 1920s, the "Slovene Acropolis" concept called for the demolition of all or most of the medieval structure and its replacement with a monumental octagonal complex, including a triumphal access ramp or stairway that would have begun next to the Magistrat at the foot of Castle Hill.
The authorities were caught off-guard by the radicalism of the plan. Deeming it unimplementable, they instead called for a second round of proposals, this time in the form of an open competition and with a location for the building specified: the "Ilirija" swimming pool complex in Ljubljana's Tivoli gardens. While annoyed by the cold shoulder given his idea and not in the habit of entering competitions due to his age and status, Plečnik's initial reluctance eventually subsided. His second design, the "Cathedral of Freedom," is now far better known than the first and the far more common referent of the term "Plečnik Parliament," although the first proposal is technically encompassed by it as well.
Cathedral of Freedom.
A square, colonnaded false façade would have surrounded the cylindrical main building of two stories, surmounted by a tall, spirally tapering conical cupola. Supported internally by inclined columns, the cupola would have spanned the parliament chamber. The facade would have measured 50 m in length, the tower rising to 120 m. Several slightly varying designs were produced, some including a second colonnade wrapping the second floor of the main building, different porticoes, or an asymmetrical ground floor.
Fate.
Nominally, the principal reason the project remained unrealized was the financial burden it would have imposed on the struggling post-World War II recovery economy; in practice, numerous other obstacles existed, many of them even less surmountable:
In 1954, work finally began on a permanent legislature building, to be located on Republic Square in the center of Ljubljana. Planned by the architect Vinko Glanz, this was a much more conservative and modest design than either of the two Plečnik concepts, being an austere modernist palace with no monumental elements or decorations save a large sculptural group of bronze figures framing its main portico. Nevertheless, the building's general plan is thought to contain faint echoes of Plečnik's "Cathedral" design. It was completed in 1959, two years after the architect's death.
Cultural significance.
Plečnik's second parliament (the Cathedral of Freedom) retains resonance with many Slovenes, who view it as a minor national symbol:

</doc>
<doc id="18440075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440075" title="Lance Richbourg">
Lance Richbourg

Lance Clayton Richbourg (December 18, 1897 – September 10, 1975) was an American college and professional baseball player who was a Major League right fielder for eight season between and . Richbourg played college baseball for the University of Florida, and thereafter, he played professionally for the Philadelphia Phillies, Washington Senators, Boston Braves and Chicago Cubs.
Early years.
Richbourg was born in DeFuniak Springs, Florida, in the Florida Panhandle, in 1897. He graduated from Walton High School in DeFuniak Springs, Fl. The high school adopted the nickname of "Braves" because Richbourg was a member of the Boston Braves in 1926. 
College career.
He attended the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for the Florida Gators baseball team for a single season in 1919. He graduated from Florida with a bachelor's degree in 1922. In between stints in the Major Leagues, Richbourg returned to Gainesville to coach the Gators baseball team in 1922 and 1923, and again in 1926. He compiled a win-loss record of 39–21 (.650) in his three seasons as the Gators' head coach.
Richbourg died in Crestview, Florida in 1975; he was 77 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="18440094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440094" title="Udumbara (Buddhism)">
Udumbara (Buddhism)

In Buddhism, udumbara (Pali, Sanskrit; Devanagari: उडुम्बर) and "uumbara" (Sanskrit) refer to the tree, flower and fruit of the "Ficus racemosa" (syn. "Ficus glomerata"). In Buddhist literature, this tree or its fruit may carry the connotation of rarity, parasitism or Vedic mysticism.
The udumbara is also used to refer to the blue lotus ("Nila udumbara") flower.
Symbolism.
The "udumbara" tree's unseen flowers, parasitic nature and Vedic magical ascriptions have informed the tree's inclusion in a number of Buddhist texts.
Unseen flowers.
The flowers of the udumbara are enclosed within its fruit. as in all figs (see "Fig pollination and fig fruit"). Because the flower is hidden inside the fruit, a legend developed to explain the absence (and supposed rarity) of the visual flower: in Buddhist mythology, the flower was said to bloom only once every 3,000 years, and thus came to symbolize events of rare occurrence. Allusions to this symbolism can be found in texts such as Theravada Buddhism's "Uraga Sutta" (Sn 1.1, v. 5) and Mahayana Buddhism's "Lotus Sutra," both described further below.
Strangling figs.
The "udumbara" tree is one of several trees known as "strangling figs" due to their often developing as seeds dropped on the branches of a host tree (by animals eating the fig tree's fruit) and, as the branch-borne fig tree grows, it envelops its host tree with its own roots and branches, at times crushing and replacing the host tree. Based on this life cycle, the "Mahārukkha Sutta" (SN 46.39) likens "sensual pleasures" ("kāma") to such fig trees, causing their human hosts to become "bent, twisted, and split" ("obhaggavibhaggo vipatito seti").
Vedic amulet.
In Vedic literature, fig trees often represent talismans with the "udumbara" fig tree having been deemed the "lord of amulets." Thus, in the Pali Canon, when Māra disguises himself as a brahmin in the "Sambahula Sutta" (SN 4.21), he carries a "staff of "udumbara" wood" ("udumbaradaa").
Pali literature.
In the Pali literature, the "udumbara" tree and its flowers are used concretely (as the tree beneath which a former Buddha gained enlightenment), metaphorically (as representative of a caste) and symbolically (evoking the insubstantiality of things and self).
Former bodhi tree.
In both the Digha Nikaya and Buddhavamsa, the udumbara tree is identified as the tree under which the past Buddha Koāgamana attained enlightenment.
Egalitarian emancipation.
In the Majjhima Nikaya's "Kaakatthala Sutta" (MN 90), the Buddha uses the "udumbara" tree in a metaphor to describe how the member of any of the four castes is able to achieve the same quality of spiritual "emancipation" or "release" ("vimutti") as a member of another caste:
Archetype of nonsubstantiality.
In the Pali Canon's Sutta Nipata, the "udumbara" fig tree is used as a metaphor for existence's ultimate insubstantiality (in English and in Pali):
In the post-canonical Visuddhimagga (XXI, 56), the "udumbara" tree is again used to symbolize the "emptiness of all formations" ("sabbe sakhārā suññāti", Vsm XXI,53):
Lotus Sutra.
The udumbara flower of the "Ficus racemosa" tree appears in chapters 2 and 27 of the 3rd century Lotus Sutra, an important Mahayana Buddhist text. The symbolic nature of the udumbara is used in the Lotus Sutra to compare the unique occurrence of its bloom with the uncommon appearance of the Buddha and its doctrine in the world:
As the Buddhas of the three periods of time<br>
In such a manner spoke the Dharma,<br>
So do I likewise now expound<br>
The undiscriminated Dharma.<br>
All Buddhas come into the world<br>
But rarely, and are hard to meet;<br>
And when they appear in the world,<br>
It’s hard for them to speak the Dharma.<br>
Throughout countless ages, too,<br>
It’s difficult to hear this Dharma.<br>
And those who can hear this Dharma--<br>
Such people too, are rare,<br>
Like the udumbara flower,<br>
In which all take delight,<br>
Which the gods and humans prize,<br>
For it blooms but once in a long, long time.<br>
So one who hears this Dharma, gives joyful praise,<br>
With even just a single word,<br>
Has thereby made offerings,<br>
To all the Buddhas of the three periods of time.<br>
Such people are extremely rare.<br>
Rarer than the udumbara flower.<br>
All of you should have no doubts,<br>
For I am the Dharma King;<br>
I declare to the assembly:<br>
I use only the path of One Vehicle,<br>
To teach and transform Bodhisattvas.<br>
There are no Sound Hearer Disciples.<br>
Shariputra, all of you,<br>
the Sound Hearers and Bodhisattvas,<br>
Should know that this wondrous Dharma<br>
Is the secret essence of all Buddhas.<br>
Thich Nhat Hanh places the flower in the context of enlightenment:
To see a fully awakened person, a Buddha, is so rare that it is like seeing an udumbara flower. In the Tu Hieu Monastery in Hue, there is a scroll which says: "The udumbara flower, although fallen from the stem, is still fragrant." Just as the fragrance of the udumbara flower cannot be destroyed, our capacity for enlightenment is always present. The Buddha taught that everyone is a Buddha, everyone is an udumbara flower.
Udonge.
The Japanese word "udonge" (優曇華) was used by Dōgen Zenji to refer to the flower of the udumbara tree in chapter 68 of the "Shōbōgenzō" ("Treasury of the Eye of the True Dharma"). Dōgen places the context of the udonge flower in the Flower Sermon given by Gautama Buddha on Vulture Peak. The udonge flower may be symbolic of mind to mind transmission between the teacher and the student, in this case, Śākyamuni Buddha and Mahākāśyapa.
Udonge is also used to refer to the eggs of the lacewing insect. The eggs are laid in a pattern similar to a flower, and its shape is used for divination in Asian fortune telling.

</doc>
<doc id="18440101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440101" title="Billy Urbanski">
Billy Urbanski

William Michael Urbanski (June 5, 1903 in Linoleumville, New York – July 12, 1973 in Perth Amboy, New Jersey), was a professional baseball player who played infielder in the Major Leagues from -. He would play for the Boston Braves.

</doc>
<doc id="18440135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440135" title="Thug Life">
Thug Life

Thug Life was an American hip-hop group that consisted of 2Pac, Big Syke, Stretch, Mopreme Shakur, The Rated R, Macadoshis, and Kato. They released one album, 1994's "", before disbanding after Tupac died in September 1996.
History.
2Pac & Randy "Stretch" Walker formed Thug Life.
In 1992, Tupac met Tyruss “Little Psycho” Himes. They recorded a song also titled “Thug Life” and soon Little Psycho joined the group under the name Syke. Later Macadoshis and The Rated R joined the group. They signed with Interscope Records and recorded an LP titled Thug Life Volume 1. Interscope initially declined to release it, but they later changed their mind. Then Tupac’s stepbrother, Mopreme Shakur, joined the group.
Stretch's Death.
On November 30, 1995, Stretch was killed after being shot four times in the back by three men who pulled up alongside his green minivan at 112th Ave. and 209th St. in Queens Village, while he was driving. His minivan smashed into a tree and hit a parked car before flipping over. Stretch was killed exactly one year (almost to the minute) after 2pac's 1994 Quad Studio shooting, and many people believe that Stretch was killed as a form of retaliation.
Thug Life: Volume 1.
On September 26, 1994, Thug Life Volume 1 was released. It sold gold, which was good, but not as good as they expected. A lot of people blamed Interscope who edited and removed a lot of songs on the LP. The first single and video was “Pour Out A Little Liquor” which was a Tupac solo song. The second, third and fourth singles and videos were “Cradle To The Grave,” “How Long Will They Mourn Me?” and “It Don’t Stop.”

</doc>
<doc id="18440141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440141" title="Marquette Park (Mackinac Island)">
Marquette Park (Mackinac Island)

Marquette Park is a landscaped park located on Mackinac Island in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is part of Mackinac Island State Park and stands on the edge of Mackinac Island's harbor on the Round Island Channel and just east of downtown Mackinac Island. 
History.
When Fort Mackinac was built in a commanding location on a bluff above Mackinac Island's harbor in 1780-1781, the relatively flat plateau between the bluff and shoreline was set aside for the Fort's use. During the 1800s, the Fort's men used the area as a vegetable garden, growing potatoes and other foodstuffs there to supplement their rations. 
After the U.S. Army ceased to use Fort Mackinac in 1895, the plateau area was redundant. The new Mackinac Island State Park decided to adaptively re-use the former vegetable gaden as a quasi-urban park. The newly-landscaped park was dedicated to Father Jacques Marquette in 1909. 
A major planting of varietal lilacs took place in Marquette Park in 1964, and the State Park also in that year installed a replica chapel intended to evoke memories of a pioneer structure erected at Mackinac Island by Jesuit missionaries, including Marquette, in the 1670s. Today, Marquette Park serves as a visual frame for Fort Mackinac and as the site of mile marker 0 on the circular M-185. The park serves as a popular tourist destination on the island.

</doc>
<doc id="18440146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440146" title="Stefansson">
Stefansson

Stefansson or Stefánsson is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Stefán". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18440147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440147" title="Dahiyat Sabah al-Kheir">
Dahiyat Sabah al-Kheir

Dahiyat Sabah al Kheir () is a Palestinian town in the Jenin Governorate in the Northern area of the West Bank, located 4 kilometers north of Jenin. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the town had a population of over 1,457 inhabitants in mid-year 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18440148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440148" title="Peerless Lake, Alberta">
Peerless Lake, Alberta

Peerless Lake is an unincorporated community in northern Alberta, Canada. It is located on the northeastern shore of Peerless Lake, approximately northeast of Red Earth Creek, and has an elevation of .
The community is under the jurisdiction of the Municipal District (M.D.) of Opportunity No. 17 and is located in the federal riding of Fort McMurray-Athabasca. 
Demographics.
As a designated place in the 2011 Census, Peerless Lake had a population of 279 living in 68 of its 73 total dwellings, a -38.7% change from its 2006 population of 455. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
As of 2006, Peerless Lake had a total population of 455 living in 108 dwellings. With a land area of , it has a population density of .
Education.
The community has a centre for higher education, Northern Lakes College, which offers a variety of programs using distance education technology and computer mediated instruction.

</doc>
<doc id="18440156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440156" title="HMS Enterprize (1743)">
HMS Enterprize (1743)

HMS "Enterprize", also known as HMS "Enterprise", was an 8-gun sloop of the Royal Navy.
The "Enterprize" was a barca-longa captured from the Spanish in 1743, and re-rated as a sloop. She spent her entire career in the Mediterranean as a despatch vessel and tender, being commissioned in 1743 under Lieutenant Thomas Herring. She was present at the Battle of Toulon in 1744, and was then paid off in 1745.
She was recommissioned under Lieutenant William Cooper in August 1746, spending a further two years in service with the Navy until being put up for sale in at Port Mahon, Minorca in the summer of 1748. There was already an HMS "Enterprize" in service during her time with the Navy, a 40-gun fifth rate, which was sold off the year after her smaller counterpart, in 1749.

</doc>
<doc id="18440157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440157" title="Dirt Game">
Dirt Game

Dirt Game is an Australian drama television series that screened on the ABC. It was a six-part series that was announced in July 2009. It premiered on 19 April 2009 and finished on 25 May 2009. It stars Joel Edgerton ("Secret Life of Us" and "Dangerous )" and Freya Stafford ("White Collar Blue").
Plot.
"Dirt Game" is set in a company in the mining industry with boardroom backstabbing, growing safety and environmental issues, financial pressures and employee unrest. Brian Jardine (Gerald Lepkowski) is a British oil executive and Megan Kerr (Freya Stafford) is an Australian geologist who have been given six months to turn the company’s fortunes around. Their strongly committed specialist team is made up of engineer Max Mees (Shane Connor), ex-unionist Shane Bevic (Joel Edgerton) and former environmentalist Caz Cohen (Katie Wall).
Production.
The series contains six 50-minute episodes is shot on location in Victoria, New South Wales and Western Australia. It was written by Michael Harvey and produced by David Taft and Michael Harvey. It is directed by Brendan Maher and Grant Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="18440158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440158" title="Vic Thomas">
Vic Thomas

Vic Thomas is the Operations Manager at KPMZ-FM, Platinum 96.7, in Dallas/Ft. Worth, Texas. He is also the midday show host, on the air weekdays from 9am to 3pm. Thomas is one of the original KPMZ announcers, along with Larry Dixon, Gail Lightfoot, Wendi Westbrook and Angie Michaels. The station's format is Memories (soft rock oldies), specializing in many songs from the 50s through the 80s that traditional "oldies" stations no longer play. The station can also be heard via its Website at www.Platinum967.com as an Internet stream.
Prior to KPMZ, Thomas worked for the ABC Radio Networks in Dallas as a show host for the nationwide satellite format called Timeless. Thomas also served as the network's afternoon sports report and business report host.
Thomas hails from New York, where he began his broadcasting career in 1972 at WTLB in Utica. He also held various positions from morning show host to music director at WDOS in Oneonta, WOLF in Syracuse and WTRY in Albany.
Thomas' first programming position was as Operations Director for WCHS/WBES in Charleston, West Virginia. He returned to New York in 1996 as morning show host at 102.5 KISS-FM, WSKS.

</doc>
<doc id="18440180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440180" title="Joel Daly">
Joel Daly

Joel T. Daly (born August 21, 1934) is an American former news presenter. He served as an anchor for Chicago's WLS-TV (an ABC-affiliate) from 1967 to 2005. 
News career.
A magna cum laude graduate of Yale University, Daly joined WJW-TV in Cleveland, Ohio in the early 1960s. He served as co-anchor with Doug Adair, and the two became one of the first successful co-anchor teams in the United States. In 1967, both Daly and Adair were hired by WBKB-TV in Chicago. However, Adair stayed in Cleveland for personal and contractual reasons. In Chicago, Daly began doing a solo newscast called "Newsnight". In 1968, about the time the station was renamed WLS-TV, Joel was paired with Fahey Flynn, and the two became the highest-rated evening news team in the city, winning a local Emmy Award after just one year on the air. Daly and Flynn popularized a presentantion style known to critics as "happy talk". Unlike most presenters of the time, who delivered the news in an austere, authoritative fashion, Daly and Flynn mixed in playful banter as they segued from one topic to another. Daly later recalled, "We came down from Olympus, and we just became regular people talking to regular people. It's the best form of communication." News presenters across the country soon began emulating Daly and Flynn, sometimes to the duo's chagrin, as when other presenters became too jokey or unfocused. Daly himself did not use the phrase "happy talk" to describe his style, noting, "We always took the news seriously, if we didn't always take ourselves too seriously". 
After Flynn's death in 1983, Daly briefly co-anchored the 10:00 news with Mary Ann Childers. Daly then joined Oprah Winfrey to co-anchor WLS-TV's 4:00 PM news broadcast. Winfrey was replaced by Linda Yu after only weeks on the air. Daly remained there until May 2005, when he announced that he would step down as anchor to pursue other interests. Since then, he has occasionally appeared on newscasts to report on legal matters, and has also hosted parades for the channel. Daly was inducted into the Chicago Journalism Hall of Fame in 2001 and received the first Illinois Broadcast Pioneer Award in 2008. He won five Emmys over the course of his career.
Outside of the news.
In 1988, Joel Daly received a Juris Doctor from Chicago-Kent College of Law after four years of taking evening classes. He became director of external relations at the John Marshall Law School in 2005, and also taught some classes there. In 2007, Daly was named a spokesperson for the U.S. District Court in Chicago.
One of Daly's hobbies is acting. In 1994 he played Atticus Finch in a stage adaptation of "To Kill a Mockingbird", and in 2000 he starred as Patsy McCall in a production of William J. Kennedy's "Grand View". In addition, Daly appeared in the 2006 film "Death of a President", in which he played a news reporter. The film portrays the fictional assassination of George W. Bush and generated much controversy, although Daly said he did not regret his involvement. "It's a gutsy undertaking to do the fictional assassination of a living president who's still in office. It's something that's in the American psyche. So dealing with this in a fictional forum -- albeit a realistic one -- is perhaps a purgative," he told the "Chicago Sun-Times".
Daly has also dabbled in music, especially country music and yodeling. He has sung with a group called The Sundowners and occasionally writes his own songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18440193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440193" title="Keith Rogers">
Keith Rogers

Keith Sinclair Rogers (1892–1954), was a Canadian radio pioneer and founder of CFCY radio in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island. Rogers began his radio interest as a boy in his father's home experimenting with wireless devices he had built at age 15. He was active in the local militia and involved with use of wireless devices for military communications as early as 1911. 
He had an ongoing affiliation with the Prince Edward Island Regiment as Lt. Colonel, but devoted himself to the development of commercial radio as a viable business entity. After achieving success in radio he was preparing to launch television on Prince Edward Island, prior to his death in 1954. His family carried out his plan with the launch of CFCY TV in 1956.
References.
Not to be confused with Dublin criminal and prison officer who continues to evade justice.

</doc>
<doc id="18440206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440206" title="List of lightships of the United States">
List of lightships of the United States

This is a list of lightships of the United States, listing lightships operated by the United States government. The first US lightship was put in place off of Willoughby Spit in Chesapeake Bay, Virginia in 1820. Lightships remained in service in the United States until March 29, 1985 when the last ship, the "Nantucket I", was decommissioned. During that period, lightships were operated by several branches of the government: by the Lighthouse Establishment from 1820 to 1852, the Lighthouse Board from 1852 to 1910, the Lighthouse Service from 1910 to 1939, and the Coast Guard from 1939 to 1985. 
The naming conventions used for lightships are not consistent. Until 1867, there was no uniform method to refer to individual lightships. Lightships in that period generally took the name of the station that they served, but occasionally other names. These names were not permanently assigned to an individual vessel. Rather, whenever a lightship was moved to a new station she took on that name. That made identifying individual ships nearly impossible. Beginning in 1867, lightship numbers (hull numbers) were assigned to ships still in service. These numbers are the primary means of identifying individual lightships across her various stations. In 1938, the Lighthouse Service retroactively allocated letter codes to the unnumbered lightships based on their research of available records, although some ships may have been lost or misidentified. Even with the hull numbers, it is common to refer to a lightship by the name of the station it serves (or "Relief", if it is a relief ship) and a few, such as the "Nantucket I" and "Nantucket II" have been given individual names. 

</doc>
<doc id="18440209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440209" title="Temple Sinai">
Temple Sinai

Temple Sinai may refer to:
Temple Sinai may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18440224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440224" title="Arganodus">
Arganodus

Arganodus is an extinct genus of Ceratodontidae (lungfish). Its fossils have been found in the Redonda Formation, New Mexico, and the Cumnock Formation, North Carolina, although the North Carolinian specimens are smaller than most recorded specimens. Fossils have also been uncovered in the Petrified Forest National Park. It was first named by Martin in 1979, and contains two species, "A. dorotheae" and "A. atlantis". "Arganodus" was probably similar to modern lungfish, and lived in underwater burrows during dry periods until monsoons occurred.

</doc>
<doc id="18440228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440228" title="The Well (novel)">
The Well (novel)

The Well is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Elizabeth Jolley. It tells the story of two women, Hester and her young ward Katherine, and their relationship with one another. Hester, who has lived alone on a farm with her father for many years, is possessive of the much younger Katherine. The relationship between the two women becomes strained after an incident where Katherine hits a mysterious creature with the roo bar on their four wheel drive. It is left unclear whether the creature is an animal or an intruder who has stolen a large sum of money from the house. When Katherine begins to hear voices from the well and becomes racked with guilt, Hester goes to extreme measures to maintain her influence over her young ward.
In 1997 a film of the same name was adapted from this novel. The film was directed by Samantha Lang, from a screenplay by Laura Jones and featured Pamela Rabe and Miranda Otto.
References.
Middlemiss.org

</doc>
<doc id="18440243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440243" title="List of Silver Age comics creators">
List of Silver Age comics creators

The Silver Age of Comic Books was a period of artistic advancement and commercial success in mainstream American comic books, predominantly in the superhero genre, that lasted roughly from 1956 to the late 1960s/early 1970s. Many editors, writers, pencillers and inkers participated in this revival.

</doc>
<doc id="18440251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440251" title="List of TVB series (2001)">
List of TVB series (2001)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 2001.
Warehoused series.
These dramas were released overseas and have not broadcast on TVB Jade Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="18440253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440253" title="2008 FINA Swimming World Cup">
2008 FINA Swimming World Cup

The FINA/ARENA Swimming World Cup 2008 was held in October and November 2008. The meet scheduling matched that of the 2007 series, with all meets held short course metres (25 m) format.
The series winners were Cameron van der Burgh of South Africa and Marieke Guehrer of Australia.
Venues.
The 2008 World Cup was staged at seven venues on five continents, with each meet following a heats and finals format for all events, with the exception of the 800 m and 1500 m freestyle and 400 m individual medley events which were heat-declared winners. The Brazil meet at Belo Horizonte was held as a three-day meet with evening heats and finals the following morning, with the remaining six meets being held over two days with morning heats and evening finals on each day. The order of events at each meet was the same.
Results.
Overall World Cup.
At each meet of the World Cup circuit in 2008, the FINA Points Table was used to rank all swim performances at the meet. The top 10 men and top 10 women were then be awarded World Cup points. Bonus points were awarded for a world record broken (20 points) or equalled (10 points). The number of World Cup points awarded were doubled for the final meet of the World Cup in Berlin.
The final rankings are shown below. Bonus points were awarded to eight swimmers for each of the twelve new world record standards set during the meets.
Event winners.
400 m individual medley.
Legend: 

</doc>
<doc id="18440255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440255" title="Xinpu Station (Taipei Metro)">
Xinpu Station (Taipei Metro)

Taipei Metro Xinpu Station is a station on the Banqiao Line located in Banqiao District, New Taipei City, Taiwan.
Station overview.
This two-level, underground station has an island platform and four exits. It is 250 meters away from the planned Xinpu Minsheng Station of the Circular Line, scheduled to open in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="18440277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440277" title="Katie Wall">
Katie Wall

Katie Wall is an Australian actress who has appeared in various television and film roles.

</doc>
<doc id="18440286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440286" title="Supermontage">
Supermontage

SuperMontage also abbreviated simply as SM is an integrated trading system used in an American stock exchange NASDAQ that was implemented in 2002. It features fully integrated public limit order book and market maker quotations, the ability to enter multiple quotes, anonymous ordering, five-level deep buy and sell interest and time-stamps on individual orders.
Test stock symbols.
The SM system works behind the scenes but on rare occasions, it can be seen at work when a test symbol such as "ZVZZT" runs across the ticker. 
NASDAQ strongly encourages firms to utilize the test securities for testing their production
systems.

</doc>
<doc id="18440290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440290" title="The Journal of Social Studies Research">
The Journal of Social Studies Research

The Journal of Social Studies Research ("JSSR") is an internationally recognized peer-reviewed journal designed to foster the dissemination of ideas and research findings related to the social studies. "JSSR" is the official publication of The International Society for the Social Studies. [http://www.TheISSS.org]
"JSSR" is a peer-reviewed journal edited by Dr. William B. Russell III at The University of Central Florida. 

</doc>
<doc id="18440295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440295" title="Silat ad-Dhahr">
Silat ad-Dhahr

Silat adh Dhahr () is a Palestinian town in the Jenin Governorate in the northern West Bank, located 14 kilometers southwest of Jenin. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBS) census, the town had a population of 5,794 in 2007. The healthcare facilities for the surrounding villages are based in Silat adh Dhahr, the facilities are designated as MOH level 2.
The average height of the town is 400 meters above the sea level. The population of the town in 1997 was 4439 people, according to the Central Bureau of Statistics, the estimated population in 2001 was approximately 6000 inhabitants and was divided into 51% males and 49% female, young people representing a very high percentage of inhabitants. 30% of inhabitants are traders and 20% rely on agriculture, producing such products as olives and almonds. The village has a high level of education, and there is a large group of university graduates. There are water and electricity networks in the town, there are also telephone and Internet lines. There is also a health clinic and sports, social and cultural centers and libraries. There are five schools in the town:

</doc>
<doc id="18440299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440299" title="Apollo Theatre (Martinsburg, West Virginia)">
Apollo Theatre (Martinsburg, West Virginia)

The Apollo Theatre in Martinsburg, West Virginia was designed by architect Reginald Geare with local architect Chapman E. Kent, and built in 1913 by theater owner H. P. Thorn. As constructed it had a seating capacity of 1000, and was used for movies, vaudeville and concerts. Upper floors provided meeting spaces for large groups.
The Apollo Theatre is presently operated as a community-supported facility. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It is included in the Downtown Martinsburg Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18440309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440309" title="Friedrich Ernst Krukenberg">
Friedrich Ernst Krukenberg

Friedrich Ernst Krukenberg (April 1, 1871 - February 20, 1946) was a German physician who was a native of Halle an der Saale. He was a brother to orthopedic surgeon Hermann Krukenberg (1863-1935) and Georg Heinrich Peter Krukenberg (1856-1899), who was a professor of gynecology at the University of Bonn.
Krukenberg originally studied in his native city of Halle, and continued his medical education at the University of Marburg, where he was a student of ophthalmologist Theodor Axenfeld (1867-1930). At Marburg he also studied under pathologist Felix Jacob Marchand (1846-1928), in whose department he described a fibrosarcoma of the ovary that was to become known as a Krukenberg tumor. In 1896 he published his findings in an article called " Über das Fibrosarcoma ovarii mucocellulare (carcinomatodes)".
Later, his interest turned to ophthalmology, and eventually he returned to Halle where he opened a private practice. The ophthalmic term "Krukenberg's spindle" is named after him, which is a vertical, fusiform deposition of melanin pigmentation in the deep layers of the cornea.

</doc>
<doc id="18440315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440315" title="Revolution MoneyExchange">
Revolution MoneyExchange

Revolution MoneyExchange was an online bank that billed itself as an alternative to PayPal and its chief competitor, Google Checkout. It was founded by Jason Hogg and Patrick Graf as GratisCard in April 2007. Ted Leonsis and Steve Case were on its board of directors.
Revolution MoneyExchange was backed by Citi, Morgan Stanley, and Deutsche Bank AG, as well as its parent company, Revolution LLC.
Among some of its features are money sending over AOL Instant Messenger. 
Revolution was purchased by American Express in January 2010 and renamed Serve Virtual Enterprises, Inc. Serve Enterprises launched Serve and discontinued Revolution MoneyExchange on March 28, 2011, converting existing accounts to Serve "on or soon after September 29, 2011". 

</doc>
<doc id="18440318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440318" title="Why Do They Call Me Mr. Happy?">
Why Do They Call Me Mr. Happy?

Why Do They Call Me Mr. Happy? is the sixth full-length album by the Canadian punk rock group Nomeansno. 
After the departure of long-time guitarist and sometime singer Andy Kerr, the group's lineup reverted to their origins as a duo: brothers Rob and John Wright. However, Kerr is credited as a co-writer on several songs. 
In Kerr's absence, the songs lost some of the rapid-fire, hardcore punk brevity he'd brought to the band. "Mr Happy" instead emphasizes a relatively slower heavy metal-influenced sound, with elaborate progressive rock flourishes; seven of the album's ten songs clock in at over 5 minutes. The album also features more keyboards and synthesizers than is typical of the band's recordings; the final track, "Cats, Sex, and Nazis", features audio samples of Faith No More's "We Care a Lot", the work of The Residents and Deep Purple, and a previously released NoMeansNo song, "I Am Wrong".

</doc>
<doc id="18440320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440320" title="1 (EP)">
1 (EP)


</doc>
<doc id="18440341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440341" title="F1 grenade (Australia)">
F1 grenade (Australia)

The F1 fragmentation hand grenade is manufactured by Thales Australia and is used by the Australian Defence Force replacing the M26 grenade. The F1 is a high explosive, anti-personnel grenade with a lethal radius of , casualty radius of and a safety radius of . The grenade weighs 375g and contains over 4000 2.4 mm steel ball fragments arranged to achieve uniform distribution of lethal fragments through 360° upon functioning. It has a fuse time of 4.5 to 5.5 seconds. Thales Australia also manufactures an F3 practice grenade, being a non-fragmentation replica of the F1 used for training, incorporates a high impact aluminium die cast body and hazard band with a distinctive appearance. The F3 practice hand grenade has a replaceable pyrotechnic fuze that displays an audible output and a distinct cloud of white smoke visible to to indicate functioning.
A number of failures of the F1 grenades to detonate were reported in 2006 during combat operations in the Middle East. Later, in September 2007, the grenade was temporarily withdrawn from service after a civilian Defence employee was seriously injured in an accident at the Defence Proof and Experimental Establishment at Graytown, Victoria. Stocks of the M67 grenade were procured from the United States in the interim. The grenade was returned to service in October 2007 after it was deemed technically sound.

</doc>
<doc id="18440349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440349" title="Daily Mail Kanawha County Majorette and Band Festival">
Daily Mail Kanawha County Majorette and Band Festival

The Daily Mail Kanawha County Majorette and Band Festival is an annual festival dedicated to high school bands and majorette corps in Kanawha County, West Virginia. The event is held at the University of Charleston Stadium at Laidley Field in Charleston, West Virginia at the end of September of each year, usually the last Tuesday of September. The first event was held in 1947. In past years, "The Star Spangled Banner" was played by the previous years Festival Grand Champion. In 2013, all eight competing bands combined performed the National Anthem. The 2013 Festival Grand Champion is Capital High School. The event is sponsored by the Charleston Daily Mail newspaper. It is the longest running music festival in West Virginia. 2013 was the 67th anniversary of the festival.
The JoAnn Jarrett Holland Memorial Scholarship Fund.
A $2,500 scholarship is awarded to the girl who places first in the feature twirler competition. This is an annual award given each year at the Daily Mail Kanawha County Majorette and Band Festival. This scholarship honors the memory of JoAnn Jarrett Holland, who won the competition in 1949 and 1950. Not only did she excel at this event, but she also supported it by attending the festival each year for the rest of her life. In 1973 her daughter, Kathi Holland Burton, won this competition and went on to be the feature twirler at West Virginia University for seven years.
WVU and Marshall exhibition shows.
Every year the Daily Mail Kanawha County Majorette and Band Festival has an exhibition show following the final high school performance before the awards ceremony. On the odd numbered years West Virginia University's marching band, "The Pride of West Virginia," does one of their exhibition shows and on the even numbered years Marshall University's marching band, " The Marching Thunder," does one of their exhibition shows.
WVU's marching band began performing for the festival in 2003. Marshall University's marching band began performing for the festival in 2004. The festival acts as a great recruitment opportunity for both bands.
High school bands.
There are currently eight public high schools in Kanawha County. All participate in the festival.
Current High Schools:
Former High Schools: 
Previous Miss Kanawha Majorettes.
The title of Miss Kanawha Majorette is awarded to the one girl who is the outstanding majorette of the evening of those competing in the category. The first girl to be named Miss Kanawha Majorette was Dolores Thompson in 1947. An annual tradition of being named Miss Kanawha Majorette is returning the next year to present the award to that year's Miss Kanawha Majorette with the trophy, tiara, and bouquet of flowers. A girl cannot be named Miss Kanawha Majorette for two consecutive years, however, it is possible for a girl to be named it twice.
Juliana Kemp is the only majorette to win the title of Miss Kanawha Majorette twice, once in 2003 and again in 2005. She went on to become the Feature Twirler for West Virginia State University's "Marching Swarm" from 2006 to 2008. Another former Miss Kanawha Majorette also went on to become the Feature Twirler for West Virginia State University. Miss Kanawha Majorette 2006, Stevi Ryder, was their Feature Twirler for 2010 and was a co-Feature Twirler for 2011 and 2012.
South Charleston High School has had the most girls named Miss Kanawha Majorette with a total of ten. Next to them is Herbert Hoover High School, Sissonville High School and the former DuPont High School with eight; the former Charleston High School with seven; the former Stonewall Jackson High School with six; St. Albans High School with five; Capital High School with four; George Washington High School has three; Nitro High School, Riverside High School, and the former Dunbar High School and East Bank High School with two.
Previous Festival Grand Champions.
Before 1970, there was no award for Festival Grand Champion. 1970 was the first year the Festival Grand Championship was awarded. Herbert Hoover High School was the first school to win the Festival Grand Championship.
Capital High School is the only school to have won the Festival Grand Championship for ten consecutive years and is the only high school to exceed ten wins at the festival with a total of sixteen wins. Next to them is Herbert Hoover High School with nine wins; George Washington High School with eight; Nitro High School, St. Albans High School, and the former DuPont High School with three wins; Sissonville High School and the former Charleston High School with one win. South Charleston High School, Riverside High School, and the former Dunbar High School, East Bank High School, and Stonewall Jackson High School have never won the Festival Grand Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18440362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440362" title="Frank Wood">
Frank Wood

Frank Wood is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18440371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440371" title="Craig Mabbitt">
Craig Mabbitt

Craig Edward Mabbitt (born April 9, 1987 in Glendale, Arizona) is an American musician, singer and songwriter. He is the lead vocalist of Escape the Fate. He was formerly lead vocalist of the bands Blessthefall and The Word Alive. He is also the current lead vocalist of a side-project band, The Dead Rabbitts, along with Escape the Fate's rhythm guitarist, TJ Bell. Mabbitt possesses the vocal range of a tenor, and is known for his rock-based singing combined with screamed and growled vocal styles.
Early life.
During his early childhood, Mabbitt required a breathing machine as a result of severe asthma. He also had to attend a special class due to a speech impediment, but nevertheless he overcame these setbacks, and in his adolescent years, realized his 'dream of becoming a singer in a rock band'.
Musical career.
Blessthefall (2003–2008).
While with Blessthefall, Mabbitt released two self-released EPs and one full length album. Their first full album, "His Last Walk", was released on April 10, 2007 on Science Records/Ferret Music. It produced four singles; the last of which, "Rise Up", was released after he left the band, and he does not appear in the video.
In the middle of their 2007 European Tour with Silverstein and The Vincent Black Shadow, Mabbitt left the band for personal reasons, and was replaced by Beau Bokan, the former lead vocalist for Take the Crown.
Both Craig Mabbitt and Jonny Craig filled in for A Skylit Drive on clean and unclean positions after leaving their bands, during their tour in late 2007.
The Word Alive (2008).
Mabbitt founded the Arizona-based metalcore band The Word Alive in 2008 as a side-project while also performing in Escape the Fate. He and the group recorded songs for an EP that was never officially released, and November 2008 the band dropped Mabbitt, claiming complications due to his involvement with Escape the Fate. Mabbitt was replaced by Tyler "Telle" Smith, formerly the bassist of Greeley Estates and singer/keyboardist of In Fear and Faith; since then, The Word Alive has released an EP and two albums.
Escape the Fate (2008–present).
After singer Ronnie Radke was sentenced to two years probation for battery charges, Escape the Fate turned to Mabbitt, who had played with Escape the Fate on the Black on Black Tour while with Blessthefall. After several trial shows he became the official new singer and they entered the studio to record their second full length album "This War Is Ours", which was released on October 21, 2008. It was the first Escape the Fate album with Mabbitt as singer; the album was a commercial success, entering at No. 35 on the "Billboard 200" and selling 13,000 copies in the first week.
The third studio album from the band and second to feature Mabbitt was "Escape the Fate" which was released on November 2, 2010 and is the bands most successful album to date charting No. 25 on the "Billboard" 200, No. 1 at Hard Rock Albums, No. 14 in a Rock Albums, No. 13 in Alternative and Independent charts and No. 118 in Digital Albums Chart. 
On May 14, 2013 the band released their fourth studio album and third with Mabbitt "Ungrateful".
The Dead Rabbitts (2012–present).
In late December, Mabbitt announced an upcoming side project, along with a new Escape the Fate album. He revealed that a single would be released in February 2012, and the album will be produced by Caleb Shomo of Attack Attack! and will be a reminiscent of his music from Blessthefall and The Word Alive. Mabbitt is set to release his debut solo album April 9, stating "what better day to release your album than on your birthday?" On Facebook, Mabbitt announced that if his official Facebook page got to 50,000 likes, he would release a new song. On his Twitter, he revealed that he is working on a song titled "Are You Still On Drugs", which may be related to a song titled "Are You On Drugs" that he wrote back when he was in The Word Alive.
When the page got to about 49,500 likes, he revealed the title and lyrics for the upcoming song, titled "Edge of Reality". "Edge of Reality" was released the moment the page reached 50,000 likes.
Mabbitt posted a status update on his Facebook page informing that if the page got up to 75,000 likes, he would release another new song for his fans from his upcoming solo album. He also revealed a part of the lyrics of the upcoming song. Along with this announcement, he revealed an upcoming video for "Edge of Reality". On March 30, he announced the name of the upcoming EP titled "Edge of Reality" under the band name The Dead Rabbitts. On April 9, the EP or full-length wasn't released on Mabbitt's birthday as expected, so instead, he released a new song on YouTube titled, "World of Disaster" along with the final version of "Edge of Reality" on YouTube, and the "Edge of Reality – Single" on iTunes as well.
The Dead Rabbitts plan on doing a tour for a few selected dates and cities.
Craig also announced that he plans on releasing the "Edge of Reality EP" once 100% is met on the scale for the pledge, so fans can pledge now, which means pre-ordering the EP, for just digital download or also with the physical copy as well.
Craig has announced that he plans on releasing the "Edge of Reality EP" on October 19, 2012. Craig has streamed a new track only for the people who pledged, it's entitled "Nuthin But a Reject". Another new track was released online by Craig entitled "Make Me Believe It" featuring Caleb Shomo of Attack Attack! On October 3, the goal was met for the pledge and for this Craig has released another track entitled "Sleep The Night Away" online.

</doc>
<doc id="18440383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440383" title="The National Conference Center">
The National Conference Center

The National Conference Center (NCC) is a corporate training facility in Leesburg, Virginia. It hosts over 14,000 individuals per month and comprises of meeting space, one of the largest in the region. The center contains 250 conference rooms, an athletic facility, and 917 guest rooms.
The building was built in 1974 as the Xerox Conference Center at a cost of $55 million. It was designed to assist in copier and technology training for company employees. It was designed by Vincent G. Kling & Partners, and has been managed by ARAMARK Harrison Lodging since its inauguration. In 1994 Xerox permitted outside organizations to use the grounds. The center was sold to Oxford Capital Partners in 2000. Two years later, the Center completed a $29 million renovation, in order to ameliorate its training operations. The current design implements "living learning modules", a series of color-coded buildings; underground tunnels; a ballroom; and walking trails.
History.
The Center was built by Xerox in 1974 under the name of Xerox Document University (also known as the Xerox International Center for Training and Management Development ) to train employees in copier technology and equipment. In 1994 Xerox opened the facilities to other corporations, and sold it to Oxford Capital Partners in 2000 as part of an exit from the hospitality industry. In part this exit was due to a continuous under-capacity in event bookings, despite such events as the National Veterans Golden Age Games being hosted at the site. Since its opening in 1974, it has been run by ARAMARK Harrison Lodging, a management services company.
Renovation.
Following a $29 million renovation, it was reopened in 2002 to service a wide range of corporate training needs. The Center is composed of several buildings which are color-coded (blue, purple, red, orange, and yellow) into "living-learning modules". A network of underground tunnels connect the main buildings and attached West Belmont Ballroom, constructed in 2007.
Facilities.
The Center was originally situated on of land in Leesburg, Virginia. Through subsequent sales and subdivisions, the current complex sits on of the original land. Among its of meeting space are the ballroom, an athletic facility and 250 conference rooms. The remainder of the nearly of the facility include 917 guest rooms (up from 863 rooms in the original facility) and common areas. These facilities were converted from Xerox's dormitory style accommodations, which included shared bathrooms. The Center retained the confusing navigational layout of the Xerox era, which was allegedly intended to encourage team building among participants. The distinctive brutalist architecture was also retained, despite extensive renovations.

</doc>
<doc id="18440389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440389" title="Cope Citizen">
Cope Citizen

Cope Citizen is the debut album by Citizen Cope.

</doc>
<doc id="18440392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440392" title="Gajendra Prasad Himanshu">
Gajendra Prasad Himanshu

Gajendra Prasad Himanshu is a veteran socialist leader from Bihar, India. Seven times he has been elected M.L.A. from Hasanpur (in years 1967, 1969, 1972, 1977, 1980, 1990 & 2000).
He is considered to be one of the very honest and principled politicians in Bihar. Twice he had rejected the offer to become Chief Minister at the cost of breaking his party and taking support of congress. Due to his non controversial and clean image he is respected by all the leaders from his own and other parties as well. He is highly influenced by the ideologies of Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia. In 70’s and 80’s of Bihar politics, he was considered to be the right hand of late prime minister Chowdhri Charan Singh.
In year 1977, he became minister of state irrigation, Government of Bihar. He was deputy speaker of Bihar Legislative Assembly from 1980 to 1985. In 1990, he became cabinet minister of Public Health and Engineering Department (PHED), Bihar.
He was nominated as speaker of Bihar Assembly in year 2000, by Janata Dal (United) Government. However, the nomination was withdrawn last minute to retain the sanctity of the House particularly that of the chair’s post and would not like to contest the election just to create a precedence. [http://www.tribuneindia.com/2000/20000310/edit.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18440407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440407" title="Bridgeport, Baker County, Oregon">
Bridgeport, Baker County, Oregon

Bridgeport is an unincorporated community in Baker County, Oregon, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 97819. Bridgeport is south of Baker City and just east of Oregon Route 245.

</doc>
<doc id="18440410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440410" title="Priddis, Alberta">
Priddis, Alberta

Priddis is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District (M.D.) of Foothills No. 31. It is located in the foothills of the Canadian Rockies at an elevation of . The hamlet is located southwest of the intersection of the Cowboy Trail (Highway 22) and Highway 22X, approximately west of Calgary's city limits. 
The hamlet is located in census division No. 6 and in the federal riding of Macleod.
It was named for Charles Priddis, who homesteaded along the Fish Creek in 1886.
Demographics.
Statistics Canada has not recently published a population for Priddis.
However, Industry Canada shows that Priddis's greater rural area had a total population of 1,594 living in 645 dwellings in 2001. With a land area of , its greater rural area has a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="18440431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440431" title="Tura al-Gharbiya">
Tura al-Gharbiya

Tura al Gharbiya () is a Palestinian town in the Jenin Governorate in the Northern area of the West Bank, located 14 kilometers West of Jenin close to the separation barrier. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the town had a population of over 1,110 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. The healthcare facilities for the surrounding villages are based in Tura al Gharbiya, the facilities are designated as MOH level 1.

</doc>
<doc id="18440443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440443" title="Harding Theater">
Harding Theater

The Harding Theater is a historic movie theater located at 616 Divisadero Street in San Francisco, California.
History.
The Harding Theater was built in 1926 by local theater owner Samuel H. Levin who hired Reid Brothers architects. The theater opened April 8, 1926 with Colleen Moore starring in the first movie version of the hit musical "Irene".
As with other facilities built by the Reid Brothers, it has a capacity of between 800 and 1200 people. The Harding was used as a movie theater from 1926 to 1970. The theatrical group Lamplighters Music Theatre performed at the facility from 1961 to 1968, The Grateful Dead were featured at the theater on 7 November 1971 with their first performance of "Hideaway".
From the mid-1970s to 2004, the theater was used as a church. In 2004 (approximate date), the building was purchased by developers for US$1.6 million.
Present day.
The owner/developer had a "compromise" plan—to remove the back fly system (see also batten) - so a separate independent structure containing eight units of housing condominia could be constructed, preserve the existing proscenium arch, maintain the existing auditorium and lobby and their extant detailing, while seeking a tenant to provide a use for the space. Consideration for the removal and reconstruction of the raked theater floor and seating to allow for a new parking level below, addition of windows, and the upgrade of restrooms to conform with modern building codes were also reviewed in depth to conform with the Secretary of the Interior's "Standards for the Rehabilitation of Historic Structures".
Historic preservation activists believe this plan threatens the historical integrity of the building and limits its future uses. An appeal was filed against the San Francisco Planning Department's "Negative Declaration" to the Environmental Impact Report under the California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA). In 2005, a similar challenge was successfully made against the negative declaration to the developer's original plan to demolish the entire theater to build more condominiuma. That appeal was heard by the San Francisco Board of Supervisors in April 2005.
The Planning Department's recent Mitigated Negative Declaration was appealed by Friends of 1800 and was heard on September 25, 2008. The Planning Department rescinded that Preliminary Negative Declaration and prepared a new one, which has also been appealed by the Friends of 1800. 
The request for an EIR was heard on November 13, 2008 by the San Francisco Planning Commission, at San Francisco City Hall. The Planning Commission unanimously approved the request of the Friends of 1800 for an EIR, thus an EIR will be required for the project. A feasible plan to pay for and preserve the entire theater has not been put forward by the activists. The developer says he is now putting the building up for sale. A local theater preservation nonprofit is investigating ways to preserve the theater.
In November of 2010, laser cats were painted on the Theater's boarded up entrance. 

</doc>
<doc id="18440446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440446" title="Fuzhong Station">
Fuzhong Station

The Taipei Metro Fuzhong Station is a station on the Banqiao Line located in Banqiao District, New Taipei City, Taiwan.
Station overview.
This five-level, underground station has two stacked side platforms and three exits. Its location is where the old TRA Banqiao Station used to reside.
Public Art.
The piece "Poetry on the Move" is an interactive bulletin board. It consists of a computer-operated LED matrix display in the form of a triangulated strip. The project invites participants to upload text messages and post poetry for public display.

</doc>
<doc id="18440469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440469" title="Redwood Meadows, Alberta">
Redwood Meadows, Alberta

Redwood Meadows is a unique community known as a townsite in Alberta, Canada – the only townsite recognized by Alberta Municipal Affairs at this time.
Redwood Meadows is unique in that it is a partially independent municipality, functioning similar to an incorporated Alberta town, but is different from all other Alberta towns due to:
The Townsite of Redwood Meadows is located along Highway 22, approximately 20 km west of Calgary, 18 km south of Cochrane and 5 km northeast of Bragg Creek. It has an elevation of and is approximately in size (1.62 km² or 0.6 sq mi).
Redwood Meadows is located in census division No. 6 and in the federal riding of Macleod.
Administration.
Although the Townsite of Redwood Meadows is located within the Tsuu T'ina Nation 145 Indian reserve, it has its own Town Council of a mayor and six councillors.
History.
In the early 1970s, the land upon which Redwood Meadows is developed was leased to Sarcee Developments Ltd. (SDL), a wholly owned Tsuu T'ina company. The Head Lease, 75 years in duration, commenced in 1974 and will terminate in 2049 (unless there is a lease renewal). SDL sub-leases individual lots to the residents, which will also terminate in 2049.
Services.
Redwood Meadows shares municipal and emergency services with nearby municipalities through various contracts and agreements. It is serviced with water, sewer, parks and roads and has a well equipped volunteer fire department.
Demographics.
The Townsite of Redwood Meadows had a population of 983 in the 2011 Census according to Alberta Municipal Affairs. Its most recent municipal census prior to this indicated that it had a population of 1,150 on June 30, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18440473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440473" title="Far Eastern Hospital Station">
Far Eastern Hospital Station

The Taipei Metro Far Eastern Hospital Station is a station on the Tucheng Line located in Banqiao District, New Taipei, Taiwan.
Station layout.
The station features an underground island platform and three exits. The station is 243 meters long and 20.5 meters wide.
Design and Public Art.
The entrance to the station was designed as an arch bridge (from "qiao" in Banqiao, meaning "bridge"). It is also meant to represent a "cloud wall", a characteristic of traditional Chinese gardening; the station is located next to Yuanzhi Memorial Garden.
Public art in the station consists of a piece titled "River Romance", which combined LED lamps with glass sticks to create a color-changing "river of time". Poems are engraved on the glass sticks, which look like moving waves from a distance.

</doc>
<doc id="18440482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440482" title="Durkee, Oregon">
Durkee, Oregon

Durkee is an unincorporated community in Baker County, Oregon, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office with the ZIP code of 97905. Durkee lies at the Vandercar Road exit of Interstate 84.
Durkee was originally a stage stop called Express, and by the 1860s it was the only transfer point between Umatilla and Boise. It prospered as a water stop and telegraph station for the railroad, and even later as a stop on Highway 30, the only paved road in the area. It was platted in 1908, even though the population had already peaked.
Climate.
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Durkee has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18440491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440491" title="Cool Spring Farm (Gerrardstown, West Virginia)">
Cool Spring Farm (Gerrardstown, West Virginia)

Cool Spring Farm, also known as Rockdale Spring Farm and Torytown, was built by Colonel Morgan Morgan, reputedly the first permanent European settler in what would become West Virginia. Morgan was granted in 1735, but he is believed to have first settled there in 1731. Recent research indicates that Morgan's settlement was not the first, but was preceded by a German settlement.
Morgan Morgan's fifth son, Zackquill Morgan, built the house in 1761, but sold the farm in 1765 and moved west to Marion County, Virginia, now West Virginia, to establish Morgantown in 1781.
After changing hands several times, the property was purchased by John McKown, Jr. in 1827. His son Edmund renamed the farm "Rockdale Spring Farm". The sons of John McKown owned considerable lands in the area of Gerrardstown during the late 19th century. 

</doc>
<doc id="18440503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440503" title="South Park Let's Go Tower Defense Play!">
South Park Let's Go Tower Defense Play!

"South Park Let's Go Tower Defense Play!" is a 2009 video game based on the American animated television series "South Park", released on the Xbox Live Arcade service for the Xbox 360 video game console. The game was developed by Doublesix, in collaboration with South Park Digital Studios and Xbox Live Productions. "Let's Go Tower Defense Play" is a tower defense game, with the added element of being a fast-paced action game as well. Thus, players do not only build towers to eliminate destructive forces, but they also have to control multiple characters in order to successfully protect the town of South Park. "South Park Let's Go Tower Defense Play!" is the first "South Park" video game released after three early titles released between 1998 and 2000.
Gameplay.
Like in other tower defense games players must destroy waves of enemies using towers strategically placed around a path. In addition players can directly control a character to directly attack the enemies and collect dropped coins in order to buy and place down more towers. In single player, the player switches between each character, whilst multiplayer assigns characters to each player.
Plot.
The game takes place nine years after the events of South Park Rally as Cartman runs over to Stan's house to warn him that 'horrible beings' are attacking South Park. The two are able to defend the household from an army of Ginger Kids and Cows before picking up Kyle and running to their school. Once again, they manage to protect the area, but Cartman receives a phone call from Kenny, who is under attack. After helping Kenny to fight off another horde of enemies, the boys deduce that the one responsible for the mayhem can only be an evil supervillain: Professor Chaos.
The boys reach Butters' house and confront Chaos, but he claims that his only evil plan was "to replace all the healthy vitamin water in the pharmacy with boring old regular water". During a battle with another group of enemies, one of Butters' testicles is shattered, so the boys take him to Hell's Pass Hospital and protect it while he is healed. Jimmy runs in to tell the boys to head to Stark's Pond, where they help Jimbo and Ned to stop another group of enemies from destroying the town. Craig directs them to the lair of the 6th Graders, led by Scott Tenorman, who have been recruited by the sinister evil that looms over the town.
After defeating Scott and the 6th Graders, Clyde tells the gang to help Mr. Lu Kim to defend the Great Wall of South Park from an army of Mongolians. After a long battle, the boys and Lu Kim are victorious, but only before being redirected once again, this time to the South Park Docks, by Tweek.
The boys defend the Docks from a group of enemies led by General Disarray. After doing so, Pip attempts to reveal the villain's identity to the boys, but, typically, they reject him before he is able to finish his sentence. The boys head up high into the mountains above South Park to meet Randy, who tells them that they are about to be attacked. They are able to stop ManBearPig and a mass of Demons from taking over the geology building, before Timmy comes to meet them and they are directed one final time to Downtown South Park. Randy confirms that they must head Downtown to stop the villain, and warns the boys that "he has always been waiting" for them.
The boys stop a huge army of assorted enemies from destroying the town hall before a voice announces 'Game Over' and the game world collapses. After the boys are pulled out into a world beyond the Universe, the villain is revealed to be the Japanese Announcer (who provides voice-overs during gameplay), who has been manipulating South Park and using the boys as pawns. The Announcer then attacks South Park and attempts to storm the town hall himself, but the boys are able to defeat him. Without an ultimate villain controlling South Park, the evil forces disappear and everything returns to normal.
Development.
After the early success of "South Park", three video games based on the show have been released by Acclaim Entertainment: "South Park" (1998), "" (1999), and "South Park Rally" (2000). "South Park" creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone had little to do with the development of these early titles, and have publicly criticized Acclaim and the quality of the games. Directors and producers of "South Park Let's Go Tower Defense Play!" also criticized the previous games as being "disappointing", and for the 3D titles not having the look and feel of the simplistic, "crude and sloppy" cutout animation-based style of "South Park". Work on "South Park Let's Go Tower Defense Play!" started after forming a small group called South Park Digital Studios in late 2007, whose aim was to work on projects related to "South Park", except for the TV show itself. Creative Director Brion Chris said that when starting to develop the game, the team's "biggest hurdle to overcome was the bad taste the early South Park video games left in our collective mouths." Parker and Stone were involved in the creation of "SPLGTDP" from the beginning.
"South Park Let's Go Tower Defense Play!" was developed in collaboration with three studios. The majority of the development on the game was done by UK studio Doublesix, while Microsoft Game Studios also had artists and programmers working on the game, and provided additional work on the project, including improvements based on Usability Research. South Park Digital Studios brought their expertise of working on the show for 13 seasons, and were in charge of the script, content, and quality control. The team constantly reviewed several aspect of the game, including every graphical asset created for it outside the South Park Studios. South Park Digital Studios also helped in setting the style of and creating the different towers available in the game, which are designed to have the appearance of having been put together by the kids, from various materials lying around.
Most of the game's art assets were provided by South Park Digital Studios. New cutscenes were created, in a style that is both true to the show's look, and to the Anime-inspired look of the game. The dialogue in the game features both archive recordings from the show's past seasons, as well as new lines recorded by the original voice talent of the show; mainly creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone. New original music was composed and produced by "South Park" composer Jamie Dunlap.
As "South Park" is often controversial in both its subject matter and language use, certain decisions were considered about both the content featured in the game, and its title. While most content was left in the game unaltered, including many short clips from the episodes of the show, some cuts were made specifically for the Japanese Microsoft team, for the game to be available for release in Japan. The title for the game went through several iterations. The original title for the game was "South Park: Suck My Balls", but was done away after considering how to censor its title with asterisks on Microsoft's Xbox Live Marketplace service. The next idea was to name the game "Snowballin", alluding to the snowball-fighting nature of the game, while also referring to the sexual practice. Another title considered for the game was the pseudo-Japanese sounding "Baru Baru Suki Suki". After all of these were refused as unacceptable titles for the game, it was decided to name it "South Park Let's Go Tower Defense Play!", which fit in with "the Japanese animation-style feel" of the game. Other problematic issues involved the names of the game's Achievements, which are all references to the series. Achievements are publicly visible outside of the game, and there are restrictions on the names and images that can be used in them. Rejected Achievements included the drug-related phrase "Chasing the Dragon" and "Stupid Spoiled Whore". Another Achievement was to be titled "How to Eat with Your Butt", but buttocks are not allowed to be shown on the service.
Release and reception.
The game was first mentioned at the 2008 Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3), and was later revealed with its final title at Comic-Con 2009. It was released on October 7, 2009, the day the second half of the show's thirteenth season premiered. In October 2009, as part of Xbox Live's "Game with Fame" promotion, players were able to play with series co-creator Matt Stone, and other South Park Studios employees online.
GameSpot gave the game a 7.5 out of 10 saying "A great sense of humor and challenging gameplay make Let's Go Tower Defense Play! easily the best South Park game to date." IGN gave the game a 7.0 out of 10 because of the story, non-stop nostalgia, and having the game have more of a multiplayer focus, making the game frustrating for solo gamers. At the 2009 Spike Video Game Awards, the game was awarded the "Best Game Based on a Movie or TV Show" award.

</doc>
<doc id="18440529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440529" title="The Christmas Channel">
The Christmas Channel

The Christmas Channel is an American radio network that primarily airs traditional and popular Christmas music to 35 affiliate radio stations across the United States. The Christmas Channel is a property of Cumulus Media Networks (through Cumulus Media) and is active from the day before Thanksgiving Day through Christmas Day.
History.
"The Christmas Channel" started out as seasonal programming on ABC Radio's "Memories/Unforgettable Favorites" satellite format in 1998 under The Walt Disney Company's control. On Thanksgiving Day, ABC Radio would switch programming to Christmas music and the day after Christmas Day, it would switch back to regular programming. With the merger of "Unforgettable Favorites" and "Timeless Classics" in 2006, "The Christmas Channel" became a stand-alone network. In 2007, this network (as well as other ABC Radio formats) were transferred to Citadel Broadcasting. Citadel merged with Cumulus Media on September 16, 2011. 
Citadel has indicated that The Christmas Channel would air, instead of on its usual separate channel, in place of the Classic Hits format Citadel distributes for the 2010 season. The stand-alone network returned in 2011, this time launching on November 1 to accommodate early adopters.
Cumulus Media Networks is the only commercial network to carry such a seasonal format; its main competitor, Dial Global, along with its recently purchased assets Jones and Waitt do not offer such a format.
Affiliates (partial list).
Data as of December 6, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18440542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440542" title="Emarosa">
Emarosa

Emarosa ( ) is an American post-hardcore band from Lexington, Kentucky. Formed in 2006, they released one EP in 2007 titled "This Is Your Way Out", and shortly after, the group underwent significant lineup and sound changes, dropping their heavy metal influence and leaning toward a soul inspiration. The band went on to release "Relativity", which features their most recent vocalist Jonny Craig and new guitarist Jonas Ladekjaer. Their eponymous second album was released on June 29, 2010 meeting their highest critical acclaim yet.
History.
Beginnings and "This Is Your Way Out" (2006–2008).
Emarosa began with keyboardist Jordan Stewart, drummer Lukas Koszewski and guitarist E.R. White having the decision of either attending college, or staying in their hometown of Lexington, Kentucky to start a new band. Stewart stated that "There's too much of an itch to do this," regarding the band he helped start in February 2006.
The band origins date back to early high school, which was said by keyboardist Jordan Stewart on Indiestar.tv. Stewart states some of the members had been playing in high school before "taking it serious," referring to four of the original members on the current lineup (ER White, Will Sowers, Lukas Koszweski, Jordan Stewart). Emarosa initially formed as a five piece post-hardcore band called Corsets Are Cages in 2006, and recorded three songs during this time (most notably "Utah, But I’m Taller"), however when the band lost two members and gained two new ones (including another vocalist, Chris Roetter) it was decided that it was time to start afresh with a new name: Emarosa. The band was signed to StandBy Records to record their 7 track EP "This Is Your Way Out". It was released on May 1, 2007, by StandBy Records through Thriving Records because StandBy had no distribution at the time.
On November 2007, lead singer Jonny Craig from Dance Gavin Dance, was released from the band due to extreme tension and personal conflicts with the other members. After leaving Dance Gavin Dance after the "Saints and Sinners Festival" in New Jersey, Jonny Craig immediately filled in for A Skylit Drive and toured with them while their then lead singer Jordan was ill during their tour. It had been only 2 weeks since he left Dance Gavin Dance in which he joined Emarosa who were left without a lead singer. Emarosa officially announced the permanent addition of Jonny Craig on November 19, 2007.
Jordan Stewart (keyboardist) and Lukas Koszewski (drummer) were interviewed in which they referred to the problems regarding Jonny Craig and the transitions: "In the beginning it was pretty intense. We would receive rather nasty comments and messages on Myspace asking what happened to Chris and why Jonny was no longer with Dance Gavin Dance. Sometimes when we play, kids will think it is funny to throw in remarks about the change and how they liked the old stuff better. The time between us realizing Chris wasn't working out to the time Jonny joined was extremely short. But even with Chris in the band, it was already decided that our full-length wouldn't have as much screaming. We just kept writing the way we had been before parting ways with Chris."
"Relativity" (2008–2009).
On January 26, 2008, Emarosa posted their first official song with Jonny Craig titled, "New Demo" (now known to be "Set It Off Like Napalm"). Two weeks later, the demo of "Pretend. Release. The Close." was put on their player. On May 3, 2008, three new post-production songs were added to the MySpace player and the name of the album, "Relativity", was revealed. The album was released on July 8, 2008, and received high praise from critics and fans alike.
In Emarosa's latest and first video interview with Indiestar, Craig stated that "Set It Off Like Napalm" and "Pretend Release the Close" were "about the life was having, [his departure from Dance Gavin Dance, and how much better was feeling about being in this band [Emarosa." They were written in one practice session and played live 2 days later. He also said that "Even Bad Men Love Their Mothers" was co-sang by his mother. Boyz II Men was also said to be one of Jonny Craig's main musical influences. Craig states that most of the instrumentals were already completed prior to joining Emarosa, in which Jordan Stewart (keyboardist) says five were completed, to be exact. Jerry Roush, formerly of Sky Eats Airplane and Of Mice & Men, makes an appearance stating he's the new screamer for Emarosa but is joking the entire interview.
Emarosa has been touring for the past 2 years with such bands as; Fiora, Akissforjersey, Before Their Eyes, and The Wedding. Emarosa toured with A Skylit Drive, Sky Eats Airplane, and Breathe Carolina the entire month of July. They began another tour in Canada with Canadian headliners Dead and Divine for the month of August and played with Chiodos on August 30, 2008 as a special event in their hometown of Lexington, Kentucky. Emarosa was the headline for the "Rise Records Tour" the entire month of September and first week of October, with support from In Fear and Faith and Attack Attack!. They held their headlining, "The Delicious Tour" alongside Pierce the Veil and Breathe Carolina. Emarosa toured the UK alongside You Me at Six and The Spill Canvas from March 6 until March 13, 2009. A Day to Remember announced their latest US Tour (The Sweet Brag Tour) which included Emarosa along with metalcore bands The Devil Wears Prada and Sky Eats Airplane. The tour stretched from March 14 until May 1, 2009. June 19 - August 1, 2009, Emarosa headlined
"The Artery Foundation Across the Nation Tour" supported by I See Stars, Our Last Night, In Fear and Faith, Burden of a Day, and Broadway.
Self-titled album and departure of Craig (2010–2012).
Emarosa informed fans that they had begun recording material for their new album via their YouTube channel. and on January 2, 2010 Emarosa entered the studio to record their second full length album working with producer Brian McTernan who had contacted Emarosa previously with plans to record their second album. While recording the band posted updates for fans from the studio which can be seen on their Tumblr blog.
The album was released on June 29, 2010 through Rise Records and received a good amount of praise. In an interview with Punktastic, the band spoke about the overall sound of this album. "I remember during the recording process, ER and I talked a lot about wanting to do more folk/indie stuff for the next record. Really bare bones, mellow and raw." Shrednews said "Emarosa have taken this album to a higher level, with more complex and animated guitar riffs, and pounding drum beats that you will make you headbang without even realizing it."
Craig stated that the band would be traveling to Portland after his solo tour to record a B-side for the self-titled album. He also stated that a version of "The Game Played Right" featuring Modsun would be released in.
While on tour, the band is known to occasionally play "Casablanca" with a guest vocalist. So far Cody Anderson (formerly of In Fear and Faith), Chris Roetter (of Like Moths to Flames, formerly Emarosa and Agraceful, who actually wrote the song), Austin Carlile, Jon Mess (of Dance Gavin Dance), Kyle Tamosaitis (formerly of Burden of a Day), Chris Moore, and Jerry Roush have performed this song alongside the band.
During the summer of 2010 Jonny Craig and Jon Mess both rejoined Dance Gavin Dance (of which they were original members). Although Craig had not announced his plans for his relationship with Emarosa, he is currently concentrating on his work with Dance Gavin Dance whose new album "Downtown Battle Mountain II" was released March 8, 2011. In Craig's absence Emarosa picked up ex-Tides of Man touring vocalist, Tilian Pearson. On February 27, 2011 Alternative Press broke the news that Craig had turned himself into detox, stemming from reports of Twitter scams and from a longtime addiction.
On April 11, 2011, "Alternative Press" announced that Craig had been kicked out of Emarosa. The band stated that "as of today, Jonny Craig is no longer a member of Emarosa. This decision has been a hard one to make, but we feel it is in the best interest for the band going forward." Tilian Pearson, formerly of Tides of Man, filled in for Craig for 2011 tour dates. According to an Alternative Press interview with the band, their ideal vocalist would not be like Craig tone wise. "We’re not looking for Jonny Craig 2.0. We just want to find someone who can bring something unique to the band," states Stewart.
New vocalist and third album (2012–present).
It was rumored former Tides of Man vocalist, Tilian Pearson had joined the band, but was later discredited by Pearson himself. Tilian eventually replaced Jonny Craig in his former band, Dance Gavin Dance. On April 6, the band posted that they are still looking for a new vocalist. Bassist Will Sowers stated that the band will release a new album in the summer of 2012, although this did not materialize.
Jonny Craig has said in a recent interview he has been collaborating with Emarosa on new songs. He says that while he's not officially a member, he is open to come back.
Jonny Craig has taken to Twitter to indicate the band's long-vacant vocalist position has been filled by Bradley Walden, formerly of Squid The Whale.
On August 15, 2013, Emarosa stated via Tumblr and Twitter that pre-production for their 3rd studio album had begun. In December 2013, a new demo song was leaked on tumblr and YouTube. The song is called "Supercow" and features Tilian Pearson on vocals.
On January 10, 2014 the band announced that letlive.'s vocalist Jason Aalon Butler would be providing guest vocals on a track from the band's forthcoming album.
On January 15, 2014, Emarosa confirmed on Twitter that the album has been tracked.

</doc>
<doc id="18440558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440558" title="Edward P. Hurt">
Edward P. Hurt

Edward Paulette Hurt, A.B., M.S., LL.D., (born February 12, 1900 – March 24, 1989) was the head football coach, the head basketball coach and the head track coach at Morgan State College, in Baltimore, Maryland, from 1929 to 1959. In these sports, Hurt's teams won 33 Colored Intercollegiate Athletic Association (CIAA) championships and produced 2 NFL Hall of Famers and an Olympic gold medal winner. Hurt also served as the school's athletic director from 1958 to 1970. He was inducted into the USA National Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1975 and the HBCU Hall of Fame in 1978.
Early life.
Hurt was born in Brookneal, Virginia. He attended Lincoln University and later graduated from Howard University with an A.B. degree in 1921. The slightly muscled, 150-pound Hurt played football at both schools and was named an All-American at Howard. Hurt also graduated from Columbia University with a M.S. degree in physical education. On August 13, 1922, Hurt married G. Beatrice Reid. The newlywed couple had to postpone honeymoon plans as Hurt had also landed a job in Lynchburg, Virginia to start his teaching career.
Coaching career.
Hurt's coaching career began at the Virginia Theological Seminary and College in Lynchburg, Virginia in 1921 where he was hired as a mathematics teacher and doubled as an assistant football coach. He became the head coach there in 1925 and served in that capacity until he moved to Baltimore in 1929. During his stay, his football teams posted a 15-11-4 record and his basketball team won 2 CIAA championships.
Morgan football.
Hurt took over the Morgan Bears football team in 1929. The next year his teams won the first of the 14 CIAA championships they would win with him at the helm. More importantly, Hurt built a program that allowed black athletes to showcase their talents where such a venue had been non-existent before. From 1931
to 1938 Hurt coached the Bears to a 54-game streak without a single loss. During his tenure, Morgan's football teams completed 11 seasons undefeated and, in the 1943 season, opponents failed to score a single point against the Bears. Hurt's success as a football coach was in part due to his mathematics background. He would often diagram plays on the backs of envelopes or milk cartons as the games unfolded. Discipline was also a key. During a halftime speech, when his team trailed by two touchdowns, Hurt angrily kick at a wooden crate upon which one of his big tackles was sitting. He kicked it so hard, his foot got stuck, but nobody on the team cracked a smile. Hurt is a member of the HBCU coaches Hall of Fame and two of his players, Len Ford and Rosey Brown, have been inducted into the NFL Hall of Fame. In 1952 Morgan named its then new $1 million gymnasium facility after him.
Track.
From 1929 to 1970, Hurt also coached the track team at Morgan. By the 1950s the Morgan track team was drawing national and international attention. At the 1950 Penn Relays, Hurt's foursome, Sam LaBeach, Bob Tyler, Bill Brown and George Rhoden, won the mile relay in 3:13.6, which broke the Penn Relays' record that had stood for 56 years. Hurt's teams won 13 CIAA Track and Field Championships. Those teams also produced 8 NCAA champions, 12 AAU individual champions, 3 NCAA relay champions, 6 AAU relay champions, 1 Olympic gold-medalist (George Rhoden), 1 Olympic bronze-medalist (Josh Culbreath) and 11 individual or relay championships at the Penn Relays. Hurt was also on the coaching staffs at both the 1959 Pan American Games and the 1964 Olympic Games.
Basketball.
Hurt coached the Morgan State University basketball team from 1929 to 1947, winning 4 CIAA championships. Three of those championships came consecutively in 1931, 1932 and 1933. From 1930 to 1947 Hurt coached the Morgan cagers to a 143-57 record, with the 1930, 1932, 1935 and 1945 teams going undefeated.
Death and legacy.
Hurt died on March 24, 1989. His memorial service was held one week later on the campus of Morgan State University. His interment was completed at the Arbutus Memorial Park in southwest Baltimore County, Maryland. Hurt was survived by his wife Beatrice, one brother and three sisters. In addition to the Hurt Gymnasium, named is his honor in 1952, a scholarship fund was established in the name of Edward and Beatrice Hurt and the "Eddie Hurt Invitational track meet" is held annually at the university.

</doc>
<doc id="18440572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440572" title="Haishan Station">
Haishan Station

The Taipei Metro Haishan Station is a station on the Banqiao Line located in Tucheng District, New Taipei City, Taiwan.
Station layout.
The station is a two-level, underground station with an island platform and three exits. It is located close to Mingde Rd. and Yuming Rd.
Construction.
The station is 200 meters long and 21 meters side. Initially, the proposed site was too narrow to construct a station. Thus, the neighboring Gongguan drain was changed into an underground drainage box. The station was constructed on top of the drain between National Haishan Industrial Vocational High School and Leli Elementary School.
Public art.
Public art for the station is titled "Farm" and is located in the public square outside the station. It consists of 11 cows of differing sizes and forms which also act as street furniture. The painted ponds on the ground were created with the help of teachers and students from the nearby Leli Elementary School.

</doc>
<doc id="18440627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440627" title="Welcome Back (John Sebastian song)">
Welcome Back (John Sebastian song)

"Welcome Back" is a popular record that was the theme song of the 1970s American television sitcom "Welcome Back, Kotter". Written and recorded by former Lovin' Spoonful frontman John Sebastian, it topped the Easy Listening chart and reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for one week in May 1976 after only five weeks on the chart (the show itself had become an instant ratings success upon its premiere the previous Fall). The song also reached number 93 on the Country chart.
History.
TV producer Alan Sachs wanted a Lovin' Spoonful-like theme song for a new ABC sitcom entitled "Kotter". Sachs' agent, Dave Bendet, also represented Sebastian and arranged for a meeting between the two. The producers liked the song so much that they changed the name of the series to "Welcome Back, Kotter". Co-produced by Steve Barri and Sebastian, the song eventually sold over one million copies.
The song originally had one verse, meant for the TV series. Because of the popularity of the show, "Welcome Back Kotter", Sebastian, in the single version, added a second verse to the song, as well as an instrumental section featuring Sebastian's harmonica solo, before he resumes finishing up the verse, as well as the repeated chorus and coda to finish the song. The single version would eventually be used during the closing credits of "Welcome Back, Kotter".

</doc>
<doc id="18440640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440640" title="Post, Oregon">
Post, Oregon

Post is an unincorporated community in Crook County, Oregon, United States. It has a post office assigned the ZIP code of 97752. Post lies along Oregon Route 380 southeast of Prineville at at an elevation of .
Post is named for the geological marker in a field nearby: a post marking the geographic center of the state of Oregon.
Climate.
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Post has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18440662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440662" title="USS Montauk (SP-392)">
USS Montauk (SP-392)

USS "Montauk" (SP-392) was a trawler acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was outfitted as a coastal minesweeper and was assigned to the 6th Naval District based at Charleston, South Carolina. During a gale off the southeast coast of the United States, she ran aground on Cumberland Island and was destroyed, with a loss of life of seven of her crew.
Built in Delaware.
The second ship to be so named by the U.S. Navy, "Montauk" (SP 392), built originally at Kennebunk, Maine, in 1880, was rebuilt at Wilmington, Delaware, in 1905; and acquired by the Navy through purchase from the Fisheries Products Company, Wilmington, North Carolina, 17 August 1917. 
World War I service.
Placed in service as a coastal minesweeper soon thereafter, "Montauk" patrolled the coastline of the 6th Naval District until 21 August 1918. 
Run aground and lost.
Cruising at that time off the Georgia and Florida coast, "Montauk" was lost, with seven of her crew, when she ran aground and foundered at Cumberland Island, one of the barrier islands off the Georgia coast -- known as the Sea Islands -- in a northeasterly gale. "Montauk" was approximately 20 miles from Fernandina, Florida, at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="18440677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440677" title="Creosote gall midge">
Creosote gall midge

The "Asphondylia auripila" group (Diptera: Cecidomyiidae) consists of 15 closely related species of gall-inducing flies which inhabit creosote bush (Zygophyllaceae: "Larrea tridentata"). They have partitioned the plant ecologically with different gall midge species inhabiting the leaves, stems, buds, and flowers of creosote bush. Each species induces a uniquely shaped gall but the insects are otherwise morphologically very similar and very difficult to tell apart. Their life cycle begins when the female oviposits into the part of the plant which her species prefers, she inserts her egg along with a fungal spore from a mycangia (a small pocket to store fungal spores). A gall forms and the fungal mycelium grows to line the inside of the gall, when the egg hatches the developing larva feeds upon the fungus. Adult emergence is timed with periods of plant growth associated with winter, spring, or summer rain fall. In contrast to many other groups of plant-feeding insects (which form new species through changes to new host plants) the evolution of new species in the "A. auripila" group seems to be a result of colonizing new parts of the same plant and/or colonization of new seasons of plant growth.
List of species by host-plant part:
"Asphondylia clavata" -leaf gall
"Asphondylia pilosa" - leaf gall
"Asphondylia villosa" - leaf gall
"Asphondylia barbata" - leaf gall
"Asphondylia digitata" - leaf gall
"Asphondylia discalis" - leaf gall
"Asphondylia silicula" - leaf gall
"Asphondylia fabalis" - leaf gall
"Asphondylia bullata" - stem gall
"Asphondylia resinosa" - stem gall
"Asphondylia foliosa" - stem gall
"Asphondylia auripila" - stem gall
"Asphondylia rosetta" - stem gall
"Asphondylia florea" - flower gall
"Asphondylia apicata" - bud gall
"Asphondylia borrichiae" - stem gall

</doc>
<doc id="18440678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440678" title="Ophir, Oregon">
Ophir, Oregon

Ophir is an unincorporated community in Curry County, Oregon, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office with a ZIP code of 97464. Ophir lies at the intersection of Oregon Route 515 and U.S. Route 101, northeast of Nesika Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="18440680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440680" title="Enoch Edwards (surgeon)">
Enoch Edwards (surgeon)

Enoch Edwards (1751 – April 18, 1802, Frankford, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was an American physician and a leading Patriot during the American Revolution. Born in Lower Dublin Township, Pennsylvania, Edwards was a member of the Provincial Congress in Carpenters' Hall on June 18, 1776, which led to the Pennsylvania Constitution of 1776. He was also a signatory of the 1790 Pennsylvania Constitution. During the war he served as attending physician for George Washington, was a close friend of both Benjamin Rush and Thomas Jefferson, and kept up correspondence with James Monroe and John Quincy Adams.
On October 26, 1779, Edwards married Frances Gordon (half-sister of Henry Benbridge) at Christ Church, Philadelphia.
The Edwards family were prominent during the American Revolution.
"Dr. Enoch Edwards was associated with James Monroe when the latter was minister to France, and was also on the staff of Lord Sterling.
A brother, Major Evan Edwards, was on the staff of General Charles Lee, and was General Lee's second in his celebrated duel with Laurens, in which Alexander Hamilton was the second on the other side.
It is said that Jefferson made his first draft of the Declaration of Independence in the summer house located in the garden of Dr. Edwards, in Frankford.
The mansion on these grounds, which was only recently torn down, was in its day the resort of the most eminent men of the time, including George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Monroe, and many others foremost in the history of our country.
Aaron Burr, who was a cousin of Dr. Edwards, and of Dr. Britton's great-grandmother, was also a frequent visitor."
As a living eyewitness to Jefferson's return to Frankford, Fanny Saltar makes the following entry while writing her memoirs:
After my uncle's return, he purchased a place in Frankford
of Mr. Drinker. The house was pleasantly situated at
some distance from the street, but the beauty of the
place consisted in the lovely view presented from the
summer-house, of the pastures, streams, bridges, mills,
the village, numberless roads winding through tall
trees, luxuriant shade, and rising above all other objects,
was seen Christ Church steeple, five miles distant.
One day when Mr. Jefferson was on a visit to my uncle,
they walked up to this summer-house. He looked round
and said: This is the spot on which the signers of the Declaration of Independence dined the day they signed the Declaration.

</doc>
<doc id="18440688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440688" title="Thorax of Larissa">
Thorax of Larissa

Thorax (Greek: ) of Larissa in Thessaly was a member of the powerful family of the Aleuadae. He was a son of an Aleuas who was a friend of the poet Simonides.
Thorax and his brothers, Eurypylus and Thrasydaeus, wishing to confirm or to increase their power, were among those who urged Xerxes to invade Greece, and promised him their assistance in the enterprise. In Xerxes' retreat, after the Battle of Salamis, Thorax formed one of his escort, after which he still continued to show his zeal in the cause of the invaders, and was present with Mardonius at the Battle of Plataea in 479 BC. When the Persians had been finally driven from Greece, Leotychidas, king of Sparta, led an army into Thessaly to punish those who had sided with the barbarians, but the Aleuadae bribed him to refrain from making reprisals against their kin.

</doc>
<doc id="18440697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440697" title="George Washington Hollida House">
George Washington Hollida House

The George Washington Hollida House is a brick house built c. 1842 near the village of Scrabble, West Virginia, United States. The Hollida "(pronounced "Holiday")" House is an example of an I-house with a five-bay front and a four-bay ell extending to the rear with Greek Revival detailing. The property includes several outbuildings and a bank barn. The Hollida house is included in the larger Scrabble Historic District, which encompasses the entire village. 

</doc>
<doc id="18440700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440700" title="Alley Cat (album)">
Alley Cat (album)

Alley Cat is the debut album by Danish pianist Bent Fabric. The album features the Grammy Award-winning single "Alley Cat", and was a charting album in 1962-63.
The title song is used as a recurring gag on the short-lived 1990 TV show "Get a Life".

</doc>
<doc id="18440701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440701" title="Chapel Hill Rear Range Light">
Chapel Hill Rear Range Light

The Chapel Hill Rear Range Light is a lighthouse which functioned as the rear light of the now-discontinued Chapel Hill Range.
History.
This light was one of three identical lighthouses built along the New York harbor approaches in the 1850s (the others being the New Dorp Light and the Point Comfort Light). It worked in concert with the Conover Beacon to mark the Chapel Hill Channel, which runs north-south between the main Ambrose Channel and the secondary channel into Raritan Bay. The light took its name from a Baptist church built in 1809. 
In 1957 this light was discontinued and replaced by a steel tower much closer to the front light (200 ft, as opposed to . for the original lights). The old house was auctioned off in 1959 and sold to a New York businessman who intended it as a present for his amateur astronomer son. The building has since had several owners, who put an addition on the east end, added dormers along the roof line, and added various decorative touches.

</doc>
<doc id="18440708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440708" title="Ras al-Far'a">
Ras al-Far'a

Ras al-Far'a () is a Palestinian town in the Tubas Governorate in the Northern area of the West Bank, located 5 kilometers South west of Tubas. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the town had a population of over 701 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. The healthcare facilities for Ras al-Far'a are based in Tammun and the nearby refugee camp of al-Far'a.

</doc>
<doc id="18440730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440730" title="Robert Young (Hawaii)">
Robert Young (Hawaii)

Robert Young (1796 - ? 1813) was a Hawaiian chief and the son of John Young, the British advisor of Kamehameha the Great. Named after his paternal grandfather, Robert Young of Lancashire, England, he was probably called "Lopaka" by his mother and other Hawaiians.
Early life.
He was born February 14, 1796, the eldest son of John Young and his wife Namokuelua. Robert's mother, the chiefess Namokuelua, was of Oahuan aristocracy, although not of high rank. Robert's father was the well noted advisor and "aikane" (favorite) of Kamehameha the Great. Even though he was his father's first son, Young was advanced in age, being over 48 while Robert's mother was 16 when he was born. Robert was the elder full brother of James Kanehoa Young, and he was elder half-brother of Fanny Kekelaokalani Young, Grace Kamaikui Young, John Kalaipaihala Young, and Jane Lahilahi Young, children of his father's second marriage to Kaoanaeha. He was one year older than James, 8 years older than Fanny, 10 years older than Grace, 14 years older than John and 17 years older than Jane.
Education.
In 1802, Robert and probably James were both sent abroad to Boston, Massachusetts for a Western education. A letter in the Archives, dated in 1804, referring to Robert having been left at school in America, would indicate the event to have been an early politic step. This letter has not before been referred to, it is believed, and gives material that might have connection with the inquiries mentioned at the opening of this paper, were it not known that the lad died before reaching his teens. It is dated at Canton, February 10, 1804, directed to John Young, and is as follows:
I have sent you by Mr. Davis 20 pieces of Blue Nankeens and two boxes of tea. I left your son Robert well in America about six months since; he is at school and behaves very well. I shall do everything for him that I promised you, you may depend on it. I am very fond of him, and shall take great care to make him a good man. Remember me to Stewart, Davis, and Holmes when you see them, and believe me,
According to this letter, Robert could have only arrived in Boston, on October 1803. He made have started out from Hawaii in 1802, but the journey even by the standard of those days would not have taken more than 11 or 10 months.
Death.
Robert joined the American Navy at age 16 and served in the War of 1812. Although he was half-British, he was captured by the British and taken prisoner in the Battle of Lake Champlain. He was sent to the island of Bermuda, where he became lost to history. Nothing definite was ever heard from him again. Once source states: "It is said that he died early in his school career and was buried in the States, but no particulars can be gathered."

</doc>
<doc id="18440746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440746" title="Oda Nagamasa">
Oda Nagamasa


</doc>
<doc id="18440761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440761" title="Tucheng Station (Taipei Metro)">
Tucheng Station (Taipei Metro)

The Taipei Metro Tucheng Station is a station on the Tucheng Line located in Tucheng District, New Taipei, Taiwan.
Station layout.
It is a two-level, underground station with an island platform configuration and has three exits. The station is located underneath Jincheng Rd. at its intersection with Heping Rd.
It is a planned transfer station with the Wanda-Shulin Line, scheduled to open in 2018.
Public art.
Public art for the station consists of a faux archeological piece titled "The Legend of Gold Town". Produced through high-tech means, the piece is displayed similarly to how excavated artifacts are displayed. It depicts historical diversity and the development of the Tucheng area and represent the creativity and local characteristics of Tucheng.

</doc>
<doc id="18440766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440766" title="Berteroa incana">
Berteroa incana

Berteroa incana is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family, Brassicaceae. Its common names include hoary alyssum, false hoary madwort, hoary berteroa, and hoary alison. It is native to Eurasia and it has been introduced to western Europe and North America. It is an invasive noxious weed in some areas.
Description.
This species has been described as a biennial herb, and as an annual to short-lived perennial. It is hairy, with flattened star-shaped and simple hairs. It produces one or more upright stems usually 30 to 80 centimeters tall, sometimes exceeding one meter. The basal leaves are up to 8 to 10 centimeters long. The leaves are hairy and grayish. The inflorescence is a dense raceme of flowers. The four white petals are roughly half a centimeter long and are tipped with two lobes. The fruit is a hairy silicle up to a centimeter long.
Uses.
It is sometimes considered an ornamental plant good for landscaping purposes. It is planted to cover waste ground at mining sites and in urban areas in Europe.
As a weed.
This is an invasive species of roadsides, railroads, farms and pastures, riverbanks, vacant lots, overgrazed rangelands, and lawns. It tolerates cold winters and hot, dry summer conditions. It thrives in poor soils with sand and gravel, more often in alkali soils.
It is a weed of alfalfa and clover forages, reducing their quality with its nutrient-poor herbage. It competes with native flora and reproduces continuously. It may reduce pollinators.
The plant is likely introduced to new areas when its seed is distributed with agricultural crop seeds.
Toxicity.
The plant is toxic to horses. Green and dry material is sometimes found in alfalfa feed. Signs of poisoning include lameness due to laminitis and leg edema, stiffness, fever, diarrhea, intravascular hemolysis, hypovolemic shock, premature birth, abortion, gut ulceration, edema of the kidneys, pulmonary edema, and calcium crystals in the urine. It can be fatal, but most horses survive with treatment. The toxic compound is not known.

</doc>
<doc id="18440769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440769" title="Vision City">
Vision City

Vision City () is a residential high-rise development located in the Tsuen Wan district of the New Territories in Hong Kong. The complex consists of five towers, each of which ranks among the tallest buildings in the city. The tallest buildings in the complex are Vision City 2 and Vision City 3, which both rise and 52 floors. The towers are tied as the 67th-tallest buildings in Hong Kong. Towers 1 and 5 rise and 52 floors, standing as the 70th-tallest buildings in the city. Tower 6 rises 50 floors and high, and is the city's 90th-tallest building. The entire complex was completed in 2007. The five towers, composed entirely of residential units, rise out of a common podium that is used for retail space. Vision City contains 1,446 condominiums and of floor area. 

</doc>
<doc id="18440791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440791" title="Biswas Nao Korte Paren">
Biswas Nao Korte Paren

Biswas Nao Korte Paren ("You May Not Believe") is a 2006 Indian film.
Synopsis.
What is a name? Is it merely a word? A name of a person denotes his/her external identity. It is related to each and every social action and reaction of a person with other persons. The film deals with the plight of the protagonist whose name has changed overnight. The problem aggravates when the changed name connotes religious and cultural differences when Shymal (a Hindu name) or Salim (a Muslim name), the protagonist becomes Salim or Shyamal. The film brings into focus the crisis in his life and the pain of being ostracized and alienated by everyone that matters to him. In such a situation of loneliness, Shyamal identifies with his next-door neighbor who has also been alienated and is fighting his lonely existence. 
The film portrays excellent photographic work, interesting camera angles mostly associated with directors from Middle-Eastern countries. This film has found a niche fan-following within the urban Bengali crowd and its abstract ending was well-appreciated by the viewers. 
With this film, the director Pradipta Bhattacharya has emerged as one of the most talented young directors from Bengal following a path laid down by the big names such as Satyajit Ray, Mrinal Sen and Ritwik Ghatak. 

</doc>
<doc id="18440815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440815" title="Mary Mohler">
Mary Mohler

Mary Elizabeth Mohler (née DeScenza) (born September 17, 1984) is an American swimmer.
Personal life.
Mohler was born into an Italian-American family in Middlesex, New Jersey. Her father, Robert DeScenza, works as a structural engineer and her mother, Margaret DeScenza, is a homemaker. She attended Rosary High School in Aurora, Illinois where she was best known for being the Illinois High School Association state champion for the 100 yard Butterfly from 1998 to 2001. During the off season of her high school swim team, Mohler was a member of the Academy Bullets Swim Club based in Aurora, Illinois. She started swimming at the age of 6 and joined the swim club shortly after. After graduating from high school in 2002, she attended the University of Georgia where she graduated in 2007 with a Bachelors of Science in Biology. Mohler's collegiate swimming career reached its peak as she became a four-time NCAA champion in the 200 butterfly, only the second to do so besides Mary "Madame Butterfly" Meagher, from 2003 to 2006.
During and after her collegiate career, Mohler qualified for the U.S. Olympic Swim Trials but failed to make the both the 2004 and 2008 Olympic Swim Team. Even though she had two disappointing results from the U.S. Olympic Swim Trials, she continues to train for the upcoming 2012 Summer Olympics with hopes of making the team. To aid in her efforts towards the 2012 Summer Olympics, Mohler currently competes in the 2008-2009 USA Swimming Grand Prix Series. Currently, she is ranked first in the series and obtaining best times for her Butterfly events.
She has two other siblings who also shared the love for swimming. Mohler has an older sister, Katie, and a younger sister, Patricia. Her younger sister, also qualified in the 200 m butterfly for the 2004 Olympic Swim Trials. Mohler's personality has been described by friends and family as very outgoing and quirky, so she has been known to have the nicknames of "Crazy" and "Crazy Mary." Mohler has a long-haired weiner dog named Speedo. Before swimming, she participated in soccer and softball. Outside of swimming, she likes to relax by laying out on a beach. In addition, her favorite hobbies outside the pool are baking, reading, and shopping. She hopes to one day be a nurse or a veterinarian.
Club swimming career.
After walking past a community pool with her older sister Katie, Mohler fell in love with the sport of swimming. Taking after her older sister, she dedicated herself to longs hours of practice. She was determined to do well and had dreams of making it to the Olympic games some day. Mohler's hard work started to pay off as she distinguished herself from other swimmers with her phenomenal swimming with the Academy Bullets Swim Club before high school and during the high school off season. Her coach Bill Schalz worked with her to better her stroke techniques as she went on to do well at all of the Chicago Area swim invitationals. Currently, her 11/12 year old, 13/14 year old, and Senior Women short course yards and long course meters records at the Academy Bullets Swim Club still stand. 
High school swimming career.
Her success at the club team level continued as she competed for the Rosary High School Swim Team at the Illinois High School Association State Swim Meet. She graduated with her high school diploma in 2002. Mohler was a two-time state champion in the 200 yard Freestyle, a four-time state champion in the 100 yard Butterfly, and a two-time state champion in the 200 yard Medley Relay. She broke the 100 yard Butterfly IHSA state record during the 2001 state finals with the time of 53.11.
Collegiate career.
Mohler continued her high school success in the pool at the collegiate level. She attended the University of Georgia(UGA) from Fall 2002 through Spring 2007 and was majoring in Biology in the Franklin College of Arts and Sciences. While attending classes, she was a member of the UGA Swimming & Diving Team. She earned seven All-American certificates, the maximum possible, and was a four-time NCAA champion in the 200 yard butterfly from 2003-2006. This was only the second time a swimmer had won four NCAA championships in the 200 yard Butterfly, previously accomplished by Mary T. Meagher. In 2005, the UGA Swimming & Diving Team won the NCAA title. That year, she participated on four of the five winning relays and won two of her individual events, the 100 and 200 yard Butterfly.Her records set at UGA still stand for the 100 and 200 yard Butterfly with the times of 51.56 and 1:53.51, respectively. [8
2004 U.S. Olympic swim trials.
During her collegiate swimming career, Mohler qualified for the 2004 U.S. Olympic Swim Trials. As the reigning NCAA four-time champion in the 200 meter Butterfly event, it was an upset that DeScenza didn't qualify under this event. She came in fourth, top two make the Olympic team, behind Dana Kirk, Kaitlin Sandeno, and Whitney Myers with the time of 2:10.89. DeScenza's younger sister failed to qualify in the 200 meter Butterfly as well.
Other events Mohler failed to qualify in were the 100 meter Freestyle nor the 100 meter Butterfly. 
Swimming career after college.
A year before graduating from the University of Georgia, Mohler signed with major swimsuit brand TYR Sports, Inc.. TYR will be her official swimwear until 2010. Mohler had a smooth transition from swimming as an amateur in college to a professional swimmer. Unlike amateur swimming, she now gets paid to swim, do photo shoots, and hold swim camps. Narrowly missing the 2004 Olympic Swim Team, DeScenza knew that she had to redeem herself. She felt that it was a "blessing in disguise" because she was able to focus more of her swimming and train harder by learning from her mistakes. Mohler continued training in 2007 for the 2008 U.S. Olympic Swim Trials by competing in the 2007-2008 USA Swimming Grand Prix Series. She came in second in the rankings, behind Michael Phelps by 76 points.
2008 U.S. Olympic swim trials.
The 2008 U.S. Olympic Swim Trials brought disappointment once again. Mohler was just short of a spot on the 2008 Olympic Swim Team. She just missed a spot on the team by coming in fourth place, top two make the team, in the 200 meter Butterfly. 
Mohler represented the Athens Bulldog Swim Club and came in with the time of 2:09.23. She was out touched by newcomers Elaine Breeden, Kathleen Hersey, and Kim Vandenberg. She has learned from this experience and has put it behind her. Mohler also failed to make it in the 100 meter Butterfly. She finished sixth, top two make the Olympic Team, with the time of 58.72.
2008 U.S. Open.
At the 2008 U.S. Open Swim meet, Mohler finished 10th in the 100m freestyle, 4th in the 100m backstroke, and 5th in the 200m backstroke. In the 200m Freestyle, she tied for 1st place with Kristen Heiss. In the 100m butterfly, Descenza won 1st place, and broke the U.S. Open meet record. She also won the 200m butterfly, and anchored the Athens Bulldogs' meet champion and meet record setting 4x200m freestyle relay.
Current: 2008-2009 USA Swimming Grand Prix Series.
Currently, she continues to swim for Athens Bulldog Swim Club and coached by Jack Bauerle. She trains by swimming at least 12,000 yards/meters for five hours, six days a week. Her swimming is improving due to putting less pressure on herself and more on enjoying swimming. As of March 5, 2009, Mohler stands firmly in first place on the USA Swimming Grand Prix Series with 104 points. She is 47 points ahead of Olympian Ryan Lochte. The Minnesota Grand Prix was held at the University of Minnesota swimming facility on November 14, 2008. The second meet of the series began on January 16, 2009. Mohler started the new year with six gold medals, one silver medal, and an American short course record for the 200 yard Butterfly 1:51.28. The Missouri Grand Prix was held at the University of Missouri swimming facility on February 13, 2009. The Austin Grand Prix was held at the University of Texas at Austin swimming facility on March 5, 2009. There are two remaining swim meets of the series. The Charlotte UltraSwim Grand Prix will be held at the Mecklenburg County Aquatics Center in Charlotte, North Carolina on May 14, 2009. The Santa Clara International Grand Prix Swim Meet will be the final swim meet of the USA Swimming Grand Prix Swim Meet Series. It will be held at the pool of the Santa Clara Swim Club in Santa Clara, California on June 11, 2009.
Awards and titles.
The following is a list of awards and titles Mohler has received according to TYR Sport Inc. Athlete Biography: Mary DeScenza and USA Swimming Biography: Mary DeScenza.
Personal best times.
Mohler has swum a multitude of events. A table of all of her best times can be found at the USA Swimming website. The most notable best times are for 200 m Butterfly and 100 m Butterfly.

</doc>
<doc id="18440823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440823" title="Fireman Jim Flynn">
Fireman Jim Flynn

Biography.
A native of Hoboken, New Jersey, Flynn's first recorded fight was in 1899, and in 1906 he was offered a title shot by heavyweight champion Tommy Burns. They met on 2 October 1906, with Burns stopping Flynn in the 15th round. Flynn fought the highly-rated Sam Langford in 1908 and twice more in 1910, losing twice and gaining a draw in the other.
On 4 July 1912, Flynn challenged for the world title a second time, this time against Jack Johnson. Despite being warned by the referee, Flynn continually attempted to headbutt Johnson, and the local sheriff eventually stepped in to stop the fight in Johnson's favour.
He continued to fight rated contenders such as Battling Levinsky, Billy Miske, Jack Dillon and Gunboat Smith, and scored a first round knock-out over future heavyweight champion Jack Dempsey in February 1917 (He was the only fighter to ever knock out Jack Dempsey), although boxing historian Monte Cox has questioned the legitimacy of the result. A year later Flynn met Dempsey again, and this time Flynn was knocked out in the first round.
Flynn continued to fight into his 40s. He fought three further bouts against Langford, losing all three, and beat Tiger Flowers, the future middleweight champion, in 1923. He finally retired in 1925 after a 26 year ring career, with a final record of 47-53-20, including 33 wins by knockout.

</doc>
<doc id="18440829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440829" title="Prince Christian Oscar of Hanover">
Prince Christian Oscar of Hanover

Prince Christian Oscar of Hanover (), Prince of Great Britain and Ireland, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (1 September 1919 in Gmunden, Upper Austria, Austria – 10 December 1981 in Lausanne, Switzerland) was the fourth child of Ernest Augustus, Duke of Brunswick and his wife Princess Victoria Louise of Prussia, the only daughter of Wilhelm II, German Emperor and Augusta Viktoria of Schleswig-Holstein.
Life.
During World War II, he served in the Luftwaffe.
In 1960, Christian Prinz von Hannover, as head of the Duke of Cumberland Foundation, became a consulting manager for Durisol, an Austrian manufacturer of cement-bonded wood fiber.
Marriage and issue.
Christian eloped with Mireille Dutry (born 10 January 1946), daughter of Armand Dutry and Tinou Soinne and childhood friend of Diane von Fürstenberg, on 23 November 1963 at Salzburg, Austria in a civil ceremony. They were remarried two days later in a religious ceremony in Brussels, Belgium. Christian and Mireille Dutry divorced in 1976. The couple had two daughters:
Ancestry.
Christian was a descendant of Victoria of the United Kingdom and Albert, Prince Consort through their eldest daughter Victoria, Princess Royal, the wife of Frederick III, German Emperor. His sister, Princess Frederika of Hanover married Paul I, King of the Hellenes.

</doc>
<doc id="18440841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440841" title="Avatar (Xbox Live)">
Avatar (Xbox Live)

Xbox Live Avatars are avatars and characters that represent users of the Xbox Live service on the Xbox 360 and Xbox One video game consoles. Avatars debuted on the Xbox 360 as part of the "New Xbox Experience" system update released on November 19, 2008.
Users are able to customize body shape, gender, facial features, hair style, and clothing. They can then display a 2D head shot of their avatar on their Gamercard (although they are still free to use their previous picture should they so choose).
Microsoft has indicated that earning Achievements in future Xbox 360 games can reward players with new clothing for their Avatar. An example of which is "Left 4 Dead 2", allowing people to earn T-shirts and a First Aid Kit trophy that is held by Avatar.
Xbox Live GM Ben Kilgore stated in 2008 that the avatars will only be available for games that have an E10+ rating or lower only (featuring content that is considered suitable for children under 10 years of age). This may change sometime in the future, though presumably in Microsoft's own games if it ever happens, to monitor their usage in mature games. It was announced at Game Developers Conference on March 24, 2009 that the XNA framework 3.1 would have API to support Avatars in Indie Games.
Users can edit their avatar online on Xbox.com with full control of the avatar. This allows Live users without access to the physical Xbox 360 console (i.e. Games for Windows – Live or Windows Phone 7 users) to edit their avatar. Users can edit every feature that they can from a real Xbox 360, and even equip awards that they have earned. The editor is Microsoft Silverlight based.
List of games using Avatars.
This is a list of games on the Xbox 360 video game console (both retail and Xbox Live Arcade games) that use Avatars. Some games (marked with an asterisk) get updated to support Avatars when the user updates to the New Xbox Experience dashboard. The player must be signed into Xbox Live to receive the game update for those games.
Avatar Marketplace.
The Avatar Marketplace was launched on August 11, 2009, allowing users to buy clothes via Microsoft Points. Users are able to buy branded clothing, such as Adidas, from said store for their avatar, as well as game-related clothing, such as costumes from Monkey Island, BioShock 2, Fable 2, Gears of War 2, Halo, Splinter Cell Conviction and Star Wars: The Clone Wars. A player can also update their avatar's wardrobe by achieving certain goals and unlocking different clothing. New clothes and items are added to the Avatar Marketplace every Thursday.
As of late June 2009, various themed clothing articles were spotted in use by various members of the Xbox 360 Community - namely those who work for Microsoft. These articles in question were based mainly around Halo, various T-Shirts, Shorts, Hats and even full body suit costumes were seen not only being worn by current avatars but also in Avatar Marketplace Demonstration pictures and videos. The people who had access to these also were spotted to have a mysterious achievement in their profile named 'Xbox 360 Beta' and was orange in color with a Beta symbol and the number 09 - it was concluded that they were actually beta testing the new Avatar Marketplace.
Aside from clothing, the Avatar Marketplace also has animated props available for purchase. Avatars can interact with these props, which include a remote control vibrating Warthogs from Halo, Lightsabers from Star Wars, Footballs, skateboards, pets, and even Pom Poms. According to Major Nelson (Director of Programming for the Microsoft gaming network Xbox Live), those who attended the Electronic Entertainment Expo in 2009 were eligible for a special E3 Trophy prop when the Avatar Marketplace actually hits - however to be in with a chance you had to have visited a special stand that was present at the conference.
Avatar Awards.
Some games allow players to unlock clothing for their avatars by meeting certain conditions such as unlocking the required achievement.
Games that currently award Avatar Awards are listed below.
† = The game has achievements which can be used in another game to unlock avatar awards from there (e.g. a number of the achievements in "Halo 3", "ODST" and "Reach" can be used in "Halo Waypoint" to unlock avatar awards)
⚥ = The game has avatar awards in a game which looks different depending on the avatar's gender. e.g. The Recon helmet avatar award from "Halo Waypoint" is in two different color schemes (Red for males and Dare's "Halo 3: ODST" white Recon Helmet for females.)
Technical details.
Avatars are a collection of data, less than 1 kB, describing character details such as clothing and facial features, propagated to Xbox.com. These avatars can be as personalized as the player wants them to be, detailing all the way down to the size. However, players can also create an avatar that does not represent them at all. Like a roaming user profile the Avatar will follow the player wherever he or she logs on. This makes the avatar the actual player in the virtual world.
The Xbox 360 System Software includes a renderer and animation system that creates Avatars as they are seen in Microsoft's own titles. It is also be possible for developers to use the data and process it with their own software, allowing Avatars to be easily integrated with a game's engine.
Developers are able to use the data to create random Avatars to populate their game, or to create specific Avatars for specific roles.
By pressing the RS button in the creation screen, your avatar will burp. Also by pressing RB button your avatar will smile, while pressing the LB button your avatar will show random emotions. If you are viewing clothing that has zoomed into the Avatar's head, you can simulate a "Gaben" by pushing up on RS and then pulling it down quickly.
Avatar bodies are animated using skeletal animation, whereas Avatar faces are animated by changing the eye and mouth textures.
Microsoft has posted a comprehensive look at the technical details behind the Xbox Live Avatar system on their engineering blog.
Avatar images are available for use on Internet forums, social network services, as an email signature, or on a blog. They can be accessed by using the following user-specific URLs (replacing "GAMERTAG" with the Xbox Live Gamertag):

</doc>
<doc id="18440859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440859" title="Relativity (Emarosa album)">
Relativity (Emarosa album)

Relativity is the debut album by American post-hardcore band Emarosa. It was released on July 8, 2008 through Rise Records. "Relativity" was produced by Kris Crummett, producer of other bands such as Drop Dead, Gorgeous and Fear Before.
This is the band's first recording with vocalist Jonny Craig during a period away from Dance Gavin Dance. The album peaked at 191 on the Billboard 200 as well as 33 on the Top Independent Albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18440860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440860" title="Steffen">
Steffen

Steffen is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18440873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440873" title="Dúnchad mac Fiachnai">
Dúnchad mac Fiachnai

Dúnchad mac Fiachnai (died circa 644) was King of Ulaid from the Dal Fiatach dynasty. He was the son of Fiachnae mac Demmáin (died 627), a previous king. He ruled from 637-circa 644.
The Dal Fiatach recovered the kingship of Ulaid after the Battle of Mag Roth in 637 and were to retain it until 674. Family strife was a common theme among the dynasty at this time. Dúnchad's mother was Cumne Dub ingen Furudráin of the Uí Tuirtri (a tribe of the Airgialla west of Lough Neagh in modern County Tyrone). She had previously been married to Dúnchad's great uncle Baetan mac Cairill (died 581) by whom she had children. These children were eliminated by Dúnchad's full brother Máel Dúin mac Fiachnai in 605. However, the ambitions of Máel Dúin were not to be fulfilled as he was murdered by Dúnchad at Óenach Deiscirt Maige, probably in southern Muirthemne in modern County Louth. 
His son Congal Cennfota mac Dúnchada (died 674) was also a King of Ulaid.

</doc>
<doc id="18440875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440875" title="Yongning Station">
Yongning Station

The Taipei Metro Yongning Station is the current terminal station of the Tucheng Line (Blue Line) located in Tucheng District, New Taipei City, Taiwan.
Station layout.
The station is a two-level, underground station with an island platform and four exits. It is located at the intersection of Zhongyang Rd. and Chengtian Rd.
Public Art.
Exhibits of artifacts from nearby Zhanlong Mountain and Tudigong Mountain, which were discovered close to Yongning Station, are on display. The theme for the artifacts is "Time & Debris". The two main pieces are called "The Splinter of Time" and "86400". Both pieces seek to express the sensation of time, with "86400" signifying the number of seconds in a day. It was completed in March 2006 and cost NT$4,000,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18440884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440884" title="Alexandre Parodi">
Alexandre Parodi

Alexandre Parodi (1901–1979) was a French diplomat and the first ambassador of France to the United Nations.
Career.
Beginning in 1926, Parodi was a member of the State Council. Before World War II, Parodi was the assistant secretary general of the National Economic Council (now the French Economic, Social and Environmental Council). During the war, he served as the general delegate for the French Committee of National Liberation. From 1944–1945, Parodi was the Minister of Work and Social Security. From 1945 to 1960, Parodi worked as a French diplomat.

</doc>
<doc id="18440905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440905" title="Sham Wan Towers">
Sham Wan Towers

The Sham Wan Towers () is a residential high-rise development located in the Ap Lei Chau district of Hong Kong. The complex consists of three towers, each of which rank among the tallest buildings in the city. The towers, numbered 1, 2, and 3, each rise , but differ in floor counts; Towers 1 and 2 contain 52 floors, while Tower 3 has 45. The entire complex was completed in 2003. The structures, designed by architectural firm AGC Design and developed in a collaboration between Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings and Sun Hung Kai Properties, are composed entirely of residential units.

</doc>
<doc id="18440919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440919" title="Society reporting">
Society reporting

In journalism, society reporting or society journalism is the reporting of society news in a newspaper or magazine. In the newsroom it is the province of the society desk.
History.
Beginnings.
The first true society page in the United States was the invention of newspaper owner James Gordon Bennett, Jr., who created it for the "New York Herald" in 1835. His reportage centred upon the lives and social gatherings of the rich and famous, with names partially out by dashes and reports mildly satirical. Mott et al. record that "Society was at first aghast, then amused, then complacent, and finally hungry for the penny-press stories of its own doings." Bennett had in fact been reporting such news since 1827, with articles in the "New York Enquirer". In the period after the United States Civil War, there were many newly rich people in the country, and reportage of their antics, sometimes tasteless and gauche, was of considerable entertainment value. By 1885, Ward McAllister had been recruited to report on society news for the "New York World" by Joseph Pulitzer, and it was around that time that society reporting, both on dedicated society pages and in the (then) new Sunday supplements, became very popular. 
Society pages and society reporting was prevalent in the New York daily newspapers from the winter of 1880 onwards. The previous year, Pearl Rivers had transplanted the notion to New Orleans, where she had begun the "Society Bee", a local society column, on 1879-03-16. Again, the initial reaction was shock. Rivers reported, in the "Society Bee" itself of course, the reaction of one woman who was "opposed to print on principle. Print applied to persons is her special horror and abomination … poison only fit for politics, Associated Press dispatches, and police reports. She thought me very wrong to mention any ladies' names in a newspaper. She said [that] it was 'shabby' and 'shoddy' and 'shameful'.". But Rivers persevered, and a decade later, on 1890-11-02, the column, now entitled simply "Society", was the largest part of the Sunday paper carrying it.
Society pages, and the so-called women's pages that they were either synonymous with or one part of, were part of an effort, by Pulitzer and others, to attract women readers from the 1880s onwards, as newspapers became more and more funded by advertising. Women's pages in general covered issues intended to attract the readership of the stereotypical American housewife of the time: society news, fashion, food, relationships, etiquette, health, homemaking, interior decorating, and family issues.
Across the ocean in Britain, society news was at the same time emerging in the British press as part of "women's journalism", again aimed at attracting a female readership. It was also, in both the U.S. and Britain, largely the province of women journalists, and considered subordinate. For example: Society news, in the late 19th century, was not sent to the newspapers by reporters via the telegraph, as other news was, because that was considered too expensive for mere society reporting. Society journalists instead sent their reports by ordinary mail. Dix Harwood, author of the 1927 journalism textbook "Getting and Writing News" stated that society reporting rarely enjoyed much dignity.
Despite the growth in popularity in the 1880s, many "serious" newspapers were initially cautious about society reporting. For examples: The "Ottawa Journal" didn't permit Florence Randal, its first society reporter, to do anything but recite simple chronicles of the dowagers and debutantes of the city. The staff at the "Globe", whose society column began in 1893, considered society news to be "horrid vulgar stuff", according to the "Globe"'s editor Melville Hammond, and its publication was not well received by its subjects "High Society matrons [who were] unused to the publicizing of private life". 
Mrs. Willoughby Cummings (Nee Emily Ann McCausland), worked as a press journalist, and a society editor of the Toronto Globe, under the pen name of "Sama." In 1900 she became editor of "Woman's Sphere," a department of the Canadian Magazine. She worked on behalf of the poor and afflicted and served as an official of various societies. In 1902, for example, she became the corresponding secretary for the National Council of Women of Canada. The "Toronto Globe, coverage, under the stewardship of its first society editor, Mrs Willoughby Cummings expanded from weekly notes to a daily column in three years.
Women's pages and women journalists.
In the 19th and early 20th centuries, society reporting was seen as largely the province of female journalists. The "women's pages" were written by women. Indeed, in the 19th century in many newspapers, particularly smaller ones, the only women on the paper's staff at all were those who covered society news. Dix Harwood claimed that the society desk, and the woman who ran it, was nonetheless important:
Typical topics were "Miss Emily Bissell as a Turkish Girl", "Chicago Tribune", Jan 1, 1900 or "Maryland Society Belle Was Fair Senorita at Ball," "Times-Picayune", Feb 7, 1916.
Male reporters were unwilling to cover such things. As Morton Sontheimer stated in 1941 "The women's department jobs almost invariably go to women, not because men can't do them but because they won't." ("Newspaperman", pp. 228). One such reporter who refused to do the job even though it had been handed to him was Gordon Sinclair, of the "Toronto Star".
Sinclair got the job of woman's page editor after Clifford Wallace, its previous editor, had begged to be relieved of the job. Wallace, the first male woman's page editor of the "Star" and nicknamed "Nellie" because of that, had been given the job as the result of the proprietor's wife, Mrs Atkinson, regarding the women who had previously run the women's desk as "a menace". In 1922, the managing editor reassigned the position from Wallace to Sinclair. Sinclair treated the position with utter contempt. He later wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="18440924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440924" title="2007–08 European Challenge Cup">
2007–08 European Challenge Cup

The 2007–08 European Challenge Cup was the 12th year of the European Challenge Cup, the second tier rugby union cup competition below the Heineken Cup. The tournament was held between November 2007 and May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18440930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440930" title="Taseko Mines">
Taseko Mines

Taseko Mines Limited is a mid-tier copper producer located in British Columbia, Canada. It operates Gibraltar Mine, the second largest open-pit mine in Canada, and is in the planning stages for several other mines. These include the Prosperity Mine, Harmony, and Aley. All production is sold at non-hedged market based prices. The market capitalization currently is roughly 740 million dollars.
Gibraltar mine.
Operations: Large open pit mine with production ranging from 80-110 million lb copper per year at a cost of 1.20$ per lb mined once phase II expansion has been completed.
Reserves: 2.4 billion pounds of copper and 69 million pounds of molybdenum
Timeline:
Prosperity Mine.
Property includes 85 square km in south central British Columbia. A large copper and gold mineralization has been defined on the property containing around 5.3 billion lb copper and 13.3 million oz of gold. The feasibility for the mine was completed on September 25, 2007 and the environmental review process began in July 2008.
Operations: Large open-pit copper and gold mine with projected production of 108 million lb per year and 247,000 oz of gold per year for 20 years.
Reserves.
Cost: ~800 million
Harmony Mine.
The Harmony property is located on Graham Island, within the Queen Charlotte Islands, off the coast of British Columbia. The property contains a low-grade gold mineralization that can only be mined profitably at historically high gold prices. Teseko has yet to explore this property and values the property at $1 on its balance sheet as of September 2004.
Status: Exploration asset
Reserves:
Cost: No projects pending
projects pending: N/A
Timeline
Location: Aley.
The Aley asset contains Niobium, a rare metal used in the production of special steel alloys that are corrosion resistant. Currently only 2 mines in the world produce the rare metal. The spot price of this metal has risen significantly in the last 5 years, from has low as $6.70 per lb in 2004 to ~$24.00 currently [http://www.metalprices.com/FreeSite/metals/cb/cb.asp]. The property is located near the shore of the lake, about 30 kilometers from the Camp. The price of
Status: Exploration asset
Reserves: A feasibility study has not been completed thus-far. The resource estimates are 330-500 million lb with recoveries of which 65% may be recovered
Cost: N/A feasibility study not completed
Timeline
Sources.
Prosperity Cost
100 million equipment purchase
Phase III expansion
2007 Annual Report detailing all properties owned
Market Capitalization
CFO resignation

</doc>
<doc id="18440940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440940" title="Nevis, Alberta">
Nevis, Alberta

Nevis is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada within the County of Stettler No. 6. It is located on Highway 12, approximately southeast Alix and west of Erskine. It has an elevation of .
The hamlet is located in census division No. 7 and in the federal riding of Crowfoot.
Demographics.
As a designated place in the 2011 Census, Nevis had a population of 25 living in 14 of its 16 total dwellings, a -28.6% change from its 2006 population of 35. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
As of 2006, Nevis had a total population of 35 living in 16 dwellings. With a land area of , it has a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="18440941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440941" title="Pass Me Not, O Gentle Saviour">
Pass Me Not, O Gentle Saviour

"Pass Me Not, O Gentle Savior" is a 19th-century American hymn written by Francis J. Crosby in 1868 (lyrics) and William H. Doane in 1870 (music). The hymn has been recorded by number of artists, including Reggie Houston, Cyrus Chestnut, Bill Gaither, and Lyle Lovett. Bob Dylan performed this song live to open five concerts in his 2002 American tour.
In 1991, hip hop artist MC Hammer released a version of the hymn entitled "Do Not Pass Me By" on his fourth album, "Too Legit to Quit". Gospel artist Tramaine Hawkins appeared on the song as a guest vocalist. A music video was produced for this single which charted as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18440960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440960" title="Scarab (comics)">
Scarab (comics)

Scarab, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18440989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440989" title="Dilofo, Kozani">
Dilofo, Kozani

Dilofo () is a small mountain village located in western Kozani regional unit, in West Macedonia, Greece. It is part of the municipal unit Pentalofos.

</doc>
<doc id="18440996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18440996" title="Red Willow, Alberta">
Red Willow, Alberta

Red Willow is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada within the County of Stettler No. 6. It is located on Highway 850, approximately northeast of Stettler and south of Donalda. It has an elevation of .
The hamlet is located in census division No. 7 and in the federal riding of Crowfoot.
Demographics.
As a designated place in the 2011 Census, Red Willow had a population of 40 living in 16 of its 20 total dwellings, a -11.1% change from its 2006 population of 45. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
As of 2006, Red Willow had a total population of 45 living in 19 dwellings. With a land area of , it has a population density of .

</doc>
<doc id="18441005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441005" title="Steinke">
Steinke

Steinke is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18441023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441023" title="Dragasia">
Dragasia

Dragasia is a small town located in the municipal unit of Tsotyli, western Kozani regional unit, itself in the Greek region of Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18441029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441029" title="Benjamín Durán">
Benjamín Durán

Benjamín Hernán Durán Figueroa (born July 17, 1988 in Chalchuapa, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran football forward who currently plays for Once Municipal in the Salvadoran Premier division.
Club career.
Durán started his professional career at FAS, whom he joined in 2008, then moved to then second division Once Municipal with whom he clinched promotion to the permier division. He returned to Once Municipal before the 2012 Clausura after a disappointing season with Luis Ángel Firpo.

</doc>
<doc id="18441050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441050" title="Peace Sign/Index Down">
Peace Sign/Index Down

"Peace Sign/Index Down" is the first official single from Gym Class Heroes's studio album, "The Quilt". 
The song features Busta Rhymes.
Music video.
The video premiered on MTV2 on July 19, 2008. It features cameos including Cool, Dre, Murs, and Tyga. It received 700,000 views a month after being uploaded onto YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="18441066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441066" title="Charles Shelton">
Charles Shelton

Charles E. Shelton (born April 29, 1932) was a United States Air Force officer who was shot down during the Vietnam War over Laos during a reconnaissance mission on April 29, 1965. His 33rd Birthday. His fate is unknown and he was classified as a prisoner of war until 1994, making him the last official U.S. prisoner of war from the Vietnam War. 
After his plane was shot down, Shelton sent a radio report that he had escaped by parachute. A helicopter was dispatched to retrieve him, but was unable to reach him due to poor visibility. Six days after his capture, his wife was informed that villagers said he had been captured by Laotian communist forces. He is believed to have been held as a prisoner of war and his family was told stories of his courage while imprisoned, but he was never released or accounted for. His wife, Marian Shelton, sought to find him and became an active participant in the POW-MIA movement. In October 1990 she committed suicide, apparently due to frustration and despair over her inability to find him. 
In September 1994, the Air Force reclassified him as killed in action upon the request of his children and after a search of the area where he was captured failed to yield evidence that he might still be alive.
At the time of his downing, Shelton held the rank of captain; between then and the time he was declared to be killed in action, he was promoted to the rank of colonel. Shelton was honored at a ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery attended by dignitaries including General Merrill McPeak, Chief of Staff of the Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="18441069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441069" title="Drosero, Kozani">
Drosero, Kozani

Drosero (, ) is a small town located in the Ptolemaida municipal unit, northern Kozani regional unit, itself in the Greek region of Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18441097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441097" title="Brewster Yale Beach">
Brewster Yale Beach

Brewster Yale Beach (February 10, 1925 – 2008) was an Episcopal priest and psychotherapist. He presented proof that the Associated Press originated two years earlier than the date previously accepted by historians. 
Biography.
He was born on February 10, 1925 in Brooklyn to Brewster Sperry Beach and Orlena Weede. He was a descendant of William Brewster, the Pilgrim elder, and Elihu Yale. He died on June 17, 2008 in Staatsburg, New York. 
It must also be noted that he was among the very few, that had a profound understanding of the latter works of the great Swiss psychologist and philosopher, Carl Jung. 
http://www.cgjungpage.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=602&Itemid=40

</doc>
<doc id="18441152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441152" title="Andrei Kalaychev">
Andrei Kalaychev

Andrei Sergeyevich Kalaychev () (born October 26, 1963 in Kaluga) is a retired Soviet and Russian football player.
International career.
Kalaychev played his only game for USSR on February 21, 1989 in a friendly against Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="18441164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441164" title="Prince Welf Ernst of Hanover">
Prince Welf Ernst of Hanover

Prince Welf Ernst of Hanover ("Welf Ernst August Andreas Philipp Georg Wilhelm Ludwig Berthold Prinz von Hannover"), Prince of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (born 25 January 1947 at Schloss Marienburg, Nordstemmen, Lower Saxony, Germany; died 10 January 1981 in Poona, Maharashtra, India) was the eldest son of Prince George William of Hanover and his wife Princess Sophie of Greece and Denmark, sister of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. Welf was a first cousin of Charles, Prince of Wales. The prince used the name Welf Prinz von Hannover.
Personal life.
Born in Lower Saxony at the Hanover family seat of Schloss Marienburg, Welf was raised in Munich. In 1969, the prince married Wibke van Gunsteren. Welf and his wife became followers of a syncretic movement led by Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh. In 1975, Welf and Wibke, along with their five-year-old daughter Tania Saskia, made a pilgrimage to Poona, India to live in an ashram with other followers of Bhagwan. Once there, Bhagwan gave Welf the name "Vimalkirti" ("Spotless splendour") and Wibke "Prem Turiya" ("Spiritual love").
Welf died at the age of 33 at a clinic in Poona from a cerebral haemorrhage after collapsing during a morning karate practice session and becoming paralyzed
Marriage and issue.
Welf married Wibke Christians (born 26 November 1948 at Lübbecke, Westphalia, Germany), daughter of Dr Hans Daniel Christians and Ursula Schmidt-Prange, on 23 May 1969 in a civil ceremony. They were married two days later in a religious ceremony at Essen-Bredeney in Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Although many genealogical sources record the opposite, Welf Ernst and Wibke were not divorced in 1979, but lived together (un-divorced) up to his death. They had one daughter:
Princess Saskia married her second husband, Edward Hooper, on 27 January 2001. They have one son:

</doc>
<doc id="18441196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441196" title="1976 Eastern Suburbs Roosters season">
1976 Eastern Suburbs Roosters season

The 1976 Eastern Suburbs season was the 69th in the club's history. They competed in the NSWRFL's 1976 Premiership, finishing the regular season 5th (out of 12) to reach the play-offs. They were then knocked out in their first finals match by Canterbury-Bnakstown. Easts also competed in the 1976 Amco Cup.
This season Eastern Suburbs became the first rugby league team, and one of the first in Australian sport, to sport a sponsor's name on their jersey. 
World Club Challenge.
Rugby leagues inaugural World Club Challenge was contested between Australia's, Eastern Suburbs Roosters and England's St Helens RLFC, it was played at the Sydney Cricket Ground on 29 June 1976.
Eastern Suburbs 25( Fairfax, Stevens, Ayliffe, Schubert, Townshend Tries; Brass 5 Goals) defeated St Helens RFC 2(G.Pimblett Goal) played at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
The lineups were: Eastern Suburbs
• Coach:Jack Gibson
• Russell Fairfax 
• Ian Schubert
• Mark Harris
• John Brass
• Bill Mullins 
• Trevor Barnes
• Kevin Stevens 
• Barry Reilly
• Arthur Beetson(c)
• Ian Mackay
• Royce Ayliffe
• Elwyn Walters
• Kel Jones :
• Robert Laurie
• John Mayes
• Grant Hedger
• G.Townsend.
St Helens FC • Geoff Pimblett • L.Jones • E.Cunningham • D.Noonan • R.Mathias • W.Benyon • K. Gwilliam • D.Hull • George Nicholls • E. Chisnall • K.Coslett(c) • A.Karalius • J.Mantle:• P.Glynn, F.Wilson • J. Heaton • M. James.

</doc>
<doc id="18441203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441203" title="Vicente Melgar">
Vicente Melgar

Vicente Januario Melgar Corpeño (born September 6, 1982 in El Salvador) is a Salvadoran football player, who currently plays for Once Lobos in the Salvadoran second division.
Club career.
Melgar has played for several top level sides in El Salvador, most notably for FAS in 2008/2009.
In December 2010, he was linked with a return to FAS but it didn't materialise.
International career.
Melgar made his debut for El Salvador in a March 2007 friendly match against Honduras and was selected for the El Salvador national team squad for the 2007 CONCACAF Gold Cup finals, but he did not play and has not earned any more caps.

</doc>
<doc id="18441205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441205" title="Hourless">
Hourless

Hourless (1914–1935) was a British-born Thoroughbred racehorse who raced in the United States where he won the 1917 Belmont Stakes.
Background.
Bred at August Belmont, Jr.'s Haras de Villers in Foucarmont in Upper Normandy, France, he was foaled in England. He was sired by the French-bred Negofol; Negofol would later be imported to stand at Xalapa Farm in Kentucky, where he would sire the Preakness Stakes winner Coventry. His dam was Hour Glass, bred in France but then sent to England. Hourless was foaled at Southcourt Stud in Southcote, Bedfordshire, which was owned by Leopold de Rothschild. With World War I raging in Europe, in 1915 both Hour Glass and Hourless were exported to the United States.
Racing career.
Raced by August Belmont, Jr., Hourless was trained by future U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Sam Hildreth. In 1916 he was one of the top two-year-olds in the United States and won a number of important races, including the Grand Union Hotel Stakes at Saratoga Race Course. For the year, he was ranked second only to Campfire.
In his three-year-old season no U.S. Triple Crown series had yet been formalized and Hourless did not run in the Kentucky Derby or the Preakness Stakes, which were held on the same day. Ridden in 1917 by another future Hall of Fame inductee, Jimmy Butwell, Hourless won the one–mile Withers Stakes and set a new record in winning the (then) 1 3/8–mile Belmont Stakes. After the other entrants were scratched, the October 18, 1917 John R. McLean Memorial Championship at Laurel Park Racecourse in Maryland turned into a match race between Hourless and Wilfrid Viau's Kentucky Derby winner, Omar Khayyam. Earlier that year, Omar Khayyam had beaten Hourless in the Lawrence Realization Stakes and in the Brooklyn Derby. This time, however, Hourless won by a length He retrospectively named 1917 American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse, jointy with Omar Khayyam.
Stud career.
Retired to stud, Hourless sired Mike Hall, 1928 American Champion Older Male Horse and Charley O., winner of the 1930 Florida Derby. One of his best sons was Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee and 1934 King's Plate winner, Horometer. Among Hourless' daughters was Late Date, 1935 American Champion Older Female Horse.

</doc>
<doc id="18441210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441210" title="Bronson Pelletier">
Bronson Pelletier

Bronson Pelletier (born December 31, 1986) is a Canadian film and television actor, known for his role as Jack Sinclair in "renegadepress.com" (2007), and for his role in "The Twilight Saga".
Pelletier played Jared, a Quileute shape-shifter, in "New Moon", the sequel to "Twilight", and reprised his role in "", the third film in the series. Both "New Moon" and "Eclipse" were filmed in Vancouver, Canada. He also had roles in "Art Zone" and "Dinosapien".
Pelletier is of Plains Cree descent. He has four brothers. He travelled to New Zealand and Denmark to promote "New Moon" where he took part in interviews and attended the Armageddon Expo in Auckland and the Collectormania in Copenhagen. While in Copenhagen, Denmark, he met his wife Sabine Bezzelt Moestrup Pelletier attending the same party.
In December 2012, Pelletier was arrested for public intoxication after urinating in the centre of a terminal at LAX. A video of him urinating and crying in the terminal was released in January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18441213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441213" title="Eratyra">
Eratyra

Eratyra () is a village and a community of the Voio municipality. Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Askio, of which it was a municipal district. The 2011 census recorded 1,097 inhabitants in the village. The community of Eratyra covers an area of 56.381 km2. 

</doc>
<doc id="18441217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441217" title="The Merton">
The Merton

The Merton () is a high-rise development located in Kennedy Town, Hong Kong. The complex consists of three towers. The Merton 1 rises 59 floors and , and stands as the 60th-tallest building in city. The Merton 2 and The Merton 3 rise 51 floors and , and stand as the 100th-tallest buildings in the city; the two structures are tied in rank with the Sham Wan Towers and Liberté 5 and 6. The entire complex, composed almost entirely of residential units, was designed by architectural firm Ronald Lu & Partners and developed by New World Development. It began construction in 1998, and was completed in 2005. This is ranked as one of best residential building in Hong Kong Island. Underground transit railway (MTR) is being constructed and expected to line through there in 2013.
There are a few bars in front of the Merton, and many people come to the bar to enjoy happy hour.

</doc>
<doc id="18441230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441230" title="Ermakia">
Ermakia

Ermakia (, & ) is a small town located in the Agia Paraskevi municipal unit, northern Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18441240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441240" title="Viktor Kaplun">
Viktor Kaplun

Viktor Hryhorovych Kaplun (, ; born May 5, 1958 in Zaporizhia) is a retired Ukrainian and Soviet football player of Jewish ethnicity.
International career.
Kaplun played his only game for USSR on December 4, 1980 in a friendly against Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18441243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441243" title="Steamboats of the Peace River">
Steamboats of the Peace River

The Peace River, which flows from the Rocky Mountain in British Columbia to the Peace–Athabasca Delta and Lake Athabasca in Alberta, was navigable by late nineteenth and early twentieth century steamboats from the Rocky Mountain Falls at Hudson's Hope to Fort Vermilion, where there was another set of rapids, then via the lower Peace from Vermilion to Lake Athabasca. The Peace is part of the Mackenzie Basin, a larger river complex which includes the of the Athabasca, Slave, and Mackenzie Rivers.
The Athabasca had large rapids too at Grande Rapids and Fort Smith; in this way the rivers were sectional as various boats worked upper and lower sections. The Peace River system was the western arm of the complex. Travellers to the Peace would pack or Red River Cart from Fort Edmonton eighty miles north to Athabaska Landing. Boats bound for the Peace Block would travel all the way north on the Athabasca River to Lake Athabasca, to get to the mouth of the Peace and then turn around southwest again. Traditionally, canoes provided transport in the area.
The first motorized vessel on the Peace system was the , built by the Hudson's Bay Company in Fort Chipewyan in the winter of 1882-83.
She carried freight up the Peace to Vermilion Chutes, where the company’s goods were portaged around the rapids and reloaded into a flotilla of scows and canoes for the journey onward."
The steamboats in the early days of the province provided transport to move food and supplies in and wheat and livestock out the five hundred miles of the Peace and of the Athabasca. Rolla, Taylor, Dunvegan, Peace River Landing and Fort Vermilion were put-in points.
Sternwheelers.
The Catholic mission at Dunvegan ran the first sternwheeler, the "St. Charles", in 1902. Built for Bishop Émile Grouard, her primary purpose was to aid him in his missionary work. She also carried goods for the North-West Mounted Police and the HBC. In 1905, the HBC launched a sternwheeler of their own, the "Peace River". Built at Fort Vermilion, this long vessel could carry forty tons of freight and worked on the Peace River for ten years., until she was taken through the rapids below Fort Vermilion.
Steamboats had a limited season, often making only making 3 or 4 trips a year. These trips up and down the river would take several weeks, depending on conditions and sand bars. Boats did not travel at night due to limited visibility.
Wood was the traditional fuel, and these sternwheelers could burn as much as three or four cords of wood per hour. Paying passengers had no guarantee of a leisurely trip; although contractors were hired to cut and stack cordwood along the river, the sternwheelers often burned wood in such enormous quantities that the passengers would be called into service and set ashore with crosscuts and axes to replenish the wood supply. The season was short due to winter and ice up, and the boats had to be pulled from the water in winter to avoid destruction by the ice.
As development came late, with the Peace River Block being opened up only about 1910, so followed the steamboats. The "Grenfell" was built in 1912 at Peace River, but sadly sunk two years later. The "Northland Call" was also made in Peace River and ran for half a dozen years in the teens. The "D.A Thomas" was built in 1915 by Baron Rhondda of Wales, the British Peerage name for same D.A. Thomas, who was a coal baron in the British Isles. He wanted to exploit the coal and oil deposits of Chetwynd, and so built the huge leviathan. She was quite unsuccessful owing to the First World War, although she ran until 1929. The "D.A. Thomas" steamed up and down the Peace until the late 1920s, but the expansion of rail into the area finally made her uneconomic and obsolete. In June 1930 she took the drop over the Vermilion Chutes, suffering some damage on the rocks, and then limped on to Fort Fitzgerald. There, she was dismantled and scrapped with parts being used for other purposes including storing grain. Other sternwheelers of that era included the "Pine Pass", the "Northland Echo" and the "Lady Mackworth", sister ship to the "D.A. Thomas".
End of an era.
For the years from 1915 to 1925 the Peace River artery became the easier route to the north and Peace River town became the shipping-off point. The boats were transferred to the upper and lower Peace, and the Slave River. At this time the HBC ran all their boats down the Peace system to the Mackenzie River chain, boats like the "Prospector" and "Distributor", which were useful in the war for the Norman Wells Canol project. The Hudson's Bay Company boats steamed until 1948.
The arrival of the Model T Ford, and bulldozer, and gravelled roads finished the river steamers in the Peace River Block. Also, the Edmonton, Dunvegan and British Columbia Railway worked its way to BC and arrived in Dawson Creek in 1930, completely doing in the steamboat era. Farther east the Alberta and Great Waterways Railway bypassed the worst rapids on the Upper Athabasca River by rail and thus made Waterways, or modern Fort McMurray, the transport head for the Peace and Athabasca Rivers. Other Railways—the Central Canada and Pembina Valley—tried to alleviate transport woes but became weakened by the Depression and were not completed.
Smaller boats of various kinds continued to work on the Peace for another 20 years, but the age of steamboats was gone. The final commercial freight run up the Peace River was made by the "Watson Lake", a steel-hulled vessel, in September 1952. Her last trip completed, she was hauled out of the water and loaded on a flatcar and shipped by rail to Waterways to continue work up north.
The US Army built a diesel paddler for tug service on the Peace River in 1942. It worked on the raising of the Peace River Bridge (part of the Alaska Highway), the re-located and exiled bad boy bridge of Tacoma Narrows Bridge. It promptly collapsed again in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="18441266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441266" title="Prime Cuts (Shadow Gallery album)">
Prime Cuts (Shadow Gallery album)

Prime Cuts is a compilation album by progressive metal band Shadow Gallery. This was the final release from the band on Magna Carta Records. The band compiled the track listing which consisted of 9 original studio cuts, 2 edits and an original unreleased demo from the Carved In Stone sessions. This album contains no songs from the Room V album as that was released on Inside Out Records. The album was pressed with an error, the track listing says track 1 is "Mystery" from the Tyranny album. But in fact, it is "Out Of Nowhere" also from the Tyranny album, which is heard.

</doc>
<doc id="18441298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441298" title="Omar Khayyam (horse)">
Omar Khayyam (horse)

Omar Khayyam (1914-1938) was a British-born Thoroughbred racehorse who was sold as a yearling to an American racing partnership and who became the first foreign-bred horse to win the Kentucky Derby. He was named for the famous Persian mathematician, Omar Khayyam.
Bloodlines.
Omar Khayyam was out of the mare Lisma, daughter of the champion sire Persimmon; his success on the track included wins in the Epsom Derby, St. Leger Stakes and Ascot Gold Cup. He was sired by Marco, a leading three-year-old in England in 1895 and great-grandson of the first English Triple Crown Champion, West Australian.
Racing career.
Trained by Charles Patterson, Omar Khayyam was sent to the track in 1916 as a two-year-old. His most important result that year was a second to Campfire in the Hopeful Stakes. In his three-year-old season, no U.S. Triple Crown series had yet been formalized; the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes were held on the same day. Choosing to run in the Derby, Omar Khayyam was fourth in a mile and an eighth prep race at Lexington to Ticket. As a result, he was sent off at 13–1 odds in the Kentucky Derby. Ridden by jockey Charles Borel, Omar Khayyam unleashed a powerful stretch run to come from tenth place to win over the favorite Ticket.
Three weeks after his Derby win, Omar Khayyam was sold as part of his owner's multi-horse dispersal auction held on the grounds of New York's Belmont Park. He was purchased by Canadian biscuit manufacturer Wilfrid Viau. For his new owner, the colt went on to win the Prospect Handicap at Jamaica Racetrack; the Brooklyn Derby at the old Aqueduct Racetrack; and (at the Saratoga Race Course) the Kenner Stakes, the Saratoga Cup and the Travers Stakes. In Maryland Omar Khayyam won the Havre de Grace Handicap and – despite a 30-pound handicap – set a new Pimlico Race Course track record in winning the Pimlico Autumn Handicap.
After the other entrants were scratched, the October 18, 1917 John R. McLean Memorial Championship at Laurel Park Racecourse turned into a match race between Omar Khayyam and August Belmont, Jr.'s Belmont Stakes winner, Hourless. Earlier that year, Omar Khayyam had beaten Hourless in the 1½ mile Lawrence Realization Stakes and in the Brooklyn Derby. This time, however, Hourless won by a length. Despite Omar Khayyam's earlier wins over Hourless and the fact that he had earned $20,000 more than Hourless in purses that year (in more starts with greater consistency), Omar Khayyam shared American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse honors with Hourless.
As a four-year-old in 1918, Omar Khayyam's chances of winning were limited due to his high weight assignments; however, he won the Marines' Liberty Bond Handicap. The following year, at five, he won the Rennert Handicap at Pimlico under Clarence Kummer before being retired to stand at Claiborne Farm in Paris, Kentucky for the 1920 season.
Progeny.
In 1929 Omar Khayyam was moved to the J. P. Jones stud in Charlottesville, Virginia, where he remained until his death in 1938. Among his offspring was Malicious, an iron horse who won 32 races out of 185 career starts. Another son, Mr. Khayyam, won the 1933 Wood Memorial Stakes and the 1934 Metropolitan Handicap. Yet another, Balko, won the 1930 Toboggan and Baltimore Handicaps.

</doc>
<doc id="18441321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441321" title="That Is Where I'll Go">
That Is Where I'll Go

"That Is Where I'll Go" is the debut single from singer Sibel. The song, written by Christian Antblad with strings from the Scandinavian Strings Orchestra, was Sibel's entry in Melodifestivalen 2008, the Swedish national contest which decides their Eurovision entry. The song did not win but did advance to the grand final. On April 27, 2008, the song was tested for Svensktoppen, but failed to enter.
Chart performance.
"That Is Where I'll Go" stayed on the official Swedish charts for a total of nine weeks, from March 13 to May 8, 2008, peaking at number six on April 3.

</doc>
<doc id="18441357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441357" title="Jerry Pilato">
Jerry Pilato

Jerry Pilato Has directed plays such as "The Foreigner", "Four Dogs and a Bone", "The Reindeer Monologues", "Chicago (play)", "Plaza Suite", "When Pigs Fly", "I Hate Hamlet", "First Night", "American Buffalo", "If We are Women", and "Taking Sides".
Pilato attended the San Antonio College and the University of the Incarnate Word. He also attended the Toul American High School in France. He currently resides in San Diego, California.
Awards and nominations.
Daytime Emmy awards:
Conal O'Brien (director)
Michael V. Pomarico (director)
Angela Tessinari (director)
Steven Williford (director)
Anthony Pascarelli (associate director)
Barbara M. Simmons (associate director)
Shirley Simmons (associate director)
Terry Walker (associate director)
Penny Bergman (stage manager)
Fritz Brekeller (stage manager)
Rusty Swope (stage manager)
Marika Brancato
Jennifer Minda
Alamo Theatre Arts Council awards: He has received Best Director awards for "Chicago", "When Pigs Fly", "I Hate Hamlet", "First Night", "American Buffalo, If We are Women, and "Taking Sides".

</doc>
<doc id="18441362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441362" title="Gela Ketashvili">
Gela Ketashvili

Gela Georgiyevich Ketashvili (, ) (born 27 September 1965 in Tbilisi) is a retired Soviet and Georgian football player.
He is the father of Giorgi Ketashvili.
International career.
Ketashvili made his debut for USSR on 10 May 1989 in a 1990 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Turkey. He was not selected for the World Cup squad. He also played for Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18441369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441369" title="Kafr Zibad">
Kafr Zibad

Kafr Zibad () is a Palestinian village in the Tulkarm Governorate in the eastern West Bank, located 17 kilometers South of Tulkarm.The name of Kafr Zibad as thought originally from Zabad, it's Semite name which means generosity, Kafr Zibad had a population of approximately 1,306 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. 19% of the population of Kafr Zibad were refugees in 1991. The healthcare and education facilities for the surrounding villages are based in Kafr Zibad, Kafr Zibad secondary school one of the best school in the region. There is historical mosque from Khalifa Omar Ibn Alkhattab period, further more there are police center and Sport club. The facilities are designated as MOH level 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18441411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441411" title="Horometer">
Horometer

Horometer (1931–1935) was a Canadian Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred and raced by Col. Sam McLaughlin's Parkwood Stable, he was brood of the mare Star Pal and sired by Hourless, the 1917 American Co-Champion 3-Yr-Old Male Horse and winner of the Belmont Stakes.
Trained by Canadian Hall of Fame trainer, Harry Giddings, Jr., Horometer was ridden by future Canadian Hall of Fame jockey Frankie Mann throughout his career. Racing at age two, Horometer won all five starts and at age three broke the King's Plate race record by a full second in winning Canada's most prestigious race. In an era when horses often raced once a week or even more often, just four days after Horometer won the King's Plate he claimed victory in the Breeders' Stakes. Three days after that he was sent to the track again and suffered the only loss of his career when he finished second by a nose in the William Hendrie Memorial Handicap. In his final race in June 1934, Horometer won the Canadian Breeders' Handicap at the now defunct Long Branch Racetrack in Toronto but came out of the race with an injury and after apparently recovering, went lame following a training workout.
According to the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame, in 1935 jockey Frankie Mann said "In those days they weren't able to repair a horse's foot like they can today, so he'd had it. He was a gelding and had no stud value, so they put him down."
On its formation in 1976, Horometer was part of the inaugural class inducted in the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18441431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441431" title="Burn Your Playhouse Down – The Unreleased Duets">
Burn Your Playhouse Down – The Unreleased Duets

Burn Your Playhouse Down – The Unreleased Duets is the 60th and final studio album by American country music artist George Jones. This album features duets never before released, including some that were cut from his 1994 duets album "The Bradley Barn Sessions". This album was released on August 19, 2008 on the Bandit Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="18441442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441442" title="Polygonum ramosissimum">
Polygonum ramosissimum

Polygonum ramosissimum is a herbaceous annual plant species native from most of North America, were it is commonly called Bushy knotweed.
Description.
Plants have erect stems growing 30 to 100 cm (sometimes to 200 cm) tall, with yellowish-green to blue-green colored foliage. The stems are freely branched with closed flowers produced in groups of (1) 2 to 3(5) flowers in the upper ocreae of racemes that are up to 15 cm long, the inflorescences are spike like. The greenish-yellow, rarely pink or white marked flowers, are on pedicels that are longer than the calyx. The calyx is around 3 mm long and 5-parted with the outer three sepals longer than the inner sepals. The seeds are produced in fruits called achenes, which are ovoid in shape, dark brown in color and around 3 mm long. The achenes also have a smooth shiny surface. The late season achenes are larger, from 4 to 15mm long.
There are a number of forms and two subspecies, that vary in flower and foliage coloration. "Polygonum ramosissimum" has great morphological variability, which is notable on the same plant, between flowers and fruits produced early in the blooming season verses those produced late in the season, plants also show great variation over geographical areas.
In Maryland it is listed as endangered or extirpated from the state, in Pennsylvania it has been exterminated from the state, and New Hampshire lists it as threatened.

</doc>
<doc id="18441448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441448" title="Vinoba Bhave University">
Vinoba Bhave University

The Vinoba Bhave University is located at Hazaribagh, India and is funded by Government of India. The university came into existence on 17 September 1992 after the bifurcation of Ranchi University as a teaching-cum-affiliating university. Being among one of the premier universities of Jharkhand, it offers high standards of teaching and research. The university offers courses at the undergraduate and post-graduate levels.
The Governor of Jharkhand is the chancellor of Vinoba Bhave University. The university has a distinguished alumni body and faculty. This university is also a member of Association of Commonwealth Universities, London. The UGC, New Delhi recognized the university and registered it under section 12B of the UGC Act 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="18441463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441463" title="1983 (album)">
1983 (album)

1983 is an LP released by Flying Lotus on October 3, 2006, on Plug Research. The album title "1983" refers to Flying Lotus's year of birth.

</doc>
<doc id="18441487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441487" title="My Drive Thru">
My Drive Thru

"My Drive Thru" is a collaborative single by The Strokes lead vocalist Julian Casablancas, American singer-songwriter Santigold, and The Neptunes producer and N.E.R.D member Pharrell Williams. The song was created for Converse's centennial and was released in June 2008.
Background.
Various media outlets reported in May 2008 that Casablancas, Santigold (Santi White) and Williams had teamed up to create the song for Converse's centennial "Three Artists, One Song" campaign. Cornerstone, a media and marketing agency, put Santigold, Casablancas and Williams together on the track for Converse. White told Gigwise.com that Casablancas and White recorded "My Drive Thru" separately, "so it ends up being just this weird long song with sort of everybody with lots of their own personalities separate." Williams worked with Casablancas and White individually in Miami, New York City and Los Angeles. Santogold described the song as "such a Pharrell track." White continued that she wasn't worried about the song being for a brand. "It's like one of the main ways to get our music heard now, and so it's stupid for artists to shy away from that."
Williams, who appears on and produced the song, spoke of the collaboration: 
Release and reception.
"My Drive Thru" was made available as a free music download from the Converse website. The track received thousands of daily downloads, according to Converse.
"The Times" made "My Drive Thru" their track of the day, calling it "a three-headed Frankenstein monster of coolness" that was "a lovely attempt to allow guitar music, beats and R'n'B to come together in one happy bundle." "Paste" referred to the song as "a pulsating, guitar-driven grab bag of a dance track." Stereogum said the song was "a single-riffed blend that laces up elements of Pharrell, Santi & Julian's day jobs into a perfectly produced summertime pop cocktail." Gigwise.com was less positive, saying "the beat is repetitive, even a bit boring at times, but what saves it is the interaction of Santi White and Casablancas." Pitchfork Media felt that "the beat should get your shoes tapping, but it doesn't sound like an example of artists taking the corporate dollar to make something they couldn't profitably do on their own."
Music video.
A music video was created for a two-and-a-half minute version of "My Drive Thru", directed by Psyop's Marie Hyon and Marco Spier. It builds on the campaign's paper doll chain theme, where people are connected by their Converse shoes. "The artists were filmed on a soundstage using three HD cameras and then animated using CGI. The production took about four months to complete as well as the use of nearly 10,000 paper cutouts of the artists." The video uses stop motion, and creates the illusion that Casablancas, White and Williams are all "unfolding" like paper dolls. The video clip debuted on MySpace and MTV on July 9, 2008. According to reports, it was one of the top ten shared videos in its first day of release, with over 750,000 streams. The music video was shortened into 30-second and 60-second cinema and television advertisements which debuted on July 14, 2008.
Trivia.
The Converse '3 Artist 1 Song' initiative has led to a series of other collaborations. In 2010, All Summer was released, written and produced by Vampire Weekend multi-instrumentalist Rostam Batmanglij, featuring Kid Cudi and Bethany Consentino of Best Coast. In 2012, DoYaThing was released, featuring Gorillaz, James Murphy of LCD Soundsystem and Andre 3000 of Outkast.

</doc>
<doc id="18441492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441492" title="Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women">
Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women

The Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (OP-CEDAW) is an international treaty which establishes complaint and inquiry mechanisms for the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW). Parties to the Protocol allow the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women to hear complaints from individuals or inquire into "grave or systematic violations" of the Convention. The Protocol has led to a number of decisions against member states on issues such as domestic violence, parental leave and forced sterilization, as well as an investigation into the systematic killing of women in the Mexican city of Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua.
The Protocol was adopted by the United Nations General Assembly on 6 October 1999, and in force from 22 December 2000.
As of 2013, the Protocol has 80 signatories and 104 parties.
Genesis.
In 1979 the United Nations General Assembly adopted the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW). The Convention outlawed discrimination against women, but did not include any mechanism by which this prohibition could be legally enforced. 
An individual complaints mechanism was suggested during the original drafting of CEDAW, but was rejected at the time. Fifteen years later, the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action of the 1993 World Conference on Human Rights suggested that new procedures were needed to implement the Convention, and suggested a "right of petition". An independent expert group produced a draft in 1994, containing a complaint procedure and an inquiry procedure, and this was adopted for further study by the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women in early 1995. The idea of an Optional Protocol was further endorsed by the Fourth World Conference on Women in 1995, which called for "the elaboration (of) a draft optional protocol to the Women's Convention that could enter into force as soon as possible."
In March 1996 the Commission on the Status of Women established an open-ended working group to produce a formal draft. This reported back after three years of deliberation in early 1999. The Optional Protocol was finally adopted by the UN General Assembly on 6 October 1999.
Summary.
The Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women outlaws discrimination on the basis of gender, and obliges its parties to repeal discriminatory laws and guarantee equality in the fields of health, employment, and education. The Optional Protocol is a subsidiary agreement to the Convention. It does not establish any new rights, but rather allows the rights guaranteed in the Convention to be enforced.
Articles 1 – 7 create an individual complaints mechanism similar to those of the First Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and Article 14 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination. Parties agree to recognise the competence of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women to consider complaints "by or on behalf of" individuals or groups who claim their rights under the Convention have been violated. If a complaint is submitted on behalf of a victim, then this requires their consent, unless the submitter can justify acting without it. What constitutes "justification" in such a case is up to the Committee. The ability for complaints to be submitted on behalf of victims is seen as vital in allowing NGOs such as women's organizations and human rights groups to use the Protocol to enforce the Convention.
Complainants must have exhausted all domestic remedies, and anonymous complaints and complaints referring to events which occurred before the country concerned joined the Optional Protocol are not permitted. The Committee can request information from and make recommendations to a party, though these are not binding.
Articles 8 – 10 create an inquiry mechanism. Parties may permit the Committee to investigate, report on and make recommendations on "grave or systematic violations" of the Convention. The Committee may invite the relevant party to respond and inform it of any measures taken as a result of such an inquiry, either directly or through the normal reporting process under the Convention. Parties may opt out of this obligation on signature or ratification, but only Bangladesh, Belize and Colombia have done so.
Article 11 requires parties to ensure that those complaining under the Optional Protocol are not subjected to ill-treatment or intimidation.
Article 13 requires parties to inform their citizens about the Convention, the Optional Protocol, and the rulings of the Committee, so as to facilitate complaints.
Articles 12 and 14 govern the procedure and reporting of the Committee in handling complaints.
Articles 15 – 21 govern ratification, entry into force, and amendment of the Optional Protocol.
Reservations and membership.
A number of parties have made reservations and interpretative declarations to their application of the Protocol. Bangladesh, Belize and Colombia have exercised their right under Article 10 of the Protocol not to recognise the jurisdiction of the Committee to investigate "grave or systematic violations" of the Convention. Colombia declares that neither the Protocol nor the Committee can require it to decriminalise "offences against life or personal integrity".
Not every state which is a party to CEDAW is a party to the Protocol, and several major states still remain outside the Protocol. The United States of America has not became a signatory because it has not yet ratified CEDAW. Japan does not participate in any of the individual communications mechanisms for human rights treaties, but is currently considering joining while observing how these procedures are functioning. The People's Republic of China is currently "studying the problem of accession to
the Optional Protocol".
Individual Complaints.
The Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women has considered eleven complaints against seven countries since the Optional Protocol came into force, on subjects such as domestic violence, division of property, forced sterilization and parental leave. Six complaints were rejected for lack of jurisdiction or because the complainants had not exhausted all domestic remedies. The other five decisions are summarised below:
In 2005, in the case of "A.T. v. Hungary", the Committee ruled that Hungary had violated numerous articles of the Convention by failing to adequately protect women against domestic violence. It recommended that the complainant be immediately protected from her abusive former partner, and that Hungary improve its handling of domestic violence cases and immediately adopt the Committee's previous recommendation for a law allowing protection and exclusion orders. The recommendations were implemented by the time of Hungary's sixth periodic report to the Committee in 2006.
In 2006, in the case of "Dung Thi Thuy Nguyen v. The Netherlands", the Committee expressed concerns about aspects of parental leave provisions in The Netherlands. It recommended the Dutch government collect further information on the number of women combining part-time salaried employment with self-employment, and review the law if this revealed that a significant number of women were disadvantaged.
In 2006, in the case of "A.S. vs Hungary", the Committee ruled that the forced sterilization of a Romani woman in Hungary violated the Convention. It recommended compensating the complainant for the breach of her rights, a full review of legislation surrounding informed consent in cases of sterilisation to ensure it complied with international human rights standards, and ongoing monitoring of Hungarian medical facilities to ensure that any changes were put into practice.
In 2007, in the cases of "Şahide Goekce (deceased) v. Austria" and "Fatma Yildirim (deceased) v. Austria", the Committee ruled that the Austrian government was failing to protect women from domestic violence. It recommended strengthening the implementation and monitoring of existing domestic violence laws and greater training for police.
Inquiries.
The Committee has also conducted one inquiry into "grave or systematic violations" under Article 8, in relation to the systematic killing of women in the Mexican city of Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua. This found "serious lapses in compliance" by the Mexican government and tolerance of severe and systematic abuses of women's rights. The Committee recommended the involvement of federal as well as state authorities in the investigation of the murders, the punishment of negligent or complicit officials and those involved in the persecution of victims' relatives, and increased violence prevention plans.
Impact and criticism.
The impact of an international treaty can be measured in two ways: by its acceptance, and by its implementation. On the first measure, the Optional Protocol has gained widespread international acceptance. Most major states are parties, and the Protocol is the second most-accepted enforcement mechanism after the First Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
On the second measure, the number of complaints dealt with by the Committee has been limited. A 2008 assessment for the UK government found that the Protocol had hardly been used by NGOs as originally expected, that the reasoning of the Committee was unpredictable, and that it had not had an impact on policy-making. It found that there had been some limited success in highlighting the importance of effective policies to protect women from domestic violence and forced sterilization, but that outside these areas, the Protocol "has not led to a breakthrough in advancing women's rights." It concludes that unless greater efforts are made to highlight awareness of the Optional Protocol and build trust in the rulings of the Committee, the complaints mechanism will remain under-utilized.
The Protocol has been criticised by legal academics such as Bal Sokhi-Bulley and feminists such as Catharine MacKinnon who view the complaints mechanism as difficult, lengthy, and lacking transparency. The voluntary nature of the Protocol and the non-binding nature of its "recommendations" are seen as key limits on its effectiveness. Despite this, these critics tend to view the Protocol as a valuable, if flawed, instrument for realizing women's rights.

</doc>
<doc id="18441501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441501" title="National Center for Earth-surface Dynamics">
National Center for Earth-surface Dynamics

The National Center for Earth-surface Dynamics, or NCED, is an NSF Science and Technology Center- a collaborative
partnership among educational, research, and public/private entities that aims to create new knowledge of significant benefit to society. 
Its mission is to understand the dynamics of the coupled processes that shape the Earth’s surface—physical, biological, geochemical, and anthropogenic—and how they will respond to climate, land use, and management change. NCED is headquartered at the University of Minnesota's Saint Anthony Falls Laboratory.
Research.
NCED is building interdisciplinary Earth-surface science by integrating elements of geomorphology,ecology, hydrology, sedimentary geology, engineering, economics, and geochemistry. It is creating a predictive Earth-surface science by integrating the advances and approaches of theory, laboratory experiments, numerical modeling,and fieldwork
NCED research is unified by a focus on channel networks and their surroundings. The center's three research initiatives (“Integrated Programs”) approach channel networks from a source-to-sink perspective, looking at watersheds (Watersheds), individual stream
reaches (Streams), and depositional systems (Deltas).
Institutions.
Institutions that are home to NCED principal investigators who participate directly with NCED include:

</doc>
<doc id="18441513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441513" title="Sidney D. Mitchell">
Sidney D. Mitchell

Sidney D. Mitchell (June 15, 1888, Baltimore, Maryland - February 25, 1942, Los Angeles, California) was a Hollywood film industry lyricist and composer. He is best known for his collaborations with Lew Pollack on movie scores at Twentieth Century Fox in the 1930s and 1940s. Together with Louis Alter, Mitchell was nominated for an Oscar in 1937 for the song "A Melody from the Sky" which was in the 1936 motion picture "The Trail of the Lonesome Pine". He contributed a large number of songs to other films, and his work continues to be featured to the present day. He also served as a screenwriter for three movies and a director for the film "Umpa" in 1933. 

</doc>
<doc id="18441515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441515" title="Max Schede">
Max Schede

Max Schede (January 7, 1844 – December 31, 1902) was a German surgeon who was a native of Arnsberg. 
Schede studied medicine at the Universities of Halle, Heidelberg and Zurich, obtaining his medical doctorate in 1866. After serving as a doctor in the Austro-Prussian War, he became an assistant to Richard von Volkmann (1830-1889) at Halle. During the Franco-Prussian War, he was in charge of a "Feldlazaretts". In 1875 he appointed head of the surgical department at Friedrichshain Hospital in Berlin, and from 1880, he practiced surgery at St. Georg Hospital in Hamburg.
At Hamburg he was a catalyst towards the construction of Eppendorf Hospital, becoming head of its surgical department in 1888. In 1895 he was chosen professor of surgery at the University of Bonn. Schede was a pioneer of antisepsis in Germany.
In 1890 introduced a surgical procedure called thoracoplasty, an operation involving resection of the thorax for treatment of chronic empyema. His name is associated with the "Schede method", also known as "Schede's clot", a procedure that involves scraping off dead tissue in bone necrosis, allowing the cavity to fill with blood, then covering it with gauze and rubber. 
In 1874 he was a co-founder of the journal "Zentralblatt für Chirurgie".

</doc>
<doc id="18441546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441546" title="UCMC">
UCMC

UCMC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18441547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441547" title="Unfinished Business (Johnny Crash album)">
Unfinished Business (Johnny Crash album)

Unfinished Business is the second album of the band Johnny Crash. It was recorded circa 1990, but was not released until 2008 due to their record label dropping the band before releasing the album.

</doc>
<doc id="18441551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441551" title="Delegation of the European Union to the United States">
Delegation of the European Union to the United States

The Delegation of the European Union to the United States represents the European Union in the United States, working in coordination with the diplomatic and consular missions of all the EU Member States. It is located at 2175 K Street, N.W., in the West End neighborhood of Washington, D.C..
Since 2010, the Ambassador of the EU Delegation has been João Vale de Almeida.
Role.
The Delegation of the European Union presents and explains EU policy to both the U.S. administration and Congress. The Delegation also analyzes and reports on the political, social, and economic situation in the U.S., and acts as a liaison with other international organizations in Washington, D.C. Through its engagement with political actors, the media, academia, business circles, and civil society, the Delegation raises awareness of EU issues and concerns, and promotes the EU-U.S. relationship among the broader American public.
The Delegation represents the EU in matters where the Member States have agreed that their interests be represented collectively, for example, in areas of customs and trade. In contrast, the Embassy of each EU Member State represents the bilateral interests of that nation in its dealings with the U.S. government, and in areas that are not under specific EU jurisdiction. All consular affairs are dealt with by individual Member States. The Delegation also sponsors the European Union Centers of Excellence, a network of university programs dedicated to the study of the EU. 
History.
The European Union has had a permanent presence in Washington, D.C. since 1954, which served as the EU's first overseas representation. Since 1964, the EU has also maintained an office in New York, which now serves as the EU Delegation to the United Nations.
Ambassadors.
Among the Delegation's former Ambassadors, three also served as his country's prime minister: Jens Otto Krag, Andreas van Agt, and John Bruton.
Embassy Sections.
"Head/Deputy Head of Delegation"
"Administration"
"Economic & Financial Affairs"
"Food Safety, Health & Consumer Affairs"
"Political, Security & Development"
"Press & Public Diplomacy"
"Science, Technology & Education"
"Trade & Agriculture"
"Transport, Energy, Environment & Nuclear Matters"
Staff.
Ambassador João Vale de Almeida is the Head of the Delegation of the European Union to the United States. In this capacity, he represents European Commission President José Manuel Barroso and President of the European Council Herman Van Rompuy, under the authority of the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and Vice President of the European Commission Catherine Ashton. François Rivasseau is the Deputy Head of the Delegation of the EU.
As of 2011, the Delegation has approximately 80 permanent staff members, including 30 officials.
Building.
On September 29, 2010, EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and Vice President of the European Commission Catherine Ashton inaugurated the current EU Delegation to the United States. The Delegation building was granted LEED Gold status by the U.S. Green Building Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18441571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441571" title="Georgi Kondratiev">
Georgi Kondratiev

Heorhiy Pyatrovich Kandratsyew (; ; born 7 January 1960) commonly referred to in English as Georgi Petrovich Kondratiev is a retired Soviet international and Belarusian footballer. He is currently the manager in charge of Belarus national team.
International career.
Kondratiev made his debut for the Soviet Union on 10 October 1984 in a 1986 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Norway. He scored 4 goals for the national team, including two in another World Cup qualifier, against Switzerland on 2 May 1985. He was however not selected for the World Cup squad.

</doc>
<doc id="18441577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441577" title="Kep Campaign">
Kep Campaign

The Kep Campaign (2 to 15 October 1884) was an important campaign in northern Vietnam during the opening months of the Sino-French War (August 1884–April 1885). A force of just under 3,000 French troops under the command of General François de Négrier defeated a major Chinese invasion of the Red River Delta launched by Pan Dingxin's Guangxi Army in successive engagements at Lam (6 October), Kep (8 October) and Chu (10 October and 11 October).
Background.
During the spring of 1884 the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps, under the command of General Charles-Théodore Millot, routed China's Guangxi Army in the Bac Ninh campaign (February 1884) and completed the French conquest of the Red River Delta by capturing Hung Hoa (March 1884), Thai Nguyen (May 1884) and Tuyen Quang (June 1884). Hopes of an early peace with China were shattered on 23 June 1884, however, by the Bac Le ambush, in which a French column advancing to occupy Lang Son was attacked near Bac Le by a detachment of the Guangxi Army. On 23 August 1884, following the breakdown of negotiations to resolve the crisis between France and China, Admiral Amédée Courbet destroyed China's Fujian Fleet at the Battle of Fuzhou, inaugurating the nine-month Sino-French War (August 1884 to April 1885). To avenge the defeat at Fuzhou, the Empress Dowager Cixi ordered the commanders of the Guangxi and Yunnan armies to advance into Tonkin, defeat the outnumbered French forces there, recapture Bac Ninh and occupy Hanoi.
General Millot, whose health was failing, resigned as general-in-chief of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps in early September 1884 and was replaced by General Louis Brière de l'Isle, the senior of his two brigade commanders. Brière de l'Isle's first task was to beat off a major Chinese invasion of the Red River Delta. In late September 1884 large detachments of the Guangxi Army advanced from Langson and probed into the Luc Nam valley, announcing their presence by ambushing two French gunboats of the Tonkin Flotilla, "Hache" and "Massue", on 2 October. Although French casualties during this ambush were relatively high (1 officer killed and 32 men wounded), the attack deprived the Chinese of strategic surprise. Subsequent French reconnaissances identified three main Chinese concentrations. The Chinese right wing was deployed around the village of Kep on the Mandarin Road, the Chinese centre was at Bao Loc, and the Chinese left wing was at Chu, in the upper valley of the Luc Nam River. Brière de l’Isle responded immediately, despatching General de Négrier to the Luc Nam valley with nearly 3,000 French soldiers aboard several vessels of the Tonkin Flotilla. De Négrier's mission was to attack and defeat the Chinese detachments before they could concentrate.
The Kep campaign.
French forces.
De Négrier's command included units from both the 1st and 2nd Brigades of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps. The first column, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Donnier, included two companies of the 143rd Line Battalion (Captains Cuvellier and Fraissynaud), two companies of "chef de bataillon" Diguet's 2nd Foreign Legion Battalion (Captains Beynet and Bolgert), 50 Tonkinese riflemen (2nd Lieutenant Bataille) and a section of de Saxcé's artillery battery. The second column consisted of "chef de bataillon" de Mibielle's 3rd Battalion, 3rd Algerian Rifle Regiment (Lieutenant Martineau and Captains Chirouze, Polère and Valet) and Jourdy's battery. The third and largest column, under de Négrier's direct command, consisted of all four companies of the 111th Line Battalion (Captains Planté, Venturini, Mailhat and Verdun), three companies of the 23rd Line Battalion (Captains Gignoux, Gayon and Pécoul), the remaining two companies of the 143rd Line Battalion (Captains Barbier and Dautelle) and Roussel and de Saxcé's artillery batteries.
Chinese forces.
The Guangxi Army was under the command of generals Wang Debang and Pan Dingxin, both of whom had contributed to the defeat of Lieutenant-Colonel Dugenne's column in June 1884 in the Bac Le ambush. The army's left wing, at Chu, was under the command of Su Yuanchun (蘇元春) and Chen Jia (陳嘉). The Chinese right wing, at Kep, was under the command of Fang Yusheng (方友升) and Zhou Shouchang (周壽昌).
French strategy.
De Négrier planned to use the mobility conferred by the French gunboats to manoeuvre troops rapidly from one point to another, enabling him to concentrate in turn against the separated wings of the Guangxi Army. While Lieutenant-Colonel Donnier's column fixed the Chinese left wing before Chu, where the Chinese had built a large entrenched camp, and de Mibielle's column observed the movements of the Chinese centre, de Négrier would attack and defeat the Chinese right wing at Kep with the bulk of his forces. A victory at Kep would allow him to join Donnier before Chu with the other two columns, and this concentration would force the Chinese left wing either to fight for Chu or to retreat.
In essence, the French plan succeeded. However, not everything went according to plan. Donnier successfully established a bridgehead at Lam on 6 October, close to the Guangxi Army's defences at Chu, and on 8 October de Négrier inflicted a bloody defeat on the Guangxi Army's right wing at Kep. On 9 October de Mibielle's column joined Donnier in front of Chu. On 10 October de Négrier's column left Kep and marched back to Phu Lang Thuong, where a flotilla of gunboats was waiting to ferry the men up the Luc Nam river to join Donnier and de Mibielle in front of Chu, to complete the French concentration for the final stage of the campaign.
All Donnier had to do at this point was to wait patiently until de Négrier's arrival. On 10 October, however, his column was drawn into a costly and premature two-day battle at Chu with the Guangxi Army's left wing. In the event Donnier won his battle, and on 13 October de Négrier joined him with the Kep column and began to scout the Guangxi Army's defences around Chu in preparation for an assault by the united French forces. The attack was never made. The Chinese, discouraged by the heavy losses they had suffered on 10 and 11 October and by the rout of their comrades at Kep on 8 October, abandoned the entrenched camp of Chu on 19 October and fell back to Bac Le and Dong Song, to protect the approaches to Lang Son.
The engagements at Lam, Kep and Chu.
At Lam, on 6 October, Donnier's column was ferried rapidly up the Luc Nam river on a string of junks towed by the gunboats "Hache", "Éclair" and "Massue" and the tugs "Phu Ly" and "Tra Ly", and disembarked opposite the Chinese fort at Chu to seize the villages of Lam and Tray Dam. The Chinese immediately closed with the French, who deployed into an L-shaped line around Lam and fought desperately to hold their precarious bridgehead. At the crisis of the battle the Chinese broke through the French centre, sweeping away Bataille's Tonkinese riflemen and part of Beynet's Legion company, but the timely arrival of French reinforcements enabled Donnier to repair the hole in his line, counterattack, and throw back the Chinese. French casualties at Lam were 12 killed and 27 wounded. The Chinese left more than 100 corpses on the battlefield, and the French estimated their total losses at between 300 and 400 men.
At Kep, on 8 October, de Négrier defeated the Guangxi Army's main body in a bloody engagement. The battle was marked by bitter close-quarter fighting between French and Chinese troops, and de Négrier's soldiers suffered heavy casualties storming the fortified village of Kep. The exasperated victors shot or bayoneted scores of wounded Chinese soldiers after the battle, and reports of French atrocities at Kep shocked public opinion in Europe. In fact, prisoners were rarely taken by either side during the Sino-French War, and the French were equally shocked by the Chinese habit of paying a bounty for severed French heads. French casualties at Kep were 32 killed and 61 wounded. Chinese casualties were far higher, perhaps 1,600 killed (including the entire Chinese garrison of Kep) and around 2,000 wounded.
At Chu, on 10 October, a morning outpost skirmish precipitated by an over-zealous Foreign Legion officer, Captain Cuvellier, escalated into a full-scale afternoon battle in which Donnier's bridgehead at Tray Dam was violently attacked by the Chinese. The French eventually drove off the Chinese attacks, though their rifle fire was less effective than usual. Much of the French ammunition, stored carelessly during the heat and humidity of the Vietnamese summer, had become too damp to fire, and one French unit suffered a misfire rate of 50%. Fortunately for the French, the Chinese never got close enough to take advantage of their vulnerability. On the night of 10 October Donnier ordered trenches to be dug to cover the approaches to Tray Dam. The Chinese resumed the battle on the morning of 11 October, massing their forces for an attack on Donnier's right wing. The attack had no chance of success. The French and Algerians, sheltered in their trenches, had dried out their powder in the hot morning sun. Concentrated, aimed French volleys inflicted heavy casualties on the dense Chinese attack columns and eventually put them to flight. After the failure of this attack the Chinese broke off the battle. Donnier was content to hold his positions until de Négrier joined him with the Kep column, on 13 October. French casualties at Chu were 21 dead and 92 wounded. Chinese casualties were certainly considerably higher.
Significance.
In the wake of these French victories the Chinese fell back to Bac Le and Dong Song, while de Négrier established important forward positions at Kep and Chu, which threatened the Guangxi Army's base at Lang Son. In January 1885 the French concentrated 7,200 soldiers and 4,500 coolies at Chu, in preparation for a major campaign to take Lang Son. The Kep campaign was an essential preliminary to the February 1885 Lang Son Campaign, in which the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps captured Lang Son and drove the Guangxi Army out of Tonkin and back across the Chinese border.

</doc>
<doc id="18441613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441613" title="Polygonum erectum">
Polygonum erectum

Polygonum erectum is an annual plant species with upright or ascending stems. It is a common weed in disturbed locations with dry soils in the North Eastern USA where it is called erect knotweed. It was once cultivated for food by Native Americans as part of the group of crops known as the Eastern Agricultural Complex.
Description.
Plants grow 10 to 50-(75) cm tall with many to few, non wiry branches. The leaves have distinct veins and entire edges or have jagged cut edges. The pedicels are shorter or equal the length of the calyx and typically longer than the ocreae. The closed flowers have a calyx that is typically 3 mm long, green in color and 5-lobed. Flowers in clusters of 1 to 5 in cymes that are produced in the axils of most leaves. The calyx segments are unequal with the outer lobes longer and not keeled and the inner ones narrowly keeled. The tepals are greenish, with yellowish tinting or sometimes with whitish tints. The seeds are produced in fruits called achenes that can be of two different types; one type is dark brown in color with a shiny surface and is broadly ovoid in shape, typically 2.5 mm long. The other achene type is dull brown in color, exsert and ovoid in shape, and 3–3.5 mm long. Late season fruiting is uncommon and if produced the achenes are 4 to 5 mm long.
"Polygonum erectum" is listed as endangered in New Hampshire and New York

</doc>
<doc id="18441622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441622" title="Hoffman Hills State Recreation Area">
Hoffman Hills State Recreation Area

Hoffman Hills State Recreation Area is a unit of the Wisconsin state park system near Menomonie. A network of trails provides access to wooded hills, prairie, and wetlands. There are three picnic areas and a observation tower. Visitors are allowed to gather edible mushrooms, nuts, and berries, and hunting is allowed in the fall.

</doc>
<doc id="18441630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441630" title="Robert Dudley (actor)">
Robert Dudley (actor)

Robert Dudley (13 September 1869–15 September 1955), born Robert Y. Dudley in Cincinnati, Ohio, was a dentist turned film character actor who, in his 35-year career, appeared in over 115 films.
Career.
Dudley was born in Cincinnati, Ohio and was educated at Lake Forest College in Evanston, Illinois and Chicago, where he majored in oral surgery. In 1917 he appeared in his first film, "Seven Keys to Baldpate", and then made three other silent films through 1921. After 1922 he worked consistently, appearing in three or four films a year, and making the transition to sound films in 1929 with "The Bellamy Trial". Dudley often played characters with a quick temper, including jurors, shopkeepers, ticket agents, court clerks and justices of the peace, as well as an occasional farmer, hobo, or laborer. His performances in these small parts were frequently uncredited.
In the 1940s, Dudley was part of Preston Sturges' unofficial "stock company" of character actors, appearing in six films written and directed by Sturges. His most distinctive and memorable role for Sturges was the "Wienie King" in 1942's "The Palm Beach Story", the funny little self-made rich man with a big hat who spontaneously bankrolls Claudette Colbert and Joel McCrea on their escapade.
The 5' 9" Dudley, who was the founder of the "Troupers Club of Hollywood", was married to Elaine Anderson, and they had two girls, Jewell and Patricia Lee. He made his final film, "As Young as You Feel" in 1951, and died 15 September 1955 in San Clemente, California, two days after his 86th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="18441631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441631" title="Sophie Auster">
Sophie Auster

Sophie Auster (born July 6, 1987, Brooklyn, New York City) is an American singer/songwriter and actress. She is the daughter of author Paul Auster and writer Siri Hustvedt.
Life and career.
At the age of eight, Auster began to take singing lessons. A year later she had a very small part in a film and by the age of twelve she began acting lessons at The Lee Strasberg theater and film Institute. Sophie was sixteen when she recorded her first record. The album was a collaboration between Sophie and Brooklyn based musicians Michael Hearst and Joshua Camp of the musical duo One Ring Zero. Using her writer father, Paul Auster's, early translations of French Surrealist poets, along with a two original lyrics written by Sophie, the poetic lines of Tristan Tzara, Paul Eluard, Robert Desnos, Philippe Soupault and Guillaume Apollinaire became songs set to music by Hearst and Camp.
The collaboration began as a side project Sophie pursued after school and on weekends. It was never intended for wide public consumption, but when a family friend heard the album, she was so impressed; she offered to release it under the French label Naïve Records. The album quickly made its way from France into other countries in Europe and beyond. Finally the resulting self-titled album "Sophie Auster" shows an interplay of Sophie's powerful and clear voice and One Ring Zero's orchestrated music.
In July 2006 Auster was on the cover of the Spanish issue of "Rolling Stone" magazine. In 2007, Sophie began writing with writer/musician Barry Reynolds, who has worked with Rufus Wainwright, Marianne Faithfull, Antony and the Johnsons, Charlotte Gainsbourg, and Grace Jones. The two formed a fast friendship and they have been collaborating ever since. After graduating from Sarah Lawrence College in 2010 Sophie began recording again. Her latest self-produced record, "Red Weather", was released November 13, 2012 through Lost Colony Music.

</doc>
<doc id="18441635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441635" title="John O'Shea (rugby player)">
John O'Shea (rugby player)

John Patrick O'Shea (born 2 June 1940) is a former international rugby union player.
Educated at Lewis School Pengam, along with John Dawes, he was capped five times for Wales as a prop between 1967 and 1968.
O'Shea was selected for the 1968 British Lions tour to South Africa and played in the first international against . In the match against Eastern Transvaal at Springs he became the first Lion ever to be sent off for foul play, after throwing a punch.
He played club rugby for Cardiff.
He is currently living in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18441641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441641" title="Make Believe (Sibel song)">
Make Believe (Sibel song)

"Make Believe" is the second single from singer Sibel. The song was released as a downloadable-only single in May 2008 and reached #56 on downloads alone after only one week. The song has been is connected to the Ronald McDonald foundation in Sweden where Sibel is an ambassador, the video for the song shows clips of disadvantaged children in graphic boxes around Sibel.

</doc>
<doc id="18441661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441661" title="Court of First Fruits and Tenths">
Court of First Fruits and Tenths

First Fruits and Tenths was a form of tax on clergy taking up a benefice or ecclesiastical position in Great Britain. The Court of First Fruits and Tenths was established in 1540 to collect from clerical benefices certain monies that had previously been sent to Rome. Clergy had to pay a portion of their first year's income (known as annates) and a tenth of their revenue annually thereafter. Originally, the money was paid to the papacy, but Henry VIII's 1534 statute diverted the money to the English Crown as part of his campaign to pressure the Pope into granting him an annulment of his marriage with Catherine of Aragon. The 1534 Act of Conditional Restraint of Annates allowed taxes on first fruits and tenths (of benefice’s income) to be transferred from the Pope to the King. Thomas Cromwell set up a special financial administration for these revenues and they later passed under the control of the Exchequer. During the 18th century, these payments formed the basis of Queen Anne's Bounty.
Substance and procedure.
First-fruits (annates) and tenths (decimae) originally formed part of the revenue paid by the clergy to the papal exchequer. The former consist of the first whole year's profit of all spiritual preferments, the latter of one-tenth of their annual profits after the first year.
The proceedings of the court relate to a variety of aspects of the collection of these dues for the Crown and include, for example, accountings, sheriffs' returns to writs concerning livings and their incumbents and appearances and hearings in cases of first fruits. 
The income derived from first-fruits and tenths was annexed to the revenue of the crown in 1534 (26 Hen. VIII. c. 3), and so continued until 1703. The Court of First Fruits and Tenths was subsequently subsumed into the Exchequer Office of First Fruits and Tenths in 1554. 
Beginning in 1703, Queen Anne's Bounty was the name applied to a perpetual fund of first-fruits and tenths granted by a charter of Queen Anne and confirmed by statute in 1703 (2 & 3 Anne, c. 11), for the augmentation of the livings of the poorer Anglican clergy. In accordance with the provisions of two acts of 1703 (5 & 6 Anne, c. 24, and 6 Anne, c. 27), about 3900 poor livings under the annual value of £50 were discharged from first-fruits and tenths.

</doc>
<doc id="18441673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441673" title="Tethered particle motion">
Tethered particle motion

Tethered particle motion (TPM) is a biophysical method that is used for studying various polymers such as DNA and their interaction with other entities such as proteins. 
The method allows observers to measure various physical properties on the substances, as well as to measure the properties of biochemical interactions with other substances such as proteins and enzymes.
TPM is a single molecule experiment method.
History.
TPM was first introduced by Schafer, Gelles, Sheetz and Landick in 1991. In their research, they attached RNA polymerase to the surface, and gold beads were attached to one end of the DNA molecules. In the beginning, the RNA polymerase "captures" the DNA near the gold bead. During the transcription, the DNA "slides" on the RNA polymerase so the distance between the RNA polymerase and the gold bead (the tether length)is increased. Using an optical microscope the area that the bead moves in was detected. The transcription rate was extracted from data.<br>
Since then, a lot of TPM experiments have been done, and the method was improved in many ways such as beads types, biochemstry techniques, imaging (faster cameras, different microscopy methods etc.) data analysis and combination with other single-molecule techniques (e.g. optical or magnetical tweezers).
Principle of the method.
One end of a polymer is attached to a small bead (tens to hundreds of nanometer), while the other end is attached to a surface.
Both the polymer and the bead stay in an aqueous environment, so the bead moves in Brownian motion. Because of the tether, the motion is restricted. Using an optical microscope and CCD camera, one can track the bead position in a time series. Although the bead is usually smaller than the diffraction limit, so the image is a spot which is larger than the bead itself (point spread function), the center of the spot represents the projection on the X-Y plane of the end of the polymer (end-to-end vector). Analyzing the distribution of the bead position can tell us a lot of information about the polymer.
Excursion number.
In order that the motion would be polymer dominated, and not bead dominated, one should notice that the excursion number will be less than 1:<br>
formula_1
where formula_2 is the bead radius, formula_3 is the contour length of the polymer and formula_4 is the persistence length (50 nm in physiological conditions) of the polymer. (It is possible to work also when formula_5, but it should be treated carefully.)
Bead types.
All of the bead types and diameters (with the biochemistry marker, look at the tether assembly section) are manufactured by commercial companies, and can purchased easily.
Chip and Tether Assembly.
Chip assembly.
A chip can be made of two coverslips. One of them should be drilled to make two hole, allowing the reagents to be injected into the flowcell. The slides should be cleaned to remove dirt. A bath sonicator is a good tool for that, 15 minutes in Isopropanol should do the trick. Next, the a channel should be made. One way of doing so is to cut parafilm in the center, leaving a frame of parafilm that would be used as a spacer between the slides. The slides should be assembled one on the other with the cut parafilm between them. The final step is to heat the chip so that the parafilm will melt and glue the slides together.
Tether Assembly.
First, the chip has to be passivated so that the polymer won't stick to the glass, there are plenty of blocking reagents available (BSA, alpha-casein, etc.) and one should find what works best for the specific situation
Next, the surface should be coated with an antibody or other reactive molecule (such as anti-digoxigenin) that will bind to an antigen (digoxigenin) at one end of the polymer. After an incubation of about 45min, the excess antibody has to be washed away.
After washing the excess antibody, the polymer should be injected into the chip and incubated for about the same time. The polymer had been modified before at the ends. One end has a biotin tail and the other has a digoxigenin tail. After incubation, unbound polymer has to be washed out from the cell. Then, anti-biotin coated beads should be injected to the flowcell and incubate for about 30-45min. Excess beads should be washed out. 
Data Analysis.
Tracking.
As mentioned above, the image doesn't show the bead itself but a larger spot according to its PSF (Point spread function). In addition, the pixel size on the camera may reduce the resolution of the measure.
In order to extract the exact bead's position (that corresponds to the end-to-end vector), the center of the spot should be found as accurate as possible. It can be done with good resolution using two different techniques, both based on spot characteristics. The light intensity in the focal plane distributed as airy disk, and has circular symmetry.<br>
Gaussian fitting: A 2-dimensional Gaussian function is a good approximation for airy disk. By fitting this function to the spot one can find the parameters formula_6 and formula_7 that are the coordinates of the center of the spot, and of the end-to-end vector.<br>
"Center of mass": The second technique is to find the center of intensity, using the definition of center of mass:
formula_8
where formula_9 is the center of mass coordinate, formula_10 is the total intensity of the spot, and formula_11 and formula_12 are the intensity and coordinate of the "k"-th pixel. Because of the circular symmetry, the coordinate of the center of intensity is the coordinate of the center of the bead.<br>
Both techniques give us the coordinate of the end-to-end vector in a resolution better than pixel size.
Drift correction.
Usually, the whole system drifts during the measuring. There are several methods to correct the drift, generally these can divided into 3 groups:<br>
Frequency: The Brownian motion frequency is much larger than the drift frequency, so one can use high-pass filter in order to remove the drift. Similar effect can achieve by smoothing the data, and subtraction of the smoothed from the data (see figure).<br>
Averaging over few beads: If few beads are shown in the frame, because every bead moving randomly, averaging over the position of them for every frame should give us the drift (it should subtracted from the data for having clean data).<br>
Immobilized bead: If an immobilized bead is shown in the frame, we can take its position as a reference, and correct the data by the immobilized bead's position. (Another advantage of looking at immobilized bead, is the fact that the motion of it can tell us about the accuracy of the measure.)<br>
Of course one can use more than one method.
Polymer characterization.
It is common to fit random walk statistics to the end-to-end vector of the polymer. For 1-dimensional we'll get the Normal distribution, and for 2-dimensional the Rayleigh distribution:
formula_13<br>
where formula_3 is the contour length and formula_4 is the persistence length.<br>
After collecting the data of time series, one should fitting the histogram of the data to the distribution function (one or two dimensional). If the contour length of the polymer is known, the only fitting parameter is the persistence length.
Spring constant.
Due to entropic force, the polymer acts like Hookian spring. According to Boltzmann distribution, the distribution is proprtional to exponent of the ratio between the elastic energy and the thermal energy:
formula_16
where formula_17 is the spring constant, formula_18 is Boltzmann constant and formula_19 is the temperature. By taking the logarithm of the distribution formula_20 and fitting it to a parabola shape, one can get the spring constant of the polymer:
formula_21
where formula_22 is the coefficient of formula_23 from the parabola fit.

</doc>
<doc id="18441681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441681" title="Battle of Lisnagarvey">
Battle of Lisnagarvey

The Battle of Lisnagarvey took place near Lisburn, south of Carrickfergus, in south county Antrim, Ireland in December 1649. It was fought between the Royalists army (many of whom were Scots) and the Parliamentarians during the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.
Background.
When the army of Oliver Cromwell landed in Dublin in August 1649, the only large town in Ulster held by the Parliamentarians was Derry. Charles Coote's forces had managed to resist the Royalist/Confederate alliance in 1649 thanks to an alliance of convenience with Owen Roe O'Neill and his Ulster Irish army. After Cromwell had conquered the Major town of Drogheda in September, he sent Colonel Robert Venables with a force of 5,000 men to conquer east Ulster while Cromwell himself headed south with the rest of the army.
Within days Venables had occupied Dundalk, and shortly after he captured the Port of Carlingford and a number of nearby castles with the help of a Parliamentarian frigate. The next day the parliamentarian cavalry captured Newry. The only serious resistance encountered by Venable's force occurred on 27 September, when some of Felim O'Neill's Ulster Irish launched a surprise attack on the Parliamentarian camp near Lisnagarvey. These however were beaten off. Shortly after, the Scottish garrison in Belfast also surrendered without a fight. A considerable quantity of arms and ammunition was obtained by the Parliamentarians in these actions.
In the meantime, the force of Charles Coote became active once again. Coote's first target was Coleraine. Some of the Protestant townsmen opened a gate and let his forces in, Coote then proceeded to massacre the garrison. Most of the defenders were in fact Protestants of Scottish birth, but Coote was not one to show mercy to an enemy. Coote's forces than joined Venable's at Belfast, who was preparing an attack on Carrickfergus.
The battle.
In early December, Major General Monro's mostly Scottish army, 3,000 strong, joined forces with the Royalist Lord Clandeboye. The Royalists marched north in an attempt to stop the Parliamentarian army from taking Carrickfergus. After learning of their approach, the Parliamentarians moved to intercept the Royalists, and the two armies met near Lisnagarvey (Lisburn) on the Sixth of December. The advance guards of the two armies became engaged in a fight. Panic rapidly set in amongst the already demoralised Royalists. When the main Parliamentarian army came within sight, most of the Royalists were in flight. The Parliamentarians immediately attacked, and slaughtered 1,500 retreating Royalists. Most of the weapons and supplies of the Royalist army were lost. Clandeboyle surrendered shortly after the battle while Monro fled to Enniskillen.
Consequences.
The rout at Lisnagarvey ended resistance by the Scottish Ulster forces to the Parliamentarian army. Carrickfergus surrendered to Coote on 13 December. True to form Coote had the families of the Scottish garrison thrown out of the town and into the winter cold. Thereafter only a few strongholds in Ulster remained in Royalist hands. Early in 1650 Monro surrendered Enniskillen to Coote for 500 pounds and returned to Scotland. The Ulster Irish army was now all that was left in the way of a Parliamentarian conquest of Ulster.

</doc>
<doc id="18441690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441690" title="Mimi, New Zealand">
Mimi, New Zealand

Mimi is a locality in northern Taranaki, in the North Island of New Zealand. It is located on State Highway 3 close to the shore of the North Taranaki Bight, 6 kilometres north-east of Urenui and 26 km south-west of Ahititi. The Mimi River flows past the settlement into the North Taranaki Bight.
Education.
Mimi School is a coeducational contributing primary (years 1-6) school with a decile rating of 4 and a roll of 27.

</doc>
<doc id="18441704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441704" title="Ari Romero">
Ari Romero

Ari Romero (Jose Luis Arias Romero; December 20, 1951 – December 29, 2013), was a Mexican professional wrestler who has wrestled in the USA, Japan, and his Native Mexico. Ari "El Rey del Tenedor" is notorious for using a fork to make his adversaries bleed in his matches. his nickname is "El rey de las Cadenas". (Spanish for "King of the bull terrier match")
Wrestling career.
Romero began his career in his native city of Querétaro under a mask with the name "el Gato" (Spanish for "the cat") at the age of 15. His father was the local Empresa Mundial de Lucha Libre (EMLL, now known as Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL)) promoter but when he debuted his son he put him in the opening bout and ordered the guys to be a little extra rough with him. After a few years later Romero, a bit more mature and experienced, would get called up to EMLL full-time and would debut at Arena Coliseo in downtown Mexico City. After several years, with signs of promise, the EMLL offices send him to Ciudad Juárez with their local affiliate to further season. Cd. Juarez would become Romero's home as he became a fixture in the area and would later play a big role in the beginning of Eddie Guerrero and Konnan's wrestling careers. An injury while in Juarez forced Ari to return to Mexico City and soon after lose his "El Gato" mask Halcón Dorado as part of EMLL's "Martes populares" where they showcased new talent, mixed in with some of EMLL's veterans and established stars.
After losing his "El Gato" mask Romero returned to Juarez but this time with a rival promoter of the area, Gory Guerrero, who ran his shows at Plaza de Torros Balderas only two blocks away from the EMLL afitliate competition at the Gimnasio Municipal. It would for Gory Guerrero that Romero would begin his long lasting feud (storyline) with the Guerrero family. Romero began working under his real name, Jose Luis Arias Romero, later shortened to Arias Romero by Gory Guerrero himself. Guerrero decided to have Romero debut as a face, going against Romero's natural heel (bad guy, "Rudó" In Mexico) tendencies. During his debut against a hated local, Romero managed to rile up the crowd so much that he turned the heel face (good guy, "Technicó" in Mexico) in the crowds eye and had them booing him instead. Romero quickly moved into a storyline with the local top talent Hector Guerrero, Gory's son. Romero won a lot of matches while in Juarez, but his main accomplishment during his run with Guerrero's promotion was defeating all four Guerreros in an elimination 4 vs. 4 match. Romero singlehandedly eliminated Chavo, Mando and Gory and in a heated match finally also overcame Hector Guerrero. Not long after defeating the four Guerreros Ari Romero left to join the "la Division del Norte" wrestling circuit in Monterrey, led by lucha legend Rene Guajardo and composed of mostly ex EMLL guys.
It was here that Ari Romero got his most well-known name as local promoter, Ciclon Veloz, had shortened his name from Arias Romero to Ari Romero. After working in Monterrey Romero gained his first taste of international experience, working his first tour of the United States. He would first work in the southwestern part, working mainly on the Native American Reservations of New Mexico, Utah and Arizona. Later he would go to Southeast Championship Wrestling and work their territory in Tennessee, Alabama, Kentucky, Florida, Mississippi and Georgia. While working in the US Romero picked up a more American style of wrestling and would take what he learned back to Mexico. Romero claimed that it wasn't until he wrestled in the south that he finally understood the psychology of pro wrestling. After his tour of the US Romero would return to EMLL with a lot more experience. This time round he had his first big run with the company, taking part in one of EMLLs first Central American tours to El Salvador, Guatemala and Panama. From here Romero would get sent by the CMLL offices to Los Angeles where he would work for Promoter Mike Labell at the Olympic Auditorium for the National Wrestling Alliance.
The NWA, EMLL and New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) had formed a working relationship and exchanged talents to help strengthen all three promotions. EMLL sent Mil Mascaras, Black Gordman and the Great Goliath among others to the Olympic, as well as Ari Romero. Romero enjoyed a good run in NWA, a run that saw him participate in his first tour of Japan, one of many to come, and also a tour of the Pacific Islands in Hawaii, New Zealand, Guam, Samoa, Fiji, Australia and Tonga for "High Chief" Peter Maivia. During his stint with them Romero managed to crown himself champion of Polynesian Wrestling defeating Peter Maivia himself. After this Romero would find himself back in EMLL as an established star, scoring victories over top talents of the time such as La Fiera, Alfonso Dantés and others. Later on Romero left EMLL and ventured out to San Antonio, Texas to work for Tully Blanchard's Southwest Championship Wrestling. After working in Texas Romero returned to Juarez where he helped several up and comers like Eddie Guerrero, Konnan, Blue Demon, Jr., Tinieblas, Jr., Heavy Metal get their start in wrestling. Romero continued wrestling full-time locally in Juarez while making annual appearances for EMLL and tours to Japan for many distinct promotions, among them All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW).
During the early 1990s Ari contacted the CMLL offices to ask for his scheduled dates where it was suggested to him to try to work with a new gimmick, a masked character. Romero took advantage of the Gulf War that was going on at the time, using it to return full-time with EMLL as El Gran Sheik, an Iraqi Sheikh. As El Grand Sheik he brought a slave with him to the ring to really sell the gimmick. Romero's career saw a resurgence as "El Gran Sheik", he even took part in Michinoku Pro's World Masked Tournament representing Saudi Arabia (even though his gimmick was supposed to be Iraqi). Romero placed in the tournament that was won by Dos Caras (Mexico) and saw local superstar, over the Great Sasuke (Japan) place second. The tournament also saw Sho Funaki, Jerry Lynn, Taka Michinoku and Super Delfin participate. Romero ended up losing the Gran Shiek mask to Blue Demon, Jr., but his popularity in the Orient led him to reside in Japan after his loss. Romero spent the next 10 years wrestling all over Asia doing shows in Japan, Korea, Hong Kong, Philippines, Malaysia and even Russia. In late 2003 Ari returned to Juarez to help his son, billed as Ari Romero, Jr., get his break in the business for the same local promotion that Romero, Sr. worked for years before.
Outside the ring.
Outside the ring works with his favorite hobby, music. Romero formed a music group composed of nothing but pro wrestlers and musicians that would play just for fun at their anniversary shows. The group ended up performing at Mexico's prestigious "Teatro Blanquita" as headliners. The Group was compossed of Ari Romero (lead guitar and vocals), Kung Fu (drums), El Pantera (guitar), El Apache (Bass), Buffalo Salvaje (vocals), Mario Prado (percussion) and Estrellita (keyboard and vocals). Romero has recorded four CD's, three of which are his own material.
Death.
In December 2013, Romero died after a battle with liver cancer at the age of 62.

</doc>
<doc id="18441708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441708" title="Kazakhstan Academy of Sciences">
Kazakhstan Academy of Sciences

Kazakhstan Academy of Sciences (official name National Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Kazakhstan) was founded in 1946 as a state institution that joins active members (academicians), corresponding members, and leading scientists of Kazakhstan. The main activities of the Academy are scientific research, analysis and forecasting of the development of science, priorities of science development and scientific personnel training, support, formation, and coordination of scientific programs, promotion of international cooperation, innovation and investment in science-based development. Areas of research include earth sciences, mathematics, computer science, physics, remote sensing and space technologies, chemistry, new materials, biologically active substances, biochemistry and physiology of plants, botany, soil sciences, social sciences and humanities. The incumbent president (2008) is Professor Murat Zhurinov.

</doc>
<doc id="18441709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441709" title="Horiyoshi III">
Horiyoshi III

Horiyoshi III is a "horishi" tattoo artist, specializing in Japanese traditional full-body tattoos, or "suits," called "Irezumi" or "Horimono".
Biography.
Horiyoshi III was born Yoshihito Nakano in 1946.
Nakano was inspired when he saw a "Yakuza" (Japanese gangster) with a full-body tattoo in a public bathhouse when he was a young boy, "about eleven or twelve." This inspired him to visit legendary tattoo artist Yoshitsugu Muramatsu, also known as Shodai Horiyoshi of Yokohama. Nakano got his own tattoo from Horiyoshi II—Shodai Horiyoshi's son—and lead to Nakano becoming Horiyoshi I's apprentice at age 25.
Horiyoshi III is the second tattooist be granted that honorific title, which passes from master to apprentice. The tattooist affixation "Hori" means "to engrave" or "to carve." Muramatsu bestowed this title upon Nakano in 1971.
Horiyoshi III was a member of the "Yakuza" at a young age, but quit before becoming an apprentice tattoo artist.
His wife, Mayumi Nakano, is the general manager of his public "Tattoo Museum" located close to the Yokohama Station, which he founded in 2000.
Works.
At Horiyoshi's studio in Yokohama, Japan, tattoos are outlined freehand using an electric needle. He did the outlining by hand until the late 1990s. His friendship with Don Ed Hardy, started in the mid-1980s, lead to Horiyoshi's adoption of electric machines.
Shading and color is added using the traditional "tebori", or Japanese hand tattooing, technique. He restricts his motifs to the classical repertoire of the vast variety of traditional Japanese stories and designs: peonies, koi, dragons, "tenyo" (she-angels), etc. Horiyoshi feels responsible for keeping the classic repertoire alive, "one prick at a time."
Horiyoshi III's work can cost tens of thousands of dollars, and may require weekly hour-long visits over the course of several years to complete.
His work is now limited to finishing existing clients' tattoos.
Among Horiyoshi III's published works are the following books: Ed Hardy published "Tattoo designs of Japan", Nihonshuppansha published "36 Ghosts", "108 Heroes of the Suikoden", "100 Demons", "58 Musha", "The Namakubi" (a collection of drawings of severed heads), former American-Japanese apprentice Horitaka has published books on the masters work which are "Bushido", "Tattoos of the floating world", "Studying Horiyoshi 3", "Dragons by Horiyoshi3", "The Horiyoshi3 sketchbook", "Horiyoshi3 photobook", his now senior apprentice Horikitsune has been appointed to publish Horiyoshi 3's books in 2009 with his partner Horimatsu under the name Kofuu-Senju Publications. So far they have published "Ryushin", a collection of line-work of dragons and folk-tale heroes, "Kokoro" a book to point out some links between the Japanese zen spirit and Japanese traditional Irezumi, "Dentouwaza" a book on the Irezumi Tattoo work of Horiyoshi 3's long time friend Nakamura-sensei from Kyushu and "Osen" a book on old Irezumi designs from Horiyoshi 3's collection.
An exhibition of Horiyoshi's work named 'Kokoro: The Art of Horiyoshi III' was on display at Somerset House in London, 21 March – 1 July 2012 http://www.somersethouse.org.uk/visual-arts/kokoro-the-art-of-horiyoshi-iii
Successor.
Horiyoshi III's successor will be his son Souryou (heir) Kazuyoshi Nakano, named "Souryou" (heir) until he gets his "Hori"-name. Upon successfully completing the apprenticeship, Kazuyoshi will become Horiyoshi IV. Horiyoshi III has only one other active apprentice, German born Alex Kofuu Reinke, whom he named "Horikitsune" ("the carving fox") in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18441713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441713" title="Pacific Research Laboratories">
Pacific Research Laboratories

Pacific Research Laboratories, Inc. is a leading producer of artificial bone, Sawbones, designed to simulate the bone architecture as well as the bone’s physical properties. Founded in 1978, and now with about 70 employees, it is the largest manufacturer on Vashon, and is locally referred to as "The Bone Factory."
In its research product development, lead researcher Susmita Bose began in 2000 to develop the first artificial open-celled cancellous bone model using materials such as polyurethane-based polymers, ceramic powders, and organic solvents. This research is funded by Washington Technology Center http://www.waTechCenter.org
Sawbones has been developed specifically for surgical training where a realistic bone specimen is required.
The term "sawbones" is very old slang for a physician, especially a surgeon.

</doc>
<doc id="18441735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441735" title="Wounds (album)">
Wounds (album)

Wounds is the third full length release by the band, "The Funeral Pyre". It was released on May 27, 2008.
Unlike their earlier works, this album features no keyboards, instead replacing long time keyboard player, Daniella Jones, with guitarist Justin Garcia. According to the band's official web page, "We did 2 records with keyboards. We loved doing those records with keyboards. Things eventually started to not work out between both parties." However, near the end of their first tour of this album, Garcia, too, left the band, and was replaced by Lanny Perelman, formally a member of Cerberus.
The musical qualities are different from their first two albums. Many of the death metal elements were removed from this album and has been considered a loss for the band. However, the band's work on "Wounds" was praised for the songwriting and musicianship value of the album.
Guest vocals on the title track, "Wounds", were provided by Makh Daniels of the band "Early Graves", formerly known as "Apiary".

</doc>
<doc id="18441763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441763" title="Jorge Rodas">
Jorge Rodas

Jorge Alexander Rodas Hurtarte (born October 9, 1971) is a retired Guatemalan professional football midfielder. He last played for Aurora FC in the Guatemalan "Primera División" as of the end of the 2007-08 season.
Rodas was the first Guatemalan footballer to play in Major League Soccer, when he starred for San José Clash in 1996. He was also a member of the Guatemala national team.
He is the younger brother of Julio Rodas, who was also a member of the national team.
Club career.
Rodas began playing professionally for Municipal of Guatemala City, where he became first known for his abilities as a central midfielder and his shooting range. After winning the 1993-94 league tournament with Municipal, he signed with their arch-rival, Comunicaciones, where he would be part of seven championship-winning squads.
Major League Soccer.
In 1996, Rodas became the first Guatemalan to play professionally in the United States, when he was signed by San Jose Clash. He took the field in the first-ever Major League Soccer match on April 6. 1996, when The Clash beat DC United 1-0 at home. Alongside players like Eric Wynalda, John Doyle, and Eddie Lewis, Rodas helped San Jose reach the MLS playoffs that year. He played in 29 matches, made three assists, and scored one goal on a direct free kick against New England Revolution on August 11, catalogued in the "San Jose Earthquakes 100 Greatest Goals" DVD as the team's second-best goal of the year. After the inaugural MLS season, Rodas was transferred back to Communicaciones in January 1997.
Later career.
Rodas would stay at Comunicaciones until 2002, and after that he played briefly for Xelajú MC. Later, he joined Deportivo Jalapa, achieving further success by helping the team win the Domestic Cup in consecutive years in 2005 and 2006; he scored the only goal of a 1-0 win over Municipal in the 2006 final. He had other notable individual performances at Jalapa, among them scoring a hat-trick against Deportivo Heredia in a 3-2 win on which the team advanced to the semi-final of the 2005 apertura tournament.
After his tenure with Jalapa ended in 2006, Rodas, aged 35, continued his career with a brief spell with "Deportivo Mixco" in the "Primera División". For the 2007-08 season, he was signed by former top-division team Aurora FC, which had been relegated to the "Segunda División" the previous season. Aurora earned promotion back to the "Primera División" for the 2008–2009 season.
International career.
Rodas made his debut for Guatemala in a May 1991 UNCAF Nations Cup match against El Salvador alongside his brother Julio. Jorge Rodas earned 38 overall caps, scoring four goals, and represented his country in 12 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and was part of the squads that competed at the CONCACAF Gold Cup tournaments of 1996, 1998 and 2000, and at the UNCAF Nations Cup of 1995, 1997, and 1999. His final international was a January 2001 World Cup qualification match against Costa Rica.

</doc>
<doc id="18441781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441781" title="George Booth (cricketer)">
George Booth (cricketer)

George Booth (born 1767 in England; date of death unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 13 appearances in major cricket matches from 1796 to 1804.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18441822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441822" title="W. Allen (Essex cricketer)">
W. Allen (Essex cricketer)

W. Allen (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made three known appearances in first-class cricket matches from 1787 to 1793.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Essex and also played for Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18441823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441823" title="Davy (Surrey cricketer)">
Davy (Surrey cricketer)

Davy (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 5 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1787 to 1788.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="18441826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441826" title="Kyrgyz Academy of Sciences">
Kyrgyz Academy of Sciences

Kyrgyz Academy of Sciences (official name National Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Kyrgyzstan), originally part of the Soviet Academy of Sciences, was established as an independent entity by government decree in December 1993.
The aims of the Academy are to carry out research in natural, engineering, and social sciences, to train scientists in all fields of knowledge, to advise the government in matters of scientific policy, and to disseminate knowledge. The Academy defines the research topics in the national research institutions, coordinates basic research funded by the state, participates in international organizations, and organizes symposia and conferences to discuss scientific issues and coordinate research. As of 2008, there are 37 academicians, 57 corresponding members, and 7 foreign members. The incumbent president is Academician Abdygany Erkebayev; the vice presidents are Academicians Duyshe Kudayarov and Vladimir Ploskikh.
History.
The history of the Kyrgyz Academy of Sciences begins in 1943 when Kyrgyz Branch of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR was established. It included institutes of geology, biology, chemistry, language, and history. An increasing potential of the branch resulted in establishing the Academy of Sciences of Kyrgyz SSR by a decree of the Council of Ministers of the Soviet Union on August 17, 1954. Among 8 research units of the Academy were institutes of: chemistry, geology, botanic, water management and energy, history, zoology and parasitology, language and literature, and medicine. In December 1993, the Academy of Sciences was transformed into National Academy of Sciences with newly established South branch.
Departments and Institutions.
The Academy has 3 major departments (sections), specifically: 
Each of departments consists of scientific institutes, and centers.
Presidents of the Academy of Sciences.
The list of presidents of the Academy of Sciences is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18441830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441830" title="G. Dupuis (Essex cricketer)">
G. Dupuis (Essex cricketer)

G. Dupuis (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made four known appearances in first-class cricket matches from 1787 to 1792.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="18441832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441832" title="Murray (Essex cricketer)">
Murray (Essex cricketer)

Murray (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 3 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1787 to 1789.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="18441861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441861" title="Prospect Mortgage">
Prospect Mortgage

Prospect Mortgage is a residential retail mortgage lender in the United States and offers a range of home loans. The company is based in Sherman Oaks, California and backed by the private equity firm Sterling Partners.
History.
In early 2007, Prospect Mortgage, LLC acquired Metrocities Mortgage, LLC. Also in 2007, Metrocities Mortgage, LLC acquired certain assets from Opteum Financial Services, LLC and Fidelity and Trust Mortgage, LLC.
In July 2008, Metrocities Mortgage, LLC signed an agreement to acquire the majority of Indymac Bank Home Lending's retail mortgage branches.
In 2009, Metrocities Mortgage, LLC took the name Prospect Mortgage, LLC, uniting most of its divisions under one name. Prospect Mortgage, LLC operates as Prospect Lending, LLC in NY.
In the annual "Mortgage Executive Magazine" list of the top 100 closely held mortgage companies, Prospect Mortgage ranked 4th in 2012, with an estimated volume of nearly $8 billion and 31,000 loans.
The company consistently ranks second nationwide in 203K renovation loan origination. 

</doc>
<doc id="18441868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441868" title="Gooflumps">
Gooflumps

Gooflumps is the name given to a two-part parody series written in 1995 by Robert Hughes under the pseudonym of R. U. Slime.
Overview.
The series consisted of two books that were parodies of the famous "Goosebumps" series, by R. L. Stine. Both books were released simultaneously in 1995 by Random House, Inc. Both books are now out of print, but can be found on Amazon.com. Although originally released exclusively in the United States and Canada, thanks to the internet, the books are being sold in other countries for the first time.
The books.
Both books are not linked in their storylines, but both books featured three taglines on their covers:
Despite the similarity in writing and the title spoofs, the books were not actual parodies of any particular "Goosebumps" books, instead parodying the writing-style of R. L. Stine.
"Stay Out of the Bathroom (Gooflumps Book 2 ½)".
This book's title is a parody of "Stay Out of the Basement", although the book itself is more similar to Let's Get Invisible!. "Stay out of the Bathroom" centers on a young boy named Joe Kohler, a self-proclaimed "toilet king" who begins to experience strange things going on with his toilet, such as the lid slamming down on his head while he is vomiting, the toilet refusing to flush, and a trail of missing people leading directly to his bathroom. He soon discovers that the toilet is actually a teleportation device for sinister aliens visiting the Earth.
"Eat Cheese and Barf! (Gooflumps Book 4 ½)".
This book has a title which is a parody of "Say Cheese and Die!", although the plot is more similar to Monster Blood. "Eat Cheese and Barf!" involves a young lactose-intolerant boy named Billy Fudder whose family has moved from Syracuse, New York to the rural town of Bledsoe, New York after inheriting a farm from his grandfather. The town thrives on the production of dairy products, which clearly irritates Billy, as he is the only lactose-intolerant boy in the city. However, this boring town houses a secret, beneath his home is a creature made entirely of Cottage cheese created by his grandfather, who was actually insane. His sister's one-armed boyfriend Armand the farmhand and his talking dairy cow Martha try to help them find a way to stop the monster while he and his friend Fannie arrive at the local carnival where it has been released.

</doc>
<doc id="18441873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441873" title="Beverley Rural District">
Beverley Rural District

Beverley was a rural district in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England from 1894 to 1974.
The district surrounded but did not include Beverley, which formed a municipal borough.
The district was created by the Local Government Act 1894. It picked up part of Cottingham Urban District and Sculcoates Rural District when they were abolished in 1935 by a County Review Order made under the Local Government Act 1929. At the same time it was enlarged by the transfer of parts of Howden Rural District and reduced as other parts of the district were transferred to Kingston upon Hull municipal borough.
In 1974 the district was abolished. Its former area was combined with the borough of Beverley and Haltemprice Urban District to form an enlarged Beverley borough in the county of Humberside. Today the area forms part of the East Riding of Yorkshire district.

</doc>
<doc id="18441874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441874" title="Norfolk, New Zealand">
Norfolk, New Zealand

Norfolk is a locality in Taranaki, in the North Island of New Zealand. It is located on State Highway 3, about 5.5 kilometres south-east of Inglewood and 10.5 km north-west of Midhirst. 
Education.
Norfolk School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a decile rating of 8 and a roll of 132. The school celebrated its 125th jubilee in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18441883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441883" title="WPCA">
WPCA

WPCA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18441892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441892" title="Southern Oregon Raiders football">
Southern Oregon Raiders football

The Southern Oregon University Raiders football team is a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics and is beginning its second season in the Frontier Conference after sharing the title in its first season. Southern Oregon's first football team was fielded in 1927. The team plays its home games at Raider Stadium, in Ashland, Oregon.
History.
The Raiders played their first game on November 5, 1927 against Lewis & Clark College, which they won 24–0. The other two games played that season were against rivals Western Oregon and Humboldt State.
The Raiders first tasted sustained success under head coach Al Akins. During Akins' 15 years as the Raiders' head coach, Southern Oregon was conference champions seven times (either outright or co-champions). 18 years after Akins' last season, the Raiders experienced their first postseason, defeating Central Washington in the first round of the NAIA playoffs and losing to Mesa State in the quarterfinals. The Raiders found even greater success during the 2001 and 2002 seasons, reaching the quarterfinals of the NAIA playoffs each year. Although, in both years, Southern Oregon lost to Carroll College, neither game was decided by more than four points.
In June 2008, Southern Oregon was seeking to move up to NCAA Division II as the Great Northwest Athletic Conference has only nine teams after Seattle University moved up to Division I. The University is currently a member of the NAIA and an affiliate member of the Frontier Conference for football while being a member of the Cascade Collegiate Conference for all other sports. It has been reported that the move to NCAA may take years to complete.
In November 2010, Steve Helminiak was fired as head coach at Southern Oregon. He was replaced by Craig Howard, a high school football coach from Florida. Howard is best known for being the head coach of Tim Tebow at Nease High School in St Augustine, Florida.
Rivalry with Western Oregon.
Beginning in 1927, the Western Oregon Wolves and the Southern Oregon Raiders have played 71 games against each other, more than any other opponent either school has faced. Due to the number of times the teams have met some have chosen to refer to the game as the "little civil war". This is in reference to the civil war game played between the state's two NCAA BCS schools, the University of Oregon and Oregon State University. However, the competition between the two squads is not nearly as heated as their division one counterparts, as Southern Oregon has not won since 1998 and holds a 26–44–1 all-time record against the Wolves. SOU has not defeated Western Oregon since WOU made the jump to NCAA Division II.
Championships.
Conference championships.
Southern Oregon has won a combined 13 conference championships. The Raiders won the Far West Conference three times, the Oregon Collegiate Conference six times, NAIA District II once, the Columbia Football Association Mount Hood League once, and NAIA Independents once and the Frontier Conference once.
Conference affiliations

</doc>
<doc id="18441901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441901" title="Central Lakes State Trail">
Central Lakes State Trail

The Central Lakes State Trail is a paved recreational rail trail in central Minnesota, USA, running along a former Burlington Northern Railroad line. The trail is marked with mileposts every mile, corresponding with the mile markers of the former railroad line. Snowmobile use is allowed on the trail in winter, conditions permitting.
Description of the trail.
The trail begins in Osakis at the western end of the Lake Wobegon Trail and runs parallel to Interstate 94 before ending in Fergus Falls. This trail passes through the towns of Nelson, Alexandria, Garfield, Brandon, Evanston, Melby, Ashby, and Dalton. The Central Lakes and Lake Wobegon trails combine for a continuous trail.

</doc>
<doc id="18441906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441906" title="A.A.C. Eagles">
A.A.C. Eagles

A.A.C. Eagles is an American amateur soccer team based in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Founded in 1940, the team plays in Region II of the United States Adult Soccer Association, a network of amateur leagues at the fifth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid. 
The team's colors are red and white.
History.
The Eagles were formed as an ethnic Polish club by immigrants to the Chicago area in 1940. Originally known as the Polish American Athletic Club Eagles (PAAC Eagles), the team first played in the National Soccer League of Chicago, and played under that name until 1950, when the team became officially known as the Chicago Eagles. Since then the team has been known by various names, swapping between its earlier names (PAAC Eagles, Chicago Eagles), and newer variants (Chicago American Eagles, Polish Eagles), before settling on its current incarnation in the mid-1990s. The Eagles currently play in the Metropolitan Soccer League, which is a member of the United States Adult Soccer Association Region II group of leagues.
The Eagles have a long and distinguished history of competing in the National Challenge Cup. Having already reached the final stages of the competition during its early years in 1948 and 1949, the Eagles reached the semi-finals in 1989, losing on penalties to eventual winners St. Petersburg Kickers, and won the tournament in 1990 in the pre-MLS era, beating the Brooklyn Italians 2-0 in the final thanks to goals from Jan Kiaca and Peter Modrzejewski. Their win in the competition also gave them entry to the 1991 CONCACAF Champions' Cup, where they lost 4-1 on aggregate in the first round to Bermudian club PHC Zebras.
The Eagles qualified for the cup again in 1994, the last all-amateur competition prior to the entrance of teams from Major League Soccer, but lost 2-1 to Bavarian Leinenkugel in the quarter finals. Since the introduction of professional teams into the cup the Eagles have not fared as well. They lost in the first round to the Chicago Stingers in 1995, lost in the first round again in 2002 to New York Freedom, and lost in the first round for a third time in 2005, this time falling 4-1 to USL Premier Development League side Chicago Fire Premier. 
In 2008 the club qualified for their fourth modern US Open Cup, beating the Milwaukee Bavarians and Des Moines Menace Reserves in their regional qualification tournament, but lost 4-0 in the first round to the Pittsburgh Riverhounds of the USL Second Division.
In addition to their USOC triumph in 1990, the Eagles won the USASA Open Cup in 1989 and 2002. They are nine-time Illinois state champions, eleven-time Metropolitan Soccer League Major Division champions, and also sponsored the Chicago Eagles Select which briefly played in the USL Premier Development League in 2001 and 2002.
Players.
Current roster.
"Source: [http://aaceagles.futbolowo.pl/aaceagles/menu,4,58,kadra.html]"

</doc>
<doc id="18441910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441910" title="Bay to Bay yacht race">
Bay to Bay yacht race

The Bay to Bay trailable yacht race is an annual sailing event held on the first weekend in May each year, in the Great Sandy National Park. The race is sailed from Tin Can Bay, at the southern end of the Great Sandy Strait, and Hervey Bay, at the northern end, with an overnight stop at Garry's Anchorage, Fraser Island. The race is Queensland’s largest yacht race and the second largest in Australia, although it is limited to between 200 and 250 competitors for navigational safety. Because of the shallow depth of some sections of the course, the event is limited to trailer sailers of both mono and multihull types.
History.
The Bay to Bay race was originally conceived by members of the Hervey Bay Sailing Club on 18 April 1980. Originally suggested as a one-day trailer yacht race from Tin Can Bay to Hervey Bay, the course length of saw it modified to a two-day event, with an overnight stop at Garry's Anchorage on Fraser Island. Although it was originally thought that no more than 30 people would participate in the race, over 114 vessels arrived to compete.
Following the success of the first event, word spread through the sailing community. Conditions have varied from year to year, with heavy winds (causing equipment failure), to light winds (resulting in a shortening of the course) to heavy flooding (preventing competitors from being able to access Tin Can Bay).
Eligibility.
Yacht eligibility includes; Type 1 Trailable Monohull Boats, Type 2 Sports Trailable Monohull Boats, Type 3 Open Class Trailable Monohull Boats, and Type 4 Trailable Multihull Boats.
All boats shall be:
All boats must comply with the requirements of all relevant government authorities including Queensland Transport Operations Marine Safety Regulations for smooth and partially smooth waters and Queensland Transport Marine Pollution Regulations for the Great Sandy Strait (discharge of raw sewage is not permitted in the Great Sandy Strait). Barbecues, toilets, and entertainment are provided at Garry's anchorage on the Saturday night, but competitors are expected to carry sufficient food, water and fuel to cater for extreme conditions.
Racing.
The race is conducted in a number of divisions with separate start times; generally the slowest start first. On the first day, the first competitors will start at 1100hrs from the Tin Can Bay yacht club, sail down the Tin Can Bay inlet, cross behind the Wide Bay Bar onto the inside of Fraser Island, then head along the island shore to Fig Tree Creek, just south of Garry's Anchorage; a destination they need to reach before 1630hrs. During the night, yachts are either beached or rafted together in the inlet. The second days race starts usually at 0730 hrs (but can commence up to an hour earlier depending on conditions), with competitors heading north up the Straits, past the sorus pile marking the channel to the Mary River, past White-cliffs and the sand banks, up the east side of Woody Island, out to the fairway mark before rounding and proceeding up the inside of Woody Island to the finish line at Datum Point before 1600hrs. Trophies are presented and yachts recovered at the Hervey Bay Boat Club, on Urangan Boat Harbour.
Divisions and handicapping.
Approximate Anticipated Division Groupings are;
Within the fleet if a minimum number of any particular boat class are entered, then an additional class trophy is also raced for.
Handicapping, the committee applies two different handicaps to each yacht, the CBH and the PBH. The class based handicap is a measure of the boats class and design rules, where a boat does not have an established CBH the Race Committee with measurement information provided at entry, will establish an appropriate one. The PBH is measure of the capability of a particular boat and crew combination, these in theory give all competitors an equal chance of winning. PBH are often established at a boats home club, however the Race Committee has much experience of the course and the way certain boats perform on it, and issue their own Handicaps for the race.

</doc>
<doc id="18441939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441939" title="Zana Krasniqi">
Zana Krasniqi

Zana Krasniqi (born September 13, 1988 in Pristina) is a beauty queen, fashion model, and Miss Universe Kosovo. She represented Kosovo for the first time in Miss Universe and placed in the Top 10 of the Miss Universe 2008.
Personal life.
Zana Krasniqi comes from a background of entertainers including her father Naim Krasniqi, a singer in Kosovo. On April 4, 2008, Fadil Berisha, the photographer of Miss Universe’s official photos, hosted the inaugural "Miss Universe Kosova" pageant where Krasniqi was crowned and represented Kosovo in the Miss Universe pageant.
Zana was trained by photographer Fadil Berisha. who worked with the Miss Universe organization, and is a fellow Kosovar Albanian. Her interests include singing, performing and modelling. Her career ambition is to be a fashion designer.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="18441946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441946" title="Wash load">
Wash load

Wash load is the portion of sediment that is carried by a fluid flow, usually in a river, such that it always remains close the free surface (near the top of the flow in a river). It is in near-permanent suspension and is transported without deposition, essentially passing straight through the stream. It consists of the finest particles and can be defined by having a Rouse number of <0.8, meaning that the turbulent mixing velocity is far greater than the settling velocity.
Composition.
The composition of wash load is distinct because it is almost entirely made up of grains that are only found in small quantities in the bed. Wash load grains tend to be very small (mostly clays & silts but some fine sands) and therefore have a small settling velocity, being kept in suspension by the flow turbulence.
Velocity.
Wash load is carried within the water column as part of the flow, and therefore moves with the mean flow velocity of main stream. Because there is little or no interaction with the bed, the particles extract only negligible momentum from the flow.

</doc>
<doc id="18441954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441954" title="Thematic transformation">
Thematic transformation

Thematic transformation (also known as thematic metamorphosis or thematic development) is a technique of where a leitmotif, or theme, is developed by changing the theme by using Permutation (Transposition or Modulation, Inversion, and Retrograde), Augmentation, Diminution, and Fragmentation. It was primarily developed by Franz Liszt and his good friend Hector Berlioz. The technique is essentially one of variation. A basic theme is reprised throughout a musical work, but it undergoes constant transformations and disguises and is made to appear in several contrasting roles. However, the transformations of this theme will always serve the purpose of "unity within variety" that was the architectural role of sonata form in the classical symphony. The difference here is that thematic transformation can accommodate the dramatically charged phrases, highly colored melodies and atmospheric harmonies favored by the Romantic composers, whereas sonata form was geared more toward the more objective characteristics of absolute music. Also, while thematic transformation is similar to variation, the effect is usually different since the transformed theme has a life of its own and is no longer a sibling to the original theme.
Development.
Liszt was not the first composer to use thematic transformation. Ludwig van Beethoven had already used thematic transformation in his Fifth Symphony, and Ninth Symphony, where the "Ode to Joy" theme is transformed at one point into a Turkish march, complete with cymbals and drums. Franz Schubert used metamorphosis to bind together the four movements of his "Wanderer Fantasy", a work which influenced Liszt greatly. However, Liszt perfected the technique by creating entire structures from metamorphosis alone. He may have already had experience in metamorphosing themes into various shapes in his early operatic fantasies and improvisations and been also led to this practice by the monothematicism Liszt employed in many of his original works, including most of the Transcendental Etudes.
Controversy.
Conservative critics in Liszt's time viewed thematic transformation as merely a substitution of repetition for the musical development demanded by sonata form. However, the evocative, atmospheric melodies which Romantic composers such as Liszt tended to prefer left him little choice. These melodies, complete in themselves, already bore all the emotion and musical interest which they could hold; therefore, they could not be developed any further. The only apparent course open was to substitute a form of repetition for true development—in other words, to say in a different way what had already been said and trust the beauty and significance of what are fundamentally variations to supply the place of the development section demanded by sonata form. Moreover, Liszt's own view of repetition was more positive than that of his critics. He wrote, "It is a mistake to regard repetition as a poverty of invention. From the standpoint of the public it is indispensable for the understanding of the thought, while from the standpoint of Art it is almost identical with the demands of clarity, structure, and effectiveness."
Legacy.
In perfecting this compositional method, Liszt made what some critics consider a lasting contribution to the history of musical form since thematic transformation became a regular part of later 19th-century music, especially at the hands of Liszt's followers. Liszt authority Humphrey Searle points out that "the serial methods of Schönberg, for instance, use precisely the methods of Liszt's thematic transformation within the framework of an entirely different language." Richard Wagner, Gustav Holst, and John Williams heavily used thematic transformation in their compositions. Thematic transformation is used widely today in film scores such as in "Up" where the character themes have as many as four variations throughout the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="18441974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441974" title="Tibbetibaba">
Tibbetibaba

Tibbetibaba , Hindi:तिब्बती बाबा, also known as Mahasadhak Tibbetibaba or Paramhamsa Tibbetibaba, alternative spellings Tibbatibaba, Tibbati Baba, Tibbeti Baba,Tibbotibaba or Tibboti Baba ("Tibetan Baba" or the Monk from Tibet, when translated into English.)() originally named Nabin Chattopadhhyaya or Nabin or Nabin Chandra, (died 19 November 1930) was a famous Bengali philosopher saint. He was one of the few saints in India whose life was an amalgamation of the Advaita Vedanta doctrine of Hinduism and Mahayana Buddhist doctrine. Swami Vivekananda was an ardent believer of Vedanta as well as a great admirer of Gautama Buddha. Vivekananda had called Buddha the ideal Karma yogi. Tibbetibaba was a master of all the eight "siddhis" and supposedly had remarkable healing powers. Even though he was master of all the "siddhis", he was not personally interested in using them.
Biography.
There were many incidents and events that had taken place in the life of Tibbetibaba (died 19 November 1930). Many events have been recorded in writing by his devotees and disciples and some have not been recorded. Broadly speaking, there are two views regarding events and incidents that had taken place in Tibbetibaba's life. The first view is propounded in books like "Bharater Sadhak O Sadhika" and "Bharater Sadhak – Sadhika." The second view is propounded in biographical books( 'Tibbatibabar Parichay' and 'Paramhamsa Tibbati Babar Smriti Katha') written by Tibbetibaba's disciples like Kunjeshwar Misra and Akhandananda Brahmachari. Since the books written by Kunjeshwar Misra and Akhandananda Brahmachari have been published by Tibbati Baba Vedanta Ashram (Address - 76/3, Taantipara Lane, P.O. Santragachi, Howrah – 711,104, West Bengal, India), therefore, the view of the second school seems more authentic.
However, the events connected with the life of Tibbetibaba at Palitpur Ashram at Palitpur village (at Burdwan, India), events in other parts of undivided India and Afghanistan, his philosophy, spiritual powers and his teachings seem completely authentic. So views of the former school are given together with the latter school.
First view.
This view regarding the events and incidents that had taken place in Tibbetibaba's life is propounded in "Bharater Sadhak O Sadhika" and "Bharater Sadhak – Sadhika".
Early life.
Nabin Chandra was born to a Bengali Rarhi Brahmin family. His father was a Tantra yogi who had settled in Assam. While his mother was a Shaivite (a devotee of Shiva). It is said that he did not remember the year, date and month of his birth. His father had died when he was very young. So his mother had to bear great hardships to bring him up.
From his childhood Nabin Chandra had keen interest in nature and used to think about the Maker of this world. But his ideas about the Maker did not tally with his late father's or mother's concept of God. His idea was that God must be very different from what common men and women think Him or Her to be.
Sannyasa.
As years passed by, Nabin Chandra entered into the world of teenage. His ideas about God became even more profound. One night, on the occasion of Shivratri festival, he had a brief quarrel regarding God. Consequently, he left his home in search of the person who had created this world.
Ayodhya.
After leaving his home, Nabin Chandra met a group of pilgrims in an inn. The destination of the group was Ayodhya, the birthplace of Lord Rama. Nabin Chandra had made up his mind to become "sanyasi" (a wandering monk) in search of god. He requested the pilgrims to take him with them. The group members agreed and soon began Nabin Chandra’s long journey from Assam to Ayodhya. When the group reached Ayodhya, the members except Nabin Chandra began to pay reverence to Lord Rama.
Nabin Chandra's mind was engrossed somewhere else. His concept of God was of indeterminate type, unlike deities like Rama, Shiva and others. So one day he quietly left the group. After crossing the Sarayu River, he headed towards the north. He finally reached Nepal.
Nepal.
In Nepal, Nabin Chandra met an unknown Hindu monk who was living in a hut near a river. He began living with the monk. One winter night he expressed to him his desire of acquiring the knowledge of God. The monk asked him to immediately take a dip in the river. After taking a dip in the river he approached the monk and was made a disciple. The monk explained that Nabin had to make an all-out effort to acquire the knowledge of God. He asked Nabin Chandra about his favourite object of love at his home. Nabin Chandra replied that he loved his lamb very dearly. As he was just a teenager, so his guru asked him to meditate on the favourite object of his love i.e. the lamb.
After some years of rigorous meditation Nabin Chandra, finally attained "samādhi" (super-concentration). Thus he acquired the knowledge of Brahman in animals (which according to Advaita Vedanta Brahman is present even in animals). This type of knowledge corresponded to knowledge of Saguna Brahman.
Manasarovar, Tibet.
After attaining knowledge of Brahman in animals, Nabin Chandra headed for Manasarovar Lake in Tibet. He finally managed to reach there, unmindful of the obstacles that he had encountered during his journey from Nepal to Mansarovar Lake in Tibet.
Having reached the lake, he chose a cave near the lake and began meditating on God. He desired to have vision of Brahman (Indeterminate and attributeless God according to Hinduism). Even after meditating for many days he could finally only see darkness as the object of his vision.
Suddenly one day he saw a Tibetan Buddhist "lama" standing on the entrance of the cave. He thought that perhaps God has sent the person to assist him in his aim of God-realisation. So he earnestly requested the Lama to make him his disciple and help him in realising the knowledge of God.
The Tibetan Buddhist "lama" agreed to make Nabin his disciple but explained that he did not know the Advaita method of spiritual practice. Since he was a Mahayana monk, he could only teach him Mahayana method of spiritual practice. Nabin Chandra explained that knowledge of Brahman according to Advaita principles is equivalent to "nirvana" of Buddhism and so he was willing to become his disciple. So under the guidance of the lama, Nabin Chandra learned spiritual practices and beliefs. Now it became easier for him to meditate on Nirguna Brahman (God who is infinite and without attributes). But he realised that by first meditating on Saguna Brahman (God with attributes) he could easily concentrate his mind on Nirguna Brahman (God without attributes). With the change in technique he finally realised his cherished dream of attaining the knowledge of Nirguna Brahman.
Wanderings.
Having realised the knowledge of Brahman, Nabin Chandra decided to come down to the plains and wander, following the ideal of his Tibetan Mahayana guru of alleviating the pains and sufferings of the people of the world and inspire them to tread the path of salvation.
Nabin Chandra travelled far and wide spanning the length and breadth of India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Afghanistan and Myanmar, enjoying the indescribable beauty of the Nirguna Brahman who manifests all beings of this world. Like his ideal, Lord Buddha, he alleviated the sufferings of distressed beings. He followed Lord Buddha’s path of love, non-violence and compassion for all living beings, enjoying the presence of Brahman in all beings at the same time. Such was his love for Lord Buddha that he used to keep an idol of Lord Buddha beside him whenever he went to sleep.
Kanpur.
Kanpur was an important centre of resistance during Indian Rebellion of 1857 (also known as the First War of Indian Independence and the Sepoy Mutiny). Revolt broke out on June 1857 and Nana Sahib was declared as the Peshwa of Kanpur. The rebels defeated General Hugh Wheeler outside the city. But after a pitched battle Sir Colin Campbell recaptured Kanpur on December 1857. Nana Sahib and his Lieutenant, Tantiya Tope, escaped the city. Now the British ire was directed against the common people of Kanpur. Atrocities began to be committed against the masses. Even innocent men and women were not spared. Many people were being imprisoned in the prison-houses. Wandering from place to place, Nabin Chandra appeared in Kanpur. He was pained to see the people of Kanpur being oppressed by the British soldiers and officers. He decided to intervene. He introduced himself as a monk from Tibet (as he had secured spiritual Enlightenment in Tibet) and asked a British officer to stop oppressing the innocent people. But his request went unheeded. Consequently he had to use his spiritual power to temporarily weaken the soldiers under the British officer. Now the officer had to heed to his request. Nabin Chandra also met the senior officer posted in the city and voluntarily got himself imprisoned to check how the prisoners were being treated. Finally the senior military officer realised his mistake and ordered the release of Nabin Chandra and other prisoners who were with him. Nabin Chandra also got an assurance that innocent people would not be punished by the British military officers and soldiers under them. At this the released prisoners and the people present at the scene hailed Nabin Chandra as their saviour and coined the name Tibbetibaba for him.
Revisit to Nepal.
He is among the very few saints in India who have made their soul to permanently or temporarily enter into another human body. According to Hinduism any living human being soul can enter the body of another living or dead human being. This fact is supported by Swami Vivekananda in his book - 'Raj-Yoga or Conquering The Internal Nature'. This can be done when one meditates on the body which is to entered.
Another known saint said to have achieved the feat is Adi Shankara. He did it when Ubhaya Bharati, the wife of Mandana Mishra, challenged him to have a debate on the "science of sex-love". So to learn the practical aspects of love-making, he entered his soul into the body of a dead king for period of one month. Consequently Ubhaya Bharati was forced to accept defeat.
In Hinduism it is held that birth and death is like changing one’s cloth. Birth occurs when a soul enters a new body. When the soul discards the body the incident is called death.
When after wandering for many years, he found that his body has grown weak; he decided to enter his soul into the body of a Tibetan Buddhist monk. The Tibetan Buddhist monk (Lama) had just entered into the state of Parinirvana.
After getting the new body (the body of the Lama) he resumed his wanderings and began making disciples.
Second view.
This is the view as propounded in the biographical books ("Tibbatibabar Parichay" and "Paramhamsa Tibbati Babar Smriti Katha") written by Tibbetibaba's disciples like Kunjeshwar Misra and Akhandananda Brahmachari.
Early life.
Tibbetibaba was born in Sylhet (Srihatta), Bangladesh. His original name was Nabin (Nabin Chattopadhyaya according to Kunjeshwar Misra). He was the sixth child of his family. His father and mother were great devotees of lord Shiva. His father died when he was very young.
Nabin (Nabin Chattopadhyaya) did his early education from his village school. Right from his childhood he was spiritually inclined. At the age of thirteen years, he decided to leave his home to pursue his quest for the knowledge of God.
Search for a Guru.
Nabin visited many places like Gaya, Ayodhya and Vrindavan in search of a guru. But he could not find anyone who could be his Guru. Next he went to Amarnath shrine in Kashmir. There he met a monk who advised him to go to Tibet where his desire of finding a Guru would be fulfilled. But he also said that if he went through Nepal, then his journey would be less straining. For entering Tibet via Nepal he (Nabin) would require the permission of the king of Nepal. The monk then told Nabin to first visit the Prime Minister of Nepal who was well acquainted with him (the monk). The Prime Minister would then take him (Nabin) to the king and then he would not find it difficult to get permission to go to Tibet.
Nepal.
From Amarnath, Nabin went to Nepal. After visiting many temples and other places, he finally met the Prime Minister of Nepal. He told the Prime Minister about his spiritual thirst and the message sent by the monk he met at Amarnath. The Prime Minister took him to the King of Nepal.
The King was amazed at the spiritual thirst of such a young teenaged boy and he promptly gave him (Nabin) permission to go to Tibet via Nepal. He also gave a letter to him to be given to a Lama known to him (the King).
Tibet.
Nabin (Tibbetibaba) entered into Tibet with a group Tibetan businessmen. In Tibet he did not find it difficult to find the Lama recommended by the King of Nepal.
The lama agreed to make Nabin his disciple. He asked him whether he remembered anyone at his home. Nabin fondly remembered his buffalo. Now the Lama asked him to meditate on the image of buffalo in his mind. Thus began Nabin’s meditation and after intense meditation for one year, he attained "Nirvikalpa samādhi" of Saguna Brahman (God with attributes).
The lama was amazed at the achievement of attaining "samadhi" at such a young age. He then took Nabin to a famed lama named Paramananda Thakkar. Paramananda was a very great lama of Tibet and had reached the acme of Advaita Vedanta, tantra and Mahayana Buddhism. The Lama requested that Paramananda make Nabin his disciple. Paramananda agreed to give shelter to Nabin, but did not immediately make Nabin his disciple. Nabin had to first prove his worth. So Nabin selflessly served his new master for a few years. Finally Paramananda was pleased with Nabin’s service and made him his disciple.
Under Paramananda, Nabin rigorously followed the principles of yoga, tantra, Advaita Vedanta and Mahayana Buddhism for six years and reached great heights of these doctrines. He finally attained "Nirvikalpa samadhi" of Nirguna Brahman (God without attributes) and his childhood dream of gaining knowledge of Indeterminate God was fulfilled.
Now Nabin’s guru asked him to visit other places of Tibet to gain perfection in spiritual knowledge. So Nabin embarked upon visiting other places of Tibet. His fame and respect as spiritually accomplished person grew in whole Tibet and began to be respected as a great person. Nabin stayed in Tibet for forty years, during which he learned many healing techniques from many lamas and old Tibetan medical texts.
Wanderings.
Having stayed in Tibet for a long time, Nabin decided to visit other parts of the world. Starting from the Chang Tang region of Tibet; he began his long journey of visiting places like China, Mongolia, Russia (Siberia region and Myanmar. He was well received everywhere and his respect as a healer and spiritually accomplished many grew manifold. He became literate in the languages of the countries he visited. Among the foreign languages known by him were: English, Mandarin, Tibetan, Russian, Mongolian, Burmese.
He next entered into India and visited many places. When the Buddhist monks of Myanmar came to know about his long stay and accomplishments in Tibet, they coined the name Tibbetibaba for him. 
On his second visit to Myanmar, with the permission of the King and Queen of Myanmar, who were his great devotees, he transmigrated his soul into the body of the dead prince of Myanmar. This was done because his original body had grown weak and feeble on account of old age.According to Hinduism any living human being soul can enter the body of another living or dead human being. This fact is supported by Swami Vivekananda in his book - 'Raj-Yoga or Conquering The Internal Nature'. This can be done when one meditates on the body which is to entered.
Ashrams.
Two ashrams were established – one at Dalal Pukur locality of Santragachi area of Howrah city, India and another at Palitpur village of Burdwan district, India.
Howrah ashram.
In November 1929 (2nd Agrahayana of Bengali calendar 1336) an ashram was established at Santragachhi in Howrah, India by Tibbetibaba. Land for the ashram was bought by a man named Bishnupada Chattopadhyaya (later known as Bhooan Swami). The first brick for the ashram was laid by Tibbetibaba himself. Later, more land for the ashram was bought by a man from Entally area of Kolkata.
This ashram was given the name Tibbetibaba Vedanta Ashram by his devotees and disciples. It is commonly referred to as Tibbetibaba (Tibbati Baba) Ashram by the common people of Dalal Pukur area. Tibbatibaba Lane, beside Dalal Pukur (a large pond of the area), is named after the saint.
Palitpur ashram.
The Palitpur ashram is located at Palitpur village in Burdwan, West Bengal, India. Land for ashram was donated by Bhootnath Ta. He was also assisted by Dharma Das and some of friends in his efforts to get the ashram constructed. This ashram was given the name of "Pragya Mandir" (Temple of Consciousness).
On 19 November 1930 (Corresponding date, month and year of Bengali calendar: 2nd Ogrohayon, 1337),after midnight he died at this ashram. Later his Samādhi (tomb) was built here. 
The ashram also has Samādhi (tomb) of Soham Swami,his disciple.
Healing powers.
He had remarkable healing powers. His healing powers (combined with his knowledge of innumerable herbs and animal products) alleviated the diseases and physical problems of many people.
The first lessons of the art of healing were learnt from Dindayal Upadhyaya of Gaya, who was an Ayurvedic practitioner. Further knowledge and techniques of healing were learnt from the Lamas and the Buddhist Tantrics of Tibet.
Notable disciples.
His admirers, disciples and devotees ranged from undivided India to Afghanistan, Russia, Tibet, China, Mongolia, Japan and Myanmar(Burma). Some of his famous disciples were:
Philosophy.
The philosophy of Tibbetibaba has been well explained in the following books: "Bharater Sadhak O Sadhika", “Bharater Sadhak – Sadhika”, "Tibbatibabar Parichay'”, and "Paramhamsa Tibbati Babar Smriti Katha."
Tibbetibaba aspired and practised Mahayana doctrine and the Advaita Vedanta doctrine at the same time. The Universalism of Mahayana ideal helped him to reach the infinite world of knowledge of Brahman of Advaita Vedanta. He had said that the experience of knowing Brahman can also make a person to realise the Universalism of the Mahayana doctrine. It helps a person to embrace the whole world.
According to him when the believers of Advaita Vedanta attain success in their endeavour of knowing Brahman then the name differences (Nama Bheda), visual perception differences (Rupa Bheda) and the differences in attributes (Guna Bheda) of the world slowly vanish for the yogi. In other words homogeneous differences (Sajatiya Bheda), heterogeneous differences (Vijatiya Bheda) and internal differences (Svagata Bheda) slowly disappear. Then it becomes say for the believer to easily love any living being. This can easily help in transmitting Buddha's message of love, compassion, goodwill and non-violence to any living being, even to wild and ferocious animals.
He stressed the fact that one gains the knowledge of atman (soul) by great efforts. Atman is self-illuminating and of the nature of true knowledge. Attaining Nirvana is equivalent to knowing the Atman. By knowing the Atman all animate as well as inanimate things can be known. Without knowing the Atman the perception of differences cannot vanish fully and consequently one finds it difficult to fully show compassion and love towards all living-beings.
He also said that the Upanishads declare that there is nothing beyond the Atman and Paramatma (God) is the highest manifestation of Atman.
Buddha means 'The Enlightened One.' Buddha identified oneself with everyone in this world. A Soham Swami or Paramahamsa (According to Advaita Vedanta any person who reaches the pinnacle of spirituality is known as Soham Swami or Paramahamsa) also does the same. Thus we find that Advaita Vedanta and Mahayana doctrine may have differences, but, they also have similarities. The similarities are with regard to the nature of truth and truth is universal.
There is no great difference Brahman or Paramatma of Vedanta and Universalism of Mahayana doctrine. Lord Buddha had told,"As a mother, even at the risk of her life, protects her son; so let him who has recognised the truth, cultivate goodwill among all beings without measure." This kindness is without any obstacles, hatred and enmity in the mind. This type of attitude is to be found in Advaita Vedanta also. It is known as Brahman (Brahma) Vihara (Brahma Vihara is living and moving and having one's happiness in the attitude of Brahman). So Brahman Vihara is equivalent to Buddha's infinite friendly attitude, goodwill and compassion towards all living-beings.
Tibbetibaba knew the similarities and dissimilarities between Mahayana doctrine and Advaita Vedanta doctrine, but he laid stress on the similarities. He led a life based on the similarities.
Another aspect of Tibbetibaba's philosophy was public service. He engaged in public service by giving good suggestions to all and by practising his healing powers.
References.
Page available [http://www.sacw.net/DC/CommunalismCollection/ArticlesArchive/bhagatSinghATHIEST.html]
India (edition: 1985). p. 357. Page available: [http://www.google.co.in/books?id=WrUcAAAAMAAJ&q=soham+swami&dq=soham+swami&lr=&pgis=1]

</doc>
<doc id="18441977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441977" title="Ornate spider monkey">
Ornate spider monkey

The ornate spider monkey ("Ateles geoffroyi ornatus"), is a subspecies of Geoffroy's spider monkey, a type of New World monkey, from Central America, native to Costa Rica and Panama. Other common names for this subspecies include the brilliant spider monkey, the common spider monkey, the red spider monkey, the Panama spider monkey, and the Azuero spider monkey, the latter two of which were previously thought to be distinct subspecies "panamensis" and "azuerensis", respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18441982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441982" title="Main Tapal Empat">
Main Tapal Empat

Main tapal empat is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Malaysia. It is a hunt game, and specifically a tiger hunt game (or tiger game) since it uses an Alquerque board. The interesting aspect about this hunt game is that the tigers are able to move as many spaces as they can in a straight line as long as the path is clear. Most hunt games have tigers, leopards, or foxes moving only one space at a time. In effect, the tigers in this game have the movement capability of the Queen in Chess. 
Goal.
The tigers capture as many goats as possible so that the goats cannot surround and block the tigers' movements.
The goats attempt to surround the tigers and block their movements.
Equipment.
The game uses an Alquerque board. There are 2 tigers, and 18 goats represented by black and white pieces respectively, however, any two colors or distinguishable objects will suffice. 
Rules and game play.
1. Players decide who will play the tigers and the goats.
2. The two tigers are placed on any two vacant points on the central square of the Alquerque board. The goats are set beside the board in the beginning.
3. Goats are dropped on the board one piece per turn on any vacant intersection point on the board. They cannot move until all 18 goats are dropped on the board which requires 18 turns. However, tigers can move right from the beginning on their turn, and start capturing goats.
4. The goat player starts first, and drops his or her first goat on any vacant intersection point on the board. Players alternate their turns.
5. Tigers move following the pattern on the board. Tigers can move (in any available direction) as far as they want on a straight line as long as the path is unoccupied onto a vacant intersection point. Only one tiger may be moved in a turn. Alternatively, the tiger can capture a goat.
6. Tigers can capture by the short leap as in draughts and Alquerque. The leap can only be done if the tiger is already adjacent to the goat at the beginning of its turn. The tiger cannot move and then leap. The tiger must either move or leap on its turn. The tiger leaps over the adjacent goat, and lands on a vacant intersection point immediately beyond. The leap must follow the pattern on the board, and it must be done in a straight line. Only one goat may be captured in a turn, and is removed from the board. Captures are not compulsory. 
7. Goats move following the pattern on the board. Only one goat may be moved per turn. A goat moves (in any available direction) along a marked line onto a vacant adjacent intersection point.
Strategy.
Goats will generally give up when their numbers are reduced to 10 pieces as there are not enough of them to effectively immobilize the tigers. 

</doc>
<doc id="18441988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18441988" title="Baby Vox Re.V (album)">
Baby Vox Re.V (album)

Baby Vox Re.V is Baby Vox Re.V's debut Korean language album.

</doc>
<doc id="18442007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442007" title="Christmas (Jimmy Eat World EP)">
Christmas (Jimmy Eat World EP)

Christmas is a two-track EP released by Jimmy Eat World in 2004. It was released exclusively via iTunes.

</doc>
<doc id="18442016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442016" title="I Married...">
I Married...

I Married... is an American reality television series that aired on VH1. The series aired sporadically for seven episodes between 2003 and 2005.
Overview.
"I Married..." chronicles various celebrity marriages and the ups and downs fame created for the couples. Couples featured in the program include:

</doc>
<doc id="18442019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442019" title="February 2007 Salvadoran congressmen killings">
February 2007 Salvadoran congressmen killings

On February 19, 2007, three members of the ARENA Party of El Salvador — Eduardo D'Aubuisson, William Pichinte and José Ramón González, as well as their driver, Gerardo Ramírez — were found murdered near Guatemala City, Guatemala. Four police detectives were arrested and charged with the murder; within three days of their arrest, the four were murdered in a maximum-security prison cell. Several prosecutors investigating the deaths have also been murdered.
Background.
The three men were members of ARENA, the right-wing ruling party of El Salvador. Eduardo D'Aubuisson was the son of Roberto D'Aubuisson, the founder of ARENA and the leader of numerous Salvadoran death squads during that country's 1980-92 civil war.
Guatemala has one of the highest murder rates in Latin America and is frequented by drug traffickers traveling from Colombia, through Mexico and to the United States.
The murders.
The three men were on their way to Guatemala City to attend the Central American Parliament on February 19, 2007. Their Toyota Land Cruiser, part of a four-car motrocade heading to the capital, pulled out of the convoy and onto a remote road at El Jocotillo, about 20 miles southeast of Guatemala City.
The next day, the bodies of the three congressmen and their driver were found in their charred and burnt vehicle. There were indications they had been tortured before death.
Subsequent events.
Soon after the murders, four Guatemalan policemen were arrested. They had been tracked by a GPS system embedded in a police vehicle that was at the scene of the killings. They were formally charged in connection with the case on February 22; all four suspects were then secretly moved to the maximum-security prison "El Boqueron", 40 miles east of Guatemala City.
On February 25, the four men were murdered inside their prison cell.
The killings were followed by a prison riot; the warden and some guards were taken hostage. Initial reports suggested that the gunmen entered the prison disguised as visitors. The national police, however, stated that it was more likely that the gunmen came from inside the prison, since it would have been almost impossible for them to have gotten past the three security perimeters thrown around the building: the prison guards, the national police, and the army. Twenty men at the prison were arrested, including the warden and many guards.
The dramatic killings immediately spawned a number of conspiracy theories, which were dismissed by Erwin Sperisen, the chief of the Guatemalan National Police: "People don't want to believe that the reality is simpler, more ironic and more stupid. It wasn't a great conspiracy. It was a series of coincidental events. But the people don't want to believe. They want a soap opera, a spy drama, a James Bond movie." Among the plausible theories put forward by Sperisen were that the officers might have been tricked into thinking they were assassinating Colombian drug dealers masquerading as Salvadoran deputies; political enemies in El Salvador may have arranged for the deputies' murder; and the Salvadoran deputies may in fact have been linked to the drug trade.
Early in March 2007, a top police official, Javier Figueroa, abruptly resigned his position and fled Guatemala with his family, seeking asylum first in Costa Rica and then Venezuela. Figueroa, a former gynecologist, was involved in arresting the four officers and claimed to be in fear for his life. But the press openly speculated that he in fact was involved in ordering the killings. Figueroa and his family fled to Austria later in 2007 and were granted asylum. However, they rejected Guatemala's extradition request due to the assumption that Figueroa could not expect a fair trial in his home country.
On March 26, 2007, Erwin Sperisen, the chief of the National Police, and Carlos Vielmann, the Interior Minister, resigned as a consequence of the two sets of killings.
On April 8, 2008, Victor Rivera, a Venezuelan national, was shot and killed while driving in Guatemala City. Two days earlier he had been fired from his advisory position to the Ministry of the Interior, where he was investigating the deaths of the Salvadoran deputies. The murder of Rivera, in turn, was investigated by former Attorney General Álvaro Matus, who was himself accused of conducting a cover-up by prosecutors from the "Comisión Internacional Contra la Impunidad en Guatemala". Matus surrendered to authorities on February 3, 2009, but the charges against him were immediately dropped by the Public Ministry and he was released.
In July 2008, 13 suspects accused in the killings of the four suspects were acquitted by a judge. On July 14, 2008, the state prosecutor who had accused the 13 men, Juan Carlos Martínez, was shot dead in Guatemala City.
Motives.
Suspects range from drug cartels who were linked to the three dead men to Guatemalan or Salvadoran security officials.

</doc>
<doc id="18442041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442041" title="Paul Seibert">
Paul Seibert

Paul Seibert, CMC, is the author of four books, including "Facilities Planning & Design For Financial Institutions: A Strategic Management Guide", (McGraw-Hill, 1995, ISBN 978-1557387806).
Paul has written three 600 page editions for Credit Unions titled "Facility Planning and Management for Credit Unions" available from the Credit Union Executives Society, 1994, 1999 and 2004.
He is a resident of Vashon Island, principal of EHS-Design, a Seattle based architectural firm specializing in branch design for financial institutions across North America, partner in Momentum Construction Company and founding partner of CEO Advisory Group, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="18442052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442052" title="Western Australian Party">
Western Australian Party

The Western Australian Party (WAP) was a short-lived Australian political party that operated in 1906. It was intended as a liberal party to protect the rights of Western Australians and to oppose the increasingly successful Labour Party, and drew its supporters from the Protectionist Party and the Anti-Socialist Party. John Forrest, a minister in Alfred Deakin's government, accepted the leadership of the party. Candidates were endorsed for all electorates in the 1906 federal election, including Forrest, but by the time of the election enthusiasm for the venture had diffused, and Forrest did not run under its banner. However, the party did elect one member, William Hedges, as the member for Fremantle; he remained officially a member of the WAP, although he sat as an independent and, like Forrest, joined the Commonwealth Liberal Party when it formed.

</doc>
<doc id="18442054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442054" title="Baby Vox (album)">
Baby Vox (album)

I Believe is Baby Vox Re.V's second Korean language album.

</doc>
<doc id="18442057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442057" title="Munn">
Munn

Munn as a surname may refer to:
Munn may also refer to a poppy seed filling.

</doc>
<doc id="18442059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442059" title="EHS-Design">
EHS-Design

EHS-Design is an award-winning Seattle-based architectural firm specializing in branch design for financial institutions across North America.

</doc>
<doc id="18442065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442065" title="Foxhunter">
Foxhunter

Foxhunter (1940–1959) was a champion show jumping horse ridden by Harry Llewellyn, best known for their part in securing Great Britain's only gold medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics (in the Team Jumping equestrian event).
They also were part of the British Show Jumping Team at the 1948 Summer Olympics, winning the bronze medal, and at many other international events.
Foxhunter and Llewellyn are the only horse and rider to win the King George V Gold Cup three times (in 1948, 1950, and 1953), and won 78 international competitions during their joint career.
Llewellyn bought Foxhunter, a golden-bay gelding, in 1947 following a search that began by studying the records of every registered showjumper on file with the British Show Jumping Association. The horse, who stood 16.3 hands high, was sired by the Thoroughbred stallion Erehwemos out of the half-bred mare Catcall.
The Foxhunter Championship for novice horses at the annual Horse of the Year Show was named after Foxhunter, and was first held in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="18442067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442067" title="HD 223311">
HD 223311

HD 223311 is a variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="18442084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442084" title="Intrado">
Intrado

Intrado Inc. Intrado Inc. provides 9-1-1 and emergency communications infrastructure, systems and services to telecommunications service providers and government public safety agencies in the United States and worldwide. Over 200 million calls are made to 9-1-1 annually. Intrado’s customers include all major U.S. wireline, wireless and VoIP carriers, as well as municipalities and over 3000 public safety agencies.
History.
Intrado Inc. was started in 1979 when George Heinrichs and Stephen Meer created a consulting business under the name of Systems Concepts of Colorado Inc. With backgrounds in law enforcement, the co-founders recognized the potential of using technology to more effectively support the United States’ emergency communications system, 9-1-1.
In 1998, Intrado completed an initial public offering of its common stock and was publicly traded on the NASDAQ stock exchange under the market ticker TRDO. In May 2001, Intrado acquired Lucent Public Safety Systems (LPSS). LPSS was responsible for contributions to public safety in the United States, with origins going back to Bell Labs and the original invention of the first 9-1-1 system.
In April 2006, Intrado was acquired by West Corporation, a provider of outsourced communications solutions. In 2008, HBF Group, Inc., a provider of 9-1-1 solutions to the telecommunications industry and government public safety agencies, was acquired by West Corporation, and became part of Intrado Inc.
Positron Public Safety Systems (PPSS) was also acquired by West Corporation in 2008. PPSS is a provider of fully integrated, premise-based public safety solutions that support Enhanced 9-1-1 operations. Positron systems are deployed at over 3,000 public safety answering points worldwide. 
Intrado provides 9-1-1 database management and 9-1-1 call routing services to the majority of US-based telecommunications service providers including all major Incumbent Local Exchange Carriers (ILEC), Competitive local exchange carriers (CLEC), Wireless Carriers, and VoIP Service Providers (VSPs).
By January 2009, Intrado employment figures reached nearly 1200, consisting largely of public safety and communications professionals. Intrado is headquartered in Longmont, Colorado; other locations include Lisle, Illinois, Austin, Texas, and Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18442086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442086" title="Drought in the United States">
Drought in the United States

Drought in the United States is similar to that of other portions of the globe. Below normal precipitation leads to drought, which is caused by an above average persistence of high pressure over the drought area. Changes in the track of extratropical cyclones, which can occur during climate cycles such as the El Niño-Southern Oscillation, or ENSO, as well as the North Atlantic Oscillation, Pacific Decadal Oscillation, and Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation, modulates which areas would be more prone to drought and when drought develops. Increased drought frequency is expected to be one of the effects of global warming. In dry areas, removing grass cover and going with a more natural vegetation for the area can reduce the impact of drought, since a significant amount of fresh water is used to keep lawns green. Droughts are periodic, alternating with floods over a series of years.
The worst droughts in the history of the United States occurred during the 1930s and 1950s, periods of time known as 'Dust Bowl' years in which droughts lead to significant economic damages and social changes. In particular, relief and health agencies became overburdened and many local community banks had to close.
Causes.
Generally, rainfall is related to the amount of water vapour in the Earth's atmosphere, combined with the upward forcing of the air mass containing that water vapor. If either moisture, lift, or atmospheric instability are reduced, rain will be more scant which in time will lead to drought. This can be triggered by an above average prevalence of high pressure systems, winds carrying continental, rather than oceanic air masses (i.e. reduced water content), and ridges of high pressure areas form with behaviors which prevent or restrict the developing of thunderstorm activity or rainfall over one certain region. Oceanic and atmospheric weather cycles such as ENSO make drought a regular recurring feature of the Americas along the Pacific coast. Droughts can develop anywhere in the United States. El Nino and La Nina alters rainfall patterns in the West and along the Gulf coast. The North Atlantic Oscillation, Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation (AMO), and Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO) are also significantly tied to droughts in the United States. For example, 52 percent of drought timing and location across the United States is explained by the PDO and AMO. When both in their positive phase, the most extensive droughts occur across the United States.
Human activity can directly trigger exacerbating factors such as over farming, excessive irrigation, deforestation, and erosion adversely impact the ability of the land to capture and hold water.
Response.
Certain regions within the United States are more susceptible to droughts than others. Droughts can be more damaging than tornadoes, tropical cyclones, winter storms and flooding combined. Unlike a hurricane, tornado or flooding, the onset of droughts happen gradually over a long period of time.
In the Nevada "cash for grass" program, the people are paid to remove grass and put in desert landscaping. Xeriscaping calls for the planting of vegetation which is local in origin and more resistant to drought.
When California suffered a severe drought from 1985 to 1991, a California company, Sun Belt Water Inc. was established for the purpose importing water from Canada in marine transport vessels formerly used for oil transport and converted to water carriers. The idea was commercially viable and Sun Belt Water Inc., was selected by the Goleta Water District to enter a long term contract. When the government of British Columbia a province of Canada reversed its existing bulk water export policy, the change in government policy led to a claim by Sun Belt Water Inc. against Canada under the provisions of Chapter 11 of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).
The National Integrated Drought Information System (NIDIS) Act was signed into law in 2006 (Public Law 109-430). The Western Governors' Association described the need for NIDIS in a 2004 report, Creating a Drought Early Warning System for the 21st Century: The National Integrated Drought Information System. The NIDIS Act calls for an interagency, multi-partner approach to drought monitoring, forecasting, and early warning, led by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). NIDIS is being developed to consolidate data on drought’s physical, hydrological and socio-economic impacts on an ongoing basis, to develop drought decision support and simulation tools for critical, drought-sensitive areas, and to enable proactive planning by those affected by drought. NIDIS (www.drought.gov) draws on the personnel, experience, and networks of the National Drought Mitigation Center, the NOAA Regional Climate Centers, and the Regional Integrated Sciences and Assessments (RISAs), among others. Federal agencies and departments partnering in NIDIS include the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the Bureau of Reclamation, the U.S. Geological Survey, NASA, the U.S. Department of Energy, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the National Science Foundation, and the Natural Resources Conservation Service.
Events.
Pre-1900.
Drought apparently struck what is now the American Southwest back in the 13th century, which may have affected the Pueblo cities, and tree rings also document drought in the lower and central Mississippi River basin between the 14th and 16th century. The droughts of that period may have contributed to the decline and fall of the Mississippian cultures.
The 18th century seems to have been a relatively wet century in North America, but there were apparently droughts in Iowa in 1721, 1736, and from 1771 to 1773.
There were at least three major droughts in nineteenth century North America: one from the mid-1850s to the mid-1860s, one in the 1870s, and one in the 1890s. There was also a drought around 1820; the periods from 1816 to 1844 and from 1849 to 1880 were rather dry, and the 19th century overall was a dry century for the Great Plains. While there was little rain-gauge data from the mid-19th century in the middle of the US, there were plenty of trees, and tree-ring data showed evidence of a major drought from around 1856 to around 1865. Native Americans were hard hit, as the bison they depended upon on the Plains moved to river valleys in search of water, and those valleys were full of Natives and settlers alike. The river valleys were also home to the humans' grazing animals, which competed against the bison for food. The result was starvation for many of the bison.
The 1870-1877 drought brought with it a major swarm of Rocky Mountain Locusts, as droughts benefit locusts, making plants more nutritious and edible to locusts and reducing diseases that harm locusts. Locusts also grow more quickly during a drought and gather in small spots of lush vegetation, enabling them to swarm, facts which contributed to the ruin of much of the farmland in the American West. The evidence for this drought is also primarily in tree-ring, rather than rain gauge, data.
The 1890s drought, between 1890 and 1896, was the first to be widely and adequately recorded by rain gauges, with much of the American West having been settled. Railroads promised land to people willing to settle it, and the period between 1877 and 1890 was wetter than usual, leading to unrealistic expectations of land productivity. The amount of land required to support a family in more arid regions was already larger than the amount that could realistically be irrigated by a family, but this fact was made more obvious by the drought, leading to emigration from recently settled lands. The Federal government started to assist with irrigation with the 1902 Reclamation Act.
1930s.
The Dust Bowl or the Dirty Thirties was a period of severe dust storms causing major ecological and agricultural damage to American and Canadian prairie lands from 1930 to 1936 (in some areas until 1940). The phenomenon was caused by severe drought coupled with decades of extensive farming without crop rotation, fallow fields, cover crops or other techniques to prevent erosion. Deep plowing of the virgin topsoil of the Great Plains had displaced the natural grasses that normally kept the soil in place and trapped moisture even during periods of drought and high winds.
During the drought of the 1930s, without natural anchors to keep the soil in place, it dried, turned to dust, and blew away eastward and southward in large dark clouds. At times the clouds blackened the sky reaching all the way to East Coast cities such as New York and Washington, D.C. Much of the soil ended up deposited in the Atlantic Ocean, carried by prevailing winds which were in part created by the dry and bare soil conditions itself. These immense dust storms—given names such as "Black Blizzards" and "Black Rollers"—often reduced visibility to a few feet (around a meter). The Dust Bowl affected , centered on the panhandles of Texas and Oklahoma, and adjacent parts of New Mexico, Colorado, and Kansas.
Millions of acres of farmland became useless, and hundreds of thousands of people were forced to leave their homes; many of these families (often known as "Okies", since so many of them came from Oklahoma) traveled to California and other states, where they found economic conditions little better than those they had left. Owning no land, many traveled from farm to farm picking fruit and other crops at starvation wages. Author John Steinbeck later wrote "The Grapes of Wrath", which won the Pulitzer Prize, and "Of Mice and Men" about such people.
Negative effects included bank closures and overburdened relief and health agencies. Economic migrants also had mixed success as native workers in many areas resented the intense competition for dwindling jobs. The National Drought Mitigation Center has reported that financial assistance from the government alone may have been as high as $1 billion (in 1930s dollars) by the end of the drought.
1940s.
Drought began in the Southwestern United States in 1944 and continued through the entire rest of the decade; one of the longest recorded droughts observed there. This drought continued into the 1950s.
1950s.
Other severe drought years in the United States happened through the 1950s. These droughts continued from the 1940s drought in the Southwestern United States, New Mexico and Texas during 1950 and 1951; the drought was widespread through the Central Plains, Midwest and certain Rocky Mountain States, particularly between the years 1953 and 1957, and by 1956 parts of central Nebraska reached a drought index of -7, three points below the extreme drought index. From 1950 to 1957, Texas experienced the most severe drought in recorded history. By the time the drought ended, 244 of Texas’ 254 counties had been declared federal disaster areas. Drought became particularly severe in California, with some natural lakes drying up completely in 1953. Southern California was hit hard by drought in 1958-59, badly straining water resources.
1960s.
The Northeastern United States were hit with devastating drought which lasted almost four to five years in the 1960s. The drought affected multiple regional cities from Virginia into Pennsylvania, New Jersey and New York; the drought also affected certain Midwest States. Drought continued in parts of California in the early 1960s. Southern California recorded their worst drought of the 20th century in 1961.
1970s.
Short term droughts hit particular spots of the United States during 1976 and 1977. California's statewide snowpack reached an all-time low in 1977. Water resources and agriculture (especially livestock) suffered; negatively impacting the nation's economy. This drought reversed itself completely the following year.
1980s.
Droughts also affected the Northeast US, Corn Belt and Midwest States during 1980 and 1983. The 1983 Midwestern States Drought was associated with very dry conditions, severe heat and substandard crop growth which affected prices and caused hardship for farmers. Multiple disaster declarations went out in Indiana and neighboring states because of the 1983 drought. Readings of or higher became prevalent in 1983 during these dry spells across the Midwest, Ohio Valley Regions and Great Lakes. Kentucky declared the 1983 drought their second worst in the 20th century; the drought forced many trees and shrubs into dormancy and created water shortages in many towns. The associating heat waves killed between 500-700 people in the United States. Similar spells during 1980 caused between 4000 to 12000 deaths in the United States along with $24 billion in damage 1980 USD.
A severe drought struck the Southeast from 1985 through 1987. It began in 1985 from the Carolinas west-southwest into Alabama, when annual rainfall was reduced by 5 to 35 percent below what was normal. Light precipitation continued into the spring of 1986, with Atlanta, Georgia recording their driest first six months on record. High amounts of precipitation during the winter of 1987 ended the drought.
The Western United States experienced a lengthy drought in the late 1980s. California endured one of its longest droughts ever observed, from late 1986 through early 1991. Drought worsened in 1988-89, as much of the United States also suffered from severe drought. In California, the five-year drought ended in late 1991 as a result of unusual persistent heavy rains, most likely caused by a significant El Nino event in the Pacific Ocean and the eruption of Mount Pinatubo in June 1991.
Another significant drought in the United States occurred during 1988 and 1989. Following a milder drought in the Southeastern United States the year before, this drought spread from the Mid-Atlantic, Southeast, Midwest, Northern Great Plains and Western United States. This drought was widespread, unusually intense and accompanied by heat waves which killed around 4800 to 17000 people across the United States and also killed livestock across the United States. One particular reason that the Drought of 1988 became very damaging was farmers might have farmed on land which was marginally arable. Another reason was pumping groundwater near the depletion mark. The Drought of 1988 destroyed crops almost nationwide, residents' lawns went brown and water restrictions were declared many cities. The Yellowstone National Park fell victim to wildfires that burned many trees and created exceptional destruction in the area. This drought was very catastrophic for multiple reasons; it continued across the Upper Midwest States and North Plains States during 1989, not officially ending until 1990.
The conditions continued into 1989 and 1990, although the drought had ended in some states thanks to normal rainfalls returning to some portions of the United States. Dry conditions, however, increased again during 1989, affecting Iowa, Missouri, eastern Nebraska, Kansas and certain portions of Colorado. The drought also affected Canada in certain divisions. The Drought of 1988 became the worst drought since the Dust Bowl 50 years before in the United States; 2008 estimates put damages from the drought somewhere between $80 billion and almost $120 billion in damage (2008 USD). The Drought of 1988 was so devastating that in later years it was compared against Hurricane Andrew in 1992 and against Hurricane Katrina; in addition, it would be the costliest of the three events: Hurricane Katrina comes second with $81 billion (2005 United States Dollars), Hurricane Andrew coming in third. The Drought of 1988 qualifies being the costliest natural disaster in the history of the United States.
1990s.
During 1993 the Southeastern United States experienced high temperatures and conditions of drought for extended periods. The heatwaves associated caused the deaths of seventeen people and overall damage from the Southeastern State Drought of 1993 was somewhere between $1 billion and $3 billion in damage (1993 United States Dollars).
Similar drought conditions hit the Northeast United States during 1999 - the Northeast, including Kentucky, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Maryland were pummeled by extensive heat waves which killed almost 700 people across the Northeastern US and unusually dry conditions caused billions of dollars in destruction during 1999. This unusually damaging drought was reminiscent of the Northeast United States Drought of the 1960s considering it affected similar states within the Northeast United States and New England.
2000s.
The Midwest and Rocky Mountains became victims during 2002; the regions fell victim under exceptional drought which was accompanied by dry conditions, wildfires and hot temperatures over the Western US and Midwestern State areas. The US Drought of 2002 turned a "normal" fire season to very dangerous, treacherous and violent. Denver was forced to impose mandatory limits regarding water for the first time in twenty one years as Colorado and other states in the Southwest were hit particularly hard by severe drought conditions in 2002. Also, the Quad Cities had around eight inches (203 mm) below average during 2002 (normal precipitation is every year); during 2002, 30.00 inches were recorded. The 2001-02 rain season in Southern California was the driest ever since records began in 1877. San Diego recorded only , compared to the annual average of . Records were broken in an even worse drought just five years later, during the 2006-07 rain season in Los Angeles [ compared to the annual average of ].
The US Drought of 2002 was so reminiscent of the 1988 Drought and compared against the Droughts of the 1930s, the 1983 Drought and the Dry Spells of the 1950s. The drought also affected Saskatchewan, Manitoba and Alberta in Canada.
Although the Western United States and Southwestern US are most likely to be hit, droughts can also happen over the Upper Midwestern States, the Central Great Plains, Southeast United States, the Middle Atlantic, the Great Lakes Region, the Ohio River Valley, Northeastern United States and even New England. Droughts vary in severity and have potential for causing elevated to exceptional damage wherever they focus their area toward.
There were extensive droughts through the 2000s (decade) all over the Southeastern United States, continuing as far westward as Texas. The Southeastern United States were affected by heavy droughts extending from the Carolinas toward Mississippi and even into Tennessee and Kentucky. Droughts affecting Florida were so severe lakes were actually drying out. Wildfires, forest fires and brush fires were very prevalent in association with the 2000s (decade) Drought in the Southeastern United States. The drought of 2006-07 in California contributed to the extreme severity of the 2007 California wildfires.
Missouri, Arkansas, (portions of) Louisiana, Tennessee, southeast Iowa and northern Illinois were hit with severe droughts and heat during 2005. The conditions caused $1 billion in overall damage, there were no deaths attributed to the drought and associated heat spells. The Quad Cities themselves received only of precipitation during 2005.
In 2008 and 2009, much of south and south-central Texas were in a state of exceptional drought.
From 2006-2011 the state of California endured through a five-year drought. First declared by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger in 2008, as he tried to win voter support for an $11 billion bond to build new water projects, like new dams and peripheral canals. Voters will decide on this measure in 2012. California officially ended its drought in March 2011, when Governor Jerry Brown deemed the "drought emergency" over. Drought has since resurfaced in much of the state as of June 2013.
2010s.
The 2008-2011 California drought continued through 2010 and did not end until March 2011. The drought shifted east during the Summer of 2011 to affect a large portion of the Southwest and Texas. See above for additional information on this drought. In 2013 and early 2014, the California drought returned and intensified. The year 2013 shattered low precipitation records everywhere in California
In 2011 intense drought struck much of Texas and a large portion of the Southwest bringing much of the region its worst drought seen since the Dust Bowl years of the 1930s. Most of the drought in Texas ended or had it impacts ease by Spring and Summer 2012 as precipitation returned to the region. The Texas and Southwest US drought was also accompanied by a severe heat wave that brought record setting heat to much of Texas, including but not limited to bringing a 40 day stretch of temperatures at or above to Dallas, TX. Drought of severe magnitude also affected a large portion of the Southeastern US, especially Georgia and South Carolina. It is believed that a combination of La Nina and climate change had contributed to the intense drought.
In 2012, much of the US had drought conditions develop through the late Winter and Spring months and lasting into the Summer, creating the 2012 North American drought. Meanwhile, severe to extreme drought developed in the lower Midwest and Ohio Valley as well as the southern and central Rockies. This led to large wildfires in Colorado including the record setting Waldo Canyon fire, the most destructive in Colorado history. Drought conditions have led to numerous firework show cancellations and voluntary water restrictions in much of the Ozarks, Mid Mississippi and Ohio River Valleys. Lagging effects of La Nina, Climate Change, and also a large persistent upper level ridge of high pressure present over much of North America since the late Winter have all contributed to the drought and above average temperatures since February 2012. The combination of high heat and severe drought has resulted in weather patterns not seen since 1988, 1954, and the Dust Bowl and Great Depression years of the 1930s to some areas, especially the lower Midwest. Because the drought conditions were forcing American farmers to sell off livestock, the Department of Defense sought to buy up meat at "fire sale" prices in order to stockpile meals for the lean times ahead.
High wheat prices caused by the drought have discouraged farmers from investing in alternative drought-tolerant crops.

</doc>
<doc id="18442090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442090" title="Milan Puskar">
Milan Puskar

Milan "Mike" Puškar (September 8, 1934 – October 7, 2011) was an American entrepreneur and philanthropist from Morgantown, West Virginia. 
Biography.
He was born in Vintondale, Pennsylvania to Serbian parents from Kordun, Croatia in 1934. He graduated from Youngstown State University in 1960. 
In 1961, he and Don Panoz co-founded the pharmaceutical company known today as Mylan Inc. Puskar was Mylan's president from 1976 through 2000. In November 1993, at the age of 58, he also became the company's chairman and chief executive officer. He served as CEO until 2002 and as chairman until 2009.
West Virginia University's Milan Puskar Stadium was named for him after he made a US$20 million donation.
He died in Morgantown, WV on October 7, 2011 from cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18442093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442093" title="Uno Rush">
Uno Rush

Uno Rush is a Xbox Live Arcade game based on the "Uno" card game. The game was expected to be released alongside the new Xbox experience, showcasing the games functionality of the Xbox 360 Avatars, but was delayed for various reasons. "Uno Rush" was released on March 25, 2009 as part of Xbox Live's "Days of Arcade" promotion.

</doc>
<doc id="18442098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442098" title="Charles Allen Munn">
Charles Allen Munn

Charles Allen Munn (1881-1924), was the editor of Scientific American.

</doc>
<doc id="18442100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442100" title="Takasago Volunteers">
Takasago Volunteers

Background and history.
After the annexation of Taiwan as a result of First Sino-Japanese War in 1894, the Japanese government pursued a policy of cultural assimilation, directed especially towards the various groups of Taiwanese aborigines.
The Imperial Japanese Army was interested in the using Taiwanese aborigines in special forces operations, as they were viewed as being more physically capable of operating in the tropical and sub-tropical regions in Southeast Asia than ethnic Japanese, and, coming from a hunter-gatherer culture, would be able to operate with minimal logistics support. The Japanese military recruited many young men from friendly tribes into service shortly before the start of World War II. The total number was confidential and estimates on the numbers recruited range from 1800 to 5000 men. Training was under the direction of officers from the Nakano School, which specialized in insurgency and guerilla warfare. Initially assigned to transport and supply units, as the war condition progressively deteriorated for Imperial Japanese forces, the Takasago Volunteers were sent to front line as combat troops. Units consisting entirely of "Takasago Volunteers" served with distinction in the Philippines, Netherlands East Indies, Solomon Islands and New Guinea, where they fought against Americans and Australians forces even before Taiwanese volunteers were recruited into service.
Towards the end of the war, 15 officers and 45 enlisted members of the Takasago Volunteers were organized into the Kaoru Special Attack Corps for a suicide mission similar to that of the "Giretsu Kuteitai", and attacked a USAAF landing strip on Leyte.
The Takasago Volunteers were well known for their jungle survival ability. The most notable example is Attun Palalin, a holdout discovered in Indonesia in 1975. He lived in solitude in the jungle for almost 20 years after leaving other holdouts in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="18442146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442146" title="World record progression 4 × 200 metres freestyle relay">
World record progression 4 × 200 metres freestyle relay

This is a history of the progression of the World Record for the Swimming event of the 4x200 Freestyle Relay. It is a listing of the fastest-time-ever swum in the event, in both long course (50m) and short course (25m) swimming pool. These records are maintained/recognized by FINA, which oversees international competitive swimming and Aquatics.
The long course records are historically older than the short course records; the latter having only been recognized since the early 1990s.
In this relay, each team is made up of 4 swimmers, each of whom swims a 200 freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="18442147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442147" title="Mark X">
Mark X

Mark X or mark 10 often refers to the tenth version of a product, frequently military hardware. "Mark", meaning "model" or "variant", can be abbreviated "Mk." 
Mark X or mark 10 can specifically refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18442152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442152" title="East Nashville Magnet School">
East Nashville Magnet School

East Nashville Magnet School (formerly East Literature Magnet School) is a public combined middle school and high school located in Nashville, Tennessee. Students enter through a lottery process similar to the other magnet schools in Nashville, but it is the only public school in Nashville to serve grades 5 through 12.
School history.
The then-East Literature Magnet School opened in August 1993 inside the campus of East Middle School. The school now occupies the entire campus of the former East Nashville High and East Nashville Junior High Schools. In September 2005, the new campus was dedicated, and the completion of renovation of buildings 'A' and 'B' were celebrated. The school now has separate middle and high school facilities. East became a Paideia curriculum school in 2010. The Paideia philosophy celebrates the fundamental notion that to be fully educated is a lifelong adventure that only begins with an individual's formal schooling. The school name was changed to East Nashville Magnet School in mid-2012.
Academics.
East Nashville offers many AP and Honors courses, including Algebra I, Geometry, Spanish I, Physical Science. Many teachers use literature and seminars to convey topics in Math, History, and Art. It ranks as a top high school in Davidson County. The school has met NCLB benchmarks every year.
Sports.
East Magnet offers sports such as soccer, basketball, wrestling, volleyball, tennis, bowling, golf, football, track and field, softball, baseball, cheerleading, and cross country.

</doc>
<doc id="18442155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442155" title="Swing Ya Rag">
Swing Ya Rag

"Swing Ya Rag" is a song by American hip hop recording artist T.I., released August 26, 2008 as the third single from his highly acclaimed sixth studio album "Paper Trail" (2008). The song features vocals and production from American music producer Swizz Beatz. T.I. performed the song at the 2008 BET Hip Hop Awards and at the 2009 New Year's Eve Special on NBC. The song is also featured in the 2009 video game expansion pack, .
Music video.
On August 5, 2008, a behind the scenes video of the music video was released online. In the footage, T.I. is wearing black leather jacket and swinging a red rag in the air, while he wears a black rag around his face.The music video for the song was shot the day after T.I. shot the music video for "What Up, What's Haapnin'".
According to T.I. and MTV, the music video will never be released.
On December 15, MTV did another interview asking T.I. if he'll shoot a different video for the song, he responded saying

</doc>
<doc id="18442175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442175" title="Orson Desaix Munn I">
Orson Desaix Munn I

Orson Desaix Munn I (11 June 1824 Monson, Massachusetts - 28 February 1907) was the publisher of "Scientific American".
Biography.
He received his education at the academy in his native town, and, deciding on a business career, went to work for a bookstore in Springfield. After two years of this experience, he returned to accept a more important commercial trust in Monson, but soon found his way to New York City. He took over the publishing operations of Munn & Company, a New York patent firm, with Salem H. Wales and Alfred Ely Beach as editor.
With Beach, he bought the six-month-old "Scientific American" magazine from Rufus Porter. The purchase price of this property was less than $1,000, and it included a subscription list of 200 names. Porter continued as editor, and the enterprise, placed on a sound business basis, at once proved a success. It was the first popular scientific journal in the United States, and it is now the oldest, having a recognized standing throughout the civilized world. Its function has been the publication of the record of the progress of art and science both at home and abroad.
In 1876 the demand upon its space was so great, owing to the increased interest that resulted from the Centennial Exposition, that a "Scientific American Supplement" was started. An "Architect and Builders'" edition, published monthly, was established in 1885.
Among the earliest requests made to the publishers of the "Scientific American" was for advice concerning the procuring of letters-patent for new inventions, there being at that time no professional patent solicitors. This department of the business developed with great rapidity, and a branch office for it was soon opened in Washington, D.C. For many years Munn & Co. enjoyed a virtual monopoly of this class of business, and upward of 100,000 applications for patents were made by this house. Munn strictly adhered to a principle never to invest a penny in any patented invention.
His children were Orson Desaix Munn II, and Louisine Elder Munn. He died on 28 February 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="18442188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442188" title="O'Keefe Rail Trail">
O'Keefe Rail Trail

The O'Keefe Rail Trail is a 19 kilometre rail trail connecting Bendigo with Axedale. The sandy gravel trail runs along a former branch line on the Melbourne-Sydney rail line. As of August 2007, work was underway to extend it to Heathcote. This work received $3.1m in state and local funding in June 2010. A local lobby group is pushing to extend it even further, as far as Kilmore. The trail could theoretically be extended all the way to Heathcote Junction, where the original train line joined the Melbourne-Sydney rail line.
The trail includes a number of bridges, including the $50,000 Axe Creek Suspension Bridge, which was built in 1993.
The trail is named after Andrew O'Keefe, an early railway pioneer.
History.
The Heathcote to North Bendigo line was built by O'Keefe in 1888 after successfully tendering 88,409 pounds to build the 28 miles of track and 50 bridges. It formed part of the Wandong to Bendigo line, and was commissioned as part of the Railway Construction Act 821, which authorised large amounts of railway infrastructure to be built. At the time, Heathcote had a population of 1500, and was part of the supply chain for the gold rush.
From 1888 for several decades, the railway was kept busy supplying timber for mine shafts, and as fuel. At its peak, two trainloads of timber was transported each day. However, by 1958, this had dwindled to less than a trainload of freight per week, and the service was suspended. 
The track was finally dismantled in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="18442191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442191" title="Örüg Temür Khan">
Örüg Temür Khan

Örüg Temür (Chinese: ) or Gulichi (Chinese: ) was a Mongol leader who temporarily enthroned himself Khan of the Mongols in the early 15th century. He might also have been known as Ugechi Khashikha (Chinese: ). "Khashikha" means prince or duke in the Tungusic languages. He was a leader of the Oirats, particularly the Torguud clan. Örüg Temür may have been descended from either Ariq Böke or Genghis Khan's younger brothers, either Hasar or Temüge. He may also have been a a descendant of Ogedai. Thus, it is still unclear whether he was an Oirat or Genghisid.
Elbeg Khan (1400–1402) appointed Bahamu ("Batlai, Mahamu, Muhamud") ruler of the Four Oirats after he had mistakenly executed his father Taifu. The Khagan's decision made the Oirat leader Gulichi (or Orug Temur?) disappointed. Gulichi and Bahamu organized the plot to kill Elbeg and succeeded; the former seized the family and property of the late Khagan. Gulichi became the new Khan in 1402, and abolished the name Yuan Dynasty. Gulichi appointed Arughtai of the Asud "chingsang" of the Eastern Mongols. According to the Ming annals, he might have nominated a Tatar Khan. 
The Yongle Emperor made overtures to Gulichi and his principal retainer Arughtai to establish relationship within Ming China's tributary system, but Gulichi and Arughtai rejected it. They also poisoned Engke Temur, Prince of Hami, who had allied with the Ming. However, he was defeated by Öljei Temür Khan, the Borjigin monarch, in 1403. In 1408, his former "chingsang" and "noyan" Arughtai killed him after a conflict erupted between them. He was succeeded by his son Esekhu (died 1425).

</doc>
<doc id="18442200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442200" title="Somkhiti">
Somkhiti

Somkhiti ( ) was an ambiguous geographic term used in medieval and early modern Georgian historical sources to refer to Armenia on one hand and to the Armeno-Georgian marchlands along the river valleys of Debed and Khrami on the other hand. In the 18th century, "Somkhiti" was largely replaced with "Somkheti" (სომხეთი, ) as a Georgian exonym for Armenia, but it continued, for some time, to denote the frontier region which is currently divided between Lori, Armenia, and Kvemo Kartli, Georgia. This patch of land was sometimes referred to as "Georgian Armenia" in the 19th-century European sources. The ethnically mixed populace of Somkhiti – in its regional sense – were known in Georgian as Somkhitari (sing., სომხითარი), while Armenians in general were (and are) referred to in Georgian as Somekhi (sing., სომეხი).
Etymology.
The term "Somkhiti"/"Somkheti" is presumed by modern scholars to have been derived from "Sukhmi" or "Sokhmi", the name of an ancient land located by the Assyrian and Urartian records along the upper Euphrates. According to Professor David Marshall Lang,

</doc>
<doc id="18442228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442228" title="This Coming Gladness">
This Coming Gladness

This Coming Gladness is an album by Josephine Foster, released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18442248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442248" title="Bill Johnson (defensive end)">
Bill Johnson (defensive end)

Bill Johnson (March 8, 2002) was an American football defensive end in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers. Johnson came out of the University of Minnesota and played six professional games for the Packers in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18442258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442258" title="Cate Campbell">
Cate Campbell

Cate Natalie Campbell OAM (born 20 May 1992, in Blantyre, Malawi) is an Australian swimmer who won two bronze medals at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Her family moved from Malawi to Australia in 2001 and it was shortly after this Campbell took up competitive swimming. In 2007, she went to the Australian Youth Olympic Festival in Sydney and won two gold medals in the 50 m individual freestyle and 4×100 m freestyle relay. She followed this up in 2008 with a victory in the 50 m freestyle at the Japan Open, beating compatriot Libby Trickett and setting new Australian and Commonwealth records with her time of 24.48 seconds. She is coached by Simon Cusack at the Commercial swimming club. She completed her secondary school studies at Kenmore State High School in Brisbane, Queensland. Cate is the eldest of five siblings. Her sister Bronte is also a promising swimmer and the pair competed in the same event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
2008 Olympics.
Cate was the fastest qualifier into the 50m Freestyle Semi-Finals, after recording a time of 24.20 seconds. This placed her in Lane 4 in the Semi-Finals against the World Record holder Lisbeth Trickett. In Semi-Final 2, Campbell placed second in a time of 24.42 seconds, placing her in Lane 5 for the final. In the final, she placed 3rd in a time of 24.17.
2009 World Championship.
Despite doing a time trial of 53.40, with her 100m performance of 56.39 from 5 months earlier in March and having hip problems, she was scratched from the women's 4×100 freestyle. However she still earned the right to swim the 50m freestyle from her runner-up swim at the world championships trials. In Rome she finished with a bronze, beating compatriot Libby Trickett and ending just 0.02s off the Commonwealth Record.
2010.
She did not represent Australia in 2010 and was afflicted by injury.
2012 Olympics.
Campbell was a member of the Australian team that won the gold medal in the 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay at the 2012 Summer Olympics. In the Women's 50 metre freestyle she and her sister Bronte swam in the same heat, finishing third and second, respectively, and qualifying for the semi-final in tenth and ninth place, respectively.
2013.
At the 2013 Australian Swimming Championships she won gold in the both the 50 m and 100 m freestyle events, qualifying for the 2013 World Aquatics Championships. At the World Championships, she teamed up with her sister Bronte, Emma McKeon and Alicia Coutts in the 4×100 m freestyle where they won the silver medal, finishing 0.12 seconds behind the United States. On the sixth day of competition, Campbell won the 100m freestyle world title with a time of 52.34s. Campbell finished ahead of Sarah Sjostrom of Sweden and defending Olympic champion, Ranomi Kromowidjojo.

</doc>
<doc id="18442265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442265" title="Jayson Castro">
Jayson Castro

Jayson Castro William (born June 30, 1986 in Pampanga), better known as Jayson Castro, is a Filipino basketball player. He played for the Philippine Christian University Dolphins in the National Collegiate Athletic Association, Philippine Basketball League teams Hapee-PCU Teeth Protectors and Harbour Centre Batang Pier. He was supposed to be the first Filipino to play in Australia's National Basketball League for the Singapore Slingers, but the team withdrew from the league before the start of the season. He now plays for the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Amateur career.
PCU Dolphins.
Castro first played for the PCU Dolphins in the NCAA at the 2003 season as a 5'11" point guard. The Dolphins were not able to clinch a Final Four berth, finishing with a 5-9 record.
Things changed on the 2004 season in which PCU was able to make a turnaround with Castro, Gabby Espinas and Robert Sanz at the helm, denying Letran a back-to-back championship run. Holding the twice to beat advantage, the Dolphins needed an extra game that went into overtime to enter the finals. In the championship series against the University of Perpetual Help, the Dolphins swept the best-of-3 finals series to win their first NCAA championship. Castro played second fiddle to both Espinas who won the League MVP award and Sanz, who won the Finals MVP award.
In the 2005 season, the Dolphins went into another Final Four appearance, and they made short work of Mapúa on their way to the Finals were they met Letran once again. The Dolphins won Game 1 behind Castro's game-high 20 points. The Dolphins were beaten by Letran in the next two games as Castro got cold.
In 2006, Castro gave out an all-NCAA team performance as he was named as one of the Mythical 5 members; he and Espinas led PCU to a third consecutive Finals appearance this time against San Beda College. Despite Castro scoring a team-high 16 points, the Dolphins were blown out by the Red Lions on Game 1. Castro's teammates stepped up on Game 2 to force a deciding game. On the third game, with PCU trailing by a point in the dying seconds, Castro passed off the game-winning shot to Beau Belga who missed his jumper to lose the championship for PCU. The Dolphins would be suspended the following year after irregularities on their high school team, thus ending Castro's collegiate career.
Jayson Castro was also part of the NCAA-UAAP all star game for 2 times with Gabby Espinas, Rob Sanz, Ian Garrido, Beau Belga, Joel Solis,Carlos Cecilia, Lei Mar Navarro, Gementiza, Liztian Amparado, Joel Acraman, Cunanan and Ramon Retaga. Coached by Ato Tolentino
Addict Mobile.
After a deserving NCAA 2004 Champions and part of the Mythical 5. The Fil-Am Jayson Castro William was headed to the AMP Mobile Phone team, which he was a back up to LA Tenorio. His PCU teammates Gabby Espinas and Rob Sanz, gave their worth talents to remain in the Philippine Basketball League. They were joined by Ateneo Blue Eagles team, composed of Paolo Bugia, LA Tenorio, Magnum Membrere, and company.
Harbour Centre Port Masters.
In this time of Jayson Castro's life, he rose to the occasion. Even if he was still a backup to LA Tenorio, he played consistently. He was with Mac Cardona and his former PCU teammates Gabby Espinas, Rob Sanz, Beau Belga, and Joel Solis. Castro was slowly becoming a premiere amateur point guard during this time.
Hapee PCU Teeth Masters/ 2 seasons.
He then transferred to Hapee PCU. He remained with the team for a season with Gabby Espinas, Rob Sanz, Joel Solis with Mark Moreño and others. Unfortunately, the team was on a slump making them cellar dwellers on the standings. Hapee PCU had a disastrous season.
Hapee-PCU Teeth Sparklers.
After PCU's championship, Lamoiyan Corporation sponsored the core of that team to participate in the PBL as the Hapee-PCU Teeth Sparklers. The Sparklers entered the Finals against the Harbour Centre Batang Pier and were defeated. Hapee made several more playoff runs but were beaten either by Harbour Centre or by Toyota-Otis (ironically mostly composed of Letran players).
Harbour Centre Batang Pier 3 seasons.
When PCU was suspended, Castro transferred to Harbour Centre and won 2 championships with them. After 2 conferences of sterling performances, Castro was named as the PBL 2007 Most Valuable Player. In the next season, Castro and the Batang Pier met Hapee, this time led by Filipino-American Gabe Norwood in both of the season's finals and beat them. Castro was adjudged as the MVP anew, beating Norwood. Proving himself to be a deserving grandslam MVP, he edged Reed Juntilla, Ken Bono, and Norwood in the race.
Professional career.
Singapore Slingers.
Castro signed with the Singapore Slingers during a televised ceremony in May 2008, and was supposed to be the first Filipino player in the National Basketball League, Australia's top-level professional basketball competition. However, about a month before the start of the season, the Slingers withdrew permanently from the NBL citing excessive transport costs to Australia.
Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters.
During his championship career with the Singapore Slingers, he decided to leave the team and joined the PBA. He sent an application to the Philippine Basketball Association enabling him to be included in the draft class of the 2008 PBA Draft at Market! Market! in Bonifacio Global City, Taguig. Castro was selected as the third overall pick of the Talk n' Text Tropang PhonePals courtesy of a trade that sent superstar Jay Washington to the San Miguel Beermen in exchange for the third pick that turned out to be Castro.
Recently he was awarded by the PSA to be part of the Nation's brightest starsm together with Manny Pacquiao, Manny Pangilinan, Manny Villar, Kelly Williams, Nonito Donaire, Wesley So and Willy Wang. He was also awarded by the PBA to be the Mr. Quality Minutes Player of the year beating Joseph Yeo. He averaged 9.1 points, 3.5 rebounds, 3.9 assists and 1.4 steals in the 2008-09 PBA season.
The season’s No. 3 draft pick was No. 7 in assists (3.9), No. 9 in assist-to-turnover ratio (1.8)
2010-2011 Philippine Cup
Talk N' Text won the championship against the San Miguel Beermen (4-2). He and Jimmy Alapag were titled as co-Finals MVP's.
2010-2011 Commissioner's Cup
Talk N' Text won back to back championships against another San Miguel Corporation franchise the Barangay Ginebra Kings. Castro was named the Finals MVP and co-siding again with Jimmy Alapag for two consecutive conferences.
National team.
Youth team.
Castro was in the roster of the Philippine basketball youth team in 2004.
SEABA and Southeast Asian Games.
In the midst of Jayson Castro's third season at Hapee, he was acquired by Junnel Baculli, his coach in PCU, to join the RP team with Marvin Cruz, JC Intal, Ryan Araña, Chad Alonzo, and Beau Belga, with 2 imports. They claimed the SEABA 2006 club championship crown.
In the middle of the 2nd season and 3rd season, he was again acquired. He was with Gabe Norwood, Beau Belga, Chad Alonzo, Eugene Tan, Patrick Cabahug, and Jeff Chan. They reached the finals but were unlucky as they lost the SEABA 2007 club championship crown. Castro was a MVP contender during this time.
Castro was a part of the Philippine national team in the 2007 Southeast Asian Games basketball tournament. The Philippines won the gold medal without losing a game.
2013 FIBA Asia Championship.
Jason Castro was part of the Philippines team who won the silver medal in the 2013 FIBA Asia Championship. He was part of the FIBA Mythical Team.
Honors.
Statistics.
"Correct as of November 29, 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="18442307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442307" title="Kingsway (Edmonton)">
Kingsway (Edmonton)

Kingsway, sometimes called Kingsway Avenue, is an arterial road in central Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, that runs on a northwest to southeast path, cutting through the city's normal grid pattern. It skirts just to the south of Edmonton City Centre Airport, and connects to Kingsway Mall and the Royal Alexandra Hospital.
Until 1939, the road was called Portage Avenue and represented the northern boundary of development. During the 1939 royal tour of Canada, 70,000 people lined the specially constructed grandstands to see the royal motorcade with King George VI, Queen Elizabeth, and Prime Minister King, the street was renamed in honour of King George VI. In 1951, their daughter, the then Princess Elizabeth, visited Edmonton, prompting the naming of the adjacent Princess Elizabeth Avenue. It starts as 118 Avenue, and turns southeast by 121 Street (where the CN rail line used to be), continues straight to 97 Street and turns east again as it becomes 108A Avenue.
Neighbourhoods.
List of neighbourhoods Kingsway runs through, in order from west to east.
Interchanges and intersections.
This is a list of major intersections, starting at the west end of Kingsway.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="18442317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442317" title="Beztrwogi coat of arms">
Beztrwogi coat of arms

Beztrwogi - is a Polish Coat of Arms. It was used by the Lipiński family in Congress Poland.
Notable bearers.
Notable bearers of this Coat of Arms include:

</doc>
<doc id="18442322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442322" title="Revenue Tariff Party (Tasmania)">
Revenue Tariff Party (Tasmania)

The Revenue Tariff Party, also known as the Tariff Reform Party, was a minor Australian political party that operated in Tasmania in 1903. It elected one member, William McWilliams, to the House of Representatives, and one member, Henry Dobson, to the Senate in the 1903 federal election. Both joined the Free Trade Party soon after the election, and the party was not heard of again.

</doc>
<doc id="18442341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442341" title="HD 219279">
HD 219279

HD 219279 is a double or multiple star.

</doc>
<doc id="18442347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442347" title="Jigalong Community, Western Australia">
Jigalong Community, Western Australia

Jigalong is a remote Australian Indigenous community of approximately 427 people located in Western Australia.
Location.
Jigalong is in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, approximately east of the town of Newman in the Shire of East Pilbara local government area. The community is located in an Aboriginal Lands Trust reserve on the western edge of the Little Sandy Desert.
Demographics and facilities.
The 2011 Australian Census recorded the population of Jigalong as 427 people, of which 76.1% were Aboriginal. 
The Jigalong Remote Community School provides education from kindergarten to Year 12 level, with six teachers for a student enrolment of around 120 children.
The community has a medical centre, but patients with serious illnesses and injury are usually flown to Port Hedland— west of Jigalong—by the Royal Flying Doctor Service.
History.
Jigalong was established in 1907, as the location for a maintenance and rations store for workmen constructing the Rabbit-proof fence. In the 1930s, it was used as a camel-breeding site, but this use was abandoned once the motor car superseded the camel as a mode of transport. In 1947, the land was granted to the Apostolic Church, who used it as a Christian mission, and set up the Aboriginal community. The land was returned to the Australian government in 1969, and was granted to the Martu people in 1974.
Native Title.
The community is covered by the Registered Nyiyaparli Title claim (WC05/6).
Town planning.
Jigalong Layout Plan No.2 was prepared in accordance with State Planning Policy 3.2 Aboriginal Settlements, and was endorsed by the community in 2005 and the WAPC in 2006. The layout plan map-set and background report can be viewed at http://www.planning.wa.gov.au/communitylayoutplans/1981.asp
"Rabbit-Proof Fence".
Jigalong was the home of Molly Craig, the young Aboriginal girl whose 1,600 kilometre trek from the Moore River Native Settlement back to Jigalong was immortalised in the book "Follow the Rabbit-Proof Fence" by Molly's daughter Doris Pilkington Garimara. In 2002, the book was made into a film, "Rabbit-Proof Fence", directed by Phillip Noyce, and the film's world premiere was held in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18442360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442360" title="Academia Mexicana de la Historia">
Academia Mexicana de la Historia

The Academia Mexicana de la Historia ("Mexican Academy of History", also known by the acronym AMH) is a national academy in Mexico, whose purpose is to promote and propagate historical studies within Mexico, conduct research into all aspects of the history of Mexico, and to contribute towards the preservation of the national cultural heritage. It is a correspondent academy to the "Real Academia de la Historia" in Madrid, the equivalent national academy of history in Spain.
The AMH was formally constituted on September 12, 1919, after several previous attempts to form such a body had not come to fruition. Originally the AMH was established with 24 positions or numbered chairs ("sillones de número") for full members ("académicos de número"). In 1990 this number was increased to 30, made up of 22 members resident in Mexico City ("miembros residentes") and 8 external members from the Mexican states ("miembros foráneos"). In addition, there are a number of correspondent members ("corresponsales") from both within Mexico ("corresponsales nacionales") and from other countries ("corresponsales extranjeros").

</doc>
<doc id="18442367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442367" title="Aloys Zötl">
Aloys Zötl

Aloys Zötl (born 4 December 1803 in Freistadt; died 21 October 1887 in Eferding) was an Austrian painter and master dyer. 
Biography.
Aloys Zotl was born in Upper Austria. He is notable for his painting of fantastical animals and other natural history subjects. Decades after his death, Zötl's work was re-discovered by surrealist André Breton who recognized a surrealist aesthetic in it writing "…Lacking any biographical details about the artist, one can only indulge one's fantasies in imagining the reasons which might have induced this workman from Upper Austria, a dyer by profession, to undertake so zealously between 1832 and 1887 the elaboration of the most sumptuous bestiary ever seen."

</doc>
<doc id="18442370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442370" title="James Barton Adams">
James Barton Adams

James Barton Adams (April 17, 1843–1918) was one of the few cowboy poets published prior to the 1900s, with the book, "Breezy Western Verse" in 1889. He was included in several collections, including John A. Lomax's "Songs of the Cattle Train and Cow Camp" (Macmillan Co., 1919). In 1945, Louis Untermeyer included Adams' poem, "Bill's in Trouble" in the collection, "The Pocket Book of Story Poems" (Pocket Books, Inc. 1945). Most recently, Adams' poems, "The Cowboy's Dance Song" and "Cowboy Goes a Courtin", were included in the book, "Cowboy Love Poetry: Verse from the Heart of the West" (Angel City Press, 1994).

</doc>
<doc id="18442431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442431" title="Wellington Sandoval">
Wellington Sandoval

Wellington Sandoval Córdova is a surgeon and former politician of Ecuador, who served as the Minister of National Defence between August 31, 2007 and April 9, 2008. Since October 2008 he has served as his country's Ambassador to Argentina.
He holds a PhD from the Central University of Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="18442436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442436" title="Petersburg Generating Station">
Petersburg Generating Station

Petersburg Generating Station is a major coal-fired power plant in Indiana, rated at 1.87-GW nameplate capacity. It is located on the White River near Petersburg in Pike County, Indiana, just upstream from a much smaller coal-fired Frank E. Ratts Generating Station. Petersburg G.S. is owned and operated by Indianapolis Power & Light.
Units 1, 2, and 3, rated at 253.4, 471, and 574.3 MWe, were launched into operation in 1967, 1969, and 1977 respectively. Unit 4, rated at 574.2 MWe, was launched in 1986. There are also three minor oil-burning internal combustion units, rated at 2.7 MWe each, all launched in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="18442452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442452" title="Ludwig Western Railway">
Ludwig Western Railway

The Ludwig Western Railway ("Ludwigs-West-Bahn") is a German railway line that was originally funded by the Kingdom of Bavaria. It runs from Bamberg via Würzburg to Aschaffenburg and on into the former 'Kurhessian' Hanau. 
History.
In the 1840s it was already clear that improvements to the navigation of inland waterways provided by the building of the canal between the rivers Main and Danube, fostered by King Ludwig I of Bavaria, had not triumphed over the railways. After the king had given up his opposition to a main railway line, parliament passed the law for the construction of Ludwig's Western Railway on 23 March 1846, the second main line to be built by the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staats-Eisenbahnen").
Operations were first begun on the Hanau–Aschaffenburg section by the Frankfurt-Hanau Railway ("Frankfurt-Hanauer Eisenbahn") and transferred to the Hessian Ludwigsbahn from 1863. The latter also acquired ownership of the section now running through Prussia in 1872. In 1893 the Hessian Ludwigsbahn – and its ownership and running powers – were transferred to the Prussian state railways.
Construction and Operation of the Route.
After delays due to the years of revolution around 1848, the route was able to be opened in sections from 1852.
The route runs from Bamberg, the junction with the Ludwig South-North Railway, to Schweinfurt, from Würzburg to Lohr and from Aschaffenburg to Kahl in the Main valley. From Schweinfurt to Würzburg it runs away from the loop in the Main, taking a short cut across the triangle of land formed by the Main over gently rolling hill country. Würzburg Hauptbahnhof (main station) was the terminus inside the fortified city until 1869. From Lohr to Aschaffenburg the railway line again takes a short cut away from the Main and crosses the Spessart highlands in a relatively straight line through a tunnel, following the course of the Laufach and Aschaff valleys. At the state border in Kahl it connects to a line opened by the Frankfurt-Hanau Railway on 22 June 1854, who operated the section from the border to Aschaffenburg as a leased railway. In this way Bavaria had linked the two important commercial cities of Leipzig and Frankfurt am Main with railway routes.
Structures.
The most important structures on the line include a tunnel in Schweinfurt, the bridge over the confluence of the Franconian Saale and Franconian Sinn with the river Main at Gemünden, the Schwarzkopf tunnel and the two railway embankments at Hain im Spessart, which are part of the famous Spessart ramp.
Also noteworthy is the station building at Veitshöchheim which has been preserved in its original state, and has a particularly representative layout including a royal pavilion in the same style as Schloss Veitshöchheim.
Expansion.
The route was planned and laid for two tracks, but only entered service as a single-track line as far as the incline on the 
Spessart ramp from Heigenbrücken to Laufach. The next twin-track section was the stretch from Rottendorf to Würzburg after the line from Fürth to Rottendorf was opened in 1865. The second track was laid on the remaining sections by the 1890s.
The line was electrified on the following sections: Rottendorf–Würzburg in 1954, Würzburg–Aschaffenburg in 1957, Aschaffenburg–Frankfurt/Darmstadt in 1960 and Bamberg–Schweinfurt–Rottendorf in 1971.
Significance Today.
The section from Würzburg to Aschaffenburg runs today under the name of the Main-Spessart Railway and continues to be one of the most important stretches of railway line in Germany.
The Rottendorf-Bamberg section, (today KBS 810, Würzburg–Bamberg, in the timetable) lost its importance for passenger traffic between Würzburg and Nuremberg when the direct line from Rottendorf via Kitzingen to Fürth was opened. The section Bamberg–Schweinfurt–Waigolshausen (with a junction to the Werntal Railway to Gemünden) is important for goods traffic.
The Schweinfurt–Würzburg section, which had become part of the Berlin-Stuttgart(-Rome) link via Erfurt with the opening of the Brandleite tunnel in 1884, lost its importance for long-distance services after the division of Germany in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18442482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442482" title="Symmetric inverse semigroup">
Symmetric inverse semigroup

In abstract algebra, the set formula_1 of all partial one-one transformations on a set "X" forms an inverse semigroup, called
the symmetric inverse semigroup (or monoid) on "X". In general formula_1 is not commutative. More details are available in the discussion on the origins of the inverse semigroup.
Finite symmetric inverse semigroups.
When "X" is a finite set {1, ..., "n"}, the inverse semigroup of one-one partial transformations is denoted by "C""n" and its elements are called charts. The notion of chart generalizes the notion of permutation.
References.
S. Lipscomb, "Symmetric Inverse Semigroups", AMS Mathematical Surveys and Monographs (1997), ISBN 0-8218-0627-0.

</doc>
<doc id="18442491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18442491" title="S. Omar Barker">
S. Omar Barker

S. Omar Barker (1894–1985), an oft-recited cowboy poet was born in a log cabin in New Mexico where he lived his entire life as a rancher, teacher and writer. He published many books, including"Vientos de las Sierras" (1924), "Buckaroo Ballads" (1928) and "Rawhide Rhymes: Singing Poems of the Old West" (Doubleday, 1968). 
Squire Omar Barker, named after his father, was born on a small mountain ranch at Beulah, New Mexico, in 1894, youngest of the eleven children of Squire Leander and Priscilla Jane Barker. He grew up on the family homestead, attended high school and college in Las Vegas, New Mexico, was in his youth a teacher of Spanish, a high school principal, a forest ranger, a sergeant of the 502nd Engineers in France in World War I, a trombone player in Doc Patterson's Cowboy Band, a state legislator and a newspaper correspondent. He began writing and selling stories, articles, and poems as early as 1914 and became a full-time writer at the end of his legislative term in 1925. He married Elsa McCormick of Hagerman, New Mexico, in 1927, and she also became a noted writer of Western stories.
He once estimated his career output at about 1,500 short stories and novelettes, about 1,200 factual articles, about 2,000 poems. They appeared in a broad range of publications from pulp magazines to such prestigious slicks as Saturday Evening Post and a varied array of general newspapers and magazines. He produced five volumes of poetry, one book of short stories and one novel, Little World Apart, as well as one western cookbook with Carol Truax. He was even a co-writer for one episode of the TV western "Sugarfoot" in 1957.
The work probably best known to the general public was his poem, "A Cowboy's Christmas Prayer," which has been printed more than one hundred times, recorded by Tennessee Ernie Ford and Jimmy Dean, and plagiarized more than once. He won the Western Writers of America Spur Award twice and was the 1967 recipient of the Levi Strauss Saddleman Award for bringing honor and dignity to the Western legend. In 1975 he was named an honorary president of WWA, of which he was one of the founding fathers and an early president. Elsa also served a term as president. In 1978 he was the first living author to be inducted into the Hall of Fame of Great Westerners in the National Cowboy Hall of Fame, Oklahoma City.
He was well known as the Sage of Sapello and the Poet Lariat of New Mexico.
Barker used to submit stories and poems to a bi-weekly Western pulp magazine called Ranch Romances. Sometime in the 1930s, he was asked by the editor to rewrite a story submitted by an old Texas cowhand about his life of driving cattle. This cowhand's name was Jack Potter. This started a collaboration between the two that lasted for years. Potter had two books of his published, including "Lead Steer and Other Tales" (1939). It that book he wrote how he met and courted his wife, Cordie, and how he proposed. With Jack's permission, Barker turned that narrative into a poem entitled "Jack Potter's Courtin'" That poem was published in Ranch Romances in September,1941. It has become one of S. Omar Barker's most recited poems.
Prior to publication, however, Potter sent out a copy of "Jack Potter's Courtin'" as a Christmas greeting in 1940. It was professionally printed on the letterhead of the Trail Drivers and Pioneers Association of New Mexico. The stationery also lists officers of the organization, including Jack M. Potter, President, and S. Omar Barker, Historian and Poet. So it seems their trails crossed in connection with involvements other than writing.
Jack and Cordie had a long life together. By the time she died they had been married for over 63 years. Following her death in 1948 Barker sent a letter of condolence to Potter, who responded, "It was awful nice in you writing that nice letter paying tribute to my dear wife. She though a lot of You and Mrs. B, She was always hearing something nice from you."
He often signed his books with his initials and trademark brand, "Lazy SOB."

</doc>
