<doc id="18503815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503815" title="Derek Townsley">
Derek Townsley

Derek Johnstone Townsley (born 21 March 1973 in Carlisle) is an English former professional footballer. His clubs included Gretna, Queen of the South, Motherwell, Hibernian and Oxford United. Townsley was normally a midfielder, although he was a versatile player and also played in attack and defence.
Career.
Gretna (1st spell) and Queen of the South.
Prior to being a fully professional footballer, Townsley worked as a postman. While in his first spell with Gretna, who were a Northern Premier League club at the time, he played in the FA Cup 1st round match against the First Division side Bolton. Townsley scored in the match but Gretna lost 3–2.
He began his senior career in 1996 when he joined Dumfries side Queen of the South, with chairman Norman Blount getting the wheels moving on the club's revival. Townsley's creative talents made him a mainstay of the team as the club were rebuilding in the late 1990s. Including an early career appearance for Jamie McAllister, the club reached the Scottish Challenge Cup final for the first time in 1997. Second Division Queens lost 1–0 to First Division side Falkirk at Fir Park. Townsley had a late chance to score an equaliser teed up by man of the match Tommy Bryce. Townsley's shot went over the bar.
Motherwell and Hibernian.
Townsley moved into full-time football for the first time at the age of 26 when he joined Motherwell on 31 May 1999.
He was then signed by Hibernian manager Alex McLeish in July 2001 after his contract with Motherwell expired. Townsley struggled to hold down a place under the management of McLeish, but he got into the team more regularly after Bobby Williamson was appointed manager in February 2002. Townsley also popped up with a few goals, including one in a remarkable Edinburgh derby that finished 4–4. Townsley left Hibs at the end of his contract to sign for Oxford United.
Oxford United, Gretna (2nd spell) and later career.
Townsley only stayed with Oxford for six months before returning to Gretna. Now bankrolled by Brooks Mileson, Townsley re-joined a vastly different club to the non-league outfit that he left early in his career. He played an important part in Gretna's successive promotions and played in the 2006 Scottish Cup Final. The team was then largely 'ripped apart' by Director of Football, Mick Wadsworth, in preparation for their only season in the Scottish Premier League.
He moved to Workington in February 2007, before moving onto Newcastle Blue Star and Penrith Town. In July 2008, Townsley signed for Scottish Football League newcomers Annan Athletic as a player and assistant manager. He announced his retirement from playing at the end of the 2009–10 season, also choosing to step down from his assistant position at the same time.
Personal life.
He is married with a son. Townsley owns his own painting and decorating business in Carlisle.

</doc>
<doc id="18503820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503820" title="Home (Bone Thugs-n-Harmony song)">
Home (Bone Thugs-n-Harmony song)

"Home" is a song by rap group Bone Thugs-n-Harmony released as the third single from their album "Thug World Order". The song features samples from British singer Phil Collins' song "Take Me Home".
Music video.
The group flew to Geneva, Switzerland in order to feature Collins in the video. The video carries a serious and reflective tone, with the Bone Thugs and Collins walking separately around the city, interpolating between quick flash scenes of the city streets, scenes of a drumming parade, and the members rapping (singing in Collins' case) either inside a train station or at one of several spots outside (mostly accompanied by at least one other member). Emphasizing the difference between Collins and the rappers, his motions are noticeably calmer and less vivid than Bone's.
Bizzy's verse was removed from the video version due to his no longer being in the group at the time.
Reception.
"Home" was less than well-received in the United States mainstream; in addition to failing to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, Bone collaborating with Collins was ranked #9 on VH1's "Top 20 Least Hip-Hop Moments in History" special. However, the song gained more positive attention overseas, particularly in the United Kingdom, as it peaked at number 19 in the UK's Top 40 charts. Due to the latter, Bone Thugs-n-Harmony decided to name Phil Collins an honorary member under the moniker "Chrome Bone".

</doc>
<doc id="18503822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503822" title="Nick Tandy">
Nick Tandy

Nick Tandy (born 5 November 1984 in Bedford, England) is a professional British racecar driver.
Career.
Ministox.
Tandy followed brother Joe's route on the motor racing ladder, by starting out as an eleven-year-old in short oval Ministox machinery, in 1996. Immediate success came to him, as he won the Midland region of Ministox. 1997 saw a shift to the East Anglian Ministox region, where Tandy ended as runner-up. 1998 saw Tandy finish as runner-up in the world championship, behind brother Joe and also finished third in the national championship. He would go two places better in 1999, as he claimed the Spedeworth points title. Tandy won four different championships in 2000. Winning the ORC Championship at RAF Bovingdon, he continued the success at Arlington, Eastbourne (Southern), and at Wimbledon Stadium (London), before retaining the Spedeworth points title.
Mini Se7ens.
Continuing the Mini theme, Tandy moved into Mini Se7ens in time for the 2001 Winter Series. He ended up third in the championship, won eventually by Kelly Rogers. Tandy moved into the main series for 2002, but struggled to find form and eventually languished down in tenth in the overall championship standings. A second Winter Series campaign followed, and improved his 2001 position by one by finishing runner-up. He competed in two more seasons in the main championship, amassing four wins in 2003.
Formula Ford.
After a year in the BRDC Single Seater Championship, which he dominated in 2005 (11 wins from 14 races) and earning a Scholarship from Silverstone, Tandy moved into the British Formula Ford Championship in 2006. Tandy had an impressive first season in the championship, finishing as runner-up in the standings, with 365 points. Although, he was over 150 points behind dominating champion Nathan Freke. Tandy had started out at the Raysport team but with his car lacking upgrades, decided to jump ship with four races to go and become the first driver for his brother's newly setup team. A win and a second place at both Thruxton and Castle Combe allowed Nick to overhaul Peter Dempsey, Christian Ebbesvik and James Nash to achieve that runner-up position behind Freke. He then proceeded to win the 2006 Formula Ford Festival on the road, before a 10-second penalty was added post-race for a safety car misdemeanour, dropping him to fifth. He continued in the championship in 2007, but finished one place lower in the standings, finishing third overall. Tandy and James Nash were involved in a titanic battle for the runner-up spot (as Callum MacLeod finishing some 130 points clear of the pair), which was eventually settled by just twelve points. Tandy won six races throughout the season, and finished on the podium on ten other occasions. After his close call the previous year, Tandy won the Formula Ford Festival at the end of the season, but only after MacLeod was given a two-second penalty post-race.
Formula Palmer Audi.
After his Formula Ford Festival win, Tandy signed a very late deal to compete in the Formula Palmer Audi Autumn Trophy, and in particular the Formula Palmer Audi Shootout. The Shootout guarantees a place on the shortlist for the McLaren Autosport BRDC Award for the driver who scores the most points over the course of the three-race weekend at Snetterton. Thanks to two wins, and a fourth (although the fourth was irrelevant due to best two scores), Tandy won the Shootout and was part of the shortlist. However, he would lose out to Stefan Wilson.
Formula Three.
After two years in Formula Ford, Tandy moved into the highly competitive British Formula Three Championship for the 2008 season. Driving for his brother's team and piloting the unfavourable Mygale chassis, Tandy started with three retirements. He steadily improved throughout the season, and recorded his first podium during the overseas round at Spa-Francorchamps, in support of the Spa 24 Hours. Two more podiums came towards the end of the season at Silverstone and Donington Park, as he ended up ninth overall, overtaking Max Chilton at the Donington finale. He also competed in the guest car in the Porsche Carrera Cup at Silverstone, winning the first race.
Tandy continued in the series in 2009, and also continued to use the Mygale chassis and Mercedes engines. With Ultimate Motorsport pulling out of the series, JTR became the "de facto" lead team for Mygale, with Nick being touted as a championship contender. After a double podium at the Oulton Park opener, Tandy suffered a somewhat disappointing weekend at Silverstone with low points finishes. After his brother's death, the team vowed to carry on in both Formula Three and in Formula Ford. Eighteen days after his brother's death, Tandy scored his and the team's first win with a dominating performance at Rockingham. Having negotiated the first lap incident which took out rivals Daniel Ricciardo and Renger van der Zande, Tandy drove away from the field to win by 8.608 seconds from Henry Arundel and Adriano Buzaid. Nick is also noted for his pace over a single lap, having recorded four fastest laps from the first eight races of the championship, and at one point, lay third in the standings.
After Carlo van Dam left Kolles & Heinz Union, Tandy was signed up to drive at the Norisring in the Formula Three Euroseries. The following weekend, Tandy signed a deal to compete in the rest of the Euroseries campaign, but a clause in the contract meant that he did not compete again in the rest of the British championship. Tandy left the team before the Dijon-Prenois rounds.
Porsche Carrera Cup Germany & Porsche Supercup.
Tandy was then offered the opportunity to compete in the Porsche Carrera Cup Germany at the Dijon-Prenois rounds with Konrad Motorsport were on his debut with no testing, finished 2nd.
Following this performance Tandy was given a drive with Konrad in Porsche Supercup at the Abu Dhabi round supporting Formula 1. He was again on the podium with a 2nd place.
Having impressed in the 2009 season finale, Tandy now drives on a permanent basis for the German-based team in the Porsche Mobil 1 Supercup; he started the 2010 Porsche Supercup season with an excellent qualifying performance and was rewarded with a podium in the opening rounds, and Tandy swiftly went on to take his first Porsche Supercup win on 11 July 2010 at the British circuit, Silverstone GP, in superb fashion with a classic lights to flag victory. Tandy's full debut season ended with him putting in a strong challenge for the title, taking the fight with eventual winner René Rast, to the final race at the famous Autodromo Nazionale Monza. Tandy returned for a second season in 2011 but he failed to achieve his ambition of winning the title after only winning one race at Abu Dhabi and finishing 5th in the championship.
In the German Cup he came close to winning the championship in 2010 after winning five races but also finished two races outside the top fifteen and retired at the final round. He won the 2011 championship winning three races and finishing on the podium seven times.
International GT.
In 2012 Tandy started in various sports car racing series such as the American Le Mans Series, the ADAC GT Masters and the International GT Open. Together with Marco Holzer, his teammate at Manthey Racing, he became runner-up of the 2012 International GT Open season. He won the traditional Porsche Cup for the best private Porsche racing driver.
Shortly after that, Tandy has been signed as the tenth Porsche works driver. His first official race was the 2013 24 Hours of Daytona Nick Tandy won the GT class of the 2013 Petit Le Mans and resulted third at the 12 Hours of Sebring, driving for Team Falken Tire alongside Wolf Henzler and Bryan Sellers. He also won the GTC class at American Le Mans Series race at Laguna Seca with NGT Motorsport. Also, he won two races at the European Le Mans Series in the GTE class, ending third in the standings.
Tandy joined the Porsche factory team at the United SportsCar Championship for the 2014 season. He will share a Porsche 911 RSR in the GTLM class with Richard Lietz. He won the season-opening Rolex 24 at Daytona with Lietz and Patrick Pilet.
Personal life.
Tandy lives on his family's farm in Pavenham, Bedfordshire and was educated at the local state schools: Pinchmill Lower School in Felmersham, Lincroft Middle School in Oakley and Sharnbrook Upper School and Community College in Sharnbrook. Nick's brother Joe died in a road traffic accident in Bromham, Bedfordshire on 13 May 2009. Nick drove for his late brother's team, Joe Tandy Racing, from 2006 until his Euroseries deal in mid-2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18503827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503827" title="Belfield">
Belfield

Belfield may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18503829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503829" title="St Leonard, Eastcheap">
St Leonard, Eastcheap

St. Leonard, Eastcheap, sometimes referred to as "St Leonard Milkchurch", was a parish church in the City of London. Of medieval origin, it was destroyed in the Great Fire of London in 1666 and not rebuilt.
History.
The church stood in Fish Street Hill, on the corner of Eastcheap, in the ward of Bridge Within. It was also known as St Leonard Milkchurch, a name, according to John Stow, derived from one of its builders, William Melker. Its existence is recorded as early as 1259,
During the 19th century, excavations in Eastcheap for the new Metropolitan District Railway, revealed the foundations of the church. They showed the remains of a long chancel and a nave, the masonry on the north side of which incorporated what was believed to be Roman brickwork.
The patronage of the church belonged to the prior and abbey of Christchurch, Canterbury, and then to the dean and chapter of Canterbury Cathedral.
The church contained monuments to the members of the Dogget family, including John Dogget, who died in about 1456 and gave land to the church. 
In 1618 the church was badly damaged by fire. The steeple, with its lead-covered spire, and the west end of the church were so badly damaged that they had to be demolished, and reconstructed on new foundations. The south wall was then also rebuilt, and other repairs made. The church was destroyed in the Great Fire of 1666 and not rebuilt. Instead its parish was united with that of St Benet Gracechurch and the site of the church retained as graveyard.
Present day.
The parish now forms part of the combined parish of "St Edmund the King and Martyr, and St Mary Woolnoth Lombard Street with St Nicholas Acons, All Hallows Lombard Street, St Benet Gracechurch, St Leonard Eastcheap, St Dionis Backchurch and St Mary Woolchurch Haw" - usually shortened to "St Edmund & St Mary Woolnoth". It is part of the Church of England's Diocese of London.

</doc>
<doc id="18503832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503832" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Thailand">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Thailand

The Episcopal Conference of Thailand is composed of 2 ecclesiastical provinces, each headed by an archbishop, and 8 suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18503833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503833" title="Nikolai Ilyin">
Nikolai Ilyin

Nikolai Sazontovich Ilyin (also spelled Il'in) (1809-1890) – a Russian retired military officer, writer and religious thinker, in the 1840s founded and led an apocalyptic millenarian movement of Yehowists (Russian: Еговисты), or Yehowists-Ilyinites that has survived in parts of the former Soviet Union up to this day.
Ilyin's Early Years.
Ilyin, as many other Christian mystics, turned to the most secret text of the New Testament, Apocalypse and thoroughly studied commentaries on the Book of Revelation. This caused Ilyin to revise his views on church and Christianity and ultimately led to his decision to leave Orthodoxy. Deep personal experiences and insights of religious nature gradually led him away from the strictly Orthodox way of thinking, and his initially eclectic world view evolved into a specific doctrine.
In 1846 Ilyin was transferred to Ekaterinburg and, in the following year, to the nearby settlement of Barancha. Around 1850 Ilyin began to write his first decidedly non-Orthodox book, "Sionskaia vest’ (The Message of Zion)". The book that Ilyin called his "Good News" (Благовест, Blagovest), contained a teaching of a coming battle between God and Satan and the division of people between “those of the right hand” and “those of the left hand”, an allusion to verses of Matthew (25:32, 33). The essence of the true religion, according to Ilyin, was Love alone, not any external forms of worship or rituals. The law of Love, common for the ancient Hebrew prophets and the teachings of Jesus Christ, would be a foundation for the unification of faiths. Although Ilyin primarily strove for the unification of Christians and Jews, his call for unity was likewise directed to Muslims, who are also descendants of Abraham. "Desnoe Bratstvo" (literally “Brotherhood of those of the Right Hand”, sometimes translated by Western researches as The Righteous Brotherhood) became an initial name of their group used by Ilyin and his friends.
Imprisonment (1859–1879).
The civil and ecclesiastical authorities became aware of the new dissenter movement. Nikolai Ilyin and his friends were arrested, and came to trial in 1859. As a result, Ilyin was found guilty and sent to Solovetski Monastery in the North of Russia, “for the purposes of spiritual correction”. A number of Ilyin’s friends and sympathizers were demoted, transferred to remote areas or rebuked for their association with the heresy.
Ilyin’s sojourn in the monastery did not differ much from imprisonment. Although the Solovki was the largest site of monastic confinement in Russia, more than a dozen monasteries throughout the country were used as places of the “spiritual correction”. Prugavin wrote, quoting one of the former prisoners of the Solovki, that the Solovki prison was a truly unbearable place. Windows would not open, and it was hard to breathe, food was very bad and the prisoners were happy when they were given fresh bread. Inmates could not use candles even during long northern nights. The internal policies of the prison forbade any contacts of an inmate with outsiders without explicit permission of the abbot (arkhimandrit), any letter exchange, and delivery of parcels or monies, among other restrictions.
He could not leave the monastery, receive visitors, even family members, interact with other inmates, deliberately choose books for reading or freely exchange correspondence with anyone. He was required to listen to the admonitions the monks gave him in order to make him repent. After many unsuccessful petitions Ilyin’s daughter Natalia got permission to visit her father in 1868. After a week’s stay in the Monastery with the father, the young woman returned with gray hair.
Although the access of visitors to the inmates of the Solovki monastic prison was forbidden, a British journalist, historian and traveller William Hepworth Dixon managed to arrange for a short meeting with Nikolai Ilyin some time in the 1860s on his extensive travel across Russia. This is how Dixon describes Ilyin: “An aged, handsome man, like Kossuth in appearance, starts astonished from his seat; unused, as it would seem, to such disturbance of his cell. A small table, a few books, a pallet bed, are the only furnishings of his room, the window of which is ribbed and crossed with iron… A table holds some scraps of books and journals; the prisoner being allowed, it seems, to receive such things from the outer world, though he is not permitted to send out a single line of writing.”
Dixon even attempted petitioning on behalf of the prisoner, but his plea was turned down upon examining Ilyin’s dossier by the Russian Ministry of Interior. Dixon expressed his appreciation and admiration of Il’in in the following words: “Yet men like Nicolas Ilyin are the salt of the earth; men who will go through fire and water for their thought; men who would live a true life in a dungeon rather than a false life in the richest mansions of the world.”
In 1873 Ilyin was transferred to Spaso-Evfimiev Monastery in Suzdal, which was the second largest monastic prison in Russia, because his health was deteriorating quickly in the very cold and humid climate of Solovki. Ilyin spent a total of 20 years (1859–1879) in monastic confinement. In spite of the strict control, he used every opportunity to write and communicate with his followers and kept on writing when he could. A major work written by Nikolai Ilyin in the monastery is called "Luch sveta dlia rassveta (A Ray of Light for the Dawn)". The book consists of nine parts and is devoted to a wide range of doctrinal and practical questions, from apocalyptic prophecies to the internal structure and code of conduct for the members of the Righteous Brotherhood. In fact, it was from about the time of his transfer from Suzdal’, that Ilyin began calling his fellow-believers Yehowists.
Towards the end of the 1870s the health of Ilyin got especially bad. He suffered from severe headaches and nervous exhaustion. Once a nurse applied a leech so close to Ilyin’s eye, that the eye flew out. Under those circumstances Ilyin’s family and friends resumed petitioning on his behalf, and, finally, in July 1879 Ilyin was set free and ordered to settle in a village called Palangen in the predominantly Lutheran Kurland province (now Latvia) with the specific purpose to prevent Il’in from spreading his views among the Orthodox population. A little later Ilyin got the permission to move to the town of Mitau (now Jelgava, Latvia) of the same province.
Last Years of Ilyin (1879 – 1890).
Liberation of the leader led to a certain revival among the Yehowists in the Urals. New pamphlets were coming to Barancha, Nizhnii Tagil and other Urals towns, while money gathered by the Yehowists was being sent to Mitau as Ilyin’s financial situation after his liberation was critical. Letters of Ilyin to his followers in different places of the Empire show that the amount of single-time donations sent to Mitau ranged anywhere from modest two rubles to fifty rubles (an average monthly salary of a factory worker at that time) depending on the size and material well-being of the Yehowist group that made donations. It should be said that Ilyin tried to re-distribute money flows so that isolated and poor Yehowists could get subsistence. He also urged local leaders to create monetary trusts and common treasuries to help the neediest of the brethren.
Ilyin continued writing books and sending them to his followers in the Urals and to a number of actual and potential readers throughout the Empire and abroad. Many of his writings of that time concluded with invitations to contact the author with any questions or should readers need more copies. Already in Ilyin’s lifetime communities of Yehowists were founded in North Caucasus (Pyatigorsk) and Transcaucasian regions, while isolated families and individual believers could be found in many provinces of the Russian Empire. His followers were fervently distributing the booklets, making converts among the factory workers and others, and annoying local authorities.
A new trial of the Yehowists-Ilyinites began in Ekaterinburg in 1886. In 1887 Ilyin was arrested again and sent to Ekaterinburg to appear before the court, since all other convicts resided in that area. About two months later, on August 30, 1887, Ilyin was set free on bail. He took advantage of his unexpected freedom and went to Nizhnii Tagil and Barancha to visit and encourage his friends. This sudden visit led to an outburst of joy and optimistic expectations among the followers of Ilyin, quite depressed by the trial and arrests of many of their number. Yehowists hoped their brethren would be freed soon. In fact, however, Il’in was arrested again on September 13 as the authorities knew he was encouraging the sectarians and holding meetings with them, and he was put back into the Ekaterinburg prison.
Nikolai Ilyin underwent a medical checkup in January, 1888, and was found not fit for any further court proceedings. The trial was suspended until his recovery. Ilyin was sent back to Mitau early in 1889 and immediately put under strict police surveillance. Upon his return to Kurland Il’in resumed writing and mailing out his brochures in spite of his fragile health. No recovery followed, though. Nikolai Ilyin died in Mitau on July 3, 1890. The place of his burial is unknown.
The Yehowist Movement After Ilyin.
The religious movement of Yehowists is still active in parts of the former USSR. They keep distributing the message of Nikolai Ilyin through printed and electronic media. The latter, for instance, include a multi-language Yehowist website at http://www.svetoch.org

</doc>
<doc id="18503847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503847" title="Harish Mehta">
Harish Mehta

Harish Mehta is a university lecturer, whose research areas encompass the history of American Foreign Relations, World History, Southeast Asian history, the Vietnam Wars, the Middle East, and Postcolonial India.
Books.
Dr. Mehta has written three books on Cambodia: "Hun Sen: Strongman of Cambodia" (co-author Julie Mehta) is based on several hours of interviews with Prime Minister Hun Sen, whom the authors have known personally for twenty-one years. Although this is an authorized biography published in 1999, book reviewers have written that the account is fairly balanced, and provides new perspectives on a leader whose life has been shrouded in secrecy. A new and updated edition of the Hun Sen biography is forthcoming in 2012: it will contain more than 100 new pages, and new interviews with Hun Sen.
Mehta's 2001 book "Warrior Prince: Norodom Ranariddh, Son of King Sihanouk of Cambodia" is based on several hours of interviews with Prince Norodom Ranariddh, his wife Princess Marie Ranariddh (interviewed by Julie), his brother Prince Norodom Chakrapong, and Prince Chakrapong's son Prince Norodom Buddhapong, as well as several actors in Cambodian politics. King Sihanouk was critical of the book, and issued several press statements in order to correct the historical record.
As a New Left Historian, Mehta is supportive of the efforts by King Norodom Sihanouk to create a neutral and non-aligned Cambodia. Mehta praises King Sihanouk's influential role as a leading global voice for national liberation struggles in several decolonizing countries in Asia in his public statements and in signed editorials in Kambuja magazine. Mehta argues that historians will remember King Sihanouk as a nationalist who attempted to keep his country free from the hegemony of both the United States and the Soviet Union. Prime Minister Hun Sen, likewise, opposes American intervention in his country.
Mehta's 1997 book "Cambodia Silenced: The Press Under Six Regimes" is the first effort to document the troubled history of the Cambodian press. These three books have been widely cited in historical works and dissertations by scholars.
Mehta has articles have appeared in the journal "Peace and Change", and "Diplomatic History" in 2012. He is working on a full-length book on North Vietnam's people's diplomacy.
Awards.
As a historian, Mehta has won several academic awards, among which is the Samuel Flagg Bemis Award in 2008 and 2007 given by the Society of Historians of American Foreign Relations.
In 1989, he won the Journalist of the Year award from the Press Foundation of Asia, Manila and the Mitsubishi Public Affairs Committee, Japan.
Education.
Born in Lucknow, he was educated at La Martiniere College (he was in Hodson House), and at the Canning College at the University of Lucknow. He was an International Freedom Forum Fellow and graduate student at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. His Ph.D. dissertation at McMaster University is on North Vietnam's diplomacy during the American war in Vietnam. He argues that the people of North Vietnam conducted remarkably successful diplomacy despite the meager economic and military strength of their country. He has conducted research in the Vietnamese archives, and speaks and writes Vietnamese ("tieng Viet").
Academic career.
May–June 2011 Lecturer. History 3KK3, The Vietnam War, Department of History, McMaster University. This third-year undergraduate course examines the U.S. war in Vietnam from multiple perspectives.
Jan 2011-Apr 2011 Instructor. History 1702H, World History, From 1800 to the Present, Trent University, Department of History, Oshawa, Ontario, Canada. This half-year course surveys global history with emphasis on colonialism, wars of liberation, 20th Century wars and revolutions, modern globalization, and emphasizes gender and race.
Sept 2010-Dec 2011 Instructor. History 1701H, World History to 1800, Trent University, Department of History, Oshawa, Ontario, Canada. This half-year course surveys global history with emphasis on types of warfare, empire, hegemony, patriarchy, cross-cultural encounters, and archaic globalization.
Sept-Dec 2010 Lecturer. History 377H1-F, 20th Century American Foreign Relations, Department of History, University of Toronto. This third-year undergraduate course surveys the history of the foreign relations of the United States from 1898 to the present with special focus on U.S. military interventions in the War of 1898, the First and Second World Wars, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, and current conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, with an emphasis on gender and race.
June-Aug 2009 Instructor. History 3KK3, The Vietnam War, Department of History, McMaster University.
Journalistic career.
He began his journalistic career in the late-1970s as a reporter on "Bombay" magazine of the India Today Group. In the early-1980s, he was National Affairs Editor/Associate Editor of Gentleman magazine, a Bombay based features magazine that pursued serious investigative journalism under the helm of editor Minhaz Merchant, and ran stories and columns by the Indian poet Dom Moraes, and others. Later, Mehta worked as Associate Publisher and Managing Editor of the Bombay-based "Imprint" magazine when Moraes was editor.
In the late 1980s, he moved to Singapore as Indochina Correspondent for the Business Times, covering Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos. He was then posted as Indochina correspondent in Bangkok. After completing his assignment with the Business Times, he wrote country reports on Thailand for The Economist Intelligence Unit. Mehta has traveled to Vietnam and Cambodia more than one hundred times since 1990.
Harish is married to Julie Mehta, a scholar of Postcolonial studies, who teaches at the University of Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="18503861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503861" title="Lovebox Dublin">
Lovebox Dublin

Lovebox Dublin is an Irish one-day music festival that has taken place in 2007 and 2008. The 2007 event took place in Malahide Castle on Saturday 21 July with the 2008 event taking place in Marlay Park on Saturday 23 August . Bacardi sponsor the festival and MCD promote it. In 2007 it had four stages but for 2008 it had seven stages.
2007 festival.
Tickets for the 2007 event were priced €79.50, with the event kicking off at 1 p.m. at Malahide Castle on Saturday July 21.
2008 festival.
The 2008 event took place on 23 August, relocating to Marlay Park in Dublin. The bill included Maxïmo Park, N*E*R*D, Paolo Nutini, Sam Sparro, Kid Creole and the Coconuts, Plain White T's and the Gorillaz Sound System (performing a ‘DVJ Set’ on a specially constructed stage). Early bird tickets went on sale at 9 a.m. on Friday 27 June, priced €49.20. In addition to the musical fare on offer, there was also a traditional organic farmers market, fun fair, kids area, fortress style rotunda in the woods and other extracurricular fun.
Gates opened at 2 pm.
Main Stage
21.50 Maximo Park
20.20 N*E*R*D*
19.05 Paolo Nutini
17.55 Kid Creole & The Coconuts
16.50 The Metros
15.45 Plain White T's
14.45 Das Pop
14.00 RGBs.
Warehouse Stage
19.30 Gorillaz Sound System
18.15 Arveene
17.30 Filthy Dukes
16.15 Men In Masks
15.30 Detboi
14.45 Miki Dee
14.00 Chemistry DJs.
Stockade Stage
20.10 Timmy Stewart
19.20 Al Keegan
18.30 Splitloop Live
17.45 Johnny Moy
17.00 Al Gibbs
16.15 Psycatron AKA Paul Hammil
15.30 Chewy
14.45 Mark Allton
14.00 Jev Neilan.

</doc>
<doc id="18503862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503862" title="1996 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships – Singles">
1996 Australian Men's Hardcourt Championships – Singles

Jim Courier was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Yevgeny Kafelnikov won in the final 7–6(7–0), 3–6, 6–1 against Byron Black.

</doc>
<doc id="18503873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503873" title="Great Capital Run">
Great Capital Run

The BUPA Great Capital Run is a run through the paths of Hyde Park, London which was established in 2007. It is one races of the Great Run series.
Junior Great Capital Run.
The brand new event for 2008 for 8-to-14-year-olds is a run. The fun run allows children to run fancy dressed, encourages children to enjoy exercise and run with mates.

</doc>
<doc id="18503874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503874" title="1996 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles">
1996 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles

Richard Krajicek was the defending champion but lost in the second round to Cédric Pioline.
Goran Ivanišević won in the final 6–4, 3–6, 6–3 against Yevgeny Kafelnikov.
Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18503886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503886" title="Levi Heywood Memorial Library Building">
Levi Heywood Memorial Library Building

The Levi Heywood Memorial Library Building is an historic structure at 28 Pearl Street in Gardner, Massachusetts. It was built in 1885 and added to the National Historic Register in 1979. It originally served as Gardner's public library, but now houses the Gardner Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18503892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503892" title="Garakan">
Garakan

Garakan (, also Romanized as Garakān and Gerakān; also known as Girekān) is a village in Garakan Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population is 799 families.
References.
Arabs called the Zoroastrian Persians Gabr / Gabrak / Gebr. Gebr means: force in Arabic, zie: Algebra. That's how Arabs used to denote Zoroastrian Persians.
This village took it’s name after it’s Zoroastrian inhabitants as ‘Gebr-Makan / Gabrakan ’ which means the place of Zoroastrians, ‘Makan’= place ..in Persian. The village’s name changed in the period of time intentionally by it’s inhabitants through different pronunciation to Garakan to scape the insult.
One of the famous Iranians , Doctor Mohammad Gharib was one of the most famous Iranian physician, distinguished university professor and a pioneer of pediatrics who was originally from Garakan.
Doctor Mohammad Gharib is known as Father of Iranian Pediatrics. He was a graduate of Paris University Medical School .
Garakan has been shown in the TV serie Roozegar-e Gharib as a village where has been annually visited by doctor Mohammad Gharib. Doctor visited Garakan once a year with luggages full of medicines to help and cure his people. [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXkDURTc4W0]

</doc>
<doc id="18503901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503901" title="First Things First Foundation">
First Things First Foundation

The First Things First Foundation is a Christian organization founded by NFL quarterback Kurt Warner and his wife Brenda in May 2001. The name of the organization was inspired by the following dialogue between Kurt Warner and the media in the postgame interview after the Saint Louis Rams won the Super Bowl in January 2000 and Warner was named the game's MVP:
The foundation pays for a week-long trip to Walt Disney World for dozens of children each year. They also have an annual "punt, pass and kick clinic" for children.

</doc>
<doc id="18503925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503925" title="Toni Llobet">
Toni Llobet

Toni Llobet is a Catalan artist and illustrator of several bird and wildlife books, including the "New Catalan Breeding Bird Atlas", Handbook of the Birds of the World

</doc>
<doc id="18503930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503930" title="Tokyo Teleport Station">
Tokyo Teleport Station

Lines.
Tokyo Teleport Station is served by the Rinkai Line from to . The station is situated between and stations, and is 4.90 km from the starting point of the Rinkai Line at Shin-Kiba.
Services.
Many trains inter-run over the JR East Saikyo Line and Kawagoe Line to in Saitama Prefecture.
Station layout.
The station has a single underground island platform serving two tracks.
History.
The station opened on 30 March 1996, and initially formed the terminus of the line from Shin-Kiba before it was extended to Osaki.
Surrounding area.
There is a bus station adjacent, which serves as the terminus to three routes (two of which are numbered 01, preceded by a kanji character). The more regular service runs to Monzen-Nakachō Station on the Tokyo Metro Tōzai Line and the Toei Ōedo Line.
Attractions, including shopping centres, in the vicinity include:

</doc>
<doc id="18503931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503931" title="Thomas Greenhill (surgeon)">
Thomas Greenhill (surgeon)

Thomas Greenhill (1669?–1740) was a surgeon who worked in London and was also author of a book ""Νεκροκηδεία"" (Greek, literally "Dead-funeral") or ""The Art of Embalming"" on embalming. He was also surgeon to Henry Howard, 7th Duke of Norfolk. He was born after the death of his father, William Greenhill, the last of 39 children born to Elizabeth Greenhill.
Life.
According to the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography "Most of the basic details of his life are a matter for conjecture. Essential parish papers have been mutilated ... Papers concerning his family shed no direct light on his education, practice, family, or death." This lack of records seems to be due to discontinuing the recording of baptisms and other records when Cromwell was in power during the Commonwealth following the English Civil War. The Dictionary of National Biography observes that "he was born ..after his father's death, probably at Abbot's Langley, Hertfordshire, as his father died there". He then lived in King Street Bloomsbury in London. His father was William Greenhill, Secretary to General Monck, and his mother was Elizabeth Greenhill (1615–1679) of Harrow in Middlesex and Abbots Langley.
Embalming.
His book""Νεκροκηδεία"" or ""The Art of Embalming wherein is shewn the right of burial, and funeral ceremonies, especially that of preserving bodies after the Egyptian method"" was published in 1705. Its main concern was to advocate the importance of embalming for the burial of the aristocracy, and make it a task limited to surgeons and not "undertakers and quacks". The argument is based upon appeals to Antiquary, Greek and Roman Classics and Scripture and takes the form of three letters: the first to Charles Bernard, Serjeant Surgeon to Queen Anne, the second, John Lawson, the former president of the Royal College of Physicians and the third to Hans Sloane, secretary to the Royal Society. Its dedication is to Thomas Herbert, 8th Earl of Pembroke, the same person who was the dedicatee of John Locke's An Essay Concerning Human Understanding. It was funded by subscription including Thomas Tenison the then Archbishop of Canterbury. The book had little effect and was dismissed by William Hunter in his ‘The art of embalming dead bodies’. It has however been described as providing "rich evidence on attitudes to death, of early eighteenth-century antiquarianism and Egyptology, and the medical politics of the day, in an accessible and interesting blend."
Elizabeth Greenhill.
Thomas Greenhill was the last child of 39 by his mother Elizabeth and William Greenhill. The family consisted of 7 sons and 32 daughters. Not only is this a large number of live newborns but unusual in that apart from one pair of twins they were single births.
According to a letter in the Gentleman's Magazine in 1805 there exist preserved on the back of a small portrait identified as that of Mrs Greenhill, mother of Thomas Greenhill, the following words. Similar words according to Notes and Queries in 1852 are also inscribed in a copy of Thomas Greenhill's "The Art of Embalming".
She had 39 children by one husband. They were all born alive, and baptised and all single births save one. The last child, who was born after his father's death, was a surgeon in King-street, Bloomsbury, and wrote the above book, which he was desirous to bring into fashion. She was heard to say by a credible witness, with whom I person whose signature attests it was well acquainted, that she believed, if her husband had lived, she might have had two or three more children. Rich. Ashby, a clergyman.
Reflecting this unusual circumstance of birth, he was granted a version of his father's coat of arms in 1698 that commemorated "his being the thirty-ninth child of one father and mother."" It consists of "Vert 2 bars of ermine, in chief a lion passant guardant or" and a demi-griffin for its crest differenced by 39 mullets. Its motto was ""Honos Alit Artes"" or ""Honour Nourishes the Arts"".

</doc>
<doc id="18503932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503932" title="Bloody Point Range Lights">
Bloody Point Range Lights

The Bloody Point Range Lights, which is known as the Bloody Point Lighthouse, were range lights on the southern end of Daufuskie Island in Beaufort County, South Carolina. The Bloody Point Range Lights were built in 1883. Due to erosion, the front light was moved to the location of the former rear light and became the rear light. The lights were maintained as an official aid to navigation until 1922. The original Front Range Light house is currently a private home.
Bloody Point is the southern end of Daufuskie Island. It was given this name because of the blood shed during the Yamasee War of 1715.
Original range lights.
In 1871, the U.S. Congress authorized two sets of range lights on Daufuskie Island. The other range lights were the Haig Point Range Lights on the northern end of the island. In 1882, was purchased for the Bloody Point lights.
The Front Range Light was a red, kerosene lamp placed in a gable-fronted dormer window of the lightkeeper's house. This house, which was built by James C. LaCoste, was located near the beach on . The light was at a height of .
The Rear Light was a tall triangular, iron skeletal tower, manufactured by the Cooper Manufacturing of Mount Vernon, Ohio. John Michael Doyle, who was an employee of the manufacturer, supervised the erection of the tower on a concrete foundation on plot about inland of the front light. Doyle became the first light keeper. A brick lamp house, which was also called a wick house, was built at the base of the tower to house the lamp during the day. At night, the red steamer lamp with parabolic reflector was raised on rails to a height of . The Bloody Point Range Lights were lit on 1883. A nearby brick oil house for storage of kerosene was also built.
Later configuration.
Due to erosion, the front light was moved in 1899 to a location near the rear light, which was dismantled. In its new position, it became the rear light. A tall wooden house on metal legs was placed on leased land near the shore. The metal legs rested on metal disks that could be slid across the beach as the channel shifted. This light was moved several times over the next twenty years. The range lights were deactivated in 1922.
In 1925, the lightkeeper house was sold. The front range light had already been lost due to erosion. The house was sold at auction and then sold to its last light keeper, Gus Ohman. In 1926, he sold it to a former assistant light keeper, Arthur A. "Papy" Burn, Jr., who lived there for about 40 years. In 1953, Papy Burn started making wine using blackberries, elberberries, scuppernongs, and other fruit in the lamp house and/or the oil house. Although wine making was a small operation, he called the building the Silver Dew Winery. Two small brick buildings with the sign for the Silver Dew Winery were described by Pat Conroy in his autobiographical book the "Water is Wide".
In 1981, the house was renovated as a private home. The property was seized for back taxes owed and sold. It was purchased in an auction at the Beaufort County Courthouse in 1983. After serving as a temporary pro shop for a golf course, it is now a private residence.
The former Front Range House is a contributing property of the National Register of Historic Places' Daufuskie Island Historic District. The nomination form and an additional pictures are available from the South Carolina Department of Archives and History.

</doc>
<doc id="18503940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503940" title="Kokusai-Tenjijō Station">
Kokusai-Tenjijō Station

Lines.
Kokusai-Tenjijō Station is served by the Rinkai Line from to . The station is situated between and stations, and is 3.51 km from the starting point of the Rinkai Line at Shin-Kiba.
Services.
Many trains inter-run over the JR East Saikyo Line and Kawagoe Line to in Saitama Prefecture.
Station layout.
The station has a single underground island platform serving two tracks.
History.
The station opened on 30 March 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18503953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503953" title="Shoaiba power and desalination plant">
Shoaiba power and desalination plant

The Shoaiba power and desalination plant is an oil-fired CCGT power and desalination complex in Saudi Arabia on the coast of Red Sea, about south of Jeddah. It is one of the world's largest fossil fuel power plants, and the world's third largest integrated water and power plant.
History.
The construction of the first stage of the Shoaiba power station began in 1998 (although there was a power generation and saline desalination plant in operation at the site as far back as 1985 with commissioning support from Stuttgart based Fichtner Consulting Engineers). The ABB-led consortium built a power station equipped with three turbines, heat recovery steam generators and ancillary power generation equipment. The first stage cost about US$850 million. The first unit came into operation in July 2001. The other two units were completed in August 2003. The contract for construction of the second stage was awarded to a consortium led by Alstom Power. A multi-stage flash distillation water desalination plant was built by Hanjung (now Doosan Heavy Industries) in partnership with Bechtel. The desalination plant of capacity of 50 million cubic meters of water per year was commissioned in 2000. A second desalination plant with capacity of 50 million cubic meters of water per year was constructed in March 2003.
Technical features.
After completing the third stage the power station consists of 14 units with a total capacity of 5,600 MW, which makes it one of the largest fossil fuel-fired power stations in the world. The last expansion was built by Alstom and is operational since 2012. The oil for power production is supplied from Saudi Aramco by tankers.
The power station is connected to the 380 kV grid. The potable water is transferred via a long water pipeline to the national water pipeline network. The power station provides the desalination facility with steam to heat the seawater distillers while reducing its own cooling demands.
Operating company.
The Shoaiba power station is owned and operated by the Saudi Consolidated Electric Company (SCECO).

</doc>
<doc id="18503954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503954" title="Shinonome Station (Tokyo)">
Shinonome Station (Tokyo)

Lines.
Shinonome Station is served by the Rinkai Line from to , and is located 2.18 km from the starting point of the Rinkai Line at Shin-Kiba.
Services.
Many trains inter-run over the JR East Saikyo Line and Kawagoe Line to in Saitama Prefecture.
Station layout.
The station has two elevated side platforms serving two tracks.
History.
The station opened on 30 March 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18503964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503964" title="Dayton Literary Peace Prize">
Dayton Literary Peace Prize

The Dayton Literary Peace Prize, which was first awarded in 2006, "is the only annual U.S. literary award recognizing the power of the written word to promote peace." Awards are given for adult fiction and non-fiction books published at some point within the immediate past year that have led readers to a better understanding of other peoples, cultures, religions, and political views, with the winner in each category receiving a cash prize of $10,000. The award is an offshoot of the Dayton Peace Prize, which grew out of the 1995 peace accords ending the Bosnian War. In 2011, the former "Lifetime Achievement Award" was renamed the Richard C. Holbrooke Distinguished Achievement Award with a $10,000 honorarium.
In 2008, Martin Luther King, Jr. biographer Taylor Branch joined Studs Terkel and Elie Wiesel as a recipient of the Dayton Literary Peace Prize's Lifetime Achievement Award, which was presented to him by special guest Edwin C. Moses. The 2008 ceremony was held in Dayton, Ohio, on September 28, 2008. Nick Clooney, who hosted the ceremony in 2007, again served as the evening's host in 2008 and 2009.
The 2009 ceremony was held in Dayton, Ohio, on November 8, 2009, at which married authors and journalists Nicholas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn received the Dayton Literary Peace Prize's 2009 Lifetime Achievement Award.
Recipients.
2013 
2012 
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006

</doc>
<doc id="18503973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503973" title="List of TVB series (1997)">
List of TVB series (1997)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 1997.
First line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 7:30 to 8:30 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Second line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 9:35 to 10:35 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Third line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 10:35 to 11:05 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18503988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503988" title="Otto Lang (actor)">
Otto Lang (actor)

Otto Lang (August 24, 1906–June 24, 1984) was a German actor and director.
From 1953 to 1958 he was Rector of the "Drama School of Leipzig". From 1958 to 1973 he was director of the "German National Theater" in Weimar.

</doc>
<doc id="18503994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18503994" title="Phil Vassar discography">
Phil Vassar discography

The discography of American country music singer Phil Vassar consists of five studio albums, three compilation albums, one holiday album, one live album and twenty-two singles. Before his signing with Arista Nashville in 1999, Vassar was a prominent songwriter, having co-written number one hits for Jo Dee Messina and Alan Jackson, and Top 5 singles for Tim McGraw and Collin Raye. As a singer, Vassar has reached number one on the country music charts twice.

</doc>
<doc id="18504007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504007" title="Volodymyr Lysenko">
Volodymyr Lysenko

Volodymyr Lysenko (; born 20 April 1988 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football forward for FC Sevastopol in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Career.
Club career.
Lysenko started to play football for FC CSKA Kyiv, later joined to Dynamo Kyiv, he was finally promoted to the main team in 2006, but he almost never able to play on a game. He was loaned to Arsenal Kyiv for the 2007–08 season and once again for the 2008–09 season. On 22 July 2009 FC Metalist Kharkiv buy his contract from Dynamo Kyiv for €1.5 million.
International career.
He played for Ukraine's under-17 and under-19 teams. On August 21, 2007 he debuted for the Ukraine national under-21 football team in a what ended to be 1:1 at home draw with Israel. Since then, Lysenko has played 13 games and netted 3 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18504011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504011" title="Indian Geophysical Union">
Indian Geophysical Union

The Indian Geophysical Union is the Government of India's scientific body responsible for all activities related with Earth Science System such as seismology, magnetism, meteorology, geodesy, volcanology, oceanography, hydrology and tectonophysics and to encourage the study of and research in geophysical problems and to provide media for publication of the results. It is situated near another Geophysical Centre INCOIS, Hyderabad.

</doc>
<doc id="18504020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504020" title="Darmstadt-Kranichstein Railway Museum">
Darmstadt-Kranichstein Railway Museum

The Darmstadt-Kranichstein Railway Museum ("Eisenbahnmuseum Darmstadt-Kranichstein") a railway museum in the German city of Darmstadt. It is also the largest railway museum in the state of Hesse.
The former railway depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk" or "BW") includes a locomotive shed, turntable, coal bunkers and other locomotive facilities. There is also an adjoining repair shop ("Ausbesserungswerk"), where major repairs can be carried out.
The depot is located on the Rhine-Main line from Darmstadt to Aschaffenburg. It was established in 1898 by the United Prussian and Hessian State Railways and opened as a railway museum on 29  May 1976 when the site was leased from the Deutsche Bundesbahn to the board of trustees of the museum railway.
A large collection of locomotives may be viewed in the museum, such as the still-operational DRG 23 042, 01 1056, 41 024 and 44 404 steam engines, steam locomotive 4981 "Mainz", (a Prussian G 8) that was transferred from Turkey, the Austrian locomotive ÖBB 97 210, a rack railway steam engine from the Erzberg railway, the DB locomotive number 103 101-2 and the DRG E 16 08 electric engine, several DB Class V 36 diesel locomotives, a Wismar Railbus and a host of other railway vehicles, including several "Culemeyer" heavy trailers. 
The large vehicle fleet cannot be visited at present. In the meantime, however, there are exhibits to aid technical understanding, such as the sectioned boiler of Deutsche Reichsbahn steam engine number 50 1397, and the driver's cab of 50 1745; as well as a signalling collection with historical signals and signal box equipment. In addition, the evolution of fare tickets over the years is portrayed, from manually produced examples from the early years to the present-day computer printouts, as well as their related equipment. The museum also has its own ticket-printing press. An H0-model railway layout depicts Darmstadt station on the Main-Neckar line at the time the route was opened.
Special train services visit the museum several times a year, running between Darmstadt Ost and Bessunger Forst.
Several vehicles, e. g. the 23 042 and the G8 4981 "Mainz" haul specials throughout the whole of Germany. The vehicles are run by the German Museum Railway GmbH (DME) as the operating company. ("Deutsche Museums-Eisenbahn") GmbH (DME).

</doc>
<doc id="18504022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504022" title="Shirley van der Lof">
Shirley van der Lof

Shirley van der Lof (born November 7, 1986 in Haaksbergen, Overijssel) is a female racing driver from the Netherlands, and grand daughter of former Formula One-driver Dries van der Lof. Besides her racing career, she is currently studying "real estate and broking", but she strives to become the first Dutch female formula one driver.
Shirley first started driving in go-karts at age 14, and was immediately hooked to the speed. In 2001, at age 15, she won her first go-karting championship. In 2006, she started in the Benelux Formula Ford championship. Her first years in auto racing resulted in a fair number of crashes, but also a fair share of success.
In 2008 she started racing in the ATS Formel 3 Trophy for the "HS Technik Motorsport"-team in a Dallara F304 OPC Challenge. In the first 8 races of her debut season, she finished on the podium 4 times: two times in 3rd place and two times in 2nd place.

</doc>
<doc id="18504030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504030" title="Fat Lips">
Fat Lips

Fat Lips (or Fatlips) is the name given to a legendary spirit dwelling in Dryburgh Abbey in Berwickshire, Scotland. 
The spirit was associated with a hermit woman who took up residence in a vault among the ruins of the abbey some time after the 1745 Jacobite Rebellion. The woman claimed that the spirit tidied the room whilst she was away, and kept the cell she lived in dry by stamping moisture away from the ground with his heavy iron boots.

</doc>
<doc id="18504051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504051" title="Kisumu Rural Constituency">
Kisumu Rural Constituency

Kisumu Rural Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies of Kisumu District. The constituency was established for the 1963 elections. The constituency has eight wards, all of which elect councillors for Kisumu County Council.
The constituency was previously represented by Robert Ouko, a leading politician who was later assassinated. For the 1988 elections he moved to Kisumu Town Constituency (later split to Kisumu Town West and Kisumu Town East Constituencies).
Later he moved

</doc>
<doc id="18504054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504054" title="Lone Rider">
Lone Rider

Lone Rider is a 2008 made for television Western. It was directed by David S. Cass, Sr. and stars Lou Diamond Phillips and Stacy Keach.
Plot.
Bobby Hattaway (Lou Diamond Phillips), an honored soldier, returns home after the American Civil War to find his father's (Stacy Keach) formerly prosperous store now dangerously in debt to the town's ruthless leader, and Bobby's childhood friend, Stu Croker (Vincent Spano). Bobby will now face off against his former friend to take control from Stu.

</doc>
<doc id="18504059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504059" title="Raid on Yarmouth">
Raid on Yarmouth

The Raid on Yarmouth, which took place on 3 November 1914, was an attack by the German Navy on the British North Sea port and town of Great Yarmouth. Little damage was done to the town since shells only landed on the beach after German ships laying mines offshore were interrupted by British destroyers. One British submarine was sunk by a mine as it attempted to leave harbour and attack the German ships, while one German armoured cruiser was sunk after striking two German mines outside its own home port.
Prelude.
In October 1914, the German Navy was seeking ways to attack the British fleet. The Royal Navy had more ships than Germany, so it was felt inadvisable to enter into any direct fleet to fleet engagement. Instead, the Germans sought ways to attack British ships individually or in small groups. The Kaiser had given orders that no major fleet action was to take place, but small groups of ships might still take part in raids.
The raids had several objectives. One was to lay mines which later might sink passing British ships. Another was to pick off any small ships encountered, or to entice larger groups into giving chase and lead them back to where the German High Seas Fleet would be waiting in relatively safe waters near to Germany. A further consideration was that raiding British coastal towns might force the British to alter the disposition of its ships to protect those towns. The British had adopted a strategy of keeping the greater part of the Grand Fleet always together, so it would always have superiority whenever it engaged the enemy. Germany hoped to encourage Britain to split more ships from the main fleet for coastal defence, thereby giving Germany more chances to catch isolated ships.
The Yarmouth raid was carried out by the German battlecruiser squadron commanded by Admiral Franz von Hipper with the battlecruisers , and , the slightly smaller armoured cruiser and the light cruisers , , and . On this occasion, mines were to be laid off the coast of Yarmouth and Lowestoft, but the ships were also to shell Yarmouth.
Raid.
At 16:30 on 2 November 1914, the battlecruiser squadron left its home base on the Jade River. Two squadrons of German battleships followed them from harbour slightly later, to lie in wait for any ships which the battlecruisers might be able to entice to chase them back. By midnight, the squadron was sufficiently north to be passing fishing trawlers from various countries. By 06:30 on 3 November, the patrol sighted a marker buoy at "smith's Knoll Watch", allowing them to determine their exact position and close in to Yarmouth.
Yarmouth coast was patrolled by the minesweeper and the old destroyers and . "Halcyon" spotted two cruisers, which she challenged. The response came in the form of shellfire, first small, then from larger calibre guns. "Lively"—some behind—started to make smoke to hide the ships. German shooting was less accurate than it might have been because all the battlecruisers fired upon her at once, making it harder for each ship to tell where their own shells were landing and correct their aim. At 07:40, Hipper ceased firing at "Lively" and instead directed some shells toward Yarmouth, which hit the beach. Once "Stralsund" had finished laying mines, the ships departed.
"Halcyon"—out of immediate danger—radioed a warning of the presence of German ships. The destroyer moved to join them, while three more destroyers in harbour started to raise steam. The submarines , and —inside the harbour—moved out to join the chase, but "D5" struck a just-laid mine and sank. At 08:30, "Halcyon" returned to harbour and provided a report of what had happened.
At 09:55, Admiral Beatty was ordered south with a British battlecruiser squadron, with squadrons of the Grand Fleet following from Ireland. By then, Hipper was away, heading home. German ships returning home waited overnight in Schillig Roads for fog to clear to return to harbour. In the fog, the armoured cruiser —which was traveling from the Jade Bay to Wilhelmshaven—went off course and hit two mines. A number of the crew survived by sitting on the wreck of the ship, which had sunk in shallow water, but at least 235 men were killed (reports vary).
Aftermath.
Admiral Hipper was awarded an Iron Cross for the success of the raid, but refused to wear it, feeling little had been accomplished. Although the results were not spectacular, German commanders were heartened by the ease with which Hipper had arrived and departed, with little resistance, and were encouraged to try again. In part, the lack of reaction from the British had been due to news received that morning of a much more serious loss at the Battle of Coronel, and the fact that Admiral Jellicoe, commander of the Grand Fleet, was on a train returning to his ships at the time of the raid. Also, according to First Lord of the Admiralty Winston Churchill, the British could not believe there was nothing more to the raid than briefly shelling Yarmouth, and were waiting for something else to happen.

</doc>
<doc id="18504108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504108" title="Lee High School (Huntsville, Alabama)">
Lee High School (Huntsville, Alabama)

Lee High School is a four-year public high school that serves students in grades 9-12 from Huntsville, in Madison County, Alabama in the United States, as a part of Huntsville City Schools.
History.
Lee High School was named for the Lee Highway which ran in front of the old school location in the 1950s, not after General Robert E. Lee. (The highway itself was named for the general around 1910.) The school's mascot is now a 5-Star General and, for many years, a painting of General Robert E. Lee mounted on his horse and holding the Confederate flag was on the Gymnasium wall. In 1974 the flag was painted over and the Generals mascot is now held to represent no specific person.
The original building was constructed in 1957 and opened in the later part of the 1957-1958 school year. The current facility for Lee High School was begun in 2010 and is being occupied for the 2012-2013 school year. According to the 1967–1968 Lee High School "Student Handbook":
"...Lee High School was established as a junior high school during the second semester of the 1957–58 school term. In the school term of 1963–64 Lee became a full high school, due to the procedure of discontinuing the lower grades and adding higher ones. The class of 1964 became Lee’s first graduating class. (Lee was Huntsville's Fourth High School. Huntsville, Butler and Councill were operating in 1964)
During the past (1966–1967) school year, Lee’s enrollment was approximately 1700 students. The enrollment approximately for the 1967–68 school term is 1600 students. Still the need for more classrooms has caused Lee to add to its present building four new portable classrooms, raising the number of portable classrooms to seven..."
The school operated as a Junior High School to allow for the eventual closure of nearby Rison High School and changed its status in tandem with the opening of Chapman Junior High School (later, Chapman Middle School).
In 1986, the Huntsville City Schools created the Lee Arts and Pre-Engineering Magnet programs. This program draws students from other schools in the city to Lee for study and opportunities in specific areas. The arts magnet has been rather successful, attracting talented students for theater and vocal music opportunities.
The Huntsville City Schools have constructed a new Lee High School facility on Meridian Street, North (next to the original location). The new building is and designed for 1,200 students.
One issue surmounted during construction was the Norfolk Southern railroad adjacent to the school; a raised bridge has been erected to allow students to access playing fields that will be across the track from the classrooms.
Although the school's scheduled opening was established as the beginning of the 2012–2013 school year, the new Lee Lyric Theatre had its debut production in June 2012. The production, "Oliver!", was a collaboration between the school and Independent Musical Productions.
On Thursday, August 16, 2012, a ribbon cutting ceremony marked the opening of the new Lee High School even as the old building's demolition continued a block away.
The new facility also houses "New Century Technology High School," which was a virtual entity at Columbia High School since the mid-1990s.
Magnet programs.
The Huntsville City School performing arts, visual arts, and engineering magnet programs are co-located with Lee High School. Students are admitted to these programs through a combination of interview, scholastic achievement, and audition. The magnet programs include orchestra, creative writing, dance, engineering, photography, technical theatre, theatre performance, video/broadcast journalism, visual art, and vocal performance. In addition to their magnet courses (usually 2 to 3 hours per day), students follow a full complement of academic coursework, including AP and pre-AP coursework for most students.
Academics.
Lee High School offers a broad array of academic offerings, including a full range of pre-AP and AP courses. 
Clubs and organizations.
The school sponsors a number of clubs and organization in which students may participate.
Lee High School Band.
Lee High's band, The Marching Generals, was awarded First Place in “The Greatest Bands in Dixie,” awarded during Mardi Gras in New Orleans in February 1976. As a result the band was selected to represent the State of Alabama at the inauguration of President Jimmy Carter on January 20, 1977.
Bus accident.
On November 20, 2006, a school bus transporting Lee High School students to a local trade school careened over a retaining wall on an elevated part of Interstate 565 at the U.S. highway 231 exit and plummeted 30 feet. Investigating agencies at federal, state and local levels include the NTSB, Alabama State Department of Transportation, Alabama Department of Public Safety, and Huntsville Police Department. Crestwood Medical Center and Huntsville Hospital, the two local hospitals, both activated their Mass Casualty action plans. Emergency response personnel from throughout the area were called upon to assist in rescue efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="18504110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504110" title="Industrial Charter">
Industrial Charter

The Industrial Charter: A Statement of Conservative Industrial Policy was a 1947 pamphlet and policy statement by the United Kingdom Conservative Party. The "Charter" is widely regarded as representing a seminal moment in the history of post war Conservatism as the party reconciled itself with many of the economic and social policies introduced by Clement Attlee's Labour government following the United Kingdom general election, 1945.
History.
The "Charter" was first published in May 1947. It was the outcome of a process of rethinking brought about by the Conservative's landslide defeat in the United Kingdom general election, 1945. This process had begun a year earlier when the party's newly extended Research Department began work on defining a policy that was both Conservative and progressive. The policy statement was accepted on 2 October 1947 at the Conservative's Annual Conference being held in Brighton.
Content.
The "Industrial Charter" was a collection of distinct economic policies and included a separate "Pledge to the Consumer", a "Woman's Charter" and a "Workers' Charter". It accepted the idea of a mixed economy, gave a commitment that the party would protect labour rights, stressed the need for fairness and opposed protectionism. 
Its emphasis was, though, placed squarely upon the individual and the document was highly-critical of its opponents. The Labour Party's attempts at economic planning were criticised for having created an incompetent and swollen civil service focused on administering a multitude of overlapping and unnecessary restrictions. It argued that the party had removed economic incentives and enforced a 'rigid straight jacket of doctrinaire political theory… unnecessary controls'. Instead it called for a rolling back of the state and urged that a 'sense of realism, free opportunity, incentives and justice' should 'inspire all industrial policy'.
Reception.
The Charter and a shortened 'popular' version were generally well received, sold an estimated 2.5 million copies and have often been to have helped "rehabilitate" the Conservative Party after 1945. Despite this the document caused a notable degree of debate at the 1947 Conservative Party Conference and Winston Churchill's initial reaction is reputed to have been 'but I do not agree with a word of this'.
Despite its favourable press, the historian Andrew Taylor also contends that the "Charter" should be seen as a propaganda failure as it failed to reach its intended audience. This is backed up by a report conducted by Mass Observation which found that eighty per cent of a sample had no knowledge at all of the "Charter" in the month after its publication.
Historical Significance.
Although perhaps not as a pivotal a moment of the Conservative Party's history as often claimed, the "Charter" remains historically symbolic as marking the acceptance of the post-war consensus that would later be satirised as Butskellism. This owes much to the significance later imbued into the document by those responsible for its publication.
Additional Bibliography.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18504116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504116" title="Afghanistan Task Force">
Afghanistan Task Force

The Afghanistan Task Force is responsible for inter-agency/department coordination and cooperation on Canadian diplomatic, deployment, and aid mission to Afghanistan. Located within the Privy Council Office it is headed by former Foreign and Defence Policy Advisor and Associate Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs David Mulroney. The Task Force is responsible for coordination between the principal departments of Foreign Affairs and International Trade, National Defence and the Canadian International Development Agency in addition to other departments and agencies who have some form of involvement including the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and Correctional Service Canada. The Task Force also provides support to the Cabinet Committee on Afghanistan, chaired by International Trade Minister Stockwell Day.

</doc>
<doc id="18504118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504118" title="Breaking Boredom Project">
Breaking Boredom Project

An artistic project curated by Ahmed Foula in Cairo, 2008.
Idea.
Far from the consumptive aspect, which is closely connected to the nature of the field of graphic design as one of the applied arts, this project is based on exploring new design approaches that depends on the coincidence in its construction. The project relies on the idea of the Exquisite Corpse game, which was founded in 1925. The rules of the game were used to generate a succession of designs, as each participant will use the endpoint created by the previous designer to start his contribution. Each design consists of four consecutive contributions.
Six Graphic designers participated in *Breaking Boredom Project to create twelve designs according to particular rules that differ from the traditional thinking patterns. The First Exhibition of the pieces took place at The Townhouse Gallery, downtown Cairo. The Second exhibition took place at the Alexandria Contemporary Arts Forum (ACAF).
Participants.
Ibrahim Eslam; born in Cairo in January 1977, graduated from the Faculty of Fine Arts in 2000.
Engy Aly; born in 1982. Studied Graphic Design and graduated in 2005. Exhibited artworks in different locations in Egypt and other countries. Currently a member of the FC Studio team, besides being a freelance graphic designer.
George Azmy; born in Cairo in1983, graduated from fine arts faculty, Helwan University in 2005. Worked as a graphic designer, story border, illustrator, and compositing as a free lancer during college, then he worked in FC studio after graduation, after that he worked for a major advertising agency in Cairo, later he moved to Dubai, then back to Cairo to be a freelancer there. In 2007 he held his first solo exhibition, entitled "planet Cairo" at the Townhouse Gallery in Cairo.
Mofa; had one solo exhibition at the Townhouse Onsite titled "Everyday Heroes". He participated in a group workshop video screening at Rawabet Theatre, as well as a group workshop exhibition at the Goethe Institute in Cairo. He has also created designs for companies, retail, and publications through his studio Ganzeer.
Mahmoud Hamdy; born in 1977, Mahmoud Hamdy studied animation at the Faculty of Fine Arts in Cairo. He has participated in a number of workshops and exhibitions. Through its Artists-in-Residence program, Pro Helvetia Cairo invited him at the F+F School for Media Art and Design, Zürich, Switzerland 2005-2006. His work participated, nominated and has been awarded in a number of International festivals and exhibitions. Since 2000, he collaborated with artists from Germany, Switzerland, as well as Egypt. He is one of the founding partners of Studio http://www.fileclub.org . Hamdy works with Video, Image, graphics and site-specific installation. He lives and works in Cairo.
Hani Mahfouz; graduated from the faculty of Fine Arts in Alexandria in 1988. In 1997, he founded h|m|d studio. Hani lives and works in Cairo.
Ahmed Foula "(Curator of the project)"; graduated from the Architecture department of the Faculty of Fine Arts, Alexandria University in 2001. He started his career as a graphic designer with the publicity campaign of "Roaming Inner Landscapes" event, which was held in Alexandria in February 2003. Since then; he designed several campaigns for many artistic events in Egypt and in the Arab region, as well as visual identities for a number of culture and art spaces. Foula currently lives and works in Cairo as a freelance graphic designer.

</doc>
<doc id="18504130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504130" title="2007 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Championship squads">
2007 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Championship squads

This article shows all participating team squads at the 2007 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Championship, held from September 16 to September 21, 2007 in the Investors Group Athletic Centre in Winnipeg, Canada.

<br>

<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18504144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504144" title="Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 90 kg">
Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 90 kg

The Men's Freestyle 90 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18504163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504163" title="Twobones">
Twobones

Twobones is a Swiss Mainstream-jazz band founded in 1986. 
The core members of the group are trombone players Paul Haag and Danilo Moccia. Other members include Isla Eckinger (bass), Peter Schmidlin (drums) and Tutilo Odermatt (piano).

</doc>
<doc id="18504170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504170" title="Tudno FM">
Tudno FM

Tudno FM is a community radio station serving the area around Llandudno in Conwy County Borough, north Wales, broadcasting on 107.8 FM locally and via the station's website. Tudno FM is owned and operated by Llandudno Community Radio and is a non-profit, non-commercial radio station broadcasting seven days a week. 
The station's schedule consists largely of music and talk programming along with national news bulletins, local features, specialist music programming and Welsh language output. Apart from national news bulletins from Sky News Radio in London, all of Tudno FM's output is produced and presented locally.
Tudno FM launched at 10am on Saturday 1 March 2008 for a 28-day RSL transmission and continued to broadcast some live programming online before launching a full, permanent service on Saturday 12 July 2008.
The station broadcasts from its studios, offices and transmitter at the Ty Hapus Community Centre in Penrhyn Road, Llandudno and is permitted to broadcast on FM within a 5km radius.

</doc>
<doc id="18504174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504174" title="Markuszewski">
Markuszewski

The Markuszewski family was a family from the Lewart or leopard Clan, created in the mid thirteenth through the early fourteenth century. The title of Count was adopted in the post partition era, due to the status of the family with its property holdings, and land being on the scale of an English county (or 'Earldom'). The title was legally ratified during this period, by the other noble families of Poland. The Markuszewski's land was mainly in the area of Novogrudek.
World War I, The Polish-Russian War and World War II took their toll on the family, with the family being almost wiped out, and leaving only one surviving hier to the title, Countess Irena Markuszewski, the daughter of Countess Sophia Tracewskia and Count Leon Markuszewski, a reserve Forward Observation Officer in the 18 Light Artillery Regiment, who was murdered, because of his noble background in the Katyn massacre.
The title is hereditary. The last Holder of the Title was Countess Irena Markuszewska.

</doc>
<doc id="18504176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504176" title="Amateur chemistry">
Amateur chemistry

Amateur chemistry or home chemistry is the pursuit of chemistry as a private hobby. It should not be confused with clandestine chemistry, which involves the illicit production of controlled drugs. Notable amateur chemists include Oliver Sacks and Sir Edward Elgar.
History.
Origins.
Amateur chemistry shares its early history with that of chemistry in general. Pioneers of modern chemistry such as Robert Boyle and Antoine Lavoisier were gentleman scientists who pursued their research independently from their source of income. Only with the coming of the industrial era, and the rise of universities as research institutions, did any significant distinction between amateurs and professionals emerge.
Nevertheless, amateur progress lasted well into the 19th century. For example, in 1886, Charles Martin Hall co-invented the Hall-Héroult process for extracting aluminium from its oxide whilst working in a woodshed behind his family home.
Chemistry as a hobby.
Throughout much of the 20th century, amateur chemistry was an unexceptional hobby, with high-quality chemistry sets readily available, and laboratory suppliers freely selling to hobbyists. For example, Linus Pauling had no difficulty in procuring potassium cyanide at the age of eleven. However, due to increasing concerns about terrorism, drugs, and safety, suppliers became increasingly reluctant to sell to amateurs, and chemistry sets were steadily toned down. This trend has gradually continued, leaving hobbyists in many parts of the world without access to most reagents.
Restrictions.
Whilst the hobby is probably legal in most jurisdictions, the relationship between amateur chemists and law enforcement agencies is often fraught. Hobbyists are often affected by laws intended to fight drugs and terrorism. Furthermore, many chemical supply houses refuse to sell to amateurs, with such policies sometimes being stated openly.
Canada.
In Canada, a wide range of basic laboratory reagents such as nitric acid and hydrogen peroxide are restricted as "explosives precursors".
Germany.
German amateur chemists have been raided by the police, despite not being in the possession of illegal chemicals.
United States.
In the United States, some regions have stringent regulations concerning the ownership of chemicals and equipment. For example, Texas requires the registration of even the most basic laboratory glassware.
United Nuclear, an amateur science supplier based in New Mexico was raided on behest of the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, and subsequently fined $7,500 for "Selling Illegal Fireworks Components".

</doc>
<doc id="18504178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504178" title="Patrick Cogan">
Patrick Cogan

Patrick Cogan (23 October 1903 – 5 January 1977) was an Irish politician. 
He lived at Tobinstown in County Carlow and was a member of Carlow County Council for 33 years. Cogan was first elected to the County Council in 1934 as a Fine Gael candidate. A farmer by profession, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1938 general election as an independent Teachta Dála (TD) for the Wicklow constituency. At the 1943 general election he was elected as a Clann na Talmhan TD for Wicklow and he was re-elected at the 1944 general election. He was deputy leader of the party for a time but left Clann na Talmhan in 1946 and at the 1948 general election he was again elected as an independent TD. 
Having joined Fianna Fáil, he lost his seat at the 1954 general election. He was subsequently elected to the 8th Seanad on the Agricultural Panel as a Fianna Fáil member. He was defeated at the 1957 Seanad election.

</doc>
<doc id="18504187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504187" title="CTV Movie">
CTV Movie

CTV Movie is a Canadian made-for-tv movie programming block featuring movies broadcast either in the evening or after midnight on CTV, the title is also used for movies on CTV Two.
Bell Media's secondary television network, A also aired some similar made-for-tv movies under the programming block, "The Big Picture" when the A network became CTV Two on August 29, 2011, its made-for-tv movie programming block, "The Big Picture" became "CTV Movie" as well and will no longer have a separate identity.

</doc>
<doc id="18504194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504194" title="El Dorado, Venezuela">
El Dorado, Venezuela

El Dorado is a small town in eastern Venezuela. It is situated in Bolívar State, on the Cuyuni River. It is the second largest town in Sifontes Municipality; the capital of the municipality is Tumeremo.
El Dorado was founded in the 19th century. It is in a gold-mining area on the road to Brazil. The town is famous for its prison, which is mentioned in the book "Papillon". El Dorado has an airport.

</doc>
<doc id="18504196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504196" title="Hassan Shirmohammadi">
Hassan Shirmohammadi

Hassan Shirmohammadi (Persian: حسن شیرمحمدی) born May 22, 1968 in Tehran is a retired Iranian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18504200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504200" title="Katrine Camilleri">
Katrine Camilleri

Katrine Camilleri (born, February 24, 1970), Maltese, lawyer, assistant Director of JRS Malta, holder of the 2007 Nansen Refugee Award (United Nations Refugee Award) in recognition of her work for the rights of boat people fleeing across the Mediterranean Sea.
Background.
Born in 1970 on the island of Malta, Dr Katrine Camilleri studied law and as student she undertook research into access to rights and protection for refugees. After her graduation from the University of Malta in 1994, she began working in a small law firm, where she came into contact with refugees.
Work.
In 2002, the number of asylum seekers and economic migrants arriving in Malta by boat increased sharply, a situation faced by several European countries around the Mediterranean. After first helping to prevent the deportation of a Libyan asylum seeker who risked persecution if returned home, Ms. Camilleri’s interest in refugee protection grew. In 1996, she started to work with the Malta office of Jesuit Refugee Service (JRS), first as a volunteer, then part-time and eventually full-time. JRS became the first organization to offer professional legal services on a regular basis to detainees in Malta. Since 1997, Katrine Camilleri has provided legal advice to hundreds of persons kept in administrative detention centres in Malta, focusing her efforts on the most vulnerable.

</doc>
<doc id="18504221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504221" title="Compression of morbidity">
Compression of morbidity

The compression of morbidity in public health is a hypothesis put forth by James Fries, professor of medicine at Stanford University School of Medicine. The hypothesis was confirmed by a 1998 study of 1700 University of Pennsylvania alumni over a period of 20 years. 
Fries' hypothesis is that the burden of lifetime illness may be compressed into a shorter period before the time of death, if the age of onset of the first chronic infirmity can be postponed. This hypothesis contrasts to the view that as the age of countries' populations tends to increase over time, they will become increasingly infirm and consume an ever-larger proportion of the national budget in healthcare costs.
In order to confirm this hypothesis, the evidence must show that it is possible to delay the onset of infirmity, and that corresponding increases in longevity will be modest.
Fries concludes that if the hypothesis is confirmed, healthcare costs and patient health overall will be improved.

</doc>
<doc id="18504248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504248" title="Melanie Oudin">
Melanie Oudin

Melanie Oudin (born September 23, 1991 in Marietta, Georgia, United States) is an American tennis player and former world junior no. 2. As of Dec 2, 2013, her ranking is world no. 127 in the WTA rankings. She was a member of the American Fed Cup team from 2009-2011, and winner of the U.S. Open mixed doubles title, with fellow American player, Jack Sock.
Oudin was propelled to stardom as a 17-year-old, in the middle of 2009, when she reached the round of 16 of the Wimbledon Championships, followed by a quarter-final at the US Open a month and a half later. She reached a career high ranking of World No. 31 on April 19, 2010.
Personal life.
Oudin, Marietta, Georgia native, has a twin sister, Katherine, and a younger sister, Christina. Introduced to the sport at the age of seven alongside sister Katherine, it was clear Melanie had a gift. As Melanie continued to improve, her time spent on the court increased as well. In seventh grade Melanie made the decision to homeschool, giving her more time on the practice courts and an opportunity to play more tournaments. In an article with Atlanta Magazine Oudin said, "If I was going to homeschool, I was going to try to go pro for sure”. She says her idol is Justine Henin because "she proved you don't have to be tall to win things." Her grandmother inspired her and her sister to play tennis when she gave them racquets and lessons when they were young.
Playing style.
Oudin is a defensive counterpuncher. She uses her speed and footwork to get balls back from the other side of the court. Her best shot is her forehand. Her slice backhand is defensive but accurate. Dropshots and clean volleys are useful assets in her game, as well.
Tennis career.
2008–2009.
Oudin turned professional in February 2008. In April 2008, she received a wildcard at the WTA tournament in Miami where she lost in the first round to Tathiana Garbin in three sets. In August, Oudin received a wildcard into her first Grand Slam main draw at the US Open.She was defeated by Australian Jessica Moore 6–7, 6–7.
In October that year, Oudin participated in the 2008 Bell Challenge in Quebec City. In the first round, she defeated third seed Sybille Bammer, 6–4, 3–6, 7–5. In the second round, she defeated Russian Olga Puchkova, 6–1, 7–6. Reaching her first WTA quarterfinals, she was defeated by sixth seed Bethanie Mattek, 6–7, 1–6.
Oudin began 2009 by qualifying for the main draw of the Australian Open. She was then defeated in the first round by Akgul Amanmuradova, 1–6, 4–6.
At the 2009 Wimbledon Championships, Oudin entered as a qualifier. Oudin defeated no. 29 Sybille Bammer in three sets in the first round and Yaroslava Shvedova in three sets in the second. In the third round, Oudin defeated world no. 6 Jelena Janković, 6–7, 7–5, 6–2. She lost to Agnieszka Radwańska in the fourth round, 4–6, 5–7.
At the 2009 US Open, Oudin entered as a wildcard. In her first-round match, she easily defeated Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova, 6–1, 6–2. In the second round, she stunned fourth-seeded Elena Dementieva, 5–7, 6–4, 6–3, in her Arthur Ashe Stadium debut. Then in the third round, she defeated a resurgent Maria Sharapova, 3–6, 6–4, 7–5. At 17 years of age, Oudin reached the fourth round of a major event for the second consecutive time. In the fourth round, she played another Russian, 14th-seeded Nadia Petrova. She defeated Petrova, 1–6, 7–6, 6–3, to reach the quarterfinals of the event. She became the youngest woman since Serena Williams in 1999 to reach the quarter-finals at the US Open, and the youngest since Maria Sharapova to reach the quarter-finals at a Major. Her Cinderella story ended when ninth-seeded Caroline Wozniacki defeated her, 2–6, 2–6. A standing ovation occurred when Oudin was leaving the court. After the US Open, Oudin's ranking rose into the top 50. This was Oudin's first top-50 appearance on the tour.
2010.
At the 2010 Australian Open, Oudin was defeated, 6–2, 5–7, 5–7, by Alla Kudryavtseva in the first round.
After rallying from a set and 1–3 down, Oudin defeated Ágnes Szávay to reach her first semifinal of a WTA tour event at the 2010 Open GDF Suez in Paris. She then fell in three sets to world no. 7 Elena Dementieva, in a rematch of the US Open second round. At the Cellular South Cup in Memphis, Oudin was the second seed. She lost in the quarterfinals to Sofia Arvidsson. At the 2010 French Open, Oudin made an early exit by losing 2–6, 5–7 to Anabel Medina Garrigues in the first round. At Wimbledon, Oudin reached the second round, before losing to Jarmila Groth. Oudin reached the second round at the US Open, before losing to Alona Bondarenko, 2–6, 5–7.
2011.
In January, she obtained an invitation to play the Hong Kong Tennis Classic with compatriots Venus Williams and John McEnroe. In the first round of the Australian Open, she lost to Czech Klára Zakopalová in three sets.
Oudin got her first win of the year at the 2011 Open GDF Suez, where she beat Vera Dushevina, 7–5, 5–7, 6–2. In the second round, Oudin lost to Dominika Cibulková of Slovakia, 4–6, 6–7. Having semifinal points to defend, Oudin's ranking dropped from no. 61 to no. 72. Oudin's next tournament was the Cellular South Cup in Memphis. She won her first-round match against Anastasia Pivovarova of Russia, 6–4, 6–0. In the second round, she faced Russian Evgeniya Rodina, only to lose 6–1, 7–5. Oudin was unable to defend her quarterfinal points and therefore saw her ranking fall from no. 72 to no. 81.
In the US Open paired with Jack Sock, Melanie captured the mixed doubles title, defeating the eighth-seeded Argentine pairing of Gisela Dulko and Eduardo Schwank, 7–6 (4), 4–6, 10–8.
2012.
At the beginning of the season, Oudin lost in the first round of the Australian Open qualifying to Laura Robson. In April, she won the ITF 50k Boyd Tinsley Women's Clay Court Classic. Oudin qualified for the Family Circle Cup losing in the first round to Anabel Medina Garrigues. She was awarded the USTA French Open Wild Card an account of her performance in the USTA Pro Circuit. At the French Open, Oudin drew Johanna Larsson of Sweden in the first round. She won 6–3, 6–3. It was her first win ever at the French Open. In the second round, she lost to eventual finalist Sara Errani of Italy 2–6, 3–6.
In June, Oudin won her first WTA title at the Aegon Classic in Birmingham. She qualified and then defeated tenth seed Sorana Cîrstea in the first round. She then beat both Michelle Larcher De Brito and Elena Vesnina to reach the quarter-finals. The tournament was filled with rain delays and Oudin had to cope with the difficulty of coming off and on the court while she beat Irina Falconi and Ekaterina Makarova to reach her first ever final on the WTA tour. She then defeated Jelena Janković 6–4 6–2 in the final. Winning the tournament bumped up her ranking from 208 to 122. Her performance earned her a wildcard at Wimbledon.
At Wimbledon, she was given one of seven wildcard entries into the main draw. In the first round she lost to unseeded Tímea Babos of Hungary in three sets 4–6, 6–4, 3–6.
At the US Open on August 27, number 107 ranked Oudin was unseeded and lost to fifteenth seed Lucie Šafářová of the Czech Republic in straight sets 4–6, 0–6. In the Women's Doubles, she also lost in the first round teaming up with Grace Min.
With the 2012 season coming to a close, Oudin played several tournaments on the ITF tour. At the National Bank Challenger Saguenay 50k in Canada, she advanced to the semi-finals before losing to Eugenie Bouchard 2–6,2–6. At the John Newcombe Women's Pro Challenge in New Braunfels, Texas, she defeated wildcard Victoria Duval in the first round. With wins over Ulrikke Eikeri and Madison Keys, she made it to the final where she defeated Mariana Duque 6–1,6–1. In this tournament, Oudin didn't drop a set.
2013.
Oudin played in the Australian Open, where she lost in the first round to Laura Robson in straight sets. At the French Open, she won her first-round match over Tamira Paszek, before losing in the second round to Zheng Jie in straight sets. At Wimbledon, she lost in the first round to Michelle Larcher de Brito. Oudin did not play in the main draw of the US Open, losing in the first round of qualifying to Elena Baltacha.
Fed Cup.
Oudin played singles in the United States' Fed Cup tie against Argentina in February 2009, losing her first match against Gisela Dulko, but winning the second match against Betina Jozami in three sets.
In November 2009, Oudin lost both of her matches (against Flavia Pennetta and Francesca Schiavone) in the championship round of the 2009 Fed Cup.
In the 2010 Fed Cup, Oudin led the USA to a 4–1 victory over France by defeating Pauline Parmentier and Julie Coin. Against Russia, Oudin then defeated Alla Kudryavtseva in her first singles match, while losing to Elena Dementieva in her second match. Her team still advanced to the final in San Diego. Contrary to expectations, lower ranked Coco Vandeweghe was chosen over Oudin for the first singles match against Francesca Schiavone. After the US team lost both matches on the first day, Oudin replaced Bethanie Mattek-Sands for the third singles match against Schiavone and won, 6–3, 6–1. This kept her team in contention, but proved futile since Vandeweghe lost the next match against Flavia Pennetta. In the 2011 Fed Cup World Group tie against Belgium, Oudin lost both her singles matches against Kim Clijsters and Yanina Wickmayer. In April, she also lost her two matches in the 2011 Fed Cup World Group Play-offs, where the US dropped out of the World Group for the first time since its formation in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18504278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504278" title="Niccolò Canepa">
Niccolò Canepa

Niccolò Canepa (born 14 May 1988 in Genoa) is an Italian motorcycle road racer competing in the Superstock 1000 FIM Cup for Barni Racing Team Ducati.
Having previously competed in the Italian Superstock Championship, the Italian Supersport Championship, and the Superstock 600 UEM European Championship – where he finished runner-up in 2006 – Canepa won the 2007 Superstock 1000 F.I.M. Cup championship on a Ducati, and spent 2008 as a tester of their MotoGP and World Superbike machines. He was given three World Superbike wild card rides in the second half of the , qualifying on the second row for his debut at Brno, on his first experience of the one-shot "Superpole" system. He raced in MotoGP full-time for Pramac Ducati in 2009 with little success, and made an uncompetitive start in Moto2. He moved back to the Superstock 1000 FIM Cup in 2011, and after a season in the Superbike World Championship in , returned to Superstock 1000 in 2013 and became runner-up behind Sylvain Barrier.

</doc>
<doc id="18504295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504295" title="Sammi 2000 Taipei Concert (DVD)">
Sammi 2000 Taipei Concert (DVD)

Sammi 2000 Taipei Concert (VCD) is a live concert recorded in Taipei by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. She also toured in Malaysia, Singapore, New Jersey, Canada, and Los Angeles. The album, "眉飛色舞" supports this tour.
Sammi opens the concert in Taipei with "發熱發亮" and "永遠都不夠". She also sang a Mandarin hit named "出界" and followed with a medley of songs. "孫燕姿" sang with Sammi as a special guest. She also performed her all time Cantonese classic, "捨不得你" and ended the show with "值得". 

</doc>
<doc id="18504304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504304" title="Jonnie Barnett">
Jonnie Barnett

Jonathan Barnett Kaye (1946 in Sumter, South Carolina – August 18, 2002), known professionally as Jonnie Barnett, was an American musician. In the 1970s, he performed as an opening act for several acts such as Tom Waits, Cheech and Chong, and Frank Zappa. He also made appearances in the 1975 film "Nashville", and in "Cheech and Chong's Next Movie". 
One of Barnett's compositions, "One Foot in the Blues", was recorded by Johnny Adams and received a Blues Song of the Year award from 1997 W. C. Handy Blues Awards. Barnett also wrote a short story entitled "The Chain of Love" which appeared in the book "Chicken Soup for the Country Soul". He and songwriter Rory Lee Feek later adapted this story into the song "The Chain of Love", which was a Top 5 country hit for Clay Walker in 2000. The song was based on a real-life event.
Barnett died of a stroke at the age of 56, on August 18, 2002, in Nashville.

</doc>
<doc id="18504335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504335" title="Shields, Virginia">
Shields, Virginia

Shields may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18504342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504342" title="Charloun Rieu">
Charloun Rieu

Charles Rieu aka. Charloun Rieu (November 1, 1846 - January 10, 1924) was a French farmer and poet.
He was buried in Le Paradou.

</doc>
<doc id="18504343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504343" title="Roozegar-e Gharib">
Roozegar-e Gharib

Rozegar-e Gharib () literally "Gharib's Story" is a TV series about Dr. Mohammad Gharib, the father of Pediatrics in Iran by Iranian director Kianoosh Ayyari.
Story.
Ayyari wrote the script and The film reveals the story of Dr. Gharib's life from his childhood to the death. It also deals with History of Iran during 1905 - 1975.
Properties.
Filming began at the end of 2002 and ended in the fall of 2007.
First role performers.
Five actors act in the role of Dr. Gharib from his childhood to the elderness.Parham Karami , Kaveh Ahangar , Shahab Kasraie , Naser Hashemi and Mehdi Hashemi (actor) act in the first role of the Serie.

</doc>
<doc id="18504368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504368" title="List of future North American area codes">
List of future North American area codes

This is a list of future area codes in the North American Numbering Plan, which are intended to be used as needed for additional telephone numbers in various locations. Relief formats and dates are subject to change.
†Indicates planned overlay of multiple area code regions (i.e. not all area codes in the complex serve all areas).

</doc>
<doc id="18504383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504383" title="4Q240">
4Q240

4Q240 ( or 4QCanta) is believed to be a commentary (or pesher) on the Song of Songs, also known as 'Canticles'. Written in Hebrew, it was found in Cave 4 at Qumran in Israel and comprises part of the Dead Sea Scrolls. From its palaeography (script) it has been identified as being early-Herodian.

</doc>
<doc id="18504385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504385" title="Ribeira Square">
Ribeira Square

The Ribeira Square () is a historical square in Porto, Portugal. It is included in the historical centre of the city, designated World Heritage by UNESCO.
The square is located in the historical district of Ribeira ("riverside" in Portuguese), part of the São Nicolau parish. The Ribeira district spreads alongside the Douro river and used to be a centre of intense commercial and manufacturing activity since the Middle Ages. Also since that time the Ribeira Square was the site of many shops that sold fish, bread, meat and other goods. In 1491 the buildings around the square were destroyed in a fire, and the houses were rebuilt with arcades in their groundfloors. During this rebuilding campaign the square also gained a pavement made of stone slabs.
In the mid-18th century the city needed new urban improvements to provide for the swift flow of goods and people between the Ribeira neighbourhood and other areas of Porto. In this context, governor João de Almada e Melo opened a new street, the São João Street, that connected the Ribeira Square and the upper town, and promoted the reurbanisation of the square itself. The project, executed between 1776 and 1782, is credited to John Whitehead, English consul in Porto. The square was to become enclosed on its north, west and east sides by buildings with arcades, while the south side of the square, facing the Douro, was enclosed by the mediaeval walls ("Muralhas Fernandinas") of Porto. These walls were torned down in 1821, opening the square to the river.
The northern part of the square has a monumental fountain, three storeys high, built in the 1780s and decorated with the coat-of-arms of Portugal. The niche of the fountain is occupied by a modern statue of St John the Baptist by sculptor João Cutileiro. The square also has a modern cubic sculpture by José Rodrigues (nicknamed the "Cubo da Ribeira") over the remains of a 17th-century fountain.
Nowadays the Ribeira Square is a favourite spot for tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="18504390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504390" title="Ursula Fleming">
Ursula Fleming

Ursula Fleming (born 1930 in Liverpool - died 1992 in London) was an English psychotherapist, Lay Dominican and author; she was considered an expert in her field of work.
Fleming was educated at Crichton Royal Hospital in Dumfries in south west Scotland. She began developing pain control techniques, as she wanted to be a concert pianist and wanted to control her nerves. Her attempts to find a cure for her unsteady hands led her to find a technique, which she used to treat thousands of patients, and led to her follow a career in complementary medicine. Her technique, known as the Fleming Method, relies on relaxed concentration to overcome pain. Ursula dreamed of opening a training center where she could pass on her knowledge to others but was unable to fulfill her goal due to dying of leukemia. She was married to English tennis player Jack Darkins.
In 1987, Ursuala Fleming was one of the co-founders of The Eckhart Society, a group that aims to promote the views of medieval theologian Meister Eckhart. The society website states:
The impact of Ursula’s work has been enormous. There is now a veritable industry of publications about Eckhart, both books and articles in scholarly journals. Eckhart is becoming ever more widely known. Dag Hammarskjöld, the former Secretary General of the United Nations always had Eckhart’s works by his bedside. The Meister Eckhart Gesellschaft was established in Germany in 2004. Each year there are many doctoral theses published on Eckhart in different languages, and the constant demand for back issues of The Eckhart Review are proof if more were needed of Ursula’s success in helping to rehabilitate the Meister. Ursula’s book Grasping the Nettle (1990) has been translated into Russian and is now being translated into Czech.
Fleming wrote five books and featured in another, the most notable were two on pain control called "Grasping the nettle: A positive approach to pain" and "Fleming Method of Relaxation for Concentration, Stress Management and Pain Control". They are designed to help health care professionals teach pain control techniques to patients.

</doc>
<doc id="18504401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504401" title="Kuroishi Domain">
Kuroishi Domain

History.
Kuroishi Domain began as a 5,000 "koku" "hatamoto" holding, created in 1656 for Tsugaru Nobufusa (1620–1662), the younger son of Tsugaru Nobuhira, 2nd "daimyō" of Hirosaki Domain. Nobuhira had an elder son (Tsugaru Nobuyoshi) by his first wife, the daughter of Ishida Mitsunari, who had been reduced to concubine status when Nobuhira married the niece of Tokugawa Ieyasu to secure his position vis-à-vis the new Tokugawa bakufu following the death of Toyotomi Hideyoshi. However, his position as the son of a concubine resulted in a split in the ranks of the senior retainers of Tsugaru Domain, with a large faction supporting the younger Tsugaru Nobufusa due to his blood connection to the Tokugawa clan, and due to the fact that he was born as son of Nobuhira’s official wife. This resulted in an "O-Ie Sōdō" known as the "Funahashi Sōdō" of 1634, which was only suppressed with assistance by the Tokugawa shogunate and resulted in the exile of a number of Nobufusa’s supporters in 1636. Problems arose again in 1647 in what was called the "Tempyō Sōdō", with remaining supporters of Nobufusa demanding that Nobuyoshi retire in favor of Nobufusa, alleging misgovernment through excessive drinking and womanizing. The situation was partly resolved by the creation of a semi-autonomous subsidiary holding for Nobufusa based at Kuroishi. The size of the holding was later reduced to 4000 "koku" after Nobufusa's death.
However, in 1809, the Tokugawa shogunate raised the revenues of Kuroishi by 6000 "koku" during the rule of Tsugaru Chikatari as part of an agreement with Hirosaki "daimyō" Tsugaru Yasuchika over making Hirosaki Domain partially responsible for guarding the northern frontier lands of Ezo (including Karafuto and the Chishima Islands). The total revenues of 10,000 "koku" enabled Tsugaru Chikatari and his successors to enter the ranks of the "daimyō". 
The 2nd "daimyō" of Kuroishi Domain, Tsugaru Yukitsugu became "daimyō" of Hirosaki Domain after the forced retirement of Tsugaru Nobuyuki, turning the Kuroishi Domain over to his younger brother Tsugaru Tsuguyasu.
During the Boshin War of the Meiji Restoration, the 4th "daimyō" of Kuroishi Tsugaru Tsugumichi initially supported the Ōuetsu Reppan Dōmei, but then defected to the Imperial cause and joined with the forces of Hirosaki Domain at the Battle of Noheji against the forces of Hachinohe Domain and Morioka Domain. Afterwards, his forces also fought in campaigns in Hokkaidō. In July 1871, with the abolition of the han system, Kuroishi Domain briefly became Kuroishi Prefecture, and was merged into the newly created Aomori Prefecture in September 1871. Under the new Meiji government, Tsugaru Tsugumichi was given the "kazoku" peerage title of "shishaku" (viscount), and later served as a member of the House of Peers.

</doc>
<doc id="18504403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504403" title="Area code 456">
Area code 456

Area code 456 is a non-geographic area code used to route inbound calls from locations outside the North American Numbering Plan Area to specific carriers for carrier-specific services.

</doc>
<doc id="18504416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504416" title="Circus (TV series)">
Circus (TV series)

Circus is an 1989 Indian television series directed by Aziz Mirza, set in a circus troupe, and starring popular Hindi film actor of today, Shahrukh Khan when he was a newcomer, and Ashutosh Gowariker who has directed movies such as "Jodha-Akbar", "Swades", "Lagaan", & "Baazi".

</doc>
<doc id="18504424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504424" title="1914 in Croatia">
1914 in Croatia

Events from the year 1914 in Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="18504445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504445" title="Prussian-Hessian Railway Company">
Prussian-Hessian Railway Company

The Royal Prussian and Grand-Ducal Hessian State Railways (German: "Königlich Preußische und Großherzoglich Hessischen Staatseisenbahnen" or "K.P.u.G.H.St.E.") was a state-owned network of independent railway divisions in the German states of Prussia and Hesse in the early 20th century. It was not, as sometimes maintained, a single state railway company.
On 1 April 1897, the management of the Royal Prussian State Railways ("Königlich Preußische Staatseisenbahnen") took over the operations of the railways within the Grand Duchy of Hesse under the initial name "Prussian-Hessian Railway Operation and Financial Association" ("Preußisch-Hessische Eisenbahnbetriebs- und Finanzgemeinschaft"). Ownership, sovereign rights, and profits remained with the state of Hesse in accordance with a state treaty of 23 June 1896. The headquarters of the railway division ("Eisenbahndirektion") was at Mainz.
Hesse could also influence the selection of staff for managerial posts, but engineering and operating procedures followed Prussian regulations alone. All staff wore the Prussian uniform, although the Hessians were allowed to wear a Hessian insignia in addition.
The reason for this agreement was firstly the geographical situation of the state of Hesse — divided into two regions and tightly interlocked with areas of Prussia — and secondly the aim of both states to nationalize the last big private railway company, the Hessian Ludwig Railway ("Hessische Ludwigsbahn"). With 486,318 employees in 1907, Prussian-Hessian Railways was the largest company in the German empire. The Prussian-Hessian Railway Company was renamed following World War I to the Prussian State Railway, but was absorbed in 1920 with other German state railways ("Länderbahnen") into the Deutsche Reichsbahn. 

</doc>
<doc id="18504480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504480" title="Matsudaira Sadayasu">
Matsudaira Sadayasu

Early life.
Matsudaira Sadayasu was born in 1835, the seventh son of Matsudaira Naritaka of the Tsuyama Domain. In 1853, he was adopted by Matsudaira Naritoki, the 9th lord of Matsue. Soon after, Naritoki retired, and Sadayasu became lord of Matsue.
Political career.
During Sadayasu's tenure as lord, Matsue samurai were deployed to security duties in Osaka and Kyoto. For much of the Bakumatsu period, the policy of Matsue was pro-shogunate.
Boshin War.
In 1868, Matsue forces took part in the Boshin War on the side of the Meiji government. The same year, there was a peasant revolt in the Oki Islands, which was part of Matsue territory. Sadayasu dispatched troops to quell it by force; he withdrew after receiving complaints from Satsuma and Choshu.
Retirement and Death.
Sadayasu was relieved of his duties as daimyo in 1871, due to the order for the abolition of the domains. He retired from family headship in 1872, in favor of his adopted son Naotaka. However, as Naotaka retired in 1877, Sadayasu again assumed headship until 1882. In 1882 he passed headship to his 3rd son Naosuke. A few weeks later he died, at age 48.

</doc>
<doc id="18504481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504481" title="Area code 872">
Area code 872

Area code 872 is a North American Numbering Plan overlay of area codes 312 and 773 in Chicago, Illinois, and entered service on November 7, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18504485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504485" title="Damoh (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Damoh (Lok Sabha constituency)

Damoh Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1962. It covers the entire Damoh district and parts of Sagar and Chhatarpur districts.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Damoh Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18504513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504513" title="Phoenix City Hall">
Phoenix City Hall

Phoenix City Hall is the city hall for the City of Phoenix, Arizona, United States. Located in Downtown Phoenix, the building rises 20 floors and in height. Designed by architectural firm Langdon Wilson, Phoenix City Hall began construction in 1992 and was completed in 1994. This city hall replaced the former city hall which was located in the Calvin C. Goode Municipal Building (commonly known as Old City Hall). The total cost to build city hall, construct its adjacent parking garage and renovate the Old City Hall was US$83 million.
See also.
The Calvin Goode Municipal Building is not the same edifice as "Old City Hall", which is located across the Plaza. "Old City Hall" is a duplex style structure with the original Maricopa County Courthouse, designed in 1928 by Lescher & Mahoney and Edward Nield, whose main entrance faces Washington Street. The Old City Hall entrance faces west, what used to be 2nd Ave but is now a memorial plaza between the building and the Calvin Goode Building. All three of these structures are on the south side of Washington Street, the current City Hall tower is on the north.

</doc>
<doc id="18504523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504523" title="Project Silver Bug">
Project Silver Bug

Project Silver Bug was the American "Black" project version of the Avro Aircraft Canada Y-2 undertaken by the United States Air Force in 1953.
Project Silver Bug was a code name given to an experimental saucer-shaped aircraft in the 1950s built by Avro Aircraft Ltd. in Malton, Ontario, Canada for the US military. 

</doc>
<doc id="18504527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504527" title="Meco Plays The Wizard of Oz">
Meco Plays The Wizard of Oz

Meco Plays The Wizard of Oz is a studio album that was released in 1979. The album sold around 400,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="18504535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504535" title="1999 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Championship">
1999 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Championship

The 1999 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Championship was the 16th edition of the Women's Continental Volleyball Tournament, played by eight countries from September 21 to September 26, 1999 in Monterrey, Mexico.
Final round.
Finals.
<br>
Individual awards.
Most Valuable Player: Mireya Luis

</doc>
<doc id="18504556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504556" title="Dick Van Dyke and The Vantastix">
Dick Van Dyke and The Vantastix

Dick Van Dyke and The Vantastix is an a cappella quartet based in Los Angeles, CA. Formed in 2000, after a chance meeting at a coffee shop, the group has performed at a number of benefit and charity events, and has recently released a children's album, 'Put On A Happy Face' produced by BAMP productions.
Members.
Dick Van Dyke - Lead Vocals
Dick Van Dyke is an actor, dancer, singer, and comedian of film, television, and Broadway fame. Mr. Van Dyke sings lead on all but one of the Vantastix songs, and during live performances uses choreography similar to the style of his movies and in one instance "pop-n-loc."
Eric Bradley - All Around Vocals
Eric Bradley is a vocalist, voice-over actor, and studio singer originally from Connecticut. Eric also performs with a cappella group, Sixth Wave.
Bryan Chadima - Tenor
Bryan Chadima is a vocalist and actor who sings high tenor for the group, as well as the vocal percussionist. Bryan also performs in the goth-rock opera musical 'Vox Lumiere,' and is releasing his first solo debut album in Summer 2009. He arranges most of the Vantastix songs, and is one half of the production company BAMP.
Mike Mendyke - Bass
Mike Mendyke is a graduate of MIT and former NASA engineer who now performs full-time and is one half of the production company, BAMP. Mike sings bass for the Vantastix.
Put On A Happy Face.
The Vantastix album released in Fall of 2008. A preview can be heard on the official Vantastix website.
1. Put On A Happy Face 1:57
2. You've Got a Friend in Me 2:16
3. Chitty Chitty Bang Bang 1:42
4. Baby of Mine 3:28
5. High Hopes 2:55
6. The Bare Necessities 2:13
7. Pick Yourself Up 1:25
8. A Lover's Question 1:58
9. It's Not Easy Being Green 1:45
10. Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 1:51
11. Ac-Cent-Tchu-Ate the Positive 3:01
12. Theme From the Dick Van Dyke Show 1:15
Bonus Holiday Songs
13. A Visit From St. Nicholas 3:18
14. Old Fashioned Christmas 2:35

</doc>
<doc id="18504569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504569" title="Satna (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Satna (Lok Sabha constituency)

Satna Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency presently covers the entire Satna district of the state.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Satna Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following seven Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18504577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504577" title="Grover C. Nash">
Grover C. Nash

Grover Cleveland Nash of Georgia (1911–1970) was the first black pilot to fly the mail for the US Postal Service. He was first issued a pilot's license in 1938 and was a member of the Challenger Air Pilot's Association in Chicago and a founding member of the National Airmen's Association of America.
Grover Nash was issued a private pilot's license in 1939 by Harry Hopkins, Secretary of the US Department of Commerce. This information is contained on the National Air and Space Museum website.
Grover Nash of was one of many African-American aviators who lived and worked in the Chicago area where the Challenger Aero Club was founded.

</doc>
<doc id="18504586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504586" title="Bernard Commons">
Bernard Commons

Bernard Commons (15 May 1913 – 19 April 1965) was an Irish politician. A farmer by profession, he was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1943 and 1944 general elections. He was elected to Dáil Éireann at the Mayo South by-election on 4 December 1945 as a Clann na Talmhan Teachta Dála (TD) for the Mayo South constituency. The by-election was caused by the appointment of Micheál Clery of Fianna Fáil as County Registrar of Dublin. He was re-elected at the 1948 general election but lost his seat at the 1951 general election. He was subsequently elected to 7th Seanad by the Agricultural Panel. He stood unsuccessfully at the 1954 general election but was elected to the 8th Seanad. He was defeated at the 1957 Seanad election. 
In the early 1940s, Commons was imprisoned for one month in Sligo Prison for his part in the Mayo land agitation, after which he won a Dáil seat.

</doc>
<doc id="18504589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504589" title="Patrick Lehane">
Patrick Lehane

Patrick Desmond Lehane (died 1 July 1976) was an Irish politician. A farmer by profession, he was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1943 and 1944 general elections for the Cork South–East constituency. He first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1948 general election as a Clann na Talmhan Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork South constituency. He was re-elected at the 1951 general election as an independent TD but lost his seat at the 1954 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18504593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504593" title="Thomas O'Hara">
Thomas O'Hara

Thomas O'Hara (20 July 1911 – 5 April 1984) was an Irish politician, merchant and auctioneer.
He first stood for election to Dáil Éireann at the 1943 general election as an independent candidate for the Mayo North constituency but was not elected. He also unsuccessfully contested the 1944 general election. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1951 general election as a Clann na Talmhan Teachta Dála (TD) for the Mayo North. He was re-elected at the 1954 general election but lost his seat at the 1957 general election.
He unsuccessfully contested the 1961 general election but was elected as a Fine Gael TD at the 1965 general election. He was re-elected at the 1969 general election for the new Mayo East constituency but lost his seat at the 1973 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18504609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504609" title="Combahee Bank Light">
Combahee Bank Light

The Combahee Bank Lighthouse is a former lighthouse in St. Helena Sound on the border of Beaufort and Colleton Counties in South Carolina. It was built in 1868 and abandoned around 1876. 
The lighthouse was a cottage-style screwpile lighthouse that was built to warn of shoals. It was near the location of the current automated light, which is on a dolphin. 
In 1902, a daymark was put on the old structure. Due to settling, the daymark was replaced with a lighted buoy in 1913. Most of the old structure was removed in 1925 by a buoy tender's derrick.

</doc>
<doc id="18504615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504615" title="Hydrogen odorant">
Hydrogen odorant

A hydrogen odorant in any form, is a minute amount of odorant such as ethyl isobutyrate, with a rotting-cabbage-like smell, that is added to the otherwise colorless and almost odorless hydrogen gas, so that leaks can be detected before a fire or explosion occurs. Odorants are considered non-toxic in the extremely low concentrations occurring in hydrogen gas delivered to the end user.
The approach is not new, for the same safety reasons the odorant "tert"-butyl mercaptan is used in natural gas.

</doc>
<doc id="18504694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504694" title="Lac du Fort-du-Plasne">
Lac du Fort-du-Plasne

Lac du Fort-du-Plasne is a lake at Fort-du-Plasne in the Jura department of France.

</doc>
<doc id="18504697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504697" title="1919 in Croatia">
1919 in Croatia

Events from the year 1919 in Croatia.
Events.
Fran Krsto Frankopan and Petar Zrinski were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="18504698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504698" title="Rewa (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Rewa (Lok Sabha constituency)

Rewa Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency came into existence in 1951 as one of the 4 constituencies in Vindhya Pradesh state. This constituency presently covers the entire Rewa district.
Assembly segments.
Before delimitation of parliamentary constituencies in 2008, Rewa Lok Sabha constituency comprised the following eight Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
The following is the list of the Members of Parliament elected from this Lok Sabha constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="18504719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504719" title="Jack Darkins">
Jack Darkins

Jack Darkins was a British tennis player, who played in the 1946 Wimbledon Championships in singles.
Darkins defeated Egypt's Mahmoud Talaat in the first round at the 1946 Wimbledon championship, but was eliminated in the second round by Bernard Destremau.
Darkins was married to Ursula Fleming, an acclaimed British psychotherapist.

</doc>
<doc id="18504722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504722" title="Love Never Dies (musical)">
Love Never Dies (musical)

Love Never Dies is a romantic musical with music by Andrew Lloyd Webber, lyrics by Glenn Slater with additional lyrics by Charles Hart, and book by Lloyd Webber and Ben Elton, with additional material by Slater and Frederick Forsyth. It is a sequel to Lloyd Webber's long-running musical "The Phantom of the Opera". The musical is set in 1907, which Lloyd Webber states is, "ten years roughly after the end of the original "Phantom"," although the events of the original actually took place in 1881. Christine Daaé is invited to perform at Phantasma, a new attraction in Coney Island, by an anonymous impresario and, with her husband Raoul and son Gustave in tow, journeys to Brooklyn, unaware that it is the Phantom who has arranged her appearance in the popular beach resort.
Although Lloyd Webber began working on "Love Never Dies" in 1990, it was not until 2007 that he began writing the music. The musical opened at the Adelphi Theatre in the West End on 9 March 2010 with previews from 22 February 2010. It was originally directed by Jack O'Brien and choreographed by Jerry Mitchell, however the show closed for four days in November 2010 for substantial re-writes, which were overseen by Lloyd Webber, and it opened with new direction from Bill Kenwright. Set and costume designs were by Bob Crowley. The original London production received mostly negative reviews, however, the subsequent Australian production featuring an entirely new design team and heavy revisions was generally better received. The planned Broadway production, which was to have opened simultaneously with the West End run, was delayed and then indefinitely postponed.
Background.
Andrew Lloyd Webber first began plans for a sequel to his 1986 hit musical, "The Phantom of the Opera", in 1990. Following a conversation with Maria Björnson, the designer of "The Phantom of the Opera", Lloyd Webber decided that, were a sequel to come about, it would be set in New York City at the turn of the 20th century. One of his ideas was to have Phantom live above ground in Manhattan's first penthouse, but he rejected this when he saw a TV documentary about the Coney Island fairground. Lloyd Webber began collaborating with author Frederick Forsyth on the project, but it soon fell apart as Lloyd Webber felt the ideas they were developing would be difficult to adapt for a stage musical. Forsyth went on to publish some of the ideas he had worked on with Lloyd Webber in 1999 as a novel entitled "The Phantom of Manhattan".
Lloyd Webber returned to the project in 2006, collaborating with a number of writers and directors. However, he still did not feel the ideas he had were adaptable into a piece of musical theatre. Finally, in early 2007, Lloyd Webber approached Ben Elton (who had served as the librettist for Lloyd Webber's "The Beautiful Game") to help shape a synopsis for a sequel, based on Lloyd Webber's initial ideas. Elton's treatment of the story focused more on the original characters of "The Phantom of the Opera" and omitted new characters that Lloyd Webber and Forsyth had developed. Lloyd Webber was pleased with Elton's treatment and began work on the sequel. In March 2007, he announced he would be moving forward with the project.
The "Daily Mail" announced in May 2007 that the sequel would be delayed, because Lloyd Webber's six-month-old kitten Otto, a rare-breed Turkish Van, climbed onto Lloyd Webber's Clavinova digital piano and managed to delete the entire score. Lloyd Webber was unable to recover any of it from the instrument, but was eventually able to reconstruct the score. In 2008, Lloyd Webber first announced that the sequel would likely be called "Phantom: Once Upon Another Time", and the first act was performed at Lloyd Webber's annual Sydmonton Festival. The Phantom was played by Ramin Karimloo and Raoul was played by Alistair Robbins. However, in September 2008, during the BBC's "Birthday in the Park" concert celebrating his 60th birthday, Lloyd Webber announced that the title would be "Love Never Dies". In other workshop readings, Raoul and Christine were played by Aaron Lazar and Elena Shaddow.
On 3 July 2009, Lloyd Webber announced that Karimloo (who had played the Phantom in the West End) and Sierra Boggess (who had originated the role of Christine in "Phantom – The Las Vegas Spectacular") had been cast as the Phantom and Christine and that the role of Meg Giry would be played by Summer Strallen, Madame Giry by Liz Robertson and Raoul by Joseph Millson. "I'd Do Anything" finalist Niamh Perry was given the role of Fleck.
Lloyd Webber originally intended for "Love Never Dies" to open in London, New York and Shanghai simultaneously in the autumn of 2009. By March 2009, he had decided to open the show at London's Adelphi Theatre, followed by Toronto's Royal Alexandra Theatre (before transferring to Broadway's Neil Simon Theatre in 2010) and Shanghai. The three casts would rehearse simultaneously in London for three months beginning August 2009. Opening dates were soon announced as 26 October 2009 in London, November in Toronto and February 2010 in Shanghai, with a later transfer to Melbourne, Australia. Plans were then announced for a separate Broadway production to run concurrently with the Toronto show if Toronto proved successful. In May, the debut of the London production was delayed until March 2010 due to Lloyd Webber re-orchestrating the score and re-recording the album. Technical issues with the special effects, automaton version of Christine and casting multiple simultaneous productions also contributed to the postponement. By October 2009, Shanghai plans had been dropped in favour of an Australian production.
On 8 October 2009, Lloyd Webber held a press conference at Her Majesty's Theatre, where the original "Phantom" has been running since 1986, confirming the casting of Boggess as Christine and Karimloo as the Phantom. Karimloo sang "Til I Hear You Sing", and "The Coney Island Waltz" was also performed for the journalists, industry insiders and fans who had assembled for the presentation. Lloyd Webber announced that "Love Never Dies" would begin previews in London on 20 February 2010 and anticipated that the Broadway production would open on 11 November 2010 (this was later postponed and then indefinitely). Rehearsals began in January 2010.
Score.
As with "Phantom", Lloyd Webber's score for "Love Never Dies" also includes the fictional music of its time as musical fragments to fictional pieces which are taking place within the show itself. Only "Bathing Beauty" survived the post concept album cuts to be performed on stage.
Instead of the operatic passages for fictional "operas," the "stage" music at Phantasma is based on the companion pieces to the Savoy Operas, which were often burlesques and were also sometimes performed at the Opéra Comique. Many of these kinds of burlesques were based on existing French operas. During the Victorian age, nearly every popular opera was turned into a burlesque. The W. S. Gilbert (of Gilbert and Sullivan) operatic burlesque Robert the Devil is a parody of Robert le diable, a romantic grand opera by Meyerbeer which was mentioned in the opening to "Phantom of the Opera".
These pieces were very popular among the lower class, but not commonly seen by more sophisticated opera goers. According to W. J. MacQueen-Pope:
Like most burlesques, "Robert the Devil" featured women in scanty costumes and breeches roles. In operas, these were always supporting roles. The pageboy role in Christine's second opera is a breeches role, like the part of Cherubino, the Count's page, in The Marriage of Figaro. However, in burlesques, breeches roles could be main parts.
Very little specific information is available for most of these curtain openers. However, the opener for "Pinafore", which had also been performed at the Opéra Comique in 1878, was called "Beauties on the Beach". Meg Giry's grand opening number in "Love Never Dies" is called "Bathing Beauty (On The Beach)".
Productions.
West End (2010–2011).
The first preview of "Love Never Dies" was delayed from 20 to 22 February 2010 due to a last-minute brief illness of Boggess and technical demands. The show had its official opening on 9 March 2010. It was directed by Jack O'Brien, choreographed by Jerry Mitchell, and had set and costume designs by Bob Crowley. The cast included Ramin Karimloo as the Phantom, Sierra Boggess as Christine, Joseph Millson as Raoul, Liz Robertson as Madame Giry, Summer Strallen as Meg Giry and Niamh Perry as Fleck. In April 2010, Lloyd Webber was threatened with a £20,000 fine for illegally painting the Grade II-listed Adelphi Theatre black to promote this musical.
In December 2010, Lloyd Webber closed the London production for a few days to rework the show after a poor critical response. The musical was reviewed again (at Lloyd Webber's invitation), with critic Henry Hitchings noting that "Some of the most obvious alterations stem from the recruitment of lyricist Charles Hart to adjust the cadences of the original clunky lines written by Glenn Slater." He further pointed out that "There are also lots of bracing directorial touches; the show is credited to Jack O’Brien, but it is new choreographer Bill Deamer and producer Bill Kenwright who have added the zest." The London production closed on 27 August 2011 after a disappointing run of fewer than eighteen months. In 2012, Lloyd Webber stated that although he was, "very, very proud" of the London production, it did not completely work and also said, "something just went slightly wrong; I had cancer just before the production, and it was just that crucial 5% off-beam".
The hoped-for Broadway production was announced as delayed to spring 2011. Lloyd Webber also announced that Asian and Canadian productions were planned, although these have been dropped for now. After the mixed reviews and negative reaction from some "Phantom" fans during previews, an executive producer stated that before its bow on Broadway, the show would likely undergo "some changes". On 1 October 2010 it was announced that the musical would not open on Broadway in Spring 2011.
In March 2013, it was reported that the musical may return to the West End after a UK tour of the successful Australian production.
Melbourne (2011).
In 2010, Lloyd-Webber announced that the Australian production would open on 21 May 2011 at Melbourne's Regent Theatre. This production, the first outside of the UK, featured brand new direction and design by an Australian creative team, including director Simon Phillips. Ben Lewis and Anna O'Byrne were cast as the leads, Although Lloyd Webber hopes to bring the Melbourne production to Broadway in the future, he told "The New York Times" that, even with the positive reception of the reworked Melbourne production, a Broadway transfer was probably not realistic. He also announced that the Melbourne production would be filmed on 15 September 2011 and made available on DVD. The recording was originally to be released on DVD and Blu-ray 1 February 2012, but it was later delayed till 29 May 2012 in the United States. In the UK, the DVD was released on 12 March 2012, and in Australia it was released on 8 February 2012. The recorded performance also played in select theatres on 28 February and 7 March 2012. It was then screened again in US cinemas on 23 May 2012. Lloyd Webber stated that even if a Broadway production does not happen, he feels that he has closed the chapter on the piece, as the filmed version is something that he's, "very, very proud of" and it does not really matter to him, "if it comes tomorrow or five years' time". The Melbourne production closed on 18 December 2011.
Sydney (2012).
The Melbourne production transferred to Sydney's Capitol Theatre with previews beginning 8 January 2012 and officially opened on 12 January 2012. The show concluded its limited engagement on 1 April 2012.
Copenhagen (2012–2013).
Det Ny Teater in Copenhagen, Denmark announced that their production of "Love Never Dies" would open on 24 October 2012. Starring Tomas Ambt Kofod and Bo Kristian Jensen as the Phantom and Danish coloratura soprano Louise Fribo as Christine. The production features a new production design by Paul Farnsworth, new stagings by Daniel Bohr and new choreography by Hayley Franks Høier. Karen Hoffmann, who translated the score of "The Phantom of the Opera" into Danish, also translated the score into Danish. The production closed 21 April 2013.
Japan (2014).
A Japanese production will open at the Nissay Theatre in Tokyo, using directions and designs from the original Australian production. Starring Masachika Ichimura and Takeshi Kaga as the Phantom and Megumi Hamada and Ayaka Hirahira as Christine. The production will be opening on March 2014.
Synopsis (revised version).
Prologue.
Ten years after the events at the Paris Opera, the Phantom is now the mastermind of Phantasma, a Coney Island amusement park. Despite the success of his endeavours, he is tortured by the absence of Christine Daae in his life and he longs to hear her sing again ("Til I Hear You Sing"). He sends Christine an invitation to make her American debut on the Phantasma stage. Unaware that the Phantom is behind this, she accepts the invitation and journeys to New York with her husband Raoul (Viscount de Chagny) and son, Gustave.
Act I.
At Phantasma, Madame Giry and the Phantom's performers introduce the wonders of Coney Island ("The Coney Island Waltz"). Meg Giry, Christine Daaé's friend from the Paris Opera, has become "the ooh la la" girl in The Phantom's vaudeville show, which Madame Giry produces. Meg and the Phantasma cast win the crowd over with their performance of "Only for You". Madame Giry assures Meg that she performed wonderfully, although it is uncertain whether or not the Phantom was present at the show. She has read in the newspaper that Christine is coming to New York to sing for Oscar Hammerstein at the opening of his new Manhattan opera house. Madame Giry is concerned that her daughter has lost the attention of the Phantom and she reminisces about how she and Meg smuggled him from Paris, France to New York City ten years ago.
Christine, Raoul and their ten-year-old son Gustave arrive in New York and are met by crowds of paparazzi. They are greeted by the freaks, who arrive by a horseless carriage, to take them to Coney Island (“Are You Ready to Begin?”). Raoul is angry at the reception ("What a Dreadful Town!") and upsets Gustave by not playing with him. As Raoul leaves to go drinking, Christine tells Gustave to "Look With Your Heart" to try to help him understand. Gustave goes to bed, and the Phantom arrives to see Christine. She faints, having believed he was dead, and he carries her to her chair. When she awakes, they have an intense discussion about the last time they were alone together and why he ran away afterwards (“Beneath a Moonless Sky”). They recall that "Once Upon Another Time" they thought their love had a chance of succeeding. He offers to pay her double what Oscar Hammerstein is paying her to sing for him once more, just one song he wrote. Gustave wakes up screaming from a nightmare ("Mother Please, I'm Scared!") and meets the Phantom for the first time. The Phantom promises to show Gustave more of Phantasma. He tells Christine that she must sing for him again or she will return home without the boy. 
In the rehearsal studio for Phantasma, Meg is surprised and jealous to learn that Christine will be singing after her. Raoul encounters Madame Giry and discovers that the Phantom, not Oscar Hammerstein, is the one for whom Christine is singing ("Dear Old Friend"). The freaks bring Gustave to the Aerie, where he is greeted by the Phantom. Child prodigy Gustave sings and plays a melody on the piano ("Beautiful") that leads the Phantom to suspect he is Gustave's father ("He plays like me! He's just 10 years old...ten years old".) The Phantom questions Gustave while showing him the dark wonders, illusions and freaks of Phantasma and finds they are kindred spirits. He unmasks himself, believing Gustave will accept him ("The Beauty Underneath"), but Gustave is horrified and screams. Christine comforts Gustave and asks Meg to go with him back to the hotel so that she and the Phantom can have a private conversation. When pressed by the Phantom, Christine confesses that Gustave is his son ("The Phantom Confronts Christine"). The Phantom makes Christine promise to never tell Gustave that Raoul is not his real father. The Phantom declares that everything he owns will go to him. Having overheard everything, a furious Madame Giry fears all her work over the years has been for nothing.
Act II.
In a gloomy bar, Raoul contemplates his relationship with Christine ("Why Does She Love Me?"). He is joined by Meg, who tells him he is in "Suicide Hall", the place "where people end up when they don't know where else to go." Meg swims each day to wash away the stress of working. She tells Raoul that he must leave with Christine and Gustave. Raoul says he is not afraid of the Phantom, who has been behind the bar. As soon as Meg leaves, the Phantom reveals himself and they make a bet that if Christine sings, the Phantom wins and if she doesn't, Raoul wins. If Raoul wins the bet, the Phantom will pay his debts and Raoul can leave with Christine and Gustave. Otherwise, Raoul must return home to Paris alone. The Phantom leads Raoul to question Gustave's paternity ("Devil Take the Hindmost").
Fleck, Squelch and Gangle appear to advertise Christine's appearance at Phantasma ("Invitation to the Concert"). That night, Meg performs a strip-tease about her choice of swimming costumes ("Bathing Beauty"). The audience goes crazy for Meg, but Madame Giry tells Meg that the Phantom did not watch the performance and it was for nothing ("Mother, Did You Watch?").
"Before the Performance", Gustave explores backstage, while Raoul asks Christine to leave with him if she loves him. As Raoul leaves, the Phantom enters and tells Christine that Raoul's love is not enough and that she must sing for him. In her dressing room, Christine recalls the Opera where she had to decide between Raoul and the Phantom. Madame Giry, Raoul and the Phantom wonder whether Christine will sing ("Devil Take The Hindmost" (reprise)). Christine performs an aria for the crowd, as Raoul and the Phantom watch ("Love Never Dies"). Raoul leaves as Christine finishes to thunderous applause. Christine is greeted by the Phantom and a letter from Raoul informing her of his departure ("Ah Christine"). Gustave is missing, and she becomes worried ("Gustave, Gustave"). She had previously told him to wait for Raoul backstage and did not want to believe that he had taken the boy. Furious, the Phantom vows to kill the "drunken fool," but Squelch informs him that he saw the Viscount leave alone. Then, the Phantom suspects Madame Giry because of her attitude towards him before Christine's number and threatens her as she is brought to him by Squelch and Dr. Gangle. Madame Giry confesses that she knew about Gustave's true parentage, but denies ever going near him. Fleck reports that she was passing Meg's dressing room when she noticed the mirror had been smashed and Meg is nowhere to be found. Christine fears for her child's life, but Madame Giry assures her that Meg would never hurt Gustave. The Phantom believes he knows where Meg has gone.
At Suicide Hall, Meg prepares to drown Gustave, who cannot swim, when the others arrive to confront her. She holds up a gun so the Phantom will listen as she reveals that the resources Madame Giry has afforded him came from Meg's working as a prostitute to influential men. She confesses her love to the Phantom and, letting Gustave go, holds the gun to her head to commit suicide in his presence. The Phantom tries to calm her, but on mentioning Christine, the jealous Meg becomes crazed. The Phantom tries to get the gun, but Meg accidentally shoots Christine. As Madame Giry and Meg are sent to find help, Christine reveals to Gustave that the Phantom is his real father and a shocked Gustave runs off. She tells the Phantom that her love for him will never die. They have one final kiss and she dies in his arms. Gustave returns with Raoul, who looks on silently and sadly, as Gustave goes and joins the Phantom and lays his head on the lap of his deceased mother. Gustave then looks up at the Phantom and takes the Phantom's mask off but does not react as he did before ("Love Never Dies" (reprise)). By gently touching the Phantom's face, Gustave shows that he accepts that the Phantom is his father and chooses to stay with him. Gustave and the Phantom look at each other as the curtain falls.
Characters and original cast.
The following is a list of the principal roles and original cast of "Love Never Dies".
Musical numbers.
"The Concept Album".
"The Original Concept Album" was released in March 2010. It peaked at number 10 on the UK Albums Chart, No. 1 in Greece, No. 8 in New Zealand and No. 15 in Denmark. The following musical numbers are how they appeared on that original album.
London.
The Original London production opened with all the songs from the "Concept Album". However, the show went through several rewrites and many of the songs were rearranged or even removed from the production. Charles Hart, one of the original lyricists from "Phantom of the Opera", was brought in to help in the rewrites. These are the musical numbers as they last appeared in the London Production.
Melbourne and subsequent productions.
The Original (reworked) Australian production opened with many of the songs from the reworked London production with new staging. The reworked libretto is the one currently used by subsequent productions (Copenhagen and Tokyo). Staging and musical numbers for the Australian and subsequent productions:
"Note: The Copenhagen and Tokyo productions have translated the libretto from English to Danish (by Karen Hoffmann) and Japanese (by Ryu Machiko)"
Recordings.
Singles.
The first song released to the public was "The Coney Island Waltz", on the musical's official site as part of a "Love Never Dies"' teaser trailer video in September 2009. The teaser trailer combined clips from the 2009 London EPK video of "The Phantom of the Opera" (featuring Gina Beck, Ramin Karimloo, and Simon Bailey) with black-and-white film footage of immigrants arriving by ship in New York City and shots of Coney Island. The official site later released "The Coney Island Waltz" as a sample track in 2009 and as a complimentary music download for customers pre-ordering the "Love Never Dies" studio recording album. The music video for "The Coney Island Waltz" is set to archival film footage of Coney Island.
"Til I Hear You Sing", sung by Ramin Karimloo, is the first single from the musical and was previewed on 20 February 2010 through "The Mail on Sunday" website. and previewed elsewhere on 22 February 2010. It is a love ballad about the male narrator expressing his longing to hear the voice of his beloved after many years. The promotional music video was an excerpt of Ramin Karimloo's live performance at the 8 October 2009 London press launch and made viewable the same day, with Karimloo singing in a blue-lit set while Sierra Boggess sits quietly on a throne. The official music video features Karimloo undisguised in a flat with a backdrop of projector images and floating appearance of Boggess.
On 26 January 2010 the title song "Love Never Dies" was first publicly performed at "The South Bank Show Awards", sung by Sierra Boggess and accompanied by Lloyd Webber and Louise Hunt on two grand pianos. The show was broadcast on ITV1 on 31 January 2010.
The tune is identical to Lloyd Webber's other musical numbers "Our Kind of Love" from "The Beautiful Game" in 2000 and "The Heart is Slow to Learn", which was intended for a "Phantom" sequel, sung by Kiri Te Kanawa in 1998 at the "Andrew Lloyd Webber: The Royal Albert Hall Celebration". "Love Never Dies" also has a very similar melody to Charles Williams' composition "Jealous Lover" from the 1949 British film "The Romantic Age". "Jealous Lover" was later retitled "Theme from the Apartment" for the 1960 Billy Wilder film "The Apartment".
Welsh singer Katherine Jenkins was approached by Lloyd Webber to record her version of "Love Never Dies" in late 2009. The song appears as the first track on the special edition of Jenkins' album "Believe", which was released on 29 March 2010 in the UK. Jenkins performed the song with Lloyd Webber on the ITV1 show "Dancing on Ice" on 28 February 2010. Lloyd Webber has stated that Jenkins would not fit the score of his musical "Love Never Dies" because her vocal range is a mezzo-soprano, not a soprano like Sierra Boggess.
Japanese singer Ayaka Hirahara was chosen to record "Love Never Dies" in Japanese for a bonus track of the soundtrack album's Japanese release. "Love Never Dies" was also recorded in Mandarin by Liping Zhang and in Korean by Sumi Jo.
Discography.
The concept album of "Love Never Dies" was recorded around 2008–2009, using an 80–90 piece orchestra. Lloyd Webber did not like the orchestrations in the second act, so he had half the album re-recorded. John Barrowman had originally recorded the part of Raoul on the concept album but was replaced by Joseph Millson, who had been cast as Raoul for the stage production at the time the album was re-orchestrated and re-recorded.Sally Dexter, who performed Madame Giry on the album, is replaced by Liz Robertson in the musical. The album was completed in September 2009 and scheduled to be released on 10 March 2010, the day after the show's London opening. Preview sound clips from all tracks on the album became available online on 8 February 2010 at Amazon.co.uk.
A cast recording of the original production was released on 8 March 2010 by Polydor Records in the UK and on 9 March 2010 by Decca Records in North America. It debuted at No. 82 on the "Billboard" 200, No. 1 on the "Billboard" Cast Album chart, and No. 10 on the UK Albums Chart. It also charted at No. 1 in Greece, No. 14 in Taiwan, No. 8 in New Zealand, and No. 15 in Denmark.
Albums.
Love Never Dies Deluxe Edition Cast Recording
Release date: 8 March 2010 (UK), 9 March 2010 (North America)
Number of discs: 2 Audio CDs, 1 DVD-Video
Extras include: "Bonus DVD with interviews and filmed footage and 40 page booklet with full libretto"
Love Never Dies Cast Recording
Release date: 8 March 2010 (UK), 9 March 2010 (North America)
Number of discs: 2 Audio CDs
Both recordings feature the same 19 tracks on Disc 1 and 13 tracks on Disc 2 with each disc matching an act.A digital version of the double CD album was also made available on the "Love Never Dies" official online shop.
Love Never Dies: Asian edition
Release date: 30 March 2010 (North America)
Number of discs: 2 Audio CDs
Extras include: 2 bonus tracks, "Love Never Dies" (Mandarin language version) by Liping Zhang and "Love Never Dies" (Korean language version) by Sumi Jo.
DVD.
The Musical was released via DVD and Blu-ray on 29 May 2012 over Universal Studios Home Entertainment in the United States of America.
Reception.
West End.
Critics' reaction.
After "Love Never Dies" opened on 9 March 2010 in London, it received mixed critical reviews. Perhaps the most positive review was Paul Taylor's in "The Independent" giving the show five stars, and writing, "What is in no doubt is the technical excellence of Jack O'Brien's seamlessly fluent, sumptuous (and sometimes subtle) production, or the splendour of the orchestra which pours forth Lloyd Webber's dark-hued, yearning melodies as if its life depended on them. Special praise should go to the lyrical lavishness of Bob Crowley and Jon Driscoll's designs, with their gilt interiors where the vegetation-imitating contours and giant peacock-plumage of Art Nouveau run rampant, and their ghostly external locations where a brilliantly deployed combination of flowing projection (timed to perfection with emotional/ rhythmic shifts in the music) and solidly presented stage-effects create a dizzying Coney Island of the mind". In stark contrast, Ben Brantley of "The New York Times" gave it zero stars, calling the production "a big, gaudy new show. And he might as well have a "kick me" sign pasted to his backside. ... This poor sap of a show feels as eager to be walloped as a clown in a carnival dunking booth. Why bother, when from beginning to end, "Love Never Dies" is its very own spoiler."
Other positive reviews included Charles Spencer of "The Telegraph", who raved, "this is Lloyd Webber's finest show since the original "Phantom", with a score blessed with superbly haunting melodies and a yearning romanticism that sent shivers racing down my spine." He gave the show four stars out of five, but cautioned that "The show may ultimately prove too strange, too dark, too tormented to become a massive popular hit, but I suspect its creepy allure will linger potently in the memory when frothier shows have been long forgotten". Paul Callan of the "Daily Express" also gave the show four stars, writing that "Love Never Dies" "is an elegant and clever sequel to "Phantom" and deserves to have the old Adelphi Theatre filled every night with Lloyd Webber's core, usually middle-class, audiences. It is a great night out."
In "The Guardian", Michael Billington gave the show three out of five stars, commenting, "There is much to enjoy in Andrew Lloyd Webber's new musical. The score is one of the composer's most seductive." However, Billington said, "The problems lie within the book ... which lacks the weight to support the imaginative superstructure." He continues, "the staging is a constant source of iridescent pleasure. But, as one of the lyrics reminds us, "diamonds never sparkle bright unless they are set just right". ... With a libretto to match the melodies, this might have been a stunner rather than simply a good night out". Tim Walker of "The Sunday Telegraph" praised the production for "what are undoubtedly the most impressive special effects to be had in the West End" and said the principals sang "with gusto, charisma and sexiness." Still, he found himself, "yearning after a while for the big showstopper ... but it never came."
In "The Times", critic Benedict Nightingale gave the show two out of five stars and said, "Where's the menace, the horror, the psychological darkness? For that I recommend a trip to Her Majesty's, not the Adelphi." Another unenthusiastic review appeared in the "London Evening Standard", where critic Henry Hitchings wrote that "while Lloyd Webber's music is at times lavishly operatic, the tone is uneven. There are no more than a couple of songs that promise to live in the memory, the duets don’t soar, and the ending is insipid. Admirers of "Phantom" are likely to be disappointed, and there's not enough here to entice a new generation of fans". Hitchings also commented that the story "is largely predictable – and flimsy. The chief problem is the book. ... It lacks psychological plausibility. Worse, it lacks heart. There's little pathos or emotional tension. There is also scarcely a moment of humour lyrics are prosaic, and the flickers of light relief are merely confusing." Similarly, David Benedict of "Variety" wrote that the show "wants to be a tragic romance, but it's simply torpid. Only a radical rewrite will give it even the remotest chance of emulating its predecessor."
Quentin Letts of "The Daily Mail" gave the show a negative review, stating that it "is as slow to motor as a lawnmower at spring's first cut". He also criticised the show for lacking in storytelling and romance, stating that it "assumes that we understand the attraction these two dullards and Raoul have for the beautiful Christine. Could she do no better? ... In the end you conclude that she simply seeks out suffering to improve her art." Letts praised the performances and the orchestration but concluded that the show was not a hit: "But if it is a miss, it is ... a noble miss, noble because Lloyd Webber’s increasingly operatic music tries to lift us to a higher plane." Susannah Clapp of "The Observer" was also critical of the book and called the show "drab" and "about as tension-filled as winding wool." Even the musical numbers, she wrote, "never meld with the visual splendours, never give the effect, which is Lloyd Webber's gift, of the music delivering the scenery." Sam Marlowe of "Time Out London" gave the show one out of five stars, calling it "ghastly" and "an interminable musical monstrosity". He observes: "With its sickening swirls of video imagery, pointless plot, and protracted, repetitive songs, "Love Never Dies" ... is punishingly wearisome."
Other negative reviews appeared in the "Financial Times", "Entertainment Weekly", "The Arts Desk", and numerous others.
Audience and other assessments.
Dave Itzkoff of "The New York Times" reported on fan reaction: "How is the new Phantom faring with theatergoers who have seen it in previews? Not so well. ... Elsewhere online, 'Love Never Dies' has even spawned a Facebook protest group called 'Love Should Die', which declares in its mission statement: 'We feel strongly that Andrew Lloyd Webber’s latest musical ... is a completely misguided venture that is a detriment to the story of the original "Phantom of the Opera" novel and musical of the same name'. … Virtually everything about the show strikes us as illogical, irrational, offensive and – frankly – stupid." A barbed reworking of the show's title from "Love Never Dies" to "Paint Never Dries" was originated by the London-based theatre bloggers, The West End Whingers. It has subsequently been picked up and repeated by a multitude of journalists, both in print and on screen.
Columnist Barbara Ellen of "The Observer" ridiculed the pomposity of some of the unfavourable reviews in her column on Sunday 28 March 2010, in a jokey "Open letter to London's famous Adelphi theatre": "Dear Mr Adelphi, Regarding the performance I viewed last week of Andrew Lloyd Webber's Phantom sequel, Love Never Dies, ridiculed as "Paint Never Dries". With regret, I must demand my money back; it simply wasn't bad or boring enough. My companions and I paid our money and went along in good faith, expecting a right old disaster. Imagine our disappointment when it was good. The phantom bore an eerie resemblance to Martin Amis sulking after his tiff with Anna Ford, but, sir, this was not enough. A catastrophe we were promised and a catastrophe we expected to see. One concedes that it is not all the production's fault. Negative reviews, the dark art of anti-hype, are a dangerous business. However, do fine feelings pay my babysitter? I feel that I, and several innocent coach parties, were tricked into going to "Paint Never Dries", and, against our will, forced to endure an enjoyable evening. I'm sure I speak for many when I say I left your theatre wholly dissatisfied with how incredibly satisfied I felt".
Australia.
Critics' reaction.
The reworked production received mostly positive reviews during its engagements in Melbourne and Sydney.
Chris Boyd, of "The Australian" called the musical, "The best thing Lloyd Webber has written in the quarter century since "Phantom of the Opera", "Love Never Dies" is still a missed opportunity. It toys half-heartedly with domestic melancholia. Christine's wealthy suitor Raoul, 10 years on, is an insecure and possessive husband who uses his wife's talents to pay off his gambling debts. He frets that he cannot deliver to Christine "the rush that music brings", leaving her vulnerable, once more, to her angel of music. "Love Never Dies" provides several of those rush moments, but doesn't quite connect the starry dots. Musically, there are some riches – a fluttering duet between Meg and Christine for example – but few surprises." As for Gabriela Tylesova's sets such as, "Coney Island carnival, deco interiors, a shabby bar," he found them, "endlessly fascinating; they're spectacular without being ostentatious. The main feature is an upright metal circle, part Luna Park mouth, part Stargate. Her costumes, too, are gorgeous."
Jason Blake of the "Sydney Morning Herald" said, "Phillips's production steers clear of "chandelier moments", favouring sustained invention, seamless flow and an engulfing sense of nightmare. There's wow factor, of course (a galloping carousel is an early highlight) though quieter scenes are realised with the same attention to detail, particularly the recreation of a Coney Island bar to frame Raoul's saloon song feature (Why Does She Love Me) and his face-off with Mr Y (Devil Take the Hindmost) An inspired, often ravishing production for sure, though of a sequel that doesn't make a strong enough musical or narrative argument for its own existence."
In the "Daily Express", Mark Shenton commented, "Now under the new leadership of director Simon Phillips, and with a fresh creative team, there is a new vision to the show in Australia and here, at last, is the masterpiece that was always crying to be let out...The new production has a spectacular Gothic theatricality that heightens, deepens and darkens those emotions."
Kate Herbert of the "Herald Sun" gave the show four out of five stars and wrote, "With its vivid design, eccentric characters and mystical imagery, this is a ravishing spectacle that captures the dark mystery of a perilous fairground (circa 1907) and should convert even a die-hard Phantom fan." She also said, "Lloyd Webber's score (conducted skilfully by Guy Simpson) intermittently and elegantly reprises the original Phantom, connecting the two stories" but she did feel that, "several songs, with trite lyrics, lack punch. A bigger problem is the unsatisfying story. There are unnecessary Red Herrings and too many villains."
William Yeoman of "The West Australian" wrote, "With book by Ben Elton and lyrics by Glenn Slater and Charles Hart, "Love Never Dies" is a curious mixture of gothic romance, vaudeville and verismo, with Lloyd Webber's lush, romantic score spinning like a fairground ride from Puccini to Pulcinella to driving rock to delicate aria as the tragedy unfolds. Under Simon Phillips' unfailingly cogent direction, the cast too manage to transform the most unpromising material, if not into gold then at least into silver."
Cameron Woodhead of "" gave the show three and a half out of five stars and said, "Between Gabriela Tylesova's set and costumes, Nick Schlieper's lighting, and Graeme Murphy's choreography, you’re in for some spectacular stagecraft. After the Phantom pines for Christine and ascends to the gods (’Til I Hear You Sing), the scene breaks into an elaborate circus (Coney Island Waltz). Introduced by a trio of freaks, the amusement swells into a crowd of acrobats and stilt-walkers, fire-twirlers and magicians, with Luna Park-like plastic heads, a portable big-top, and rows of carnies singing from rollercoaster tracks suspended mid-air. It's breathtaking stuff, and not the best of "Love Never Dies" dark illusionism. That honor belongs to a scene, deeper into Coney, where transparent obelisks caging eldritch wonders – including a gilded mermaid – rotate across the stage."

</doc>
<doc id="18504748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504748" title="Donna Fletcher Crow">
Donna Fletcher Crow

Donna Fletcher Crow is an author best known for historical Christian fiction.
Biography.
Donna Fletcher grew up in Nampa, Idaho. She participated in competitive riding, winning the titles of Snake River Stampede Rodeo Queen in 1959 and Miss Rodeo Idaho in 1960, and she was a runner up in the Miss Rodeo America 1960 competition. She graduated from Northwest Nazarene University in 1964. Donna married Stanley Crow, a college classmate, in 1964. They have four grown children, and live in Boise, Idaho.
Donna Fletcher Crow is the author of two dozen novels plus children's books, nonfiction works and plays. She brings a lifetime love of English literature and history to her writing which has earned numerous awards.
'Glastonbury, The Novel of Christian England', one of her most successful books, is an epic novel which tells the history of England from the birth of Christ through the English Reformation, covering Roman, Celtic, Arthurian, Anglo-Saxon, Norman and Tudor periods. Two more epics of British Christian history followed Glastonbury. 'The Fields of Bannockburn' tells the story of Scotland from the arrival of St. Columba on the Isle of Iona in A.D. 563 through the achievement of William Wallace's dream of Scottish independence in 1320 under Robert the Bruce, the real 'Braveheart.' Her 1998 Irish epic 'The Banks of the Boyne' traced the history of The Troubles from the beginning of the Plantations in the early 17th century on into the establishment of real peace.
'The Cambridge Chronicles' is a six-book series covering the history of the Evangelical Anglican movement through the 18th and 19th centuries. These historical novels tell the stories of the part played by John and Charles Wesley, the Countess of Huntingdon, Roweland Hill, Charles Simeon, William Wilberforce, the Earl of Shaftesbury, Hudson Taylor, the Cambridge Seven, and others whose influence is still felt in England today.
Donna Fletcher Crow's current project is 'The Monastery Murders', series set in current times in a monastery in rural Yorkshire. Her American heroine and Anglican priest hero must learn from saints and heroes of the past in order to solve modern mysteries.
 Crow says she writes for the love of telling a story and her goal is to expand her reader's experience. "Background is especially important to me," she says, "both in what I read and what I write. Research is one of my favorite aspects of writing. I suppose at heart I'm still a teacher.
 "I love my characters, even the villains. They are almost always combinations of people I know. For me, plot is the most difficult aspect of mystery writing, but ironically, I love dealing with structure. I'm fanatical about viewpoint and— here's the English literature teacher again— theme never fails to delight me when it shows its face."
 An enthusiastic gardener, she grows David Austen English Roses and loves the challenge of creating an English cottage garden in the Idaho desert. She lists her favorite pastimes as drinking tea, reading, taking research trips and playing with grandchildren. Most influential authors include: Jane Austen, Dorothy L. Sayers, Barbara Pym, P. D. James and Susan Howatch.
Bibliography.
The Monastery Murders
The Elizabeth and Richard Mysteries
Notes and references.
Honors:
The Banks of the Boyne, Silver Angel, First Place Historical Fiction, 1999 National Federation of Press Women
The Fields of Bannockburn, First Place Historical Fiction, 1997 National Federation of Press Women
Professional Achievement Award, 1994 Homecoming, Northwest Nazarene College
Glastonbury First Place, Historical Fiction, 1993, National Federation of Press Women
Award of Merit, Juvenile Books, Idaho Press Women, 1990
Pacesetter Award, Mt. Hermon Writer's Conference, 1990
Outstanding Historical Fiction, Idaho Press Women, National Federation of Press Women, 1989
Idaho Writer of the Year, 1988
Best Inspirational Novel, Finalist, 1985, Romance Writers of America
Writer of the Year, 1983, Mt. Hermon Writers Conference
Listings:
Contemporary Authors, NRS 1996
Something About The Author, 1986
Contemporary Authors, 1983
Who's Who of American Women, 14th edition
The World Who's Who of Women, 8th and 10th editions
Who's Who in U.S. Writers, Editors & Poets, 3rd edition
International Authors and Writers Who's Who, 11th & 12th editions
Notable American Women, 1st illustrated edition 1988
Biography International, 1986
Dictionary of International Biography, XXI edition
Five Thousand Personalities of the World, 2nd edition
Personalities of America, 5th edition
Outstanding Young Women of America, 1972
Who's Who in American Colleges and Universities, 1964

</doc>
<doc id="18504750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504750" title="DRG Class 45">
DRG Class 45

German Class 45 steam locomotives were standard locomotives ("Einheitslokomotiven") designed by the Deutsche Reichsbahn for hauling goods trains.
History.
The Class 45 engines were the most powerful steam locomotives ever operated in Germany. They were built between 1936 and 1937 by the firm of Henschel. After the first two engines entered service, a further 26 units were delivered in 1940. However, the third order for another 103 machines was cancelled in 1941, because the outbreak of the Second World War favoured the construction of simpler wartime locomotives, the so-called "Kriegslokomotiven". The Class 45s were given the operating numbers 45 001 - 45 028.
After the war, boiler damage appeared very quickly that made a reduction of the boiler overpressure to 16 bar necessary. From 1950 therefore several Deutsche Bundesbahn machines were equipped with an outer firebox with a combustion chamber and a mechanical underfeed stoker ("Rostbeschicker"). The engines with operating numbers 45 010, 45 016, 45 019, 45 021 and 45 023 were provided with welded boilers and underfeed stoker equipment. 
The engine rebuilt by the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany into high pressure variant with operating number 45 024 (called the "H 45 024") was a failure and was retired in 1959. Parts of this locomotive (outside cylinders, trailing wheels and the rear section of the locomotive frame) were used in building engine no. 18 201.
In 1968 the Deutsche Bundesbahn only had three examples left, which were used as braking and experimental engines by the Bundesbahn Central Office in Munich and Minden. They were no. 45 023, which was stabled in Munich, and nos. 45 010 and 45 019, which were stationed at Minden. On the evening of 17 October 2005 a fire destroyed the locomotive shed of the Nuremberg Transport Museum in Nuremberg, as a result of which the last preserved example of this class, the 45 010, was badly damaged. It is planned to restore it.
This class was initially a faulty design, similar to the DRB Class 06, because of its poor boiler. Following replacement of the boiler and the introduction of mechanical stoking the true qualities of this locomotive became clear. As well as being used as braking locomotives for the Bundesbahn Central Office, in their final years numbers 45 019 and 45 010 were used time and again for those heavy goods train duties that the Class 44 locomotives had difficulties with. 
The vehicles were coupled with 2'3 T 38 tenders. Those with underfeed stokers had 2'3 T 29 Stoker tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18504761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504761" title="Belmont Abbey, Herefordshire">
Belmont Abbey, Herefordshire

Belmont Abbey, in Herefordshire, England is a Catholic Benedictine monastery that forms part of the English Benedictine Congregation. It stands on a small hill overlooking the city of Hereford to the east, with views across to the Black Mountains, Wales to the west. The 19th century Abbey also serves as a parish church.
History.
The monastery was founded as Belmont Priory in 1859 to be the Common Novitiate and House of Studies for the English Benedictine Congregation. Francis Wegg-Prosser, of nearby Belmont House, who had been received into the Catholic Church, can rightly be called its founder. In 1855 the church became the pro-Cathedral of the diocese of Newport and Catholic Diocese of Menevia. The Benedictine Thomas Joseph Brown was its first bishop, who is buried in the church. Belmont was unique in England by having a monastic cathedral chapter along the pattern of the Benedictine cathedral priories of mediaeval England, such as Canterbury, Winchester and Durham. The monks were the canons of the Cathedral.
A move to transfer the training of monks to the individual monasteries of the English Benedictine Congregation led to Belmont being allowed to take its own novices in 1901, and become an independent house in 1917. In 1920 Belmont was raised to the rank of an Abbey by the papal bull "Praeclara Gesta". The Church ceased to be a Cathedral, it being transferred to Cardiff.
The Abbey Church.
The Abbey Church is a grade II* Listed building. Its construction began in 1857 and it was consecrated on 4 September 1860. It was built to the designs of Edward Welby Pugin, son of the great Augustus Welby Pugin. Built in the decorated, early English style, it demonstrated the resurgent optimism of the restored Catholic faith. 
The exterior is in local pink sandstone, simple and unadorned, reminiscent of many classical monastic facades of the fourteenth century. The interior is faced with warm Bath stone. The church is dominated by four elegant, steeply pointed, arches which support the central tower. Originally this was the crossing, but now the altar stands here at the centre of the Church. The whole church was expensive for its time costing £45,000.
The church is noted for the quality of its sculpture and stained glass. Dedicated to St Michael and All Angels worshippers are surrounded by angels with harps, cymbals and pipes to accompany the monks and worshippers in their prayer. The finest stone angels are those in the nave, but the eye is drawn to the angel reredos in the east end of the church and fine Victorian glass showing the archangels Michael (the abbey's patron, sword and shield in hand, trampling the dragon), Raphael and Gabriel and the nine choirs of angels as an angelic orchestra sounding of praises of God.
Under a magnificent wooden roof stands the monastic choir, where the Community gathers five times a day for the Divine Office and Mass. Side altars are dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary, St Joseph, and a memorial altar commemorating the old boys of the school who lost their lives in the Second World War. The North Transept was formerly an elaborate chantry chapel dedicated to the Welsh Saints. 
St Benedict's chapel, completed in 1875, is a colourful gem of its own showing the monastic founder in the central reredos. The chapel offers a history of monasticism in the west through the saints portrayed there.
Monastic life.
The monastic community follows the Rule of St Benedict under the guidance of an Abbot, centred around the Divine Office and Mass prayed daily in the Abbey Church. 
Following the post-Reformation English tradition the monks have been involved in educational and pastoral work. In 1926 Belmont Abbey School was founded. This continued to expand in the post war years. Two prep schools were also founded, Alderwasley and Llanarth, Monmouthshire. These in turn were closed, and the school at Belmont was itself closed in 1993, but there is a loyal association of old boys and girls. 
Today the monks undertake numerous works including the pastoral care of the Catholics in Herefordshire, west Cumbria and South Wales. In addition the community maintains a small foundation at Pachacamac near Lima, Peru - the Monastery of the Incarnation. 
The monks also run the retreat, guesthouse and conference centre, Hedley Lodge. A programme of educational visits is offered to schools throughout the West Midlands and Wales.
The community currently numbers 39 monks in England and Peru. In 2001 its former Abbot Mark Jabalé was appointed Bishop of Menevia. His successor as Abbot is Paul Stonham. Current Prior is Dom Nicholas Wetz.
In 2006 the Heritage Lottery Fund awarded Belmont Abbey a grant for their project "Discovering Belmont Abbey, to make the Abbey Church more accessible to a wide range of people, to enlarge its educational activities and restore the fabric of the church. Work is to commence in August 2008.
Sexual Abuse Scandal.
Father John Kinsey was sentenced to five years at Worcester Crown Court in 2005 by Judge Andrew Geddes for a series of serious offences relating to assaults on schoolboys attending Belmont Abbey School in the mid 1980s. 
Kinsey attacked three schoolboys while a monk at Belmont Abbey during a two-year period, grooming and attacking victims during bell ringing lessons, carrying out altar service duties and while playing the church organ. The frequency of his attacks increased to a weekly basis before Kinsey was sent away from the Abbey for a short period to train as a priest.
Due to falling pupil numbers Belmont Abbey closed the school in the early 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18504769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504769" title="Guy Manoukian">
Guy Manoukian

Guy Manoukian (, ) is a Lebanese-Armenian musician, composer and pianist. He is a university graduate in law. He was also a basketball player in the Lebanese Basketball League.
Biography.
Guy Manoukian started to play piano at the age of four, when he started studying classical music. He first appeared on television at the age of 6; he was invited to play in the Lebanese presidential palace at the age of 7 and composed music at the age of 8, winning his first competition. He started performing professional concerts in 1997.
Guy Manoukian is married and has two sons
Albums.
His music also appeared in collections like "The REG Project" (2001), "Arabia Night" (2006), Bellylicious (2006), "Experience Egypt" (2006), "Ultimate Discotheque Orientale" (2007), "Fashion TV Arabia" (2007)
Manoukian Music.
Guy Manoukian established Manoukian Music, specializing in producing music and sound design for films, artists, concept albums and advertisements.

</doc>
<doc id="18504774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504774" title="Fernand Mourlot">
Fernand Mourlot

Fernand Mourlot (5 April 1895 - 4 December 1988), son of Jules Mourlot, was the director of Mourlot Studios and founder of Editions Mourlot.
Early life and career.
Fernand Mourlot was born on 5 April 1895 in Paris, France. He was the sixth of nine children of Jules Mourlot and Clemence Gadras. In 1911, at the age of 16, he was admitted as a student to the École nationale supérieure des arts décoratifs where he studied drawing. After his studies he joined his father and older brothers in the family business, the "Imprimerie J. Mourlot". In 1914, Jules Mourlot, through the sale of Russian bonds, would begin expanding the studios, eventually opening a second location on rue St. Maur and purchasing Imprimerie Bataille on rue de Chabrol. 
That year, the three eldest Mourlot brothers were also drafted into the French Army and sent to the front. Paul, the oldest brother, would be killed shortly after the start of the war. Georges and Fernand would remain in the army through 1918 and would both participate in many battles including the Battle of Verdun. While at the front, they would learn in 1917 of the death of their mother Clemence. 
Upon their return, they rejoined their father in the business. Georges, the eldest, would head the operations of the studios, while Fernand would concentrate on the artistic side and business development. At the death of their father in 1921, the name of the studios was changed to "Mourlot Freres" (Mourlot Brothers), with Georges and Fernand heading the company, while the other siblings became minority holders in the business.
Contribution to lithographic posters.
In 1923, Mourlot won a contract to produce an original lithographic poster to promote an exhibition of French Modern Art in Copenhagen, Denmark. A few years later, through the friendship he had developed with the writer Georges Duhamel, himself a former veteran of World War I, Fernand Mourlot met the painter Maurice de Vlaminck. In 1926 the three men worked closely on the production of what became the first of many illustrated books printed by Mourlot Studios. 1930 marked the start of another important and long lasting cooperation: the one between Mourlot and the director of the French National Museums. That year, the Studios printed a poster for the hundred year anniversary of Romanticism and another poster to promote the retrospective of Delacroix's work at the Musée du Louvre. These were followed in 1932 by a poster for an exhibition of Édouard Manet's work at the Musée de l'Orangerie, and in 1934, a poster of Honoré Daumier's work at the Bibliothèque Nationale.
By 1937, Mourlot Studios had become the largest printer of artistic posters and was often hired by French and foreign museums, such as the Tate Gallery, to produce high quality posters for their upcoming exhibitions. That year, two more historically important posters for Pierre Bonnard and Henri Matisse would be created for the exhibition of the "Art Independent" at the Petit Palais. They would lead to a crucial meeting between Mourlot and Matisse and would usher the next chapter in the history of the Mourlot Studios.
Original limited fine art prints.
For some time, Fernand Mourlot had been inviting artists to come and work on location at the Mourlot Studios to create original graphic works of art. In previous decades they had been limited to having their work reproduced into prints by craftsmen. A few artists like Vuillard, Vlaminck and Utrillo had taken him up on the offer with successful results. But it was only through meeting Henri Matisse and subsequently, the publisher Teriade, that other major artists truly became intrigued.
In the late 1930s, the studios printed several illustrations and covers for Teriade's artistic review "Verve". Through this collaboration, Fernand Mourlot would develop friendships with many of the famous artists of the time such as Fernand Léger and Georges Braque. Unfortunately, all major projects were put on hold due to the events of World War II. During the German occupation, most of the artistic and commercial production of the studios slowed considerably. Fernand Mourlot spent most of his time with the fictitious administration of other printing studios (Imprimerie Union), owned by Jewish friends and colleagues, thus avoiding the forced transfer of their assets to the state, and to the production of forged identification papers. 
Still, two notable events for Mourlot would take place during those years. The first was a collaboration with the gallery owner Louis carre that would bring works with Georges Rouault and Raoul Dufy; the other was an introduction by the writer Jean Paulhan, to the artist Jean Dubuffet and the first book publishing ventures by Fernand Mourlot in 1944, with the creation of "Les Murs", poems by Guillevic and "Matiere et Memoire" with a text by Francis Ponge.
Post War.
In October 1945, encouraged by Henri Matisse and Georges Braque, Pablo Picasso meets with Fernand Mourlot. A few days after the meeting, the artist decides to dedicate himself to the lithographic medium. This first visit will last four months. With days often starting at 8:30 in the morning and finishing well after 8:00 in the evening, Picasso will thoroughly explore the lithographic process. This experience will usher in a collaboration with the Mourlot studio that would last almost three decades and produce over 400 different graphic images and editions.

</doc>
<doc id="18504782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504782" title="Perry Stevenson">
Perry Stevenson

Perry George Stevenson (born January 23, 1987 in Lafayette, Louisiana) is an American professional basketball player. A power forward, he formerly played for the University of Kentucky men's basketball team. In his first regular season collegiate game on November 15, 2006, Perry blocked seven shots against Miami (OH) and was given the nickname "Swat" for his ability to block shots.
Stevenson's career-highs include 18 points, 14 rebounds, 7 blocks, 5 steals and 2 assists, respectively (all achieved during his sophomore season). Stevenson saw more playing time after Wildcat star freshman Patrick Patterson suffered an ankle injury before the rematch with Tennessee. Stevenson picked up three of those career highs during that period of time. His sophomore season, he averaged 5.9 points per game and 5.1 rebounds per game. Stevenson has been moved into the starting rotation for the Kentucky Wildcats ever since their trip to the 2008 NCAA Tournament. Stevenson ranks fifth on UK's all-time blocked shots list with 160.
He was a substitute teacher for Fayette County Public Schools in January, 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="18504803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504803" title="2007 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles">
2007 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Doubles

Paul Hanley and Kevin Ullyett were the defending champions, but lost in the first round to Andrei Pavel and Alexander Waske.
Martin Damm and Leander Paes won in the final 6–3, 6–7(5), [10–7], against Andrei Pavel and Alexander Waske.

</doc>
<doc id="18504822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504822" title="Jay Gubitz">
Jay Gubitz

Jay Gubitz is an American artist who has pioneered the art of Stained Glass Sculpture. While the art of Stained Glass has been around for a while, Jay has taken the traditionally two-dimensional art form to three dimensions. He was awarded First Place in the Gallery of Excellence at the Glass Craft Expo for his "Scarlet Macaw" sculpture. He also won Glastar's 3-D stained glass competition for both his "Peacock" and "Screaming Eagle" sculptures.
Biography.
Born in New York in 1929, Jay spent his early career as an artist in Marketing. After retiring in 1985, he began to learn the art of Stained Glass, thanks to the suggestion of his wife, Elaine.
After enrolling in a couple of introductory courses, he took that knowledge and continued to teach himself by trial and error. He started with traditional two-dimensional windows, but quickly started challenging himself with three-dimensional works.
Evolution of Stained Glass Sculpture.
Getting his inspiration from nature, he set out to create three-dimensional birds. Jay went through 3 generational styles in coming to his final, and most realistic, style.
The first generation bird had a flat silhouette body, with a one-layer wing, curved slightly upward. Although this style had the general appearance of a bird, it was hardly lifelike.
The second generation was the square-bodied bird. It had two silhouettes of the body connected at the top and bottom with rectangles of glass, giving it a box-like effect. Although this style now had a three-dimensional body, the square edges didn't give the bird a fully lifelike appearance.
The third generation is the present one: the lifelike round-bodied birds (and animals). By making wood carvings of the birds' bodies, he was able to create the rounded patterns necessary for this style's realism and complexity.
Examples of Jay's Sculptures.
Below are just a few examples of Jay's creations.
Scarlet Macaw
Awarded First Place in the Gallery of Excellence at the Glass Craft Expo, this Scarlet Macaw, has a 32" wingspan, is 29 inches from head to tail, and sits on a 53"-tall brass floor perch.
Peacock
This award-winning sculpture, Best of the Year 2000 in 3-D in Glastar's competition, has a fan-spread of forty-eight inches, is made of nearly 1,300 pieces of iridized glass, and weighs 27 pounds. The fan has 101 "eyes."
Screaming Eagle
The Screaming Eagle has a 56" swept-back wingspan, red glass eyes, open beak, and metal talons. It is made of 814 pieces of textured black glass, with the wings having five layers of "feathers." It is another award-winner in Glastar's competition, 3-D category in the year 2000.
Zebra
This life-sized, 3-dimensional sculpture is made from more than 1,200 pieces of black and white iridized glass, and weighs only 14 pounds because it is hollow inside.

</doc>
<doc id="18504830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504830" title="Black in America">
Black in America

Black In America is a multi-part series of documentaries hosted by reporter Soledad O'Brien on CNN. The series is about various issues regarding blacks (African-Americans) which includes panel discussions on issues facing the black community, and a look at the culture of black families in America, men and women. 
It features exclusive commentary by music mogul Russell Simmons, Grammy Award-winning rapper Lupe Fiasco, comedian D.L. Hughley, award-winning filmmaker Spike Lee, and actress/comedian Whoopi Goldberg.
The program has been extremely successful. CNN.com’s interactive section for "Black In America" garnered over 2.4 million page views. The "Black In America" iReport.com assignment received over 1,000 submissions. Several viewers of the first episode were so inspired by the program that they launched BlackInAmerica.com, an online community and social network for black Americans who want to address the issues and challenges of Black America.
The success of the program also led to CNN producing additional episodes and making it a series. The second episode, "Black in America 2", premiered on July 22, 2009 and tells the story of "Journey For Change", a youth empowerment program funded and led by activist Malaak Compton-Rock. "Journey For Change" is a yearlong program that works with 30 teenagers selected from the community of Bushwick in Brooklyn, New York to be "global ambassadors" through community service and fundraising projects. The program starts off with a 2 week trip to South Africa where kids who are used to being on the receiving end of aid are exposed to an environment where they are the privileged and they are the ones who are giving to the needy.
On September 2, 2008, the "CNN Presents: Black in America" documentary was made available for sale on Amazon.com and other retailers. It is also available through iTunes for download.
Since 2010, voice actor Kareem Taylor has been the announcer of the "Black in America" commercial campaign.
Parts of Series.
An exploration of the varied experiences of black women and families investigates the disturbing statistics of single parenthood, racial disparities between students and the devastating toll of STDs/HIV/AIDS. CNN also reports on the progress of Black women in the workplace and the status of the Black middle class.
Through the personal stories of graduates of the 1968 class of Little Rock Central High School and their sons and grandsons, CNN explores the state of Black men in America. The network dispels the myths and examines the disparities between blacks and whites in education, career, economic achievement and the devastating rates of Black male incarceration.
Black in America: Today’s Pioneers
First aired July 22, 2009 at 8pm & 11pm ET/PT. Total running time: 2 hours.
For the second evening of CNN’s Black in America 2, anchor and special correspondent 
Soledad O’Brien reports on how community organizers across the country are creating progress and improvements at a local level. From a Chicago barbershop where African-American men are encouraged to seek routine medical check-ups; to Tyler Perry, an actor, director and playwright, whose life’s journey has led him from homelessness to becoming a filmmaker and television producer who is creating opportunities for others; to the Black Marriage Day project which works with couples in 300 cities to help develop strong, healthy families; these are the programs and progress of people working in ways large and small to make a difference.
Black in America: Tomorrow’s Leaders
First aired July 23, 2009 at 8pm & 11pm ET/PT. Total running time: 2 hours.
For the debut evening of CNN’s Black in America 2, anchor and special correspondent Soledad O’Brien focuses on solutions aimed at developing African-American leaders of tomorrow. John Rice’s Management Leadership for Tomorrow program has been instrumental in establishing black professionals in positions of power and influence in America’s largest companies. O’Brien also reports on programs aimed at creating opportunities for the next generation of youth leadership. Malaak Compton-Rock’s Journey for Change offers teenagers from inner-city schools the opportunity to see the world and develop self-confidence; and Steve Perry, Ed.D.’s, Capital Preparatory Magnet School creates opportunities for leadership and academic excellence by preparing young, black students for college with “tough love.” 
Almighty Debt: A CNN Black in America Special
First aired October 21, 2010. Total running time: 2 hours.
Every leading indicator - unemployment, income, wealth, educational attainment, home ownership and foreclosures - demonstrates that the African-American financial foundation is crumbling at rates that are comparatively worse than other segments of the U.S. population. Reported by anchor and special correspondent Soledad O’Brien, and told through experiences of members of the First Baptist Church of Lincoln Gardens (FBCLG) in New Jersey, the first 90-minutes of this special explores how an institution central to African-American communities for generations is helping its 7,000 parishioners survive the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. The church's community development corporation struggles to help desperate homeowners save their homes from foreclosure and the unemployed find work. The youth ministry assists students with financial aid applications. Following the documentary, a town hall discussion moderated by O’Brien features founder and senior pastor Bishop T.D. Jakes, clinical social worker and public relations executive Terrie Williams, syndicated columnist Michelle Singletary, FBCLG senior pastor Rev. Dr. DeForest Soaries, pollster Cornell Belcher and others.
Black in America: The New Promised Land – Silicon Valley 
First aired November 13, 2011.
While much of the country struggles to emerge from a recession, California’s Silicon Valley is booming, and technology companies like Facebook, Skype, and Apple are seeing their valuations soar. CNN anchor and special correspondent Soledad O’Brien reports that the ownership of this digital bloom is mostly young, white, and male. For her fourth Black in America documentary, O’Brien asks why, according to industry analyst CB Insights, less than one percent of all venture capital money went to digital startups with African-American founders in 2010 – and she profiles a unique, technology-focused “accelerator” developed to help African-American digital entrepreneurs secure funding to establish their businesses.
Who is Black in America?
First aired December 9, 2012.
The fifth installment in the series focuses on colorism and racial identity. In today’s United States, is being black determined by the color of your skin, by your family, by what society says or something else? The documentary follows the story of 2 young Philadelphia poets as they explore their racial identity. The program examines how color affects identity. Scholar Yaba Blay analyzes the nuances of racial identity and the influences of skin color.
Controversy & Criticism.
Syndicated columnist Kam Williams harshly criticized the series in a widely circulated DVD review, saying that it was full of "infuriating mistakes". One part of his review read: "My biggest overall problem had to do with the program’s periodic factual inaccuracies, such as when O'Brien refers to the riot which erupted in L.A. after the Rodney King decision as the most deadly U.S. riot in 100 years. She conveniently ignores other more bloody incidents like the Tulsa Race Riot of 1921 when over 300 blacks were slaughtered by white militiamen. What’s up with that?" 
Other columnists, such as Askia Muhammad from the Final Call, also criticized the series calling it "a faulty portrait". One part of his column read: "CNN was able with this report to make what many Black men had rejected as the “American Nightmare,” appear now to be the “New American Dream."
On the contrary, Washington Post columnist Tom Shales, called it an "expressive portrait". He said that CNN turned ordinary stories into an "extraordinary series." His column reads: "series looms as a tremendous accomplishment for O'Brien and for the many producers, editors and crew members who poured themselves into it. And if no good comes of it, it won't be their fault."
Author PJ Coble, labeled the original work "a poor attempt to conceptualize in a two-day documentary a history of a people and a race".
Raymond Leon Roker, a columnist for The Huffington Post, applauded CNN for taking the chance with such a controversial program. "This is never easy, as you're bound to misfire on all sides in some ways," he says. "To its credit, the series did give airtime to topics rarely discussed outside the barber/beauty shops, campuses and black kitchen tables of America."
Ratings.
The two-part documentary on Black men, women, and families that aired on July 23–24, 2008 became one of CNN's most watched programs, drawing an average of 2.6 million viewers and outperforming the network's year-to-date averages for 9-11 p.m. by double and triple digits. The series was promoted through an extensive advertising campaign that included television, radio, print, and online promotions. A repeat airing drew 683,000 viewers (294,000 in the 35-64 demo) on 2/25/09.

</doc>
<doc id="18504831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504831" title="KXMZ">
KXMZ

KXMZ (102.7 FM) is a radio station serving the city of Rapid City, South Dakota owned by the broadcasting company Connoisseur Media. Licensed to Box Elder, South Dakota, the station broadcasts a Hot Adult Contemporary music format under the name "Hits 102.7".
The station became the subject of prominence in June 2013, when the owners of the internet radio service Pandora Radio announced that it would purchase the station to serve as a loophole in its disputes with music publishing societies over royalty payments.
Attempted purchase by Pandora.
The internet radio service Pandora Radio had historically been in conflicts with ASCAP and BMI over increasing royalty rates for internet radio licenses relating to the service. Pandora had filed a lawsuit against ASCAP in November 2012, alleging that the collection society was charging Pandora higher royalty rates for internet radio than those negotiated by the Radio Music License Committee (a group of broadcasters which includes Clear Channel Communications, owners of the competing service iHeartRadio, along with Cumulus Media and CBS Radio), thus giving terrestrial radio broadcasters preferential treatment. Pandora also believed that it should also be charged lower rates directly from ASCAP because it had reached separate licensing deals with Sony/ATV Music Publishing and EMI Music Publishing. 
On June 11, 2013, Pandora Media, the parent company of Pandora Radio, announced via a letter posted on the website of "The Hill" newspaper by Pandora's assistant general counsel, Christopher Harrison, that it would acquire KXMZ for an undisclosed amount. The purchase of the station serves as both a strategic move and a publicity stunt; Pandora believed that acquiring a terrestrial radio station would allow the service to receive the same internet radio license that the Radio Music License Committee had negotiated, while drawing attention to the fact that broadcast radio stations do not need to pay such royalties. At the same time, Pandora also announced that it was filing a motion in a federal district court claiming that ASCAP was violating an antitrust consent decree issued by the Department of Justice. Alongside the preferential treatment of terrestrial radio companies, Pandora accused ASCAP of violating the decree by allowing its members to individually pull their content from its blanket license, but refusing to indicate which songs would be affected when re-negotiating with a company who did so, leaving Pandora liable for copyright infringement. 
Pandora also stated that the acquisition would be used as a way to apply its music personalization insight (such as the Music Genome Project) to terrestrial radio; under its ownership, KXMZ will broadcast music tailored to reflect local listening habits as gauged by the Pandora service, which the company claimed is used by over 42,000 users in the Rapid City market.
The move was criticized by David Israelite, CEO of the National Music Publishers Association, who declared that Pandora was now "at war with songwriters," and had lost its credibility because it was resorting to "lawsuits and gimmicks" to make its point. However, a member of Public Knowledge praised the move, by stating that it was "a perfect example of the twisted incentives and strange results we get from a music licensing system that is based on who wants a license instead of just what they want to do with the music they’re using."
The purchase application was filed to the FCC on June 20, 2013. The application includes a copy of the sale agreement indicating that Pandora will pay US$600,000 for the station, as well as a local marketing agreement showing that Pandora began operating the station on June 10. However, ASCAP filed a petition to deny the acquisition, arguing that the acquisition would not serve KXMZ's public service obligations because of Pandora's intent for the station as a "bargaining chip" for royalty payments, and also alleged that Pandora did not provide enough information about its ownership structure to prove that less than 25% of the company was owned by foreign interests. On January 14, 2014, the FCC denied the acquisition until Pandora "demonstrate adequate support for its foreign ownership compliance certification."
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18504841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504841" title="Allens Mill, Virginia">
Allens Mill, Virginia

Allens Mill is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18504847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504847" title="Blake Village, Virginia">
Blake Village, Virginia

Blake Village is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18504853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504853" title="Briery, Virginia">
Briery, Virginia

Briery is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.
The Briery Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="18504856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504856" title="Bruceville, Virginia">
Bruceville, Virginia

Bruceville is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18504859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504859" title="Burkes Tavern, Virginia">
Burkes Tavern, Virginia

Burkes Tavern is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18504865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504865" title="Darlington Heights, Virginia">
Darlington Heights, Virginia

Darlington Heights is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18504871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504871" title="Elam, Virginia">
Elam, Virginia

Elam is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18504876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504876" title="Yetman (surname)">
Yetman (surname)

Yetman is a Canadian surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18504878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504878" title="Gábor Balogh">
Gábor Balogh

Gábor Balogh (born in Budapest, Hungary) is a former Hungarian modern pentathlete who won silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
He was elected Hungarian Sportsman of the Year in 1999 and 2001 for winning gold medals at the World and European Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18504881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504881" title="Rosa 'Double Delight'">
Rosa 'Double Delight'

'Double Delight' (syn. 'ANDeli') is a hybrid tea rose cultivar bred by Swim & Ellis and introduced in 1977. The plant grows about 90 to 150 cm high, blooms repeatedly and has strongly fragrant white flowers with dark red edges. The flowers have up to 30 petals. 
It was included into the "Rose Hall of Fame" in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18504882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504882" title="Five Forks, Prince Edward County, Virginia">
Five Forks, Prince Edward County, Virginia

Five Forks is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18504883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504883" title="Chaminda Ruwan">
Chaminda Ruwan

Chaminda Ruwan Kumarage, usually known as Chaminda Ruwan (born 29 July 1979) is a Sri Lankan born cricketer, who is currently the captain of the Singapore national cricket team. A right-handed batsman and right-arm fast-medium bowler, he has played for Singapore since 2005 having previously played first-class and List A cricket in his native Sri Lanka for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club.
Biography.
Sri Lankan career.
Born in Kalutara in 1979, Chaminda made his first-class debut for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club in January 1999, playing against Burgher Recreation Club and Sinhalese Sports Club. He played just one first-class match in 2000, against Police Sports Club, and made his List A debut that year, playing seven matches between October and November.
His final year in Sri Lankan cricket was in 2001, during which he played seven first-class matches and one List A match before moving to Singapore.
Singapore career.
His debut for Singapore came in the Stan Nagaiah Trophy series against Malaysia in May 2005. He also played ACC Fast Track Countries Tournament matches against Malaysia and Hong Kong that year.
In 2006, he again played in the Stan Nagaiah Trophy series, followed by the ACC Trophy in Kuala Lumpur. He then played ACC Premier League matches against Hong Kong and Nepal and the Saudara Cup match against Malaysia. He played only three times in 2007, the Saudara Cup match and matches against Hong Kong and the UAE in the ACC Twenty20 Cup.
He captained Singapore for the first time in the 2008 Stan Nagaiah Trophy series and most recently played for Singapore in Division Five of the World Cricket League in Jersey. He will again captain Singapore in the ACC Trophy Elite tournament in July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18504887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504887" title="Green Bay, Prince Edward County, Virginia">
Green Bay, Prince Edward County, Virginia

Green Bay is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States located on US Highway 360 between Burkeville Virginia and Keysville Virginia. Peach growing in the area was very successful during the 1930s and 40s, but finally succumbed to the advancement of larger growers and the change in technique and labor availabilities. Rail access was a mainline by Norfolk and Western Railway and also the Southern Railway which have merged to form Norfolk Southern.

</doc>
<doc id="18504890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504890" title="Kingsville, Virginia">
Kingsville, Virginia

Kingsville is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States. It sits on the intersection of VA 133 and US 15

</doc>
<doc id="18504892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504892" title="Sidhi (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Sidhi (Lok Sabha constituency)

Sidhi Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency is reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled Tribes. This constituency covers the entire Sidhi and Siangrauli districts and part of Shahdol district.
Assembly segments.
Presently, after the delimitation of legislative assembly constituencies, Sidhi Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
Vindhya Pradesh state: (as Shahdol Sidhi)
Madhya Pradesh state:
References.
Election Commission of India -http://www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp

</doc>
<doc id="18504900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504900" title="Moran, Virginia">
Moran, Virginia

Moran is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States. Moran is in a fairly remote section of the Virginia countryside and was one time a bustling area called "Beck" with a rural post office. At that time the village was very active with the main industries being tobacco and pulpwood that was cut and shipped on the railroad. The Norfolk and Western gave up the spur line because of economic conditions and even removed the tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18504904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504904" title="Prospect, Virginia">
Prospect, Virginia

Prospect is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18504911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504911" title="Scholfield, Virginia">
Scholfield, Virginia

Scholfield is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18504915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504915" title="Shields, Prince Edward County, Virginia">
Shields, Prince Edward County, Virginia

Shields is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18504917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504917" title="Junior Leaders">
Junior Leaders

Junior Leaders was the name given to training Regiments of the British Army that took entrants from the age of 15 who moved on to adult service at the age of 17 and a half. Their aim was to produce and train the future warrant officers and sergeants for their Corps.
History.
Junior Leaders' Regiments began in the mid-1950s, growing from the earlier system of 'Boy Service, and were maintained into the 1990s. There were various Junior Leader (JL) Regiments for entrants to the various Regiments and Corps of the Army. These included:
Training.
Training in the JL Regiments:
Education. To provide each JL with the opportunity to study for and pass the then Army Certificate of First Class Education, thus qualifying him to eventually achieve Warrant Officer and Commissioned Officer rank. JLs could also study for GCE O levels.
Military and Trade Training. Providing each JL his basic military training, teaching him the skills of Drill, Weapons handling, shooting and Physical Training. Parade Ground Drill. Junior Leaders were taught parade ground Drill to an exceptionally high standard:
Weapons. Junior Leaders were taught to shoot and drill with the issue rifle, initially the Lee Enfield and later the L1A1 SLR. 
Trade Training. Junior Leaders were also introduced to the main operating trades in their chosen Corps.
Leadership, Adventure Training and Sports A special emphasis was given to leadership, so important for future SNCOs. Most outdoor training was carried out on the rugged terrain of Dartmoor. Exercises included, canoeing, sailing, rock climbing, map reading, cooking in the field and survival in arduous conditions. Many JLs attended tough military and civilian Outward Bound courses in the UK and abroad. A wide variety of sporting activities were available and competitions with many other military and civilian youth organisations in the UK and abroad were encouraged. JLs could even take a parachute course. Leisure time could also include dinghy sailing.
Junior Soldiers Today.
Today, the Army recruits junior soldiers to Army Foundation College, where they are offered basic and specialist training, but they are not deployed on service until reaching legal age. This is markedly different from the old "Boy Soldiers" of the 19th Century, who might go into the field with the adult soldiers in a variety of non-combat roles, such as buglers, but not dissimilar from the old Army apprenticeship schemes. Today's junior soldiers are titled depending on the Corps to which they belong; Junior Infantryman, for example. The Army Foundation College is meant to train the junior soldiers in the skills required for their roles as private soldiers in their respective corps, but not specifically to prepare them for the roles of senior NCOs or Warrant Officers. There is, however, some training in leadership skills. 
Junior Leaders should not be confused with the Army Cadet Force, Combined Cadet Force, the University Officers' Training Corps, or with the current Junior Leadership Cadre, used for training Gurkha soldiers to become Lance Corporals.
The Bermuda Regiment, the territorial home-defence battalion of the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda, operated its own Junior Leaders programme until the 1990s, when it was absorbed into the separate Bermuda Cadet Corps. The Junior Leaders had been part of the Bermuda Regiment, wearing the same cap badge, and operating from the same base, Warwick Camp, whereas the Cadet Corp was a separate organisation, operating through the school system. In 2012, due to financial constraints, the Bermuda Cadet Corps was disbanded, and the Bermuda Regiment Junior Leaders resurrected. Many of the Bermuda Regiment's officers, warrant officers, and NCOs began their service in the Junior Leaders, including Lieutenant-Colonel Brian Gonsalves, who retired as Commanding Officer in 2013.
Air Training Corps.
Today, the Air Training Corps (a youth training organisation which is associated with the Royal Air Force) operates a leadership course for cadets run in three phases, that are split into eight separate training weekends and a 10 day test phase. Cadets over the age of 17, and of at least the rank of Cadet Corporal, can complete the course. The course requires over a hundred hours of planning and a high degree of physical fitness.

</doc>
<doc id="18504922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504922" title="Tuggle, Virginia">
Tuggle, Virginia

Tuggle is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18504925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504925" title="William &amp; Vashti College">
William &amp; Vashti College

William & Vashti College was a college in Aledo, Illinois from 1908 to 1917. 
The school was founded by William Drury, a long time resident of Mercer County, and was named by him in his will as William and Vashti college to commemorate the memory of himself and his wife, Vashti Drury. By the will of Mr. Drury the school was to be located in that city or town of Mercer County which would offer the largest bonus for its location. The city of Aledo, having offered more than any other locality in the county, secured the school. The purpose of Mr. Drury was to found a non-denominational school where the student could not only secure a complete classical or scientific education, but where he could also secure such practical instruction as would fit him for some particular employment. A campus of about 16 acres was acquired and the main college building, a boys' dormitory, a gymnasium, a heating plant and residence for the president were erected. 
The campus and buildings were purchased and used by the Roosevelt Military Academy from 1924 to 1973. The Administration Building was torn down and the spot was used for a nursing home. The remaining two RMA buildings, Niles Hall and North Hall, are unused.
William & Vashti was a member of Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="18504928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504928" title="Virso, Virginia">
Virso, Virginia

Virso is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18504960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504960" title="Redd Shop, Virginia">
Redd Shop, Virginia

Redd Shop is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States.
Falkland was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18504989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504989" title="Worsham, Virginia">
Worsham, Virginia

Worsham is an unincorporated community in Prince Edward County, Virginia, United States. It served as the county seat of Prince Edward County from 1754 to 1872, and as a result a number of historic public buildings may still be found there. Among these are the old debtors' prison and the old county clerk's office, both of which are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Worsham is also the site of the old Worsham elementary school, used by the Prince Edward county school system.
Abraham B. Venable was a native of the Worsham area.

</doc>
<doc id="18504997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18504997" title="List of awards and nominations received by Twin Peaks">
List of awards and nominations received by Twin Peaks

"Twin Peaks" is an American television serial drama, created by David Lynch and Mark Frost, that aired on the ABC network from April 8, 1990 to June 10, 1991. Ther series centers on the investigation into the murder of schoolgirl Laura Palmer in the small rural town in Washington state after which the series is named. 
Since the broadcast of the pilot episode, "Twin Peaks" earned widespread critical acclaim. The first season earned thirteen Emmy Award nominations—of which it won two awards—a Directors Guild of America Award nomination, and won a Casting Society of America Award, two Golden Globe Awards and two Grammy Awards. 
Lead actor Kyle MacLachlan was twice nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Television Series Drama. Piper Laurie, who was nominated for two Emmy Awards—Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series in 1990 and Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 1991—, won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Series, Miniseries or Television Film in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18505013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505013" title="Mark Cubbon">
Mark Cubbon

Lieutenant-General Sir Mark Cubbon KCB (23 August 1775 – 23 April 1861) was a British army officer with the East India Company who became the British Commissioner of Mysore state in 1834. He retained this office until 1860. He moved the capital from Mysore to Bangalore, helped reform the finances of Mysore, and created a peaceful and prosperous government. Cubbon Road and Cubbon Park in Bangalore are named for him.
Early career.
Cubbon was born at the vicarage of Maughold, Isle of Man, the son of Vicar Thomas Cubbon and Margaret Wilks. He arrived in Calcutta in the summer of 1801, as a cadet. He soon gained an appointment to the 2nd Madras Battalion, and in July 1804 to the 2nd Battalion 5th Native Infantry, serving with the Field forces commanded by Col. Chalmers in Travancore. Cubbon had great admiration for the Sepoys and respected their religious views. By 1809 he had secured a civilian appointment in the East India Company's administration.
Commissioner of Mysore.
In 1827 Cubbon succeeded Sir William Morrison as Commissary-General, and in 1831 served as Commissioner to inquire into the Mysore rebellion. He was appointed Colonel in the same year. In 1834 the Governor-General of India, William Bentinck, in pursuit of fiscal efficiency, appointed Cubbon as Commissioner of Mysore state. Cubbon restructured the government of Mysore, helped reform its finances, and created a peaceful and prosperous state. Cubbon is credited with the construction of over one thousand miles of roads, hundreds of dams, coffee production and improvements in the tax and revenue systems.
In 1859, when orders were issued to transfer the superintendence of Mysore affairs from the Governor-General to the government of Madras, Cubbon submitted his resignation, as he held it to be impolitic and contrary to the declaration made by the Honourable Court of Directors in 1838. The order was withdrawn by the Viceroy, Lord Canning. At the beginning of the next year, however, Cubbon felt compelled to resign owing to ill-health.
Lady Canning left a memoir of Cubbon from his summer home in Nandidroog:
Death and legacy.
Cubbon died at Suez 23 April 1861 while returning to England in the company of his physician, Dr. Campbell. Cubbon Road, Cubbonpet and Cubbon Park in Bangalore are named for him. A medallion portrait of Cubbon is found on the ceiling at the west end of the Central Hall in the Karnataka High Court building, while an equestrian statue by Baron Carlo (Charles) Marochetti stands in Cubbon Park before the Karnataka High Court (Attara Katcheri) and the Terrace Garden. The grammar school of Ramsey and the Cubbon Almshouses are of his foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="18505019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505019" title="I Feel Better (Frightened Rabbit song)">
I Feel Better (Frightened Rabbit song)

"I Feel Better" is a song by Scottish indie rock band Frightened Rabbit. It is the third single release from "The Midnight Organ Fight". A September tour coincided with the release.
The single's b-side is another track from "The Midnight Organ Fight", "The Twist".
According to vocalist/guitarist Scott Hutchison, the song: "is kind of a sequel to "Snake" from the first record. The melody in the chorus is the same too, and after "Snake" documents me traveling to New York to see my girlfriend, "I Feel Better" deals with returning home without her, single and a bit confused. In spite of this, I think it’s a feel good number!"

</doc>
<doc id="18505065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505065" title="2011 Rugby World Cup – Europe qualification">
2011 Rugby World Cup – Europe qualification

In the European Regional Rugby World Cup Qualifying, two teams, Georgia and Russia, qualified directly to the world cup and Romania, the third place team, entered a playoff against the second place African team, Tunisia.
The Qualification process primarily based around the 2008–2010 European Nations Cup. The top two teams in the 2008-2010 European Nations Cup First Division qualified directly to New Zealand. 
The third placed team entered a playoff series against the champions of Division 2A, and the leaders of the remaining divisions (excluding 3D) as of the end of the 2008–2009 season. The winner of this playoff, Romania, entered a playoff to decide the 20th place at Rugby World Cup 2011.
Round 1: European Nations Cup 2008–2010.
Division 1.
Georgia, the winner of Division 1 qualified for Pool B of Rugby World Cup 2011 as Europe 1, and Russia the runner-up, for Pool C as Europe 2. Romania, the third placed team, entered at Round 5 of Round 2's Playoff Series. Numbers in parentheses indicate world ranking at the start of the tournament.
1 The match between Poland and Moldova was originally scheduled for April 10, 2010, but was postponed after the death of Poland's president, Lech Kaczyński, earlier that day. The match was moved to January 1, 2011.
Division 2B.
The leader of the division at the end of the 2008–2009 season, Netherlands, qualified for Round 3 of Round 2's Playoff.
Division 3A.
The leader of the division at the end of the 2008–2009 season, Lithuania, qualified for Round 2 of Round 2's Playoff.
Armenia were ranked ahead of Serbia and Andorra were ranked ahead of Switzerland based on head-to-head results. 
All four remaining matches were scratched as Lithuania had already won the group.
Division 3B.
The leader of the division at the end of the 2008–2009 season, Slovenia, qualified for Round 1 of Round 2's Playoff.
Division 3C.
The leader of the division at the end of the 2008–2009 season, Israel, qualified for Round 1 of Round 2's Playoff.

</doc>
<doc id="18505079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505079" title="Pedro Luis de Borja">
Pedro Luis de Borja

Pedro Luis de Borja (1432 – September 26, 1458) was younger brother of Rodrigo Borgia and nephew of Cardinal Alonso de Borja, who in 1455 became Pope Callixtus III. He was called Don Pedro Luis.
Although he was not a priest but a layman, soon after the elevation of his uncle to the papacy he was loaded with several offices and honours. In the spring of 1456 he was named Captain-General of the Church and castellan of Sant'Angelo, in the autumn of the same year Pope made him Governor of Terni, Narni, Todi, Rieti, Orvieto, Spoleto, Foligno, Nocera, Assisi, Amelia, Civita Castellana, and Nepi, and at the beginning of 1457 the governorships of the provinces of Patrimony and Tuscany were added to these. In the same time his older brother Rodrigo Borgia was created Cardinal Deacon, Commander-in-Chief of the papal troops and Vice-Chancellor of the Holy Roman Church, while another relative Luis Juan del Mila y Borja was also elevated to the cardinalate. Such rapid promotions of young relatives of the Spanish Pope Callixtus III were criticised by many older cardinals (e.g. Domenico Capranica) and met also with opposition of rather xenophobic Roman populace. Particularly Orsini family opposed Borgias. Their enmity towards them increased when Don Pedro Luis was sent to recover for the Church some fortresses kept by Orsinis, and on August 19, 1457 was appointed Prefect of Rome in succession to Antonio Orsini. To counterbalnce Orsinis, Callixtus III aligned himself with Colonna family, opponents of Orsinis, but the plan of the marriage of Don Pedro Luis with Colonna had never been realized.
It was said that Pope Callixtus III wanted to make him Emperor of Constantinople after its recovering from the Turks.
Don Pedro Luis was hated by Romans, as almost all relatives and allies of Callixtus III, called "Catalans" due to their Spanish origin. On August 6, 1458, the same day that his uncle Pope died, he had to fly away from Rome because an open revolt against "Catalans" had broken up. He died "en route" at Civitavecchia, left by almost all of his companions, being only 26 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="18505093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505093" title="Sandstein-Wienerwald natural park">
Sandstein-Wienerwald natural park

The Sandstein-Wienerwald natural park ("Naturpark Sandsteinwienerwald") is a natural park near Purkersdorf in the Vienna Woods ("Wienerwald"), Austria. Although a protected area under Austrian law, it is freely accessible.
The park's 77 hectare area is mostly covered by oak forest. (The German version of this web page says Beech forest.) Its highest point is the "Rudolfshöhe" (475 m), on whose top a lookout tower has been constructed. Another hill, the "Schöffelstein" (431 m) features a memorial to Josef Schöffel, who is remembered as the "saviour of the Vienna Woods" on account of his 1872 campaign to protect the woods from logging.
Visitors' amentities in the park include a nature trail and a visitors' centre featuring expositions on topics of local interest. The park also includes an enclosure in which with deer and boars are kept; as well as a petting zoo.

</doc>
<doc id="18505114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505114" title="Florence Wycherley">
Florence Wycherley

Florence Wycherley (20 February 1908 – 23 April 1969) was an Irish politician. A farmer by trade, he first stood for election to Dáil Éireann as a Clann na Talmhan candidate at the 1954 general election for Cork West but was not elected. He was elected to the Dáil as an independent Teachta Dála (TD) for Cork West at the 1957 general election. He lost his seat at the 1961 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18505116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505116" title="Mess tin">
Mess tin

A mess tin is an item of mess kit, designed to be used over portable cooking apparatus. A mess tin can be thought of as a portable version of a saucepan, intended primarily for boiling but also useful for frying. Mess tins were originally a military design, but are also popular among civilian campers.
Design.
Mess tins are generally rectangular with rounded off edges - the rounded edges are easier to clean inside than a sharp corner. Most mess tins are supplied as a set, with one slightly larger than the other, allowing them to nestle together for easy packing. This arrangement is also useful when using the tins for boiling, as the smaller tin can be used to hold the liquid, with the larger tin placed on top to act as a lid. In order to save weight, some designs stick with a single mess tin with a lid, with the lid often having a secondary role as a frying pan.

</doc>
<doc id="18505131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505131" title="2003 San Francisco 49ers season">
2003 San Francisco 49ers season

The 49ers entered their 2003 season attempting to improve upon their 10–6 output from the previous year. This was the first season under head coach Dennis Erickson, whose hiring was highly controversial due to the way the coaching change was handled. The 49ers finished the season 7–9, dropping several close games.
Regular season.
Week 1: vs. Chicago Bears.
Sunday, September 7, 2003 at "San Francisco Stadium at Candlestick Point, San Francisco, California"
The 49ers started the season off strongly, defeating the Bears 49–7. The game was close in the second quarter, with the 49ers leading 10–7, however, the Bears' defense gave way to the 49ers' offense who scored 39 unanswered points. The Bears were also plagued with turnovers; the team lost two fumbles and quarterback Kordell Stewart tossed three interceptions. The 49ers' offensive line performed exceptionally well, as quarterback Jeff Garcia of the 49ers was not sacked during the course of the game.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Jeff Chandler 22-yard field goal
SF- Garrison Hearst 12-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Jeff Chandler kick)
2nd Quarter
CHI- Desmond Clark 3-yard pass from Kordell Stewart (Paul Edinger kick)
SF- Jeff Garcia 3-yard rush (Jeff Chandler kick)
SF- Tai Streets 16-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (kick failed)
SF- Ahmed Plummer 68-yard interception return (Jeff Chandler kick)
SF- Jeff Chandler 29-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
SF- Jeff Chandler 28-yard field goal
SF- Jeff Chandler 24-yard field goal
4th Quarter
SF- Jeff Chandler 26-yard field goal
SF- Garrison Hearst 1-yard rush (Jeff Chandler kick)
Week 2: at St. Louis Rams.
Sunday, September 14, 2003 at "Edward Jones Dome", St. Louis, Missouri
Coming off of a blowout, the 49ers played a tight match against the division rivals St. Louis Rams. It was a back-and-forth game, with the lead changing hands four times. The 49ers scored a game-tying touchdown late in the fourth quarter with a pass to Terrell Owens. In overtime, the Rams' Jeff Wilkins kicked a field goal to win the game, the team overcoming their four turnovers. The loss meant the 49ers started the season 1–1.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Tai Streets 16-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Jeff Chandler kick)
STL- Torry Holt 11-yard pass from Marc Bulger (Jeff Wilkins kick)
2nd Quarter
SF- Jeff Chandler 35-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
STL- Marshall Faulk 2-yard rush (Jeff Wilkins kick)
SF- Kevan Barlow 19-yard rush (Jeff Chandler kick)
STL- Dane Looker 19-yard pass from Marc Bulger (Jeff Wilkins kick)
STL- Jeff Wilkins 29-yard field goal
SF- Terrell Owens 13-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Jeff Chandler kick)
Overtime
STL- Jeff Wilkins 28-yard field goal
Week 3: vs. Cleveland Browns.
Sunday, September 21, 2003 at "San Francisco Stadium at Candlestick Point, San Francisco, California"
In a low-scoring contest, the 49ers lost in a squeaker. After a scoreless first quarter, the 49ers struck first, however, they could not get into the endzone, scoring only four field goals. However, it appeared it would be sufficient; the 49ers led 12–0 in the final quarter. This would not be the case, though, as Browns' quarterback Kelly Holcomb went on to throw two touchdown passes. Losing dropped the 49ers to 1–2.
Scoring Summary
2nd Quarter
SF- Owen Pochman 38-yard field goal
SF- Owen Pochman 44-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
SF- Owen Pochman 46-yard field goal
4th Quarter
SF- Owen Pochman 36-yard field goal
CLE- Andre Davis 2-yard pass from Kelly Holcomb (Phil Dawson kick)
CLE- Andre Davis 11-yard pass from Kelly Holcomb (pass failed)
Week 4: at Minnesota Vikings.
Sunday, September 28, 2003 at "Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome, Minneapolis, Minnesota"
Playing against the undefeated Vikings, the 49ers were unable to keep pace with their opponent. Scoring only in the final minutes of the fourth quarter, the 49ers were, at one point, behind 35–0. Several times the 49ers came within striking distance, however, three interceptions sealed their fate. The 49ers lost their third consecutive game and fell to 1–3.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
MIN- Randy Moss 15-yard pass from Gus Frerotte (Aaron Elling kick)
MIN- Onterrio Smith 5-yard rush (Aaron Elling kick)
2nd Quarter
MIN- Randy Moss 35-yard pass from Gus Frerotte (Aaron Elling kick)
MIN- Nate Burleson 22-yard pass from Gus Frerotte (Aaron Elling kick)
4th Quarter
MIN- Randy Moss 59-yard pass from Gus Frerotte (Aaron Elling kick)
SF- Tai Streets 37-yard pass from Tim Rattay (Owen Pochman kick)
Week 5: vs. Detroit Lions.
Sunday, October 5, 2003 at "San Francisco Stadium at Candlestick Point, San Francisco, California"
Attempting to snap a three-game losing streak, the 49ers hosted the Detroit Lions, who were led by former head coach Steve Mariucci. A game riddled with errors, the 49ers fumbled three times (recovery each time), Jeff Garcia threw an interception, and Joey Harrington tossed two. The Lions never led, with the 49ers opening up a 17–0 lead in the second quarter. With their first win since the season opener, the 49ers moved up to 2–3.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Terrell Owens 6-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Owen Pochman kick)
SF- Owen Pochman 48-yard field goal
2nd Quarter
SF- Aaron Walker 14-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Owen Pochman kick)
DET- Jason Hanson 28-yard field goal
DET- Mikhael Ricks 6-yard pass from Joey Harrington (Jason Hanson kick)
3rd Quarter
SF- Jeff Garcia 1-yard rush (Owen Pochman kick)
4th Quarter
DET- Olandis Gary 2-yard rush (Jason Hanson kick)
Week 6: at Seattle Seahawks.
Sunday, October 12, 2003 at "Qwest Field, Seattle, Washington"
For the second time in four games, the 49ers lost by a one-point differential. Playing against division rival Seahawks, the 49ers fell behind 17–0 before halftime and had to play catch up in the second half. Slowly closing the gap, the 49ers scored 19 straight points to take the lead 19–17. However, the defense was unable to stop the Seahawks' 2-minute drill as Seattle's team drove into field goal range and scored the game-winning field goal off the foot of kicker Josh Brown and on the final drive of the game, Garrison Hearst fumbled the ball away at their own 43-yard-line to seal the loss. With the loss, the 49ers fell to 2–4.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SEA- Itula Mili 15-yard pass from Matt Hasselbeck (Josh Brown kick)
2nd Quarter
SEA- Josh Brown 27-yard field goal
SEA- Mack Strong 21-yard rush (Josh Brown kick)
SF- Owen Pochman 42-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
SF- Garrison Hearst 6-yard rush (Owen Pochman kick)
SF- Jeff Garcia 2-yard rush (kick failed)
4th Quarter
SF- Owen Pochman 33-yard field goal
SEA- Josh Brown 37-yard field goal
Week 7: vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Sunday, October 19, 2003 at "San Francisco Stadium at Candlestick Point, San Francisco, California"
Hosting the defending Super Bowl champions, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, the 49ers got their third win of the season, knocking off the Buccaneers 24–7. The 49ers led the entire game and statistically dominated on both sides of the ball, both scoring often and forcing turnovers. Both teams were able to score touchdowns on passes of . With the victory, the 49ers moved to 3–4 on the season.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Garrison Hearst 7-yard rush (Owen Pochman kick)
TB- Keenan McCardell 75-yard pass from Brad Johnson (Martin Gramatica kick)
2nd Quarter
SF- Tai Streets 14-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Owen Pochman kick)
SF- Terrell Owens 75-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Owen Pochman kick)
4th Quarter
SF- Owen Pochman 27-yard field goal
Week 8: at Arizona Cardinals.
at "Sun Devil Stadium, Tempe, Arizona"
Sunday, October 26, 2003
In an attempt to win their second-straight game for the first time this season, the 49ers traveled to Arizona to play against their division rival, the Cardinals. The game was close throughout, being tied up in the fourth quarter off a one-yard fumble return for a touchdown. However, it was decided in Arizona's favor in overtime with a field goal. In that game, kicker Owen Pochman missed two field goals and an extra point, and would be replaced by Todd Peterson for the rest of the season. With the loss, the 49ers instead of improving to .500, they dropped to 3–5.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Jeff Garcia 21-yard rush (pass failed)
AZ- Jeff Blake 1-yard rush (Tim Duncan kick)
2nd Quarter
AZ- Tim Duncan 53-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
AZ- Tim Duncan 20-yard field goal
4th Quarter
SF- Kwame Harris 1-yard fumble return (Owen Pochman kick)
Overtime
AZ- Tim Duncan 39-yard field goal
Week 9: vs. St. Louis Rams.
At "San Francisco Stadium at Candlestick Point, San Francisco, California"
Sunday,November 2, 2003
Playing their second straight game against a division rival, the 49ers hosted the St. Louis Rams. The 49ers kick returner Cedrick Wilson returned the opening kick for a touchdown and the 49ers would not relinquish their lead. The 49ers offense became potent, opening up a 30–3 lead in the third quarter. The win brought the 49ers up to 4–5 heading into their bye week.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Cedrick Wilson 95-yard kickoff return (Todd Peterson kick)
STL- Jeff Wilkins 39-yard field goal
SF- Terrell Owens 5-yard pass from Tim Rattay (Todd Peterson kick)
2nd Quarter
SF- Todd Peterson 44-yard field goal
SF- Brandon Lloyd 27-yard pass from Tim Rattay (Todd Peterson kick)
3rd Quarter
SF- Tai Streets 5-yard pass from Tim Rattay (kick failed)
4th Quarter
STL- Torry Holt 41-yard pass from Marc Bulger (Jeff Wilkins kick)
Week 11: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers.
At "San Francisco Stadium at Candlestick Point, San Francisco, California"
Monday, November 17, 2003
Coming off their bye, the 49ers strung together their second straight victory, this time over the Pittsburgh Steelers. The 49ers shut out the Steelers in the first half, leading 10–0 at halftime. The Steelers offense came together in the second half to put some points on the board, statistically leading the 49ers, however it wasn't enough to close the gap. The 49ers' victory brought them to 5–5.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Terrell Owens 61-yard pass from Tim Rattay (Todd Peterson kick)
2nd Quarter
SF- Todd Peterson 32-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
PIT- Jerome Bettis 1-yard rush (Jeff Reed kick)
SF- Kevan Barlow 78-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
SF- Fred Beasley 28-yard pass from Tim Rattay (Todd Peterson kick)
4th Quarter
SF- Todd Peterson 22-yard field goal
SF- Todd Peterson 44-yard field goal
PIT- Antwaan Randle El 32-yard pass from Tommy Maddox (Jeff Reed kick)
Week 12: at Green Bay Packers.
At "Lambeau Field, Green Bay, Wisconsin"
Sunday, November 23, 2003
After completing their first two-game win streak of the season, the 49ers traveled to their conference rival, the Green Bay Packers in Week 12. The Packers dominated on both sides of the ball, leading 17–3 at the half. Despite forcing Brett Favre into throwing three interceptions, the 49ers offense could only manage 192 total yards, a majority coming off the performance of their two star players, Garrison Hearst and Terrell Owens. Losing dropped the 49ers back under .500, at 5–6.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
GB- Javon Walker 66-yard pass from Brett Favre (Ryan Longwell kick)
2nd Quarter
GB- Robert Ferguson 16-yard pass from Brett Favre (Ryan Longwell kick)
SF- Todd Peterson 24-yard field goal
GB- Ryan Longwell 38-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
SF- Terrell Owens 24-yard pass from Tim Rattay (Todd Peterson kick)
4th Quarter
GB- Ryan Longwell 37-yard field goal
Week 13: at Baltimore Ravens.
at "M&T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland"
Sunday, November 30, 2003
The 49ers were dismantled by the Ravens easily, 44–6, with the 49ers limited to only two field goals. The 49ers were plagued with turnovers, quarterback Jeff Garcia throwing four interceptions, one of which was returned for a touchdown by Ray Lewis. With the loss, the 49ers fell to 5–7, including six losses on the road.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
BAL- Jamal Lewis 6-yard rush (Matt Stover kick)
SF- Todd Peterson 48-yard field goal
2nd Quarter
SF- Todd Peterson 40-yard field goal
BAL- Matt Stover 28-yard field goal
BAL- Marcus Robinson 38-yard pass from Anthony Wright (Matt Stover kick)
BAL- Ray Lewis 29-yard interception return (Matt Stover kick)
4th Quarter
BAL- Matt Stover 47-yard field goal
BAL- Terry Jones 6-yard pass from Anthony Wright (Matt Stover kick)
BAL- Matt Stover 41-yard field goal
BAL- Musa Smith 2-yard rush (Matt Stover kick)
Week 14: vs. Arizona Cardinals.
at "San Francisco Stadium at Candlestick Point, San Francisco, California"
Sunday, December 7, 2003
After an embarrassing loss, the 49ers regrouped to beat division rival, the Arizona Cardinals 50–14. The 49ers' offense dominated throughout the game, at one point leading 36–0 and rolling up nearly of total offense. A rare safety was also scored, just after halftime. The defense also performed well, forcing two fumbles. With the win, the 49ers climbed to 6–7 on the season.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Jeff Garcia 3-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
SF- Terrell Owens 1-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Todd Peterson kick)
2nd Quarter
SF- Tai Streets 18-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Todd Peterson kick)
SF- Cedrick Wilson 27-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (kick failed)
SF- Terrell Owens 2-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Todd Peterson kick)
3rd Quarter
SF- Safety
AZ- James Hodgins 3-yard pass from Josh McCown (Neil Rackers kick)
SF- Jeff Garcia 4-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
4th Quarter
SF- Kevan Barlow 46-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
AZ- Anquan Boldin 16-yard pass from Josh McCown (Neil Rackers kick)
Week 15: at Cincinnati Bengals.
at "Paul Brown Stadium, Cincinnati, Ohio"
Sunday, December 14, 2003
A high-scoring shootout, the 49ers were slightly outscored by the Bengals, 41–38. The 49ers topped of total offense, but surprisingly never led in this close game. This can be partially attributed to their four fumbles, three of which were lost to the Bengals. One fumble was returned for a touchdown by Bengals' Kevin Hardy. The loss meant the 49ers fell to 6–8. Of the 49ers' season, this was the 13th time in 14 games in which the home team won (including the last 11 games), the home team outscoring the visitor 422–199 so far this season.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
CIN- Chad Johnson 10-yard pass from Jon Kitna (Shayne Graham kick)
2nd Quarter
CIN- Kevin Hardy 10-yard fumble return (Shayne Graham kick)
SF- Terrell Owens 58-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Todd Peterson kick)
SF- Tai Streets 41-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Todd Peterson kick)
CIN- Peter Warrick 31-yard pass from Jon Kitna (Shayne Graham kick)
SF- Todd Peterson 23-yard field goal
3rd Quarter
CIN- Rudi Johnson 49-yard rush (Shayne Graham kick)
CIN- Shayne Graham 34-yard field goal
4th Quarter
SF- Jeff Garcia 6-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
CIN- Shayne Graham 30-yard field goal
SF- Kevan Barlow 1-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
CIN- Rudi Johnson 3-yard rush (Shayne Graham kick)
SF- Kevan Barlow 3-yard rush (Todd Peterson kick)
Week 16: at Philadelphia Eagles.
at "Lincoln Financial Field, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania"
Sunday, December 21, 2003
Another squeaker, this game marked the sixth time this season the 49ers played a game that was decided three points or less, and the only one of those six in which the 49ers walked away with a victory. The 49ers outgained the Eagles, 414 to 293, and dominated in time of possession, but they failed to put away the Eagles in regulation due largely to three special teams miscues by punter Bill LaFleur: a fumbled hold on a first-quarter field goal attempt, a punt returned 81 yards for a touchdown by Brian Westbrook, and an 8-yard punt that set up an Eagles touchdown. But the 49ers were able to win when kicker Todd Peterson from out during overtime. With the victory, the 49ers moved up to 7–8.
Scoring Summary
1st Quarter
SF- Kevan Barlow 15-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Todd Peterson kick)
2nd Quarter
PHI- Duce Staley 7-yard rush (David Akers kick)
PHI- Duce Staley 1-yard rush (David Akers kick)
SF- Brandon Lloyd 33-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Todd Peterson kick)
3rd Quarter
PHI- Brian Westbrook 81-yard punt return (David Akers kick)
SF- Todd Peterson 33-yard field goal
4th Quarter
SF- Todd Peterson 25-yard field goal
SF- Kevan Barlow 1-yard rush (Brandon Lloyd pass from Jeff Garcia)
PHI- Todd Pinkston 19-yard pass from Donovan McNabb (David Akers kick)
Overtime
SF- Todd Peterson 22-yard field goal
Week 17: vs. Seattle Seahawks.
at "San Francisco Stadium at Candlestick Point, San Francisco, California"
Saturday, December 27, 2003
The last game of the season, the 49ers hosted division rival Seattle Seahawks. The game was tied at the end of the first quarter and again at halftime, but the 49ers were unable to keep in during the second half, losing 24–17. With the loss, the 49ers clinched a losing season, at 7–9, after winning the division the previous year.
Scoring Summary
2nd Quarter
SF- Jed Weaver 18-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Todd Peterson kick)
SF- Cedrick Wilson 14-yard pass from Jeff Garcia (Todd Peterson kick)
SEA- Alex Bannister 31-yard pass from Matt Hasselbeck (Josh Brown kick)
SEA- Shaun Alexander 3-yard rush (Josh Brown kick)
3rd Quarter
SF- Todd Peterson 38-yard field goal
SEA- Koren Robinson 30-yard pass from Matt Hasselbeck (Josh Brown kick)
SEA- Josh Brown 33-yard field goal

</doc>
<doc id="18505136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505136" title="Herodian coinage">
Herodian coinage

Herodian coinage are coins minted and issued by the Herodian Dynasty, Jews of Idumean descent who ruled the province of Judaea between 37 BC–92 AD. The dynasty was founded by Herod the Great who was the son of Antipater, a powerful official under the Hasmonean King Hyrcanus II.
Herod the Great 37–4 BC.
The coinage of Herod the Great continued the Jewish tradition of not depicting a graven image. However, a prutah of Herod was the first coin since the Persian period to depict a living creature - an eagle, which may have been an allusion to the golden eagle that Herod erected over the entrance to the Temple, and which caused such great offence to the Jews.
Other objects depicted on coins of Herod include a winged caduceus and pomegranate ('rimmôn'), one of the seven species mentioned in the Bible as the Land of Israel being blessed with, a plumed helmet and shield, a ship's stern and a palm branch. The largest denomination coin issued by Herod, bears a year, "year 3", and displays a series of unusual designs, such as a helmet with long cheek pieces, surmounted by a star. The second largest denomination features a crested helmet and a shield, as well as the Greek letter Chi within a diadem and a tripod holding a ceremonial bowl. These designs are surrounded by the Greek inscription 'ΉΡΩΔΟΥ ΒΑΣΙΛΕΩΣ' (Of King Herod). 
The Greek letter Chi representing the "crown of "Kehunah" (High Priest)" and the diadem representing the "crown of "Malchus" (Kingness)" (BT: Horayot, Keritot) are taken to mean that Herod claimed both offices for himself.
The most common prutah issued by Herod the Great is similar in design to that of the Hashmonean coinage, an anchor with Greek inscription "ΉΡωΔ ΒΆCΙ" (King Herod), and a caduceus between double cornucopiae, which was meant as a continuation of the Hashmonean coinage as well as a continuation of the Hasmonean dynasty.
Herod Archelaus 4 BC–6 AD.
The most common coins of Herod Archelaus are small prutot depicting a bunch of grapes, also one of the seven species, and a crested helmet with his name (Herod) and title (Ethnarch) in Greek (ΉΡΩΔ ΕΘΝ ), and a ship's prow and wreath with his name and title abbreviated. Grapes were commonly depicted on Jewish coins, serving as s reminder of the fertility of the country. Other coins of Archelaus showed the bow of a ship and a laurel wreath.
A rare double prutah of Herod Archelaus depicts a galley and conjoined double cornucopiae, also inscribed in Greek with his name and title.
Herod Antipas 4 BC–39 AD.
The coinage of Herod Antipas is rather rare, and can be divided into four categories: i) coins dated 'year 24' with the inscription 'ΤΙΒΕΡΙΆC' (Tiberias), where the coins were minted, contained within a wreath on the reverse; ii) coins from the years 33, 34 or 37, which also have the inscription 'ΤΙΒΕΡΙΆC' on the reverse; iii) coins dated 'year 43' with the inscription ΓΆΙΩ ΚΆΙCΆΡΙ ΓΕΡΜΆΝΙΚΩ (Gaius Caesar Germanicus) on the reverse; iv) only one known example of a coin dated 'year 4' with the inscription ΤΕΤ ΡΆ—ΉCΔ, ΉΡ W. 
The coinage of Herod Antipas was minted in four denominations, with the inscription 'ΤΙΒΕΡΙΆC' on the reverse within a wreath. The obverse has the Greek inscription "Herod the Tetrarch" (ΗΡωΔΌΎ ΤΕΤΡΆΡΧΌΎ) with an upright palm branch. A variant type depicted an upright reed. 
Herod Philip II 4 BC–34 AD.
The coins of Herod Philip II are mostly bronze of middle-size. He was the first Jewish ruler to put portraits of himself and the Roman Emperors on his coinage. An early issue has a portrait of the Emperor Augustus, with the Greek inscription 'KAICAPI CEBACTΩ' on the obverse, and 'ΦΙΛΙΠΠΌΎ ΤΕΤΡΆΡΧΌΎ' on the reverse. Later coins depicted Tiberius on the obverse, with the inscription 'TIBEPIOΣ ΣEBAΣ', and 'ΦΙΛΙΠΠΌΎ ΤΕΤΡΆΡΧΌΎ' on the reverse. Both types had the facade of a four-columned temple on the reverse, possibly the Temple in Jerusalem. The coins are dated according to the year of the Emperor's reign.
Herod Agrippa I 37–44 AD.
Agrippa I was the son of Aristobulus and Berenice, and was a grandson of Herod the Great. Agrippa spent much of his boyhood at the Imperial court in Rome. His friend, the Emperor Caligula, granted him the former territories of his uncles Herod Philip II and Herod Antipas. The Emperor Claudius later also added Judaea. The most common prutah issued by Agrippa I shows a royal fringed umbrella-like canopy on the obverse, with the inscription 'ΆΓΡΙΠΆ BACIΛEWC' ('King Agrippa') in Greek, while the reverse shows three ears of barley between two leaves with the year. Another coin of Agrippa was issued in the name of Claudia, the daughter of Nero. These coins show a temple with a seated figure within and the inscription 'DIVA POPPAEA AUG' on the obverse, while the reverse shows a round temple with a figure standing within and the Greek inscription 'DIVA CLAVD NER F'. All the other coins of Herod Agrippa I contain graven images, with portraits of the Emperor or even of Agrippa himself. A very rare issue has a portrait of Agrippa with his son Agrippa II on horseback.
Herod Agrippa II 55–92 AD.
Agrippa II was the last ruler of the Herodian Dynasty. His coins include both Jewish and pagan symbolism. A Jewish type, for example, depicts a palm branch on the obverse with the inscription 'ΚΛΆΎΔΙΌΥ KAICAPOC' (Claudius Caesar) in Greek, and a wreath on the reverse surrounding the inscription 'TIBERIAC' ('Tiberias'), also in Greek. In 66 AD he issued a prutah showing his own bust on the obverse with the Greek inscription 'ΒΆΣΙΛΕΩΣ ΆΓΡΙΠΠΌΎ' (King Agrippa). The coin's reverse depicts an anchor with the letters L and I on either side, giving the tenth year of the king's reign. Agrippa II also minted a 'Judaea Capta' coin. This large bronze coin was minted at Tiberias and shows a portrait of Titus on the obverse with the Greek inscription ' KAICAP CEBAC AVTOKP TITOC', while the reverse depicts the goddess Nike advancing right holding a wreath and palm branch over her shoulder, with a star in upper right field and the inscription 'ETO - KS BA AGRI-PPA'.
Salome.
The obverse depicts Aristobulus with the Greek inscription 'BACIΛEWC APIΣΤΌΒΥΛΟΎ' (King Aristobulus), while the reverse shows Salome and, on one example, the Greek inscription 'BACIΛIC ΣΆΛΩΜΉ' (Queen Salome).

</doc>
<doc id="18505146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505146" title="Lac de Viry-Châtillon">
Lac de Viry-Châtillon

Lac de Viry-Châtillon is a lake located in the municipalities of Viry-Châtillon and Grigny in the Essonne department, France. The lake consists of five basins: étang des Nouées de Seine, étang de la Justice, étang de la Place Verte, étang de la Plaine Basse and étang de l'Arbalète.

</doc>
<doc id="18505189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505189" title="Charleston, Michigan">
Charleston, Michigan

Charleston may refer to the following places in the U.S. state of Michigan:

</doc>
<doc id="18505190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505190" title="Cobe Jones">
Cobe Jones

Coburn Dyas "Cobe" Jones (August 21, 1907 – June 3, 1969) was a Major League Baseball player. Jones played for the Pittsburgh Pirates of the National League for two seasons. In , Jones only played in 1 game and went 1-2. In Jones played in 28 games, batting .254. Jones was born and died in Denver, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="18505191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505191" title="List of awards and nominations received by Six Feet Under">
List of awards and nominations received by Six Feet Under

"Six Feet Under" is an American comedy-drama series that aired on premium cable network HBO from June 3, 2001 to August 21, 2005. It has been nominated for many different awards, including 44 Emmy Awards (with 9 wins), 5 Golden Globe Award nominations, 3 Grammy Awards, 4 Writers Guild of America Awards, 4 Television Critics Association Awards, 4 Screen Actors Guild Awards (including 3 wins), 4 Satellite Awards, 4 PGA Awards, 5 GLAAD Media Awards (with 3 wins), 5 Directors Guild of America Awards and 4 ALMA Award nominations.
For the Golden Globe Awards, the series won for Best Drama Series in 2001, while receiving nominations in 2002 and 2003. Peter Krause was nominated for Best Actor in a Drama Series in 2001 and 2002. Rachel Griffiths won for Best Supporting Actress in a Series, Miniseries, or TV Film in 2001, and received a nomination in 2002 in the Lead Actress category. Frances Conroy won for Best Actress in a Drama Series in 2003. For the Screen Actors Guild Awards, the cast won for Outstanding Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2002 and 2003, while received nominations in 2001, 2004, and 2005. Peter Krause was nominated for Outstanding Male Actor in a Drama Series in 2001 and 2003. Frances Conroy won for Outstanding Female Actor in a Drama Series in 2003.
The series received 11 major Emmy nominations for its first two seasons and received 9 major nominations for the 2003 Primetime Emmy Awards for its third season, including a nomination for Outstanding Drama Series. The series received 2 major nominations at the 2005 Primetime Emmy Awards for its fourth season, for Outstanding Drama Series and Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series for Frances Conroy. The series received 6 major nominations at the 2006 Primetime Emmy Awards for its fifth and final season, including a nomination for Outstanding Drama Series. Alan Ball was nominated for writing and directing for the series finale episode ""Everyone's Waiting"". The show, during its run, was nominated for 168 awards including 46 wins.
Emmy Awards.
At the 2002 Primetime Emmy Awards, the series received 11 major nominations for its two first seasons, including a nomination for Outstanding Drama Series. Series creator Alan Ball won for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for the pilot episode and Patricia Clarkson won for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series. The rest of the ensemble cast, including Michael C. Hall, Peter Krause, Frances Conroy, Rachel Griffiths, Freddy Rodriguez, and Lauren Ambrose all received acting nominations. While guest actors Lili Taylor and Illeana Douglas received nominations in the guest acting category.
The series received 9 major nominations at the 2003 Primetime Emmy Awards for its third season, including a nomination for Outstanding Drama Series. Peter Krause, Frances Conroy, Lauren Ambrose, Rachel Griffiths, James Cromwell, and Kathy Bates all received acting nominations. Alan Poul was nominated for directing for the episode "Nobody Sleeps", while Craig Wright was nominated for writing for the episode "Twilight". The series received 2 major nominations at the 2005 Primetime Emmy Awards for its fourth season, for Outstanding Drama Series and Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series for Frances Conroy. The series received 6 major nominations at the 2006 Primetime Emmy Awards for its fifth and final season, including a nomination for Outstanding Drama Series. Patricia Clarkson won for the second time for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series. While Peter Krause, Frances Conroy, and Joanna Cassidy received acting nominations. Alan Ball was nominated for writing and directing for the series finale episode "Everyone's Waiting".
Writers Guild of America Awards.
The Writers Guild of America Awards are presented annually by the Writers Guild of America. Six Feet Under has been nominated for 4 Writers Guild of America Awards but has won none.

</doc>
<doc id="18505200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505200" title="Hedding College">
Hedding College

Hedding College was a college in Abingdon, Illinois from 1855-1927.
The school was named after Methodist Bishop Elizah Hedding. Merged with Illinois Wesleyan University in 1930. The campus was used by the Roosevelt Military Academy for a while. 
The college closed in 1927 because the Methodist Church thought there were too many other schools in Illinois. Records from the college were transferred to Illinois Wesleyan University. The building was torn down in 1947, and in 1953 Hedding Grade School was built there.
Hedding College was a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference from 1910-1926.

</doc>
<doc id="18505228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505228" title="School of Fine Arts">
School of Fine Arts

The School of Fine Arts or College of Fine Arts is the official name or part of the name of several schools of fine arts, often as an academic part of a larger university. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="18505243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505243" title="Feathering (horse)">
Feathering (horse)

Feathering or feather is the long hair on the lower legs and fetlocks of some breeds of horse and pony. On some horses, especially draft breeds, the hair can almost cover the hooves. While nearly all horses will grow longer hair on the lower legs and back of the fetlocks at times, particularly in the winter, "Feather" refers to the particularly long, luxuriant growth that is characteristic of certain breeds.

</doc>
<doc id="18505245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505245" title="Julie Mehta">
Julie Mehta

Julie B. Mehta teaches at University College, University of Toronto. Her course, "Asian Cultures in Canada," is endowed by Chancellor Emerita Senator Vivienne Poy. Mehta is an author and journalist specializing in Southeast Asia.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Dr. Mehta holds a Master's degree and Ph.D. in English Literature and South Asian Studies and is a gold medallist from Jadavpur University Calcutta. At the Centre for South Asian Studies at the University of Toronto, her Ph.D. dissertation is entitled "Retrieving Precolonial Identity through the Images of the Divine Feminine in Waterscapes of Postcolonial Fiction."
Academic career.
Jan- Dec 2011 Lecturer, “Voices in Canadian Writing” (UNI 218S, Canadian Studies, University of Toronto).
2006-Dec 2011 Lecturer, “Asian Cultures and Literatures in Canada.” (UNI307Y), Canadian Studies, University of Toronto).
Jan-Apr 2011 Lecturer, “Single Indian Writer Premchand” (HIND 3610, Department of Languages, Literatures and Linguistics, York University, Toronto).
Winter 2010 Course Instructor, ENGB05, Critically Thinking about Literature, Department of English, University of Toronto at Scarborough.
Fall 2009 Course Instructor, ENGD57H3 F (final year English Specialist Students), In-depth Study of the works of a Single Canadian Author “Michael Ondaatje: Narrator as the Private I.” Department of English, University of Toronto at Scarborough.
Summer 2009 Course Instructor, Effective Writing, Department of English, University of Toronto.
Course Instructor, Critical Essay Writing Skills, Department of English, University of Toronto.
Journalistic career.
Journalist Grade A1, in the early-1980s in the Australian Public Service, Canberra. Worked for two ministries -- Ministry of Veterans' Affairs (that dealt mainly with Vietnam War Veterans), and the Ministry of Science and Technology.
Editor, "Technocrat", a technology and business magazine of the Sterling Newspaper group, Bombay, in the mid-1980s.
Editor, "Connoisseur's Asia", a Singapore-based literary, arts and culture magazine, in the early 1990s.
Features Editor, "Times Periodicals", Singapore, in the mid-1990s.
Literary reviewer of contemporary literature and interviewer of Booker Prize winners and celebrated authors such as Arundhati Roy, Rohinton Mistry, Ben Okri, David Malouf, Norman Mailer, Mario Vargas Llosa, Christopher J. Koch and many others. Julie was also a feature writer on religion, arts, and cultures of Thailand, Vietnam, Laos, India and Cambodia; and columnist for The Nation, Bangkok, and The Straits Times, Singapore.
Marriage and children.
She is married to journalist and author Harish C. Mehta.
Published works.
Translation for Theatre
Member, Translation Unit, Pleiades Theatre, Toronto: Translated Rabindranath Tagore’s play, The Post Office, from Bengali to English. The play was performed in Toronto in May 7 –June 4, 2011, as the Year of India in Canada celebrations.
Book Chapters:
“Ondaatje’s Impertinent Voices: Tracking Family Ties to Remember History.” In Australasia-Asia: Change, Conflict and Convergence. Ed. Cynthia van den Dreissen. Swan-Longmans, 2010.
“Reconfiguring the Feminine: The Real, Reel, and Riel Life of Neang Seda (Sita) in the Khmer Ramayana.” In The International Ramayana Collection. Ed Gauri Krishnan, National Heritage Board, Singapore, 2010.
“Rabindranath Tagore’s Global Soul: In Flight between Nationalism and Liberalism.” Ed. Kathleen O’Connel and Joseph O’Connel. Vishwabharati University, Kolkata, India, Special Issue, 2009. 
“Being Gaijin and Being Female in the Sakoku Culture of Japan: Cultural Exile in Meira Chand’s The Gossamer Fly.” In Writing Asia: The Literatures in Englishes. Volume 1: From the Inside. Ed. Edwin Thumboo, Ethos Books, Singapore, 2007.
“Cultural Collision in the Waterscapes of Amitav Ghosh’s The Hungry Tide.” In L’eau et les mondes indiens (Water and the Indian Worlds), under the aegis of SARI, Jonzac, France, 2007.
“The Ramayana in Thai and Khmer Culture.” Chapter in Ramayana Revisited. Ed. Mandakranta Bose. New York: Oxford University Press, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18505262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505262" title="Campbell Brown (TV series)">
Campbell Brown (TV series)

Campbell Brown is a CNN primetime newscast anchored by Campbell Brown that focuses on United States politics. The show was originally known as "Campbell Brown: Election Center" followed by "Campbell Brown: No Bias, No Bull". The program aired from 2008 to 2010.
History.
"Campbell Brown: Election Center".
Brown began hosting a program first called "Campbell Brown: Election Center" in March 2008, in the timeslot previously held by "Paula Zahn Now." Starting after the beginning of the 2008 presidential election primary season, the program focused on the 2008 campaign until Election Day.
"Campbell Brown: No Bias, No Bull".
The program adopted the name "Campbell Brown: No Bias, No Bull" shortly before Election Day 2008. This name is based on the slogan the program adopted soon after Brown became the anchor, to differentiate Brown's program from other editorial-style cable news programs (such as "The O'Reilly Factor" and "Countdown with Keith Olbermann") with whom she was competing. The show began with Brown detailing her top story of the night and expressing a "no bull" review, her opinion, and other analysts' opinions as well. A segment at the end of the broadcast called "Dear Mr. President" featured young kids who wrote letters to Barack Obama, and would like him to read them.
"Campbell Brown".
Upon Campbell Brown's return from maternity leave on June 1, 2009, the program was renamed to simply "Campbell Brown". Along with a revamped opening, the show adopted a 4-person panel set-up, something initially launched in May 2009 when Roland Martin filled in for Brown while she delivered her second child. Martin is a liberal news contributor at CNN.
On May 18, 2010, Brown announced that she would be leaving CNN, after the network agreed to release her from her contract. She stated that poor ratings had been the primary reason for her departure.
In June 2010, CNN announced that a new program hosted by former New York governor Eliot Spitzer and conservative columnist Kathleen Parker would be replacing "Campbell Brown" later in the year.
For several months, the 8:00–9:00 pm time slot was filled by "Rick's List", hosted by Rick Sanchez.
Ratings.
CNN's "Campbell Brown" has attracted audiences which put it well behind its competitors in the 8 pm time slot, including Fox News's "O'Reilly Factor", MSNBC's "Countdown with Keith Olbermann", and HLN's "Nancy Grace". It had an average audience of 591,000 in the first quarter of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18505266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505266" title="Flashrom">
Flashrom

Flashrom is a universal flash programming utility used to detect, read, verify, erase, or write BIOS chips in DIP, PLCC, SOIC, TSOP, or BGA packages. It supports parallel, LPC, FWH and SPI flash interfaces. It can be used to flash firmware images such as BIOS or coreboot, or to back up an existing firmware.
It is free software released under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2.
It has pciutils and zlib as dependencies, for some programmers also libftdi.
It is run from user space and usually requires superuser privileges (except when using supported USB devices as programmer).
Backup the current BIOS image into a file:
It supports over 300 flash chip families, 220 chipsets, 401 mainboards, 50 PCI devices, 12 USB devices and various parallel/serial port and USB based devices which can be used as programmers. It supports cross-flashing and hot-flashing.

</doc>
<doc id="18505275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505275" title="Robert Archambeau (poet)">
Robert Archambeau (poet)

Robert Archambeau (born 1968) is a poet and literary critic whose works include the books "Citation Suite", "Home and Variations" and "Laureates and Heretics". and "The Poet Resigns: Poetry in a Difficult World". "The &NOW Awards: The Best Innovative Writing", and "Letters of Blood: English Writings of Göran Printz-Påhlson".
Son of Canadian ceramic artist, Robert Archambeau, Robert Archambeau was born in Providence, Rhode Island and raised in Winnipeg, Manitoba. He teaches English as a Professor at Lake Forest College near Chicago.
His recent work explores the social context of the history of poetics: he has been called "our smartest poetic sociologist" in the scholarly journal "Contemporary Literature".
In 2001, he ran an election on the POETICS list as a protest against the appointment of Billy Collins as Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress. Anselm Hollo was elected to the honorary position of "anti-laureate."
He has received grants and awards from the Academy of American Poets, the Illinois Arts Council, and the Swedish Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="18505278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505278" title="Jean Beausejour">
Jean Beausejour

Jean André Emanuel Beausejour Coliqueo (born 1 June 1984), nicknamed "Palmatoria", is a Chilean footballer who plays for English club Wigan Athletic. He previously played for Universidad Católica, U. de Concepción, Cobreloa and O'Higgins in the Chilean Primera División, for Servette in the Swiss Super League, for Grêmio in the Brazilian Série A, for América in the Mexican Primera División, and for Birmingham City in the English Premier League and Football League Championship. He has more than 40 caps for the Chilean national team, and represented his country at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Club career.
Early life and career.
Beausejour was born in Santiago, the son of a Haitian father and a Chilean-Mapuche mother. He began his professional career at Universidad Católica in 2001 and has since played for several clubs.
In 2004 he signed a contract with Servette and stayed in Switzerland for a year before joining Grêmio in 2005 and then Gent in 2006. In 2007 he returned to Chile spending one year with Cobreloa before joining O'Higgins in 2008.
Since joining O'Higgins Beausejour has impressed Chile national coach Marcelo Bielsa and has been called up for national duty three times. On 1 December 2008 Club América of Mexico signed him for three and a half years.
After a full season and a half at Club América, he moved to the English Premier League.
Birmingham City.
On 31 August 2010, Beausejour signed a three-year contract with Premier League side Birmingham City for an undisclosed fee. Manager Alex McLeish stated that Beausejour was a player that had been on their "list of targets for a long time because he is strong and quick with the ability to beat his man and get crosses in." His debut was delayed while he awaited a working visa, but he made his first appearance on 18 September as a late substitute, replacing Alexander Hleb in the 83rd minute as Birmingham lost 3–1 at West Bromwich Albion. He made more impact on his first start, setting up goals for Hleb and Nikola Žigić in the 3–1 League Cup victory over MK Dons. Described by the "Sunday Mirror" as "at the heart of everything good about Birmingham" in the FA Cup third round against Millwall, Beausejour provided the assist for the opening goal and "crashed a 20-yard strike off the bar". He scored his first goal for the club, six minutes into the FA Cup fifth-round defeat of Sheffield Wednesday, with a side-footed shot from a Lee Bowyer cut-back. He was a second-half substitute as Birmingham won the 2011 League Cup, beating favourites Arsenal 2–1 at Wembley Stadium, thus earning qualification for the Europa League. On 5 March 2011, Beausejour scored his first league goal for the club in a 3–1 defeat at home to West Bromwich Albion, and his second came four days later in a 1–1 draw at Everton. But his club struggled with injuries for most of the 2010–11 season, and The Blues were eventually relegated from the Premier League.
Beausejour was the "Birmingham Mail"'s man of the match in Birmingham's first appearance in major European competition for nearly 50 years, the Europa League play-off round first leg against Portuguese club Nacional, which finished goalless. Just days after manager Chris Hughton suggested he wanted more from Beausejour in an attacking role, the player had an eventful man-of-the-match performance as Birmingham beat Leicester City 2–0. In the first few minutes of the second half, he "hit the angle of post and bar with a fierce shot", was considered fortunate by visiting manager Sven-Göran Eriksson to escape a second yellow card, and was tripped by Andy King to earn a penalty kick from which Marlon King opened the scoring. In the Europa League group stage, an error by Beausejour led to Club Brugge's second goal, but he scored from the rebound after Žigić's shot was blocked and was fouled for the penalty from which King equalised. His first league goal of the season came against Burnley in November, again from a rebound, in the second minute of a match that Birmingham won 2–1 in stoppage time.
Wigan Athletic.
On 25 January 2012, Beausejour joined Premier League club Wigan Athletic for an undisclosed fee, signing a two-and-a-half-year contract. He made his debut in the 3–1 defeat against Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on 31 January. On his home debut, against Everton, his man-of-the-match performance featured a "low cross struck Phil Neville on the foot, before heading in the direction of Tim Howard, but the ball spun sharply, slipping through the American's grasp" for an own goal. Since joining Wigan Beausejour has slotted well into the 3–4–3 formation playing at left wing back. With The Latics he won the FA Cup in 11 May 2013, even though Beausejour was unavailable for the final at Wembley against Manchester City due to an injury. However, three days later Beausejour was relegated from Premier League for the second time in his football career, following the 4–1 defeat of Wigan at the hands of Arsenal.
International career.
Beausejour made his debut for Chile national team in 2004, and scored his first international goal on 10 June 2009 against Bolivia in a 2010 World Cup qualifier. A member of Chile's squad for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, he scored the only goal of the group H match against Honduras on 16 June, the first match Chile had won at a World Cup since 1962. He played four matches at the tournament as Chile were eliminated by Brazil in the second round.
Together with four team-mates, Beausejour was dropped from the national team before a World Cup qualifying match against Uruguay in November 2011 after arriving late and in a condition described by coach Claudio Borghi as "not adequate for the Chilean national team, for a professional player", reportedly drunk. The Chilean Football Federation later suspended them for ten matches, and Borghi said he would not select either Beausejour or Jorge Valdívia in the near future. Borghi has since been sacked and Beausejour has returned to play for the national team.
References.
Infobox statistics
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="18505289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505289" title="Bob Hooper">
Bob Hooper

Robert Nelson Hooper (May 30, 1922 – March 17, 1980) was a Canadian-born pitcher in Major League Baseball from 1950 to 1955. A native of Leamington, Ontario, Hooper attended Montclair State University in New Jersey and served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II prior to his major-league career. As a player he threw and batted right-handed, stood 5'11" (180 cm) tall and weighed 195 pounds (88 kg).
Although he was originally signed by the New York Giants, Hooper came to the majors with the 1950 Philadelphia Athletics, and promptly won 15 games (losing only 10) for a last-place outfit that won only 52 games all year — Hooper thus accounting for 28.8 percent of all wins for the 1950 A's. In 1951, he won 12 of 22 decisions for a Philadelphia club that improved to 70 victories. Continuing his "against the grain" career, in 1952, with the A's putting up what would be their final over-.500 season in their Philadelphia history, Hooper won only eight games, losing 15. He was traded to the pennant-contending Cleveland Indians that December 19, and became strictly a relief pitcher, appearing in 43 games in 1953 and only 17 contests in 1954. He did not appear in the 1954 World Series, which Cleveland lost to the Giants in a four-game sweep. In his final season, Hooper appeared briefly with the 1955 Cincinnati Redlegs and lost his only two decisions. He finished his career with 40 victories, 41 defeats, 25 saves and an earned run average of 4.80.
After he retired as a player, he joined the Baltimore Orioles, whose general manager and field manager, Paul Richards, tutored Hooper on the 1949 Buffalo Bisons of the AAA International League, where Hooper posted a 19–3 record and proved himself ready for the major leagues. Hooper managed Oriole farm teams in the low minors from 1957 to 1960. He was a scout for the New York Mets in the early 1960s, and became a physical education teacher in the New Brunswick, New Jersey, public schools, retiring in 1979. Bob Hooper died of a heart attack at age 57 the following year in New Brunswick.

</doc>
<doc id="18505294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505294" title="Michael Jones (activist)">
Michael Jones (activist)

Michael Jones (born 1964) is a music talent manager, producer, director, and author. From 1984-1988, he was a controversial activist credited with enabling the gay and lesbian community of Indianapolis to become more active and visible. His active period in Indiana was short, but in that time he was deeply involved in helping Ryan White and working to advance the rights of gays and lesbians. The controversy around him was centered on his brash and sometimes self-aggrandizing style.
History.
Michael Everett Jones was born on September 24, 1964 in Indianapolis, Indiana, the only child of Everett Jones, Jr., a real estate broker, and Marlene Jean Hider Jones, a bookkeeper. Just 19 years later, he would become an outspoken proponent of gay and lesbian rights at the state then national level.
On Friday, June 26, 1984, Jones had been socializing with friends on Monument Circle in downtown Indianapolis. The area was well known as a gathering place for young gay males and had become a target for police activity. That Friday night, two plainclothes Indianapolis Police Department officers approached Jones, questioned him, frisked him and one groped his genitals. They left, telling Jones and his friends to move on.
Jones would later write about his experience for the Indiana Civil Liberties Union. "I was searched and had my ID checked by two unidentified officers Police Department's Tactical Unit,” he wrote. “ After having had received 23 complaints, including mine, within just a few weeks, the ICLU moved to the center of attention, speaking out against this harassment of gays." 
Instead of moving on, an outraged Jones went to the local media. His contention that police were targeting gays unfairly resonated with many throughout the city’s gay and lesbian community. Police had already been caught videotaping gays and lesbians a year earlier. The news sparked weekly Friday night protests, called “Gay Knights on the Circle” at the landmark, beginning July 22, 1984. The protests were organized by two of the gay community’s best-known leaders: Stan Berg, owner of the Body Works, a gay bathhouse in Indianapolis and publisher of the city’s only gay publication, "The Works"; and Kathy Sarris, who presided over a gay rights organization called Justice. Their relationship with Jones was cautious at best, given that he was politically ambitious and threatened the established order. In fact, they would not even mention Jones by name in those early days and "The Works" would not print his name until October 1984.
The protests culminated on the evening of Friday, August 31, 1984 when hundreds of gay men and lesbians gathered in a final demonstration. Despite multiple death threats including threats of sniper fire, Dr. Bruce Voeller, then president of the Mariposa Foundation and former director of the National Gay Task Force, delivered a speech to the crowd, as did other prominent leaders. Jones, however, stole the spotlight with a fiery speech that brought the crowd into a near frenzy. “It was like the entire city just stopped for his speech,” one man told The Indianapolis Star. “You didn’t hear any cars, no people, just Michael’s voice reverberating off the buildings. It was thrilling and eerie at the same time.”
One afternoon, while waiting to tape an interview at the local CBS affiliate, Jones was approached by Michael Gradison, executive director of the Indiana Civil Liberties Union, the state’s ACLU chapter. Gradison asked Jones if he would be interested in spearheading a statewide effort focusing on gay and lesbian rights. Jones took the opportunity and created the Gay and Lesbian Rights Task Force of the Indiana Civil Liberties Union. Jones formed the Task Force on July 28, 1984.
This move on the ICLU’s part seemed to only strain the relationship between the organization and the city’s gay leadership. Shorty after the creation of the Task Force, Berg and Sarris met with ICLU leaders. The previous year, the ICLU had reached an agreement with the Indianapolis Police Department to establish restrictions on the Department’s videotaping of gays and others, but had not included any of the gay leadership. Stan Berg wrote a brief story in "The Works" aptly titled, “ICLU and Gay Leaders Agree to Disagree.” 
Over the course of the next two years, Jones would criss-cross the state delivering speeches about gay rights and giving interviews to local media. In 1986, at the American Civil Liberties Union’s annual conference in Boulder, Colorado, Jones isolated himself in his room and after an entire night, he emerged with a draft policy on non-discrimination against people with AIDS and HTLV-III (the first name for HIV) and a resolution opposing mandatory AIDS testing. Both policies were adopted virtually unchanged. This conference was also attended by another person who would have a major leadership role in gay and lesbian politics, Urvashi Vaid. She and Jones met at a party in Boulder and spent most of their evening forging ideas about the future of the movement. Vaid would later become executive director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force.
Involvement with Ryan White and Other Controversies.
Perhaps the most significant moment in his gay leadership role came when Jones was contacted by an exasperated mother from Kokomo, Indiana named Jeanne White. Her young son Ryan had been barred from attending school because he had AIDS and she did not know where else to turn. Over the uneasiness of many in the organization, Jones took on young Ryan’s cause and made several public appearances with him. Explaining his interest in the case, Jones told the Indianapolis Star on August 4, 1985, "Cases like Ryan 's and Rock Hudson have brought the panic to a high point in Indiana." He continued, "The more people hear, the more they are concerned and that could work two ways. I can see more being educated about AIDS, or I can see more discrimination (against AIDS victims)." Some were uncomfortable seeing an openly gay man escorting a young boy with AIDS to public events. In Kokomo, public debate had gotten vitriolic to the point that some made an allegation the Jones and Ryan’s mother were, in fact, lovers.
During his tenure at the Civil Liberties Union, Jones was frequently controversial. Many pioneers in the gay rights movement, including Berg and Sarris, resented Jones for what they saw as grandstanding and demeaning their longstanding contributions. Within his own organization, Jones was openly criticized as a “megalomaniac.”
Jones frequently made offhanded remarks to reporters that created an uproar and many believed these were just more publicity stunts. He once told a reporter in Terre Haute, Indiana, that he believed accused serial killer Larry Eyler was guilty, based on inside information he had received. The Terre Haute Tribune-Star reported, “Unlike other gays who were shocked by the revelations, Jones said he was privy to inside police information. ‘I saw the evidence as it kept building,’ Jones said.” The story made it onto the wire services, prompting many to question Jones’ commitment to civil liberties when impugning guilt to someone only accused. Others stated that Jones had lied, that he was not privy to any inside information. Eyler was later convicted of murdering multiple young men in Indiana and Illinois. Jones later stated that he had been shown evidence years prior by unnamed members of the Central Indiana Multi-Investigational Task Force (CIMIT) which convinced him Eyler had committed the murders. Kathleen Zellner, Eyler's attorney, confirmed Eyler's involvement in 21 murders by releasing his confessions at the time of his death.
Other skirmishes between Jones and local leaders erupted. In November 1984, three men in Richmond, Indiana were arrested for prostitution. They took their case to Jones and the ICLU. Jones responded by publicly accusing the police of conducting a “witch hunt” and of entrapping the three men. The Palladium-Item, Richmond’s newspaper, on December 23, 1984, published an editorial asking, “Who is harassing whom, and who is hunting what witches? “ The editorial went on to state, “Jones and the Indiana Civil Liberties Union are not a judge and jury, and yet their charges carry a presumption of police guilt…The ICLU has embarked on a witch hunt of its own.” 
In 1985 Jones traveled to Richmond, Indiana to deliver a speech at Earlham College. Again, he stirred controversy, but this time by referring to homosexuality in near religious terms. “Jones described homosexuals as ‘a chosen people—chosen by powers beyond this world to help build that society of brotherhood.’ “ 
In 1987, Jones abruptly announced he was stepping down from the Task Force and moving to Los Angeles. He named Marla Randolph Stevenson, a lesbian and Wicca practitioner, as his successor. She would go on to become a cornerstone of the gay and lesbian community.
During 1986 and 1987, Jones seemed to assimilate into the establishment, being asked to preside as an honorary judge at the annual International Festival along with then-Mayor William Hudnut.
Popular "Indianapolis Star" columnist Dan Carpenter wrote a tribute to Jones shortly before Jones left for Los Angeles. Citing a confrontation that occurred between Jones and a young KKK heckler in which Jones met the young man with “plain old you-and-me, eye-to-eye conversation,” Carpenter wrote, “It’s also illustrative of the temperament Jones brought to the unpaid job, a job he created at the age of 19 shortly after he had come out of closet as a homosexual.” He continued: “All his [Jones’] trials since then—the negotiations with government officials, the protest demonstrations, the lawsuits, the legislative lobbying, the countless speeches and the struggle to help his middle-class family accept his sexual orientation–have left him not burned out but lit up…Jones has much to do with the growing militancy in the gay community here.”
Contributions.
In the end, Jones' contribution to the gay and lesbian community in Indianapolis was the acceptance he gained by the larger community. Unlike his predecessors like Berg, who was a bathhouse owner, Jones was youthful, ordinary and likeable. It was easy for the public to accept him. By being accepted, Jones was able to continue the dialogue and open the doors for many of the community's gay people and organizations today.
Current Life.
Jones moved to Los Angeles in 1988 and began working as a freelance writer covering musical artists and other entertainment personalities. He covered and associated with many entertainment figures including Whoopi Goldberg, Sandra Bernhard, Andy Bell and Vince Clarke of Erasure, Information Society and Warhol Superstar Holly Woodlawn. His friendships with Steve Bronski of Bronski Beat and author Dennis Cooper encouraged him to pursue a career in music while continuing his work as a writer.
Jones wrote a collection of short stories, "Snuff," which Penguin USA backed out of publishing for fear of public backlash. Some of the stories were later published individually. Dennis Cooper, for instance, published one in the anthology "Discontents." 
In 1994, Jones founded MJM, a marketing and management company. While the venture was lucrative, by 1996 Jones grew increasingly depressed and reportedly couldn't sleep for six months. He sold the company and embarked on a spiritual journey in which he studied Buddhism at a Tibetan monastery and later, South American shamanism. During a shamanic journey, Jones reported encountering a "celestial and sexy female entity" who instructed him to "study human nature and teach peace to change the world." Jones promptly enrolled in graduate school and earned a Master's Degree in clinical psychology by 2000. He worked in psychiatric hospitals and wrote a book, "Nothing to Fear: A Self-Help Guide to Overcoming Panic Attacks for Life", during this time. "I didn't know why I had to go through it at the time, but I realize now it was an invaluable experience that would make me a better manager."
Jones never left the music industry, though. In 2001, he created the e Factory, specializing in electronic dance music artists, and promoted after-hours clubs in LA.
In July 2010, Jones founded KounterKulture Mgmt+Media, a talent management and artist development company where he serves as president today. While managing major musical artists, he has been instrumental in launching the careers of electronic dance music artists Vegamoore, pop star Francis Bowie, and the psychedelic rock group Babble. He also works as a producer and video director.
Jones was recently described as "an outspoken maverick and committed playboy with brilliant business acumen who might just be a creative genius," He is the father of two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="18505311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505311" title="Eric Sorensen (reporter)">
Eric Sorensen (reporter)

Eric Sorensen is a Canadian journalist. He is the current Washington, D.C. bureau chief for "Global National", since November 2006. Sorensen was previously a reporter for CBC Television's "" for fourteen years. He began his broadcasting career in 1973, after graduating from the Ryerson Polytechnical Institute radio and television arts program and was the first Canadian to receive the Benton Fellowship in Broadcast Journalism from the University of Chicago in 1984. 
Eric and his wife, Pamela, have two children; son, Dana, and daughter, Maggie.

</doc>
<doc id="18505328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505328" title="Prix d'Amérique">
Prix d'Amérique

Prix d'Amérique is a harness race held at the Vincennes hippodrome in Paris, France. The race takes place on the last Sunday of January every year, and has been doing so since 1920, with the exception for the years 1940-1941 when it was cancelled due to World War II. It is widely considered the most prestigious harness race in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18505340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505340" title="Alexandra Dreyfus">
Alexandra Dreyfus

Alexandra "Lexi" or "Lexie" Dreyfus (born April 7, 1986) is an American actress, singer, and video blogger. She is best known for her work portraying Sarah Genatiempo, the main character of in the Internet series "lonelygirl15" and its spinoff "".
Career.
Dreyfus began singing at the age of four, which led her to the Southern California Children's Choir. While there, she auditioned for and was cast as a soloist at the Orange County Performing Arts Theatre. She attended the Santa Barbara City College, where she acted in the school's production of "The Physicists".
Dreyfus joined "lonelygirl15" in April 2007 as Sarah, who has been called one of the "most notable" new characters of the show. She received the part after a friend recommended her to Miles Beckett and she auditioned for the role. She had not heard of "lonelygirl15" before that time. Dreyfus describes Sarah as "that 18-year-old everyone knew... selfish and self-absorbed, but so is every 18-year-old. She also wants to do the right thing."
She is one of only two actors from the original "lonelygirl15" series to appear in its sequel, "". The other actor is Jackson Davis. She is the only actress throughout the series to interact with fans at an event, which took place in Boston.
Dreyfus has also appeared on television, portraying Sasha in the third series of the interactive UK program, "Dubplate Drama". She later appeared as herself while working as Paris Hilton's assistant on Hilton's 2011 reality show "The World According to Paris". While working as Hilton's assistant, Dreyfus also worked as a storyline writer for porn films.
Currently, Dreyfus works as a photographer. Additionally, she is competing in the 2013 Hometown Hotties competition for Maxim magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18505341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505341" title="Hanka Pachale">
Hanka Pachale

Hanka Pachale (born September 12, 1976 in Schwerin, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is a female volleyball player from Germany. She represented the German Women's National Team in two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996. For the 2009-10 season, she is playing for Italian club Pavia.
Her father Siegfried Pachale was a discus thrower, placing fifth in the world while representing East Germany in the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada. Her mother was also an internationally successful athlete, throwing the discus for the German national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18505346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505346" title="3300 North Central Avenue">
3300 North Central Avenue

3300 North Central Avenue (also known as 3300 Tower) is a high-rise located along Central Avenue in Uptown Phoenix, Arizona, United States. The tower rises 27 floors and in height. Designed by Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, 3300 North Central Avenue was built in 1980. Upon completion, it stood as the fourth-tallest building in Phoenix and the tallest building outside of Downtown Phoenix. Today, it stands as the 11th-tallest building in the city.
Like its next door neighbor, the Great American Tower, 3300 North is rotated 45 degrees from the street grid. It is, however, an eight sided building with a 45-degree angle cut into each of the four corners. The building is covered with reflective glass with the exception of the corners, the crown and the lobby, which expose the concrete construction. 3300 North was designed at a time when the architectural trend was shifting away from the International Style and towards Post Modernism and thus, has elements of both architectural styles.

</doc>
<doc id="18505355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505355" title="1986 Major League Baseball Draft">
1986 Major League Baseball Draft

The 1986 Major League Baseball Draft was the 22nd MLB draft that took place in 1986. During this draft 21 future all-stars were drafted including, Greg Swindell, Matt Williams, Kevin Brown, Gary Sheffield, Roberto Hernández, Jack Armstrong, Dean Palmer, Scott Cooper, Kent Bottenfield, Bo Jackson, Joe Girardi, Pat Hentgen, Tom Gordon, Steve Finley, Rod Beck, Chuck Knoblauch, Rick Reed, Paul Quantrill, John Olerud, Scott Erickson and Todd Jones.
First round selections.
The following are the first round picks in the 1986 Major League Baseball draft.

</doc>
<doc id="18505356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505356" title="James Larkin White">
James Larkin White

James Larkin White (July 11, 1882 – April 26, 1946), better known as Jim White, was a cowboy, guano miner, cave explorer, and park ranger for the National Park Service. He is best remembered as the discoverer, early promoter and explorer of what is known today as "Carlsbad Caverns" in Carlsbad Caverns National Park, New Mexico.
Birth.
Jim White was born on July 11, 1882, on a ranch in Mason County, Texas. He started working in the cattle business at a very early age and preferred it to the school his father forced him to attend. He preferred "bustin' broncos to books and blackboards". One day, when Jim had had enough of school, he begged his father to let him do something else. "I want to be a cowboy", he said. So, when he was 10 years old, his father agreed to take him to the southeastern corner of the New Mexico Territory. He left him at the ranch of John and Dan Lucas ("XXX Ranch"). His father bought land at Lonetree, just west of the developing town of Eddy (Carlsbad today), and moved the rest of the family there three years later. Jim occasionally stayed at his family's small horse farm, but mostly lived and worked at the Lucas ranch.
Discovery.
An inscription reading "J White 1898" was discovered deep within Carlsbad Caverns in the 1980s. It provides witness to the presence of a 16 year old Jim White.
While riding his horse through the Chihuahuan Desert looking for stray cattle with a fence mending crew for the Lucas brothers, Jim saw a plume of bats rising from the desert hills. It appeared to be a volcano, or a whirlwind but did not behave quite like either. He tied his horse to a nearby tree and worked his way through the brush to the edge of a large opening in the ground. Jim described the moment by saying, "I found myself gazing into the biggest and blackest hole I had ever seen, out of which the bats seemed literally to boil".
First exploration.
A few days later, he returned to the cave with some rope, fence wire and a hatchet. He cut wood from some nearby shrubs and assembled a makeshift ladder. He lowered the ladder into the opening and using a homemade kerosene lantern, descended approximately to the first serviceable ledge. He climbed down an additional to a floor. Using the "sickly glow" of his lantern, he made his way into the cave. He felt as if he "... was wandering into the very core of the Guadalupe Mountains."
After reaching a chamber, he noted two tunnels leading off in opposite directions, one downward and to the right and one, more level, to the left. He decided to go left first and discovered the Bat Cave. He explored it for a while then proceeded down the other tunnel.
By the time he reached the first formations, he had "... crept cat-like across a dozen dangerous ledges and past many tremendous openings ...". He saw more stalagmites, "... each seemingly larger and more beautifully formed than the ones I'd passed". He encountered chandeliers, stalactites, soda straws, flowstone, pools of water, rimstone dams and other formations. He dropped rocks into pits to determine their depth. He rolled one boulder into a pit and it fell for a couple of seconds and then "... kept rolling and rolling until its sound became an echo".
Then the light from his homemade kerosene lantern went out. The darkness seemed to smother him. Jim described the incident by saying, "It seemed as though a million tons of black wool descended upon me."
After refilling his lantern from a spare canteen of oil, he made his way back to the surface.
The kid.
Jim returned to the cave with a 15 year old Mexican boy. His real name is unknown—he was known only as "Muchacho", "The Kid", or "Pothead".
Five days after Jim's first trip into the cave, he and Pothead made an exploration. Carrying food, water, fuel and homemade torches, they began an exploration which lasted three days. They took a large ball of string to use to ensure their exit.
They explored approximately the same areas of the cave that the modern tourist trails cover including the Big Room, and the King's Palace and Queen's Chamber.
Jim White's Own Story.
The original record of the early events surrounding Jim White and Carlsbad Caverns comes from a booklet, self-published in 1932, titled "Jim White's Own Story". The booklet was ghost written by Frank Ernest Nicholson in exchange for payment of a boarding bill. Nicholson was a journalist and led the ill-fated "Nicholson Expedition" to Carlsbad Caverns in 1929 sponsored by The New York Times.
Jim White had a permit with the National Park Service to sell the booklet from the Underground Lunchroom. Dennis Chavez, a U.S. Senator helped obtain the permit by putting pressure on the park. At first, the agreement was oral but later, it became more formal. Sales of the booklet ceased two months after Jim White's death.
The guano bucket.
One of the early guano companies dug a shaft making a more direct route to the guano deposits in the Bat Cave. It was serviced by a large iron bucket operated by a gasoline winch. This system was used to haul bags of guano out of the cave for use as fertilizer in places like the California fruit orchards. The guano was sold for 90 dollars a ton (). Jim White used the guano bucket to transport hundreds of tourists into and out of the cave.
The original guano bucket was used as the stand in the Underground Lunchroom from which Jim White sold his booklets. Jim White Jr. later gave it to a man named Charlie Dugger and it was stored in his garage.
Family.
Jim White married Fannie Hill on January 1, 1912. She was eighteen and a longtime friend from the town of Lonetree. Their first house was provided by the guano company. It was a "... two room shack, set practically on top of the small bat cave, which was several hundred yards from the main cavern entrance." Jim and Fannie had a son named James Larkin White, Jr. on March 23, 1919. Jim moved his family into a four room house provided by the guano company when Jim Jr. was about two years old. It was a few hundred feet farther from the cave entrance. They did not have running water at the house; instead, Jim would take a burro to Oak Springs and let it loose to find its way home with two cans of water on its back. Fannie would empty the water into a barrel when the burro returned. They did not get electricity until 1929 or 1930 and it was only on during the day.
Death.
Jim White died on April 26, 1946 in a hospital in Carlsbad, New Mexico at the age of 63. He suffered from Bright's disease and died of coronary thrombosis. He told a reporter for the "Carlsbad Current-Argus", two days before his death, that he felt well but was not ready to ride a horse to California, again. He is buried alongside his wife, Fannie, at Carlsbad Municipal Cemetery in Carlsbad. The epitaph on his tombstone reads "The Discoverer of Carlsbad Caverns".
After his death, a movement was started to have a statue of Jim White erected at the cavern entrance. Instead, a bronze plaque was placed in the lobby at the park visitor center which reads:
In 2011, a large, bronze statue of Jim White descending a wire ladder was unveiled at the National Cave and Karst Research Institute (NCKRI) building in Carlsbad, New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18505375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505375" title="Stéphane Garcia">
Stéphane Garcia

Stéphane Garcia (born 4 April 1991) is a Swiss football midfielder.
Career.
Garcia began his career with Etoile-Carouge FC, who was promoted to the Swiss Challenge League in summer 2006, after two years joined in July 2008 to Neuchâtel Xamax. He played only one game for Neuchâtel Xamax and joined on 29 June 2009 on loan to FC Le Mont. before transferring back to Etoile-Carouge FC. He moved on to FC Lugano in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18505379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505379" title="Magnet, Indiana">
Magnet, Indiana

Magnet, Indiana, is an unincorporated community along the Ohio River in Tobin Township, Perry County, Indiana, United States.
History.
When pioneers started to settle the banks of the Ohio River, one of the first in the Magnet area was Dodson, who operated a wood yard. The settlement was known as Dodson Landing. When Dodson left, Jesse Martin took over the wood yard operation; therefore the area was referred to as Martin Landing. In 1848 the residents had to decide on a name for the village. To honor Jesse Martin they chose the name Rono, after his dog that lived to an extraordinarily old age. The settlement was known as Rono until 1896 when the United States Postal Department changed the name to Magnet.
Civil War Memorial Grave.
On August 21, 1865, the steamboat, "U.S.S. Argosy" (Number 3) was returning Union soldiers of the 70th Ohio Infantry home via the Ohio River. The steamer was forced aground by a storm. Her boilers exploded and caused ten fatalities. They were buried in a mass grave one half mile from Magnet (then called Rono). Ten grave makers were raised at the site.
Local historian Bert Fenn discovered information that suggested one of the ten who was supposedly buried in the grave may have actually lived until arriving in Louisville, where he died. This could explain why one of the soldiers buried in the grave is an unknown soldier.
The Civil War Memorial Grave historical marker at the site erected by the Indiana Civil War Centennial Commission in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="18505386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505386" title="WAKZ">
WAKZ

WAKZ (95.9 FM, "95-9 Kiss FM") is a radio station licensed to Sharpsville, Pennsylvania, and serving Youngstown, Ohio. The station is owned by Clear Channel. The station used to air a Rhythmic format but they are currently shifting back to Top 40. WAKZ competes with WDJQ Q92 (from nearby Canton), WHOT-FM "Hot 101", WHBC-FM "Mix 94.1", and WENZ "Z 1079" (from nearby Cleveland). Another competitor, WRBP "Jamz 101.9", will be flipping formats in June 2012 due to a change in ownership. WAKZ does have fellow Kiss FM sister stations in Cleveland and Pittsburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="18505397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505397" title="Machnín">
Machnín

Machnín () is the 33rd of the 35 districts of the city of Liberec, Czech Republic.
History.
Formerly a village, Machnín was established somewhere in the Fourteenth century by Donín's family, and was named after Burgrave Vilém z Dolína's wife Machna. A former name for Machnín was Machnadorf, and some sources also refer to it as Mochendorf, Machndorf or Mochendorff. The first reference to it is found in records from 1482 which mention a battle between Jan Královec and the Sorbs ().
From its beginnings, the history of the village was affected by its position on the boundary between Grabštejn and Frýdlant lordships, and by its proximity to the Hamrštejn () Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="18505412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505412" title="Columbo (disambiguation)">
Columbo (disambiguation)

Columbo is an American detective television program.
Columbo may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18505429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505429" title="The Accrington Pals (play)">
The Accrington Pals (play)

The Accrington Pals is a 1982 play by Peter Whelan. It is based on the Accrington Pals unit in the First World War and contrasts its life at the front and experiences in the 1916 Battle of the Somme with the women left behind in Accrington. 
Production history.
It was premiered at the Warehouse in London on 10 April 1981 by the Royal Shakespeare Company. 
Publication history.
The play was first published by Methuen London Ltd in 1982.
Scenes.
Act 1
i) May’s market stall
ii) Recruiting office
iii) May’s stall
iv) May’s kitchen
v) May’s kitchen (doubling as Tom’s watch post.)
vi) May’s kitchen
vii) May’s stall (doubling as Caernarvon)
viii) May’s stall
ix) May’s kitchen
x) May’s stall
Act 2
i) May’s kitchen/France
ii) May’s kitchen/France
iii) May’s kitchen
iv) The Somme front, France
v) Sarah’s backyard
vi) May’s kitchen
vii) May’s stall
viii) May’s stall

</doc>
<doc id="18505435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505435" title="E. L. Young">
E. L. Young

Emma L. Young is a science journalist and writer, who currently works in Sydney as the Editor for "New Scientist" magazine. She has the chance to find out about the latest science and technology because of this job, knowledge she uses in her novels.
Novels.
Young is the author of the STORM series, a series that includes the following novels.
The series follows a group of highly intelligent teenagers who band together to form STORM (Science and Technology to Over-Rule Misery) a covert organisation who use their brainpower to rid the world of various evil threats.
The books incorporate a large element of high-tech gadgetry and science. These plot elements are based in fact, as the author states at the end of each book, along with a summary of the genuine research and inventions which inspire her writing.

</doc>
<doc id="18505453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505453" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Burma">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Burma

The Roman Catholic Church in Burma is composed of 3 ecclesiatical provinces, each with an archdiocese headed by an archbishop, and a total of 13 dioceses headed by bishops.

</doc>
<doc id="18505465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505465" title="Max McKeown">
Max McKeown

Max McKeown (born in London, October, 1969) is an English writer, consultant, and researcher specialising in innovation strategy, leadership and culture. He has written six influential books and conducts research with Warwick Business School (Young, 2008). He is a fellow of the RSA. He served on the Advisory Board for the Rollins Center for eBusiness. He earned his Masters in Business Administration and Ph.D. from the Warwick Business School under the supervision of Professor David Wilson and Professor Sotirios Paroutis, who was in turn supervised by Andrew Pettigrew.
McKeown is an advocate of innovation culture. He also argues that failure can be positive for progress if it is viewed as part of learning (Chynoweth, 2010). He makes a distinction between change and progress, "change is inevitable but progress is not" (McKeown, 2008). His work described how 'creativity doesn't come from hiring the right people, but from creating the right conditions' (Buchanan & Huczynski, 2013, McKeown, 2008). He also argues that "reacting matters as much as planning" and that strategy is effective only when it shapes events in the real world (McKeown, 2011).
In Adaptability, a contribution to innovation literature he sets out four levels of adaptation that social groups can achieve. "Collapsing" is the end of the social group. "Coping" is survival 'without prosperity, pride or joy'. "Thriving" provides benefits that are worthwhile and desirable. The final level, "Transcending" overcomes the limits of the old system, allowing more for everyone. The three step model of Adaptability (RUN) involves (1) Recognition of required adaptation (2) Understanding of adaptation required (3) Necessary adaptation. He describes High Adaptability (Killer) Cultures - or HACKs - as supportive of self-renewal that nurture and develop the talent of what he refers to as High Adaptability, High Achievement individuals - or HAHAs - who learn to become stronger when faced with adversity as compared to Low Adaptability, Low Achievement individuals - or LALAs - who become increasingly inflexible when put under pressure (McKeown, 2013).
Social groups, and individuals, attempt adaptation following three steps: First, recognition of the need to adapt. Second, understanding of the necessary adaptation. And third, adapting as necessary. In most societies there is a mix of different systems at different levels of adaptation fit. Many efforts to reach higher levels of adaptation fail because one or more of the steps is not completely successfully. People may fail to understand change is necessary, or not understand what kind of change is necessary, or simply avoid making those changes.
In The Strategy Book, one of the winners at the Chartered Institute of Management's Book of the Year Awards 2013 (Atherton, 2013), argues that "strategy is about shaping the future" (McKeown, 2011) and approaches strategy as something that people do, both as style of thinking and the combination of actions taken along with their consequences. He describes how individuals, and groups, can increase their ability to think and act strategically, by finding the best route to desirable ends with available means. He wrote the book to help real people use strategy partly in response to a call to action from Richard Whittington, writing about school of strategic management research known as Strategy-In-Practice (Whittington, 2002). In 2014, Japanese, Swedish and Portuguese translations will be published.

</doc>
<doc id="18505470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505470" title="Zinterol">
Zinterol

Zinterol is a beta-adrenergic agonist.

</doc>
<doc id="18505476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505476" title="Petrel, North Dakota">
Petrel, North Dakota

Petrel is a ghost town in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. It is located just across the border with South Dakota, between Lemmon, South Dakota, in Perkins County and Haynes, North Dakota. Petrel is a former railroad townsite and siding on the Milwaukee Railroad. The town was named for the long-winged pigeons seen in the area.
History.
Petrel was established as a townsite along the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad in Gilstrap Township. A post office was established in the town on October 29, 1908 when the post office for the neighboring area of Thebes was moved to the new townsite and assumed the new name. The Petrel post office closed September 30, 1939, and mail service was transferred to Lemmon, South Dakota. As a result the town and the surrounding area share the Lemmon ZIP Code of 57638, even though they are in North Dakota. Little remains of the physical town today, other than a few deteriorating building foundations and other equipment.
BNSF Railway operates the railroad today. Petrel is located at mile marker 909.7.
The city of Rhame in neighboring Bowman County was originally named Petrel when it was founded in 1908, but the name was soon changed to avoid confusion.
Geography.
Petrel is located roughly north of the North Dakota-South Dakota border. It is from Lemmon and from Hettinger, the county seat of Adams County, North Dakota.
Demographics.
Petrel had approximately 100 people living there in the mid to late 1910s. A population of roughly 65 people was recorded in 1960. Today, it is a ghost town, with much of the population spread throughout the countryside. Today, the United States Census Bureau does not track specific population numbers for the community, but the surrounding township had a population of 28 as of the 2000 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="18505478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505478" title="Tretoquinol">
Tretoquinol

Tretoquinol is a beta-adrenergic agonist.

</doc>
<doc id="18505483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505483" title="What Mattered Most (song)">
What Mattered Most (song)

"What Mattered Most" is a the title of a debut song written by Gary Burr and Vince Melamed, and recorded by American country music singer Ty Herndon. It was released in February 1995 the lead-off single and title track from his debut album "What Mattered Most", as well as Herndon's first Number One single on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart. Upon its release, the song was added to the playlists of 133 radio stations surveyed by "Billboard", breaking a record set by Tracy Lawrence for the most adds in one week.
The song was later included as the B-side to Herndon's early-1996 single "In Your Face," which peaked at 63 on the country charts.
Critical reception.
Deborah Evans Price, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song unfavorably saying that while Herndon turns in a "credible vocal performance", it is "a shame that this formulaic, by-the-numbers song, written by two Nashville pros, doesn't make much of an impression." Michael McCall of "New Country" was more positive, calling it "a powerful, sensitive song about a man who realizes, too late, that he noticed everything about his lover except what was in her heart."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Steven Goldmann and premiered in early 1995.
Chart positions.
"What Mattered Most" debuted at number 62 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of February 25, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18505484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505484" title="Kansas discography">
Kansas discography

The discography of Kansas, an American rock band, consists of fourteen studio albums, six live albums, seven compilation albums, and twenty five singles. Formed by members Kerry Livgren, Robby Steinhardt, Dave Hope, Phil Ehart, Steve Walsh, and Rich Williams, the group signed a recording contract with Kirshner Records in 1973. The same year they released their self-titled debut album.
After the release of two albums in 1975, including "Masque" (which sold a half a million copies in the United States), the group released "Leftoverture" in October 1976. The album peaked at No. 5 on the "Billboard 200" and spawned the single "Carry On Wayward Son", which reached No. 11 on the Billboard Hot 100, leading the album to sell over five million copies in the United States. The following year their fifth album "Point of Know Return" was issued and certified four times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America and spawned the Top 10 single "Dust in the Wind". After the release of a live album, the group sixth studio release "Monolith" was issued in 1979, which spawned two singles. "Audio-Visions" was released in 1980 and certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America. Their eighth studio album "Vinyl Confessions" released the single "Play the Game Tonight" which became their first Top 20 single on the Billboard Hot 100 in four years, however the album itself did not sell and eventually after the release of a ninth studio album in 1983, the group disbanded.
Kansas reformed again in 1986 and released the studio album "Power" on MCA Records, whose single "All I Wanted" reached No. 19 on the Billboard Hot 100 that year. After the release of another album in 1988, the group reunited seven years later for the forming of the album "Freaks of Nature" (1995) on Intersound Records. In 1998 "Always Never the Same" was released on River North Records, followed by "Somewhere to Elsewhere" in 2000 on Magna Carta Records. Kansas has sold 15.5. million records according to the Recording Industry Association of America.

</doc>
<doc id="18505486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505486" title="Camp Muir">
Camp Muir

Camp Muir, named for the naturalist John Muir, is a high-altitude refuge for climbers on Mount Rainier in Mount Rainier National Park The shelters comprising the camp are situated at a 10,080 foot elevation between the Muir Snowfield and the Cowlitz Glacier on Mt. Rainier. Camp Muir is the most-used base camp for those attempting to climb to the mountain's summit. Camp Muir is between the Nisqually and Paradise Glaciers. 
The larger "public" shelter hut was built in 1921 to plans supervised by Daniel Ray Hull of the National Park Service. The by single-story one-room shelter was initially constructed of dry-laid stone. It replaced a smaller shelter which was used as a shelter for climbing guides. A dedication plaque at the entrance to the large shelter plaque reads "Erected in memory of John Muir, 1921." The guide shelter was built in 1916 by a climbing organization, the Mountaineers. It was designed by Seattle architect Carl F. Gould, a member of the Mountaineers and was approved by Park Service director Stephen T. Mather. The single-story guide shelter measures about by , and is the oldest stone structure in the park. Two stone pit toilets were built at Camp Muir in 1936 by the Civilian Conservation Corps, one of which survives and is used for storage.
There are 12 approaches to the summit from Paradise. Camp Muir provides 7 of those. Of the 7, 4 are grade II, 2 are grade III, and 1 is grade II-III.
Camp Muir was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 13, 1991. It is part of the Mount Rainier National Historic Landmark District, which encompasses the entire park and which recognizes the park's inventory of Park Service-designed rustic architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="18505488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505488" title="Methoxyphenamine">
Methoxyphenamine

Methoxyphenamine (trade names ASMI, Euspirol, Orthoxine, Ortodrinex, Proasma), also known as 2-methoxy-"N"-methylamphetamine (OMMA), is a β-adrenergic receptor agonist of the amphetamine class used as a bronchodilator.
Chemistry.
Methoxyphenamine was first synthesized at the Upjohn company by Woodruff and co-workers. A later synthesis by Heinzelman, from the same company, corrects the m.p. given for methoxyphenamine hydrochloride in the earlier paper, and describes an improved synthetic procedure, as well as resolution of the racemic methoxyphenamine.

</doc>
<doc id="18505492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505492" title="Mabuterol">
Mabuterol

Mabuterol is a beta-adrenergic agonist.

</doc>
<doc id="18505494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505494" title="Zerkel, Minnesota">
Zerkel, Minnesota

Zerkel is a small unincorporated community in Rice Township, Clearwater County, Minnesota, United States. It lies south of the city of Bagley and west of Itasca State Park and Lake Itasca.
Minnesota State Highways 92 and 200 are two of the main routes in the community.
Zerkel is located within the White Earth State Forest.
References.
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map - 2007/2008 edition<br>
Rand McNally Road Atlas - 2007 edition - Minnesota entry

</doc>
<doc id="18505502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505502" title="Higenamine">
Higenamine

Higenamine (norcoclaurine) is a chemical compound found in a variety of plants including "Nandina domestica" (fruit), "Aconitum carmichaelii" (root), "Asarum heterotropioides", "Galium divaricatum" (stem and vine), "Annona squamosa", and "Nelumbo nucifera" (lotus seeds). 
Pharmacology.
Since higenamine is present in plants which have a history of use in traditional medicine, the pharmacology of this compound has attracted scientific interest. A variety of effects have been observed in "in vitro" studies and in animal models, but its effects in humans are unknown.
The results of a 2009 study exposed the compound as a beta-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.
In animal models, higenamine has been demonstrated to be a beta-2 adrenergic receptor agonist. Adrenergic receptors, or adrenoceptors, belong to the class of G-protein coupled receptors, and are the most prominent receptors in the adipose membrane, besides also being expressed in skeletal muscle tissue. These adipose-membrane receptors are classified as either alpha- or beta-adrenoceptors. Although these adrenoceptors share the same messenger, cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP), the specific transduction pathway depends on the receptor type (alpha or beta). Higenamine partly exerts its actions by the activation of an enzyme, adenylate cyclase, responsible for boosting the cellular concentrations of the adrenergic second messenger, cAMP.
In a rodent model, it was found that higenamine produced cardiotonic, vascular relaxation, and bronchodilator effects. In particular, higenamine, via a beta-adrenoceptor mechanism, induced relaxation in rat corpus cavernosum, leading to improved vasodilation and erectile function. 
Related to improved vasodilatory signals, higenamine has been shown in animal models to possess anti-platelet and antithrombotic activity via a cAMP-dependent pathway, suggesting higenamine may contribute to enhanced vasodilation and arterial integrity.
Toxicity.
Regarding toxicity, researchers have suggested that the levels of higenamine reported in food consumption (estimated 47.5 mg in a 9-ounce serving of Lotus) would be comparable to the amount used in food supplements. 
During a study of acute toxicity, mice were orally administered the compound at a dose of 2 g per kg of bodyweight. No mice died during the study—suggesting that there is little concern for acute toxicity when the compound is orally consumed.

</doc>
<doc id="18505511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505511" title="Cimaterol">
Cimaterol

Cimaterol (INN) is a beta-adrenergic agonist.

</doc>
<doc id="18505519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505519" title="Broxaterol">
Broxaterol

Broxaterol is a beta-adrenergic agonist.

</doc>
<doc id="18505525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505525" title="List of waterway societies in the United Kingdom">
List of waterway societies in the United Kingdom

This List of waterway societies in the United Kingdom is a list of links to waterway societies, charities, trusts, associations, clubs and other non-governmental waterway organisations, concerned with the restoration, regeneration and use of the waterways in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="18505530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505530" title="Bertram Gawronski">
Bertram Gawronski

Bertram Gawronski (born October 22, 1971 in Würzburg, Germany) is a German Social Psychologist and Professor of Psychology at the University of Texas at Austin. He is known for his work on dual process theory in the areas of attitudes, social cognition, and decision making.
Biography.
Bertram Gawronski earned his MA in philosophy at the Free University of Berlin (Germany) in 1998 and his PhD in psychology at Humboldt University of Berlin (Germany) in 2001. From 2001 to 2002 Gawronski worked as a Postdoctoral Fellow with Fritz Strack at the University of Würzburg (Germany) and from 2002 to 2004 with Galen Bodenhausen at Northwestern University (US). In 2004, he accepted a position as Assistant Professor at the University of Western Ontario in London, Ontario (Canada), where he was awarded a Canada Research Chair in 2005. He was promoted to the rank of Associate Professor in 2008 and to the rank of Professor in 2010. Since January 2014, he is Professor of Psychology at the University of Texas at Austin. 
Research.
Gawronski’s research investigates the mental processes underlying social judgments and social behavior. A central focus of his research concerns the interplay of automatic and controlled processes in attitudes, social cognition, and decision making. 
Gawronski's most influential work is the associative-propositional evaluation (APE) model (developed in collaboration with Galen Bodenhausen), a dual process theory that specifies the relation between explicit and implicit evaluations. A central assumption of the APE model is that spontaneous "implicit" evaluations and deliberate "explicit" evaluations are the product of two functionally distinct mental processes. Whereas implicit evaluations are assumed to be the outcome of associative processes, explicit evaluations are assumed to be the outcome of propositional processes. Associative processes are conceptualized as the activation of associations on the basis of feature similarity and spatio-temporal contiguity during learning. Propositional processes are defined as the validation of activated information on the basis of basic principles of cognitive consistency. The APE model has been instrumental in explaining diverging patterns of attitude change, including (a) changes in implicit but not explicit evaluations, (b) changes in explicit but not implicit evaluations, (c) corresponding changes in implicit and explicit evaluations, and (d) opposite changes in implicit and explicit evaluations. In 2011, the Council of Canadian Academies identified Gawronski and Bodenhausen's first article on the APE model as one of the 1% most frequently cited psychology papers worldwide published during the period of 2000-2008. Since its publication in 2006, this article has been cited more than 800 times. 
In 2008, Gawronski's research received widespread attention in the popular media with a study that predicted future decisions of undecided voters by means of an implicit-association test (conducted in collaboration with Silvia Galdi and Luciano Arcuri at the University of Padova, Italy). The findings fueled debates about whether people can make decisions outside of conscious awareness, questioning a central idea underlying theories of rational choice. In 2012, follow-up research by Gawronski and his colleagues qualified such a strong interpretation by showing that undecided individuals selectively search for information that is consistent with their implicit preferences, which in turn provides the basis for conscious decisions. 
Another influential line of research by Gawronski investigated the generalization versus contextualization of implicit evaluations (conducted in collaboration with Robert Rydell at Indiana University, US, Bram Vervliet at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium, and Jan De Houwer Ghent University, Belgium). The research was inspired by inconsistent findings showing that implicit evaluations can be highly robust and difficult to change, highly malleable and easy to change, and highly context-dependent. To account for these disparate findings, Gawronski and his colleagues developed a learning theory that specifies the contextual conditions under which implicit evaluations reflect (a) initially learned attitudinal information, (b) subsequently learned counterattitudinal information, or (c) a mixture of both. Corresponding to similar patterns found in animal learning, the theory predicts that implicit evaluations tend to reflect the valence of counterattitudinal information only in the context in which this information was learned, and the valence of initial experiences in any other context. The findings received widespread attention for their implications on the stability of first impressions, suggesting that experiences that contradict a first impression are bound to the context in which they were made.

</doc>
<doc id="18505531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505531" title="Bromoacetylalprenololmenthane">
Bromoacetylalprenololmenthane

Bromoacetylalprenololmenthane (BAAM) is a beta-adrenergic agonist.

</doc>
<doc id="18505543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505543" title="Paramara dynasty">
Paramara dynasty

The Parmar dynasty was an early medieval Indian royal house that ruled over the Malwa region in central India.The belongs to rajput clan. The most significant ruler was Bhoja I. The seat of the Parmar kingdom was "Dhārānagara", the present day Dhar city in Madhya Pradesh. The main sources for the history of the Parmar dynasty are the "Nava-saha-sanka-charita" of Padmagupta and a series inscriptions, most notably the "Udayapur Praśasti", found at Udaypur in Vidisha district, Madhya Pradesh.
Notable Kings.
Upendra.
Upendra was the first known ruler of this rajput parmar dynasty. He had two sons, Kuvar Harshaditya Singh and Kuvar Dambarasimha. His elder son, Kuvar Harshaditya Singh, succeeded his father.
Siyaka.
Siyaka succeeded his father Vairisimha II. He was also known for his courage and his brave. He had two sons by his queen Vadaja, Vakpatiraja and Sindhuraja. His elder son Vakpatiraja succeeded him.
Vakpatiraja II.
Vakpatiraja II, also known as Utpala but famously known as King Munja succeeded his father Siyaka II. He assumed the titles, "Shrivallabha", "Prithvivallabha" and "Amoghavarsha". He defeated the Kalachuri king Yuvaraja II and captured his capital Tripuri. He also defeated the Guhilas of Medapata (Mewar) and plundered the capital Aghata (Ahar). He defeated the Chalukya ruler Mularaja of Anahilapataka.
Sindhuraja.
Sindhuraja succeeded his elder brother Vakpatiraja II. He assumed the titles, "Kumaranarayana" and "Navasahasanka". The "Navasāhasāṅkacarita" provides information about his reign. It describes how he helped a Naga king, Shankhapala of the Barsur in the present-day Dantewada district in Chhattisgarh state against Vajrankusha, a ruler of Vairagad in the present-day Chandrapur district in Maharashtra state and married his daughter Shashiprabha. He was succeeded by his son Bhoja I.
Bhoja I.
Bhoja I was the most well-known ruler of this dynasty. He was a scholar and established a centre for Sanskrit studies in Dhara Nagari, his capital. 23 works are ascribed to him, which include the "Samaranganasutradhara".

</doc>
<doc id="18505556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505556" title="Borut Petrič">
Borut Petrič

Borut Petrič (born 28 December 1961 in Kranj, Slovenia) is a former Slovenian freestyle swimmer, who represented Yugoslavia in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1976. A brother of swimmer Darjan Petrič, he won the silver medal in the men's 1500 m freestyle at the 1978 World Aquatics Championships in Berlin. Petrič was the youngest participant (14 years, 325 days) at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada. He also won a gold medal on 400 m freestyle in 1981. In the same year, Petrič received the Golden Badge award for best athlete of Yugoslavia. He is the coach at swimming club Fužinar Ravne.

</doc>
<doc id="18505561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505561" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Malaysia">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Malaysia

The Roman Catholic Church in Malaysia is composed of 3 ecclesiastical provinces, each of which has an archdiocese and 2 suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18505589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505589" title="List of Masters of Jesus College, Cambridge">
List of Masters of Jesus College, Cambridge

The following persons have served as Master of Jesus College, Cambridge:

</doc>
<doc id="18505598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505598" title="Centuries, Hythe">
Centuries, Hythe

Centuries is a house in Hythe, Kent, built in the 13th century, possibly earlier. It is the birthplace of Hamo Hethe, b.1275, who became the Bishop of Rochester in 1319. In 1685 it became St. Bartholomew's Hospital, for between ten and thirteen people, until 1949; from 1951 it has been divided into two private flats. The house is currently listed on the Statutory List of Buildings of Special Architectural or Historic Interest as Grade II*, and is on the corner of Church Hill and Bartholomew Street in Hythe.
Details.
The original house was built in the 13th century, possibly earlier, by a family named Noble, believed to be Hamo's ancestors. The two story structure with a large cellar is built of local rag-stone and was, at that time, in a preeminent location on the docks in Hythe, on the corner of the 12th century road to Canterbury called Clyme Hill, via Saltwood Castle. Built of Kentish rag-stone and wide-joined rubble, the simple two story structure had an exterior staircase made of wood on the east side. The cellar, with its door facing the docks, was used for storage and trade while the ground floor and first floor were living areas. It is likely that the original cellar door and south-facing windows had rounded arches in the Norman style, that were adapted to the Gothic style at the time of the western addition. There is a large stone that goes several feet into the ground on the southeast corner of the building which is most likely a mooring Bollard.
In 1335 the west wing extension was added along the quayside on Duck Lane, by Hamo de Hethe, by then Bishop of Rochester. He continued to use the house as a summer residence. The west wing is built of roughly squared sandstone rubble with simple Gothic arched windows and a central door which leads, still today, through a stone floored passage that exits in the back garden. The exterior wooden steps were removed and an interior staircase built, from the cellar up to the ground and first floors. Upon entering the cellar there is an ancient Ambry built into the stone wall, which would have been used for storage objects of a religious nature, holy waters, and the like. The final addition to the house was in 1811, extending the rooms to number sixteen in all. The house remained owned by the church until 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="18505604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505604" title="Ty Herndon discography">
Ty Herndon discography

Ty Herndon is an American country music artist. His discography consists of six studio albums and 20 singles. Of his singles, three reached number 1 on the Hot Country Songs charts: "What Mattered Most", "Living in a Moment", and "It Must Be Love".

</doc>
<doc id="18505616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505616" title="Hoplocorypha macra">
Hoplocorypha macra

Hoplocorypha macra is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Kenya, Cape Province, Namibia, Natal, Tanzania, Transvaal, Uganda, and Zambia.

</doc>
<doc id="18505624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505624" title="United States House of Representatives election in Wyoming, 2008">
United States House of Representatives election in Wyoming, 2008

The 2008 congressional elections in Wyoming was held on November 4, 2008. The election coincides with the 2008 U.S. presidential election, as well as with two United States Senate races.
Wyoming has one seat in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census. Its 2007-2008 congressional delegation consisted of one Republican. That remains unchanged although "CQ Politics" had forecasted the district to be at some risk for the incumbent party.
Campaign.
The statewide Primary election was held August 19, 2008.
A February 2008 poll showed this race in a dead heat with Democratic nominee Gary Trauner slightly edging Republican nominee Cynthia Lummis 41% to 40%. CQ Politics forecasts the race as 'Leans Republican'. A mid-May poll by Research 2000/Daily Kos showed Trauner leading Lummis 44-41%. A mid-October poll by the same group showed Trauner leading Lummis 44-43%, with 4% supporting Libertarian W. David Herbert and 9% undecided.
Six-term Barbara Cubin (R) is retiring, making this an open seat. She had beaten her Democratic opponent, Teton County School Board Chairman Gary Trauner, by only 1,012 votes in 2006. She sought reelection in a district – coterminous with the state of Wyoming – that gave George W. Bush an overwhelming victory with 69% of the vote in 2004 but whose governor, Dave Freudenthal (D), was reelected with 70% of the vote in 2006. Cubin has been a lightning rod for controversy over a number of incidents that ranged from receiving money from ARMPAC, to distributing penis-shaped cookies to male colleagues while in the Wyoming Legislature, to even an incident after a televised debate in which she remarked that if the Libertarian candidate, Thomas Rankin, who has multiple sclerosis and must use a wheelchair, "weren’t sitting in that chair," she would have slapped him in the face. So few were surprised when Cubin announced that she would retire from Congress as she would have faced bouth a tough primary and general campaign for an 8th term.
On the Republican side, Cheyenne substitute teacher Swede Nelson was the first to announce his candidacy for the seat on September 8, 2007. State House Majority Leader Colin M. Simpson, son of former U.S. Sen. Alan Simpson, announced he intended to run early in 2007 but later withdrew from the race. Other Republicans running include conservative former state Treasurer Cynthia Lummis, state Rep. Dan Zwonitzer, businessman and rancher Mark Gordon of Buffalo, and retired naval captain and 2006 candidate Bill Winney who had garnered 40 percent of the vote against Cubin in the 2006 primary. Nelson and Zwonizter withdrew, with Lummis and Gordon remaining in the field. Lummis had the experience and name recognition and Gordon a massive war chest, $647,768 in self-financing as of June 30, 2008, and early television advertising. After Zwonizter withdrew, Green River physician and Ron Paul backer Mike Holland jumped in the race. Gordon outspent Lummis 4-1 in the primary. After anonymous circulation of two mailings attacking him personally, Gordon became critical of Lummis' campaign and hence aired ads about her past voting record of increasing taxes. Lummis countered with criticism of Gordon's past funding of Democrats Trauner, Governor Dave Freudenthal in 2006, and John F. Kerry for president in 2004. Lummis ultimately won the nomination, 46-37 over Gordon, with Winney obtaining 12 percent and Holland 5 percent.
Moving on from her win in the primary, Lummis faced the Democrat, Trauner. While Trauner has a tremendous fundraising advantage over Lummis, the race will likely be decided by who can receive the most Gordon supporters, and if Trauner can gain as much Republican support as he did in 2006. In addition, since the Libertarian Rankin received over 7,500 votes in 2006, while Cubin's margin of victory was only 1,012 votes, support for Herbert and whether he draws more votes away from Lummis or Trauner could also play a factor. Trauner's massive war chest from the DNC contributed to his TV ads swamping television across the state, while Lummis had very little money left from her expensive primary battle. Trauner won the key endorsement of Governor Freudenthal, and pushed his ads negatively on Lummis. Lummis countered with her own attack ads, and the National Parties contributed their own attack ads. After a long fight for the open seat, Wyoming voters selected Lummis to succeed Barbara Cubin in Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="18505633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505633" title="Forced Entry (2002 film)">
Forced Entry (2002 film)

Forced Entry is a 2002 pornographic film written and directed by Lizzy Borden, produced by Rob Zicari, and released by Extreme Associates. The film is loosely based on the crimes of California serial killer Richard Ramirez. 
Plot.
A man knocks on a teenage girl's door, claiming to be in need of directions. When the girl leaves to answer the phone, the man sneaks in, and grabs her when she returns. Physically and verbally assaulting the girl, the man drags her into a bedroom by the neck, and rapes her. The rapist ejaculates and urinates on the teen's face, and asphyxiates her with a bag while yelling that Richard Ramirez is his "God". Tracking the killer is obnoxious Channel 5 Action News reporter Roberto Negro, who has been receiving taunting letters from the murderer, most of them containing rants about how he worships Satan.
The killer and two accomplices (one of them initially reluctant) attack a pregnant housewife, filming themselves pummeling and raping her at gunpoint. When the trio finish, they shoot the woman and her dog. Roberto reports on the housewife's death, and while the authorities refuse to confirm there is a serial killer on the loose, Roberto is convinced there is.
Spotting a woman having car trouble, the killer and his partners pull up in their van, force her into the vehicle, and take her to their hideout, the interior of which is covered in Satanic graffiti. The woman is filmed being abused, raped and stabbed, with the killer smearing her blood on himself and the walls of the room. An envelope containing a knife, a gun and another note is sent to Roberto, and the police acquire clues from these items. Another package, this one containing a VHS tape, is dropped off at Roberto's office. The tape is a tribute to the killer, showing two of his fans brutalizing and sexually assaulting a woman. Roberto recognizes one of the copycats as a gas station attendant, who the police arrest.
In a newscast, Roberto states that the copycat, his partner and the original murderer's accomplices have been apprehended, but the lead killer is still at large. Elsewhere, two men recognize the serial killer when he walks by them on the street, and chase him, being joined by several others. The killer is cornered in an alleyway, and beat and stabbed to death by the angry mob. Roberto finds the man's body, kicks it twice, and walks away.
Reception.
The crew of the television series "Frontline" stormed off in disgust while visiting the set of the film for their documentary "American Porn". Paul Fishbein, president of AVN, referred to "Forced Entry" and the rest of the Extreme Associates library as "horrible, unwatchable, disgusting, aberrant movies". 
The Village Voice stated the film is "The most violent porno I've seen. It's both shocking and completely banal" while Adult FYI wrote "It's brutal. More than that, it's terribly evil. Convincing. Incredibly well acted and directed". A score of six out of ten was awarded by Cyberspace Adult Video Reviews, which concluded its review with "They have every right to make and sell this tape. It is a shame that these very talented people would waste their time on this. Can you imagine the good stuff they could be doing?" 
"Forced Entry" was described as "a disturbing piece of hardcore, made by and for some very disturbed people" by Recarts Movies Erotica, which said that while the acting was good and it succeeded in creating physical and sexual tension, it suffered from cheesy effects and editing, inconsistent camerawork, and poor production values. Adult Industry News decried "Forced Entry" as a borderline snuff film, writing "promoting violence and/or making (or trying to make) rape look sexy is very disturbing" and "movies like this are more than controversial, they are bad for the adult film business". 

</doc>
<doc id="18505641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505641" title="Hoplocorypha saussurii">
Hoplocorypha saussurii

Hoplocorypha saussurii is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya, Namibia, and Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="18505650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505650" title="Darjan Petrič">
Darjan Petrič

Darjan Petrič (born August 24, 1964 in Kranj, Slovenia) is a former Slovenian freestyle swimmer, who represented Yugoslavia in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1980. He is the brother of swimmer Borut Petrič, the youngest participant (14 years, 325 days) at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18505662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505662" title="UEFA Women's Under-17 Championship">
UEFA Women's Under-17 Championship

The UEFA Women's Under-17 Championship is a European championship football tournament, organized by UEFA, for national teams of women under age seventeen. The tournament was first played out in 2007–08, having been approved by the UEFA Executive Committee on 22 May 2006. It is also a FIFA U-17 Women’s World Cup qualifying competition. National under-17 teams whose countries belong to the European governing body UEFA can register to enter the competition. Germany has won the most titles and also are the current holders.
Format.
After two qualifying rounds, open to all eligible nations, four teams qualify for the final stage. They face in the semi-finals, with the winners contesting the final.
In 2011 it was announced, that the tournament will be expanded to eight teams.
Results.
Finals so far. 
Comprehensive team results by tournament.
For each tournament, the number of teams in each finals tournament (in brackets) are shown.

</doc>
<doc id="18505672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505672" title="Forced Entry (1975 film)">
Forced Entry (1975 film)

Forced Entry is a 1975 horror film by director Jim Sotos. The film is an R-Rated remake of a 1973 pornographic film of the same name by director Shaun Costello.
The film is also known as "Last Victim".
Plot.
A maniac with a history of child abuse takes to murdering women. 

</doc>
<doc id="18505679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505679" title="Alex Hua Tian">
Alex Hua Tian

Alex Hua Tian (; born October 25, 1989 in London, England, United Kingdom) is an Olympic equestrian sportsman for China.
He was born in London to a Chinese father and a British mother, and has a brother, called Jamie Hua Ming. Alex started riding aged four while living in Beijing and later Hong Kong. His family moved to Wiltshire when he was 11 where Alex went to Chafyn Grove School followed by Eton College.
He is the only Chinese event rider competing internationally. Alex took a year out of his studies at Eton to prepare for the 2008 Olympics in Beijing. He qualified four horses between October 2007 and May 2008. Although as a host nation competitor he only needed to achieve a minimum standard, he qualified in his own right through the rankings as the youngest ever Olympic event rider. In mid-2008 he achieved a ranking of 21st in the world.
He was coached by the former world champion Clayton Fredericks and his wife Lucinda Fredericks, who won the Burghley Horse Trials 2006 and Badminton Horse Trials 2007, at their base in Wiltshire, and by Jane Gregory, British Olympic Dressage Team 1996 and 2008.
Having returned to Eton to complete his studies, Alex won a place at Bristol University to study Aerotechnology Engineering, which he postponed for three years to concentrate on working toward competing in London 2012. At Blenheim International Horse Trials 2009 Alex won the Best under-25 Prize and qualified for the World Equestrian Games in Lexington, September 2010. In November 2009, Alex won the inaugural HSBC Rising Star Award, presented to him in Copenhagen by Princess Haya, President of the International Equestrian Federation at the 'Oscars of Equestrian Sport'.

</doc>
<doc id="18505681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505681" title="Hoplocorypha ugandana">
Hoplocorypha ugandana

Hoplocorypha ugandana is a species of praying mantis found in Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="18505682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505682" title="Dave Roberts (first baseman)">
Dave Roberts (first baseman)

David Leonard Roberts is a former Major League Baseball first baseman who played 22 seasons of professional baseball. Of all professional baseball players whose careers began in 1952 only Hank Aaron had a longer career.
Minor leagues.
Roberts started out in class C ball with the Porterville Comets of the Southwest International League in . He was purchased by the St. Louis Browns on October 10, 1953, less than a month before the Browns would officially become the Baltimore Orioles. It was to be the last transaction made in St. Louis Browns franchise history. After a strong 1955 season in Class AA ball playing first base opposite Brooks Robinson at third for the San Antonio Missions in the Texas League, Roberts was demoted back to Class A ball in 1957 when another Texas league team refused to play against any team with black players. He had played ten seasons in the minors before finally getting a shot at the majors with the Houston Colt .45s expansion team in .
Roberts ended his American professional baseball career with the Columbus Jets in 1966.
Major leagues.
Roberts' major league career was uneventful. Between stints with the Oklahoma City 89ers, he collected just 178 at bats with Houston, playing mostly first base, but also some outfield. In 1966, he got one final shot at the majors with the Pittsburgh Pirates, but went just 2-for-16 and was out of the majors for good.
Japanese leagues.
In , Roberts made his way to the Sankei Atoms of the Japanese Central League. He made the all star team in 1968 and became the first "gaijin" to hit 40 home runs. He was an all-star in 1969, 1971 and 1972. In 1971, he set the record for home runs by a "gaijin" at 145. He played for them until , when he lost his job to the newly-signed Joe Pepitone. (Pepitone lasted 14 games. His name came to be used to mean "goof off" in Japanese vernacular). Roberts played one more season for the Kintetsu Buffaloes before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="18505695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505695" title="Hoplocorypha striata">
Hoplocorypha striata

Hoplocorypha striata is a species of praying mantis found in Namibia.

</doc>
<doc id="18505697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505697" title="Alcoholism in family systems">
Alcoholism in family systems

Alcoholism in family systems refers to the conditions in families that enable alcoholism, and the effects of alcoholic behavior by one or more family members on the rest of the family. Mental health professionals are increasingly considering alcoholism and addiction as diseases that flourish in and are enabled by family systems. Family members react to the alcoholic with particular behavioral patterns. They may enable the addiction to continue by shielding the addict from the negative consequences of his actions. Such behaviors are referred to as codependence. In this way, the alcoholic is said to suffer from the disease of addiction, whereas the family members suffer from the disease of codependence.
Alcoholism is one of the leading causes of a dysfunctional family. As of 2001, there were an estimated 26.8 million children of alcoholics (COAs) in the United States, with as many as 11 million of them under the age of 18. Children of addicts have an increased suicide rate and on average have total health care costs 32 percent greater than children of nonalcoholic families.
According to the American Psychiatric Association, physicians stated three criteria to diagnose this disease: (1) physiological problems, such as hand tremors and blackouts, (2) psychological problems, such as excessive desire to drink, and (3) behavioral problems that disrupt social interaction or work performance.
Adults from alcoholic families experience higher levels of state and trait anxiety and lower levels of differentiation of self than adults raised in non-alcoholic families. Additionally, adult children of alcoholics have lower self-esteem, excessive feelings of responsibility, difficulties reaching out, higher incidence of depression, and increased likelihood of becoming alcoholics.
Parental alcoholism may affect the fetus even before a child is born. In pregnant women, alcohol is carried to all of the mother’s organs and tissues, including the placenta, where it easily crosses through the membrane separating the maternal and fetal blood systems. When a pregnant woman drinks an alcoholic beverage, the concentration of alcohol in her unborn baby’s bloodstream is the same level as her own. A pregnant woman who consumes alcohol during her pregnancy may give birth to a baby with Fetal Alcohol Syndrome (FAS). FAS (fetal alcohol syndrome) is known to produce children with damage to the central nervous system, general growth and facial features. The prevalence of this class of disorder is thought to be between 2-5 per 1000.
Alcoholism does not have uniform effects on all families. The levels of dysfunction and resiliency of the non-alcoholic adults are important factors in effects on children in the family. Children of untreated alcoholics score lower on measures of family cohesion, intellectual-cultural orientation, active-recreational orientation, and independence. They have higher levels of conflict within the family, and many experience other family members as distant and non-communicative. In families with untreated alcoholics, the cumulative effect of the family dysfunction may affect the children's ability to grow in developmentally healthy ways.
Prevalence.
Based on the number of children with parents meeting the DSM-III-R criteria for alcohol abuse or alcohol dependence, in 1996 there were an estimated 26.8 million children of alcoholics (COAs) in the United States of which 11 million were under the age of 18. As of 1988, it was estimated that 76 million Americans, about 43% of the U.S. adult population, have been exposed to alcoholism or problem drinking in the family, either having grown up with an alcoholic, having an alcoholic blood relative, or marrying an alcoholic. While growing up, nearly one in five adult Americans (18%) lived with an alcoholic. In 1992, it was estimated that one in eight adult American drinkers were alcoholics or experienced problems as consequences of their alcohol use.
Familiality.
Children of alcoholics (COAs) are more susceptible to alcoholism and other drug abuse than children of non-alcoholics. Children of alcoholics are four times more likely than non-COAs to develop alcoholism. Both genetic and environmental factors influence the development of alcoholism in COAS.
COAs perceptions of their parents drinking habits influence their own future drinking patterns and are developed at an early age. Alcohol related expectancies are correlated with parental alcoholism and alcohol abuse among their offspring. Problem solving discussions in families with an alcoholic parent contained more negative family interactions than in families with non-alcoholics parents. Several factors related to parental alcoholism influence COA substance abuse including stress, negative affect and decreased parental monitoring. Impaired parental monitoring and negative affect correlate with COAs associating with peers that support drug use.
After drinking alcohol, sons of alcoholics experience more of the physiological changes associated with pleasurable effects compared with sons of non-alcoholics, although only immediately after drinking.
Compared with non-alcoholic families, alcoholic families demonstrate poorer problem-solving abilities, both among the parents and within the family as a whole. These communication problems many contribute to the escalation of conflicts in alcoholic families. COAs are more likely than non-COAs to be aggressive, impulsive, and engage in disruptive and sensation seeking behaviors.
Alcohol addiction is a complex disease that results from a variety of genetic, social, and environmental influences. Alcoholism affected approximately 4.65 percent of the U.S. population in 2001-2002, producing severe economic, social, and medical ramifications (Grant 2004). Researchers estimate that between 50 and 60 percent of alcoholism risk is determined by genetics (Goldman and Bergen 1998; McGue 1999).This strong genetic component has sparked numerous linkage and association studies investigating the roles of chromosomal regions and genetic variants in determining alcoholism susceptibility.
Marital relationships.
Alcoholism usually has strong negative effects on marital relationships. Separated and divorced men and women were three times as likely as married men and women to say they had been married to an alcoholic or problem drinker. Almost two-thirds of separated and divorced women, and almost half of separated or divorced men under age 46 have been exposed to alcoholism in the family at some time.
Exposure was higher among women (46.2 percent) than among men (38.9 percent) and declined with age. Exposure to alcoholism in the family was strongly related to marital status, independent of age: 55.5 percent of separated or divorced adults had been exposed to alcoholism in some family member, compared with 43.5 percent of married, 38.5 percent of never married, and 35.5 percent of widowed persons. Nearly 38 percent of separated or divorced women had been married to an alcoholic, but only about 12 percent of currently married women were married to an alcoholic.
Children.
Prevalence of abuse.
Over one million children yearly are confirmed as victims of child abuse and neglect by state child protective service agencies. Substance abuse is one of the two largest problems affecting families in the United States, being a factor in nearly four-fifths of reported cases. Alcoholism is more prevalent among child abusing parents. Alcoholism is more strongly correlated to child abuse than depression and other disorders.
Adoption plays only a slight role in alcoholism in the family. Studies were done comparing children who were born into a family with an alcoholic parent and raised by adoptive (non-alcoholic) parents as compared to children born to non-alcoholic parents and raised by adopted alcoholic parents. The results (in US and Scandinavian studies) were that those adopted children born of an alcoholic parent (and adopted by non-alcoholic parents ) developed alcoholism at higher rates as adults.
Correlates.
Children of alcoholics exhibit symptoms of depression and anxiety more than children of non-alcoholics. COAs have lower self-esteem than non-COAs from childhood through young adulthood. Children of alcoholics show more symptoms of anxiety, depression, and externalizing behavior disorders than non-COAs. Some of these symptoms include crying, lack of friends, fear of going to school, nightmares, perfectionism, hoarding, and excessive self-consciousness.
Many children of alcoholics score lower on tests measuring cognitive and verbal skills than non-COAs. Lacking requisite skills to express themselves can impact academic performance, relationships, and job interviews. The lack of these skills do not, however, imply that COAs are intellectually impaired. COAs are also shown to have difficulty with abstraction and conceptual reasoning, both of which play an important role in problem-solving academically and otherwise.
In her book "Adult Children of Alcoholics", Janet G. Woititz describes numerous traits common among adults who had an alcoholic parent. Although not necessarily universal or comprehensive, these traits constitute an "adult children of alcoholics syndrome" (cf. the work of Wayne Kritsberg).
Treatment.
Suggested practices to mitigate the impact of parental alcoholism on the development of their children include:
Pregnancy.
Prenatal alcohol-related effects can occur with moderate levels of alcohol consumption by non-alcoholic and alcoholic women. Cognitive performance in infants and children is not as impacted by mothers who stopped alcohol consumption early in pregnancy, even if it was resumed after giving birth.
An analysis of six year-olds with alcohol exposure during the second-trimester of pregnancy showed lower academic performance and problems with reading, spelling, and mathematical skills. 6% of offspring from alcoholic mothers have Fetal Alcohol Syndrome (FAS). The risk an offspring born to an alcoholic mothers having FAS increases from 6% to 70% if the mother's previous child had FAS.
People diagnosed with FAS have IQs ranging from 20-105 (with a mean of 68), and demonstrate poor concentration and attention skills. FAS causes growth deficits, morphological abnormalities, mental retardation, and behavioral difficulties. Among adolescents and adults, those with FAS are more likely to have mental health problems, dropping out or be suspended from schools, problems with the law, require assisted living as an adult, and problems with maintaining employment.

</doc>
<doc id="18505701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505701" title="Hoplocorypha nigerica">
Hoplocorypha nigerica

Hoplocorypha nigerica is a species of praying mantis found in Burkina Faso, Ghana, and Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="18505703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505703" title="Luke and Q">
Luke and Q

Luke and Q are an African-American R&B duo from New Orleans, United States best known for their 2006 hit single, "My Turn". The members include Luke Boyd (now known as Luke James) and Quinten Spears.
The duo met in eighth-grade when Luke overheard Q singing Ginuwine's, "Same Ol' G". As Luke recalls, "I was, like, You can sing, dog, but you may want to flip it," who then belted his version. They joined another childhood friend and formed a trio called Upskale, but the group disbanded almost as quickly as it began. The duo then began performing at local events, eventually singing background for R&B superstar, Tyrese.
Through Tyrese, they met production duo Damon Thomas and Harvey Mason Jr. of The Underdogs for Underdog Entertainment, and were introduced to Clive Davis who subsequently signed them to the J Records imprint in 2004. They released their debut song called, "My Turn". They have been inactive in the mainstream music business since.

</doc>
<doc id="18505704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505704" title="Cocaine Coup">
Cocaine Coup

Cocaine Coup is a term that has been applied to:

</doc>
<doc id="18505715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505715" title="Hoplocorypha turneri">
Hoplocorypha turneri

Hoplocorypha turneri is a species of praying mantis found in Namibia.

</doc>
<doc id="18505718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505718" title="Mendy Fry">
Mendy Fry

Mendy Fry (born May 24, 1969 in Santa Rosa, California) is an American dragster and funny car driver competing in the NHRA. Under the tutelage of her father Ron Fry, she began driving quarter-midget sprint cars at age 4. As a teenager, she campaigned in the NHRA Top Alcohol Dragster class. She is the only female drag racer to record a 5-second 1/4 mile elapsed time in a front-engined Top Fuel dragster as well as the only distaff member of the exclusive "Nostalgia Top Fuel 250 mph Club".
Early racing career.
In 1988 in Fremont, California, at age 18 she became the planet's quickest drag racing driver in the Top Alcohol Dragster class. Driving a dragster she built with her father, Fry recorded an unprecedented 6.15 second elapsed time, backed up with a top speed of 220 mph. The motorsports press labeled the run "unbelievable".
World's Fastest Street Rod Wars.
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Mendy raced her father's blown and injected 1927 Ford roadster in the Super Street class under the NDRA/STREET RODDER MAGAZINE Series. Her toughest competition came from Steve Castelli (1941 Willys), Cole Cutler (1934 Ford Coupe), "Fat Jack" Robinson (1946 Ford Sedan Delivery) and Ray Castor. Fry faced, and defeated them all during those Halcyon days of vintage drag racing as a teenager. During this time, Fry alternated between the Super Street class and NHRA's Top Alcohol class. In August 1990, she and her father Ron went back to Indianapolis to the Goodguys Hot Rod Nationals to compete with the '27 Ford, eventually winning that event.
Goodguys VRA Series.
2001.
After a decade long hiatus from the sport of drag racing, Mendy returned to driving dragsters at the 42nd Goodguys March Meet in Bakersfield, California. In her comeback at the wheel of Ron Johnson's alcohol-fueled dragster, Fry advanced to the semi-final round of competition in the Junior Fuel class.
2004.
In October, at the NHRA California Hot Reunion, Fry became the first female dragster driver to record a 5-second elapsed time in a AA/Fuel Dragster (or "Nostalgia Top Fuel car"). Concurrent to her recording a 5.87 quarter mile elapsed time, she also clocked a Top Speed of 251 mph, numbers which earned her entry into the Nostalgia Top Fuel 250 Mph Club.
2006.
Fry was hired to drive the "Jennings & Scheele" AA/Fuel Dragster. Using a Chevrolet motor in a drag racing class dominated by Chrysler Hemi engines, in competition at the NHRA Hot Rod Reunion, established a new mark for Chevy-powered Nostalgia Top Fuelers, when she stopped the clocks with a 5.85 elapsed time.
NHRA Hot Rod Heritage Series.
2008.
Fry began the year campaigning the "Future Flash" Nitro Funny Car in the NHRA's Hot Rod Heritage Series. After a runner-up finish at the "Las Vegas Speed Spectacular" in May, Fry and the "Future Flash" entry progressed to 1st in Series Points, this despite a final round crash that resulted in the "Future Flash" withdrawing from further competition for the remainder of the year.
After missing a crucial Points Race in Boise because of the "Future Flash"'s non-participation, in September Fry resumed racing in the Nostalgia Funny Car class, signing on with the "McCain's Bomb Squad" Nitro Funny Car, finishing the year 5th in points.
2012.
Fry is campaigning the "Forever Young" dragster, and is in 2nd place while contending for the 2012 Heritage Series Top Fuel Points Championship.
2014.
After a one-year hiatus, in 2014 Fry returned to competition in NHRA's Heritage Series and assumed the driver's job for "Smokey's Darkside" Nitro Funny Car, a 1978 Dodge Challenger powered by a supercharged Arias engine, a “hemi-heads-on-a-Chevy-block” combination unique to the class.

</doc>
<doc id="18505721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505721" title="Wooding">
Wooding

Wooding is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18505726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505726" title="Michael Tobias Design">
Michael Tobias Design

Michael Tobias Design (MTD) is a Kingston, New York-based manufacturer of electric bass guitars founded by luthier Michael Tobias in 1994.
Tobias, along with two part-time helpers, currently builds about 10 electric basses per month at his shop in Woodstock, New York. MTD's Kingston, Heir, and Saratoga basses are manufactured in China to Tobias's specifications. Tobias also designs and develops electric and acoustic basses in collaboration with musical instrument makers that have included Lakland, Modulus, Alvarez, Brian Moore, and American Showster. 
MTD is a successor to Tobias Guitars, established in Orlando, Florida in April 1977 and sold to Gibson Guitar Corporation in 1990. Following the sale, Tobias moved to Kingston, New York, where he began building basses under the Eclipse name before settling on "MTD" (Michael Tobias Design) for the company name and trademark.
MTD handmade American basses are come in 35 inch-scale 4-, 5-, 6-, and 7-string models and are available in a variety of configurations. Necks are made from maple or ash with a rosewood fingerboard. Wood bodies are made from medium weight ash, domestic tulip wood (aka Eastern yellow poplar), alder, and mahogany. MTD bodies and necks are ergonomically carved to allow access to the instrument's extended scale and feature an asymmetrical neck, a design where the neck is thinner on the lower side than the upper. Pickups and active electronics are a proprietary design for MTD made by Bill Bartolini. All currently manufactured MTD basses, including Kingston basses, employ the Buzz Feiten Tuning System.
Lower-priced Chinese-made MTD Kingston bases include the Precision Bass-inspired CRB (or "classic rock bass") and the Kingston Saratoga bass, billed as "a modern re-imagining" of a classic Jazz-style base. Features of the MTD Kingston basses include an ergonomic body shape and asymmetrical neck. 

</doc>
<doc id="18505727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505727" title="Hoplocorypha narocana">
Hoplocorypha narocana

Hoplocorypha narocana is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Tanzania, Chad, and Zambia.

</doc>
<doc id="18505731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505731" title="Mandriva Directory Server">
Mandriva Directory Server

Mandriva Directory Server (MDS) is an LDAP server developed by Mandriva. This is similar to Fedora Directory Server, Red Hat Directory Server, Novell eDirectory etc. for managing resources & infrastructure within the network.

</doc>
<doc id="18505732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505732" title="Tom Thumb House (Middleborough, Massachusetts)">
Tom Thumb House (Middleborough, Massachusetts)

Tom Thumb House is an historic house at 351 Plymouth Street in Middleborough, Massachusetts.
The house was the home of General Tom Thumb, the entertainer. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18505734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505734" title="One Step Further">
One Step Further

"One Step Further", written by Simon Jefferis, was the United Kingdom's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1982, performed by the duo Bardo, comprising Sally Ann Triplett and Stephen Fischer.
Background.
Bardo won the right to perform at Harrogate by winning the UK national final, "A Song for Europe", where they were the seventh act to perform. On the day of the contest, bookmakers Ladbrokes rated the song as the favourite to win at odds of 5-2. Commentator, Terry Wogan also thought the song would be the "outright winner". DJ and well-known Eurovision fan, John Peel stated in an interview that "One Step Further" was his favourite Eurovision song of all time. 
At Harrogate, the song was performed fourth on the night, following Norway's Jahn Teigen and Anita Skorgan with "Adieu" and preceding Turkey's Neco with "Hani?". At the end of judging that evening, "One Step Further" took the seventh-place slot with 76 points. Luxembourg and Austria both awarded the UK 12 points that night.
During Preview Week, the music video involved the two going on a date at London's Covent Garden market, viewing, among other things, the vendors and shops in the centre, a Punch and Judy puppet show and animals doing special tricks. 
At the night of the Contest itself, the orchestra played the tune in a retro style; the song related the singers' nervousness about seeing one another as they both fancy each other. They are so afraid of being embarrassed, however, that they don't do anything about their feelings. They both lament that if they only took "one step further," they would have been able to conquer these fears. The single version and subsequent live versions used many electronic musical instruments popular in the early 1980s and had more of a contemporary feel than many Eurovision entries. Despite containing a grammatic faux pas ("I could have "tooken" one step further"), the BBC did not request that 'proper' English was performed at the contest as they had with previous examples of bad grammar in UK entries.
After Eurovision, the song was placed at #2 on the UK Singles Chart, which would be the highest chart placing for a UK Eurovision entry until 1996. The song was the 75th highest selling single of 1982 in the UK, achieving a Silver disc for sales of over 250,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18505735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505735" title="List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Korea">
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Korea

The Roman Catholic Church in Korea is composed of three archdioceses and 14 suffragan dioceses. 

</doc>
<doc id="18505736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505736" title="Hoplocorypha nana">
Hoplocorypha nana

Hoplocorypha nana is a species of praying mantis found in Uganda and Zululand. 

</doc>
<doc id="18505739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505739" title="The Call of the Wild (1935 film)">
The Call of the Wild (1935 film)

The Call of the Wild is a 1935 American adventure film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Clark Gable, Loretta Young, and Jack Oakie. Based on Jack London's novel of the same name, the film omits all but one of the book's story lines.
Plot.
A prospector heading for the Alaska gold fields loses most of his money gambling. His luck changes when he pays $250 for a sled dog to keep him from being shot by an arrogant Englishman, who is also headed for the Yukon. The prospector and his friend head off for the Yukon with a map showing the location of a major gold mine. Along the way, they rescue a woman whose missing husband owned the original map. After the dog wins them a thousand dollars used to purchase supplies, the three continue north in search of the gold mine.
This was the last film released under the 20th Century Pictures' banner before it merged with Fox Film Corporation to create 20th Century-Fox.
Production.
During the filming of "The Call of the Wild", Clark Gable and Loretta Young had an affair that resulted in Young's hushed-up pregnancy and the birth of their daughter Judy Lewis (1935-2011).

</doc>
<doc id="18505740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505740" title="Garðar Jóhannsson">
Garðar Jóhannsson

Garðar Jóhannsson (born 1 April 1980 in Garðabær) is an Icelandic football striker who currently plays for the Icelandic club Stjarnan FC.
Career.
Fredrikstad bought Garðar for 2 million NOK in August 2006, only a month after he was bought for 100.000 NOK by an Icelandic club. Because Garðar had played for KR Reykjavík and Valur after 1 July 2006, he had to wait almost one year before he could play matches for Fredrikstad.
Garðar made his debut in Tippeligaen against Vålerenga on 26 May 2007, where he scored the only goal of the match. He scored 18 goals in 58 matches for Fredrikstad. On 22 January 2010, he joined 2. Bundesliga club Hansa Rostock.
Garðar later played for Strømsgodset, where he played six matches and scored one goal in the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18505743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505743" title="Pembroke Friends Meetinghouse">
Pembroke Friends Meetinghouse

Pembroke Friends Meetinghouse is an historic Quaker church at Washington Street and Schoosett Street in Pembroke, Plymouth County, Massachusetts.
The meeting house was built in 1706 by Robert Barker with later 19th-century additions. It is the oldest Quaker meetinghouse in Massachusetts and the third oldest in the United States. This meetinghouse was used by local Quakers from 1706 until 1874 when the meetinghouse was closed and the Quaker meeting was moved to the Sandwich Meeting. Today the Meetinghouse is owned by the Pembroke Historical Society and is used during the summer months by area Quakers.

</doc>
<doc id="18505750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505750" title="Hoplocorypha mellea">
Hoplocorypha mellea

Hoplocorypha mellea is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia, Kenya, and Tanzania. 

</doc>
<doc id="18505754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505754" title="Hillside (Plymouth, Massachusetts)">
Hillside (Plymouth, Massachusetts)

Hillside is an historic site at 230 Summer Street in Plymouth, Massachusetts.
The site was built in 1845 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
References.
Unfortunately Hillside although once a vacation spot for Thoreau, now is owned by a drunk who sold off a large portion of the estate as development land in the 90's.

</doc>
<doc id="18505759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505759" title="Works by George Bernard Shaw">
Works by George Bernard Shaw

This is a list of George Bernard Shaw's writings.
Novels.
¹All of the novels are included in "The Standard Edition of the Works of Bernard Shaw"; a collection published by Constable and Company, Limited (London)

</doc>
<doc id="18505761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505761" title="Congregation of the Feuillants">
Congregation of the Feuillants

The Feuillants were a Roman Catholic congregation, originating in the 1570s as a reform of the Cistercian life in Les Feuillants Abbey in France but soon after declared an independent order, which in 1630 separated into the French branch (the Congregation of Notre-Dame des Feuillants) and the Italian branch (the Reformed Bernardines or "Bernardoni"). The French order was suppressed in 1791 during the French Revolution. The Italian order later rejoined the Cistercians.
History.
Les Feuillants Abbey, the Cistercian abbey near Toulouse (Haute-Garonne) from which the order took its name, dated from 1145. It passed into the hands of commendatory abbots in 1493, and in that way came in 1562 to Jean de la Barrière (1544-1600). After his nomination he went to Paris to continue his studies, and then began his lifelong friendship with Arnaud d'Ossat, later cardinal. In 1573 Barrière, having decided to introduce a reform into his abbey, became a novice there himself, and after obtaining the necessary dispensations, made his solemn profession and was ordained priest, some time after 8 May 1573. 
His was not an easy task. The twelve monks at Les Feuillants, despite the example and exhortations of their abbot, refused to accept the reform, which they disliked so greatly that they tried to poison him. Their resistance, however, was futile. In 1577 Barrière received the abbatial benediction, re-stated his intention of reforming his monastery, and made the members of the community understand that they had either to accept the reform or leave the abbey; most chose to do the latter and dispersed to various other Cistercian houses, leaving a community of five persons: two professed clerics, two novices, and Barrière himself.
The reform that caused such strong feeling consisted of an ascetic interpretation of the Cistercian rule in its most rigid sense and in many ways exceeded even that.
In addition, silence and manual labour were prized. Despite, or perhaps because of, this austere regime, the community grew with the admission of fervent postulants.
In 1581 Barrière received from Pope Gregory XIII a brief of commendation and in 1589 one of confirmation, which established the Feuillants as a congregation separate from the Cistercian order, the abbots and general chapters of which mostly opposed it fiercely. Their opposition did not prevent the reform from flourishing.
In 1587 Pope Sixtus V called the Feuillants to Rome, where he gave them the Church of Santa Pudentiana. In the same year, King Henry III of France built for them the monastery of St. Bernard, more commonly known as the Convent of the Feuillants ("Saint-Bernard-de-la-Pénitence" or the "Couvent des Feuillants"), with its church, the "Église des Feuillants", in the Rue Saint-Honoré, Paris. In 1590, however, the religious wars brought dissension: while Barrière remained loyal to Henry III, the majority of his religious declared for the Catholic League, in which they were extremely active: Bernard de Montgaillard, known as the "Petit Feuillant", particularly stood out by the vehemence of his sermons. Once the troubles were over, the Feuillants nevertheless enjoyed the favour of the new King, Henry IV, whom they had previously opposed.
Barrière however had been condemned in 1592 as a traitor to the Catholic cause, deposed, and reduced to lay communion. Only in 1600, through the efforts of Cardinal Bellarmine, was he exonerated and reinstated, but he died early in the same year in the arms of his friend Cardinal d'Ossat. 
Monks such as Dom Sans de Sainte-Catherine and Dom Eustache de Saint-Paul became notable as great spiritual directors during what Brémond has called "l'invasion mystique" ("the mystical invasion").
In 1595 Pope Clement VIII exempted the reform from all jurisdiction on the part of Cistercian abbots, and allowed the Feuillants to draw up new constitutions, containing some relaxations of the initial austerities. These were approved the same year.
In 1598 the Feuillants took possession of a second monastery in Rome, San Bernardo alle Terme. In 1630 Pope Urban VIII divided the congregation into two entirely separate branches: one in France, under the title of the Congregation of Notre-Dame des Feuillants; and one in Italy, under the name of Bernardoni or Reformed Bernardines. In 1634 the Feuillants of France, and in 1667 the Bernardines of Italy, further modified the constitutions of 1595. 
During the French Revolution, in 1791, when the Feuillants were suppressed along with the other religious orders of France, the congregation had twenty-four abbeys in France, but not more than 162 members. The Reformed Bernardines of Italy eventually rejoined the Cistercian order.
The order also had women religious, known as the Feuillantines, established in 1588 and abolished in 1791, who had only two houses, one founded at Montesquieu-Volvestre in 1588 and later moved to Toulouse, and the other founded in Paris in 1622 in the Faubourg Saint-Jacques.
The Constituante of 1789-1791 took the former monastic premises in Paris for its offices. The buildings were also used for their meetings by, and gave their name to, the conservative Club des Feuillants, a political club (1791-1792) which united moderates and constitutional monarchists. From 10 to 12 August 1792 the former monastery accommodated Louis XVI and his family.
Notable members.
Some of the more distinguished Feuillants were:
Monasteries.
Among the congregation's houses were:

</doc>
<doc id="18505765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505765" title="Hoplocorypha nigra">
Hoplocorypha nigra

Hoplocorypha nigra is a species of praying mantis found in the region of the Congo River. 

</doc>
<doc id="18505770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505770" title="East Rochester Church and Cemetery Historic District">
East Rochester Church and Cemetery Historic District

East Rochester Church and Cemetery Historic District is a historic district at 355 County Road in Rochester, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18505775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505775" title="Hoplocorypha boviformis">
Hoplocorypha boviformis

Hoplocorypha boviformis is a species of praying mantis found in Angola.

</doc>
<doc id="18505777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505777" title="North Rochester Congregational Church">
North Rochester Congregational Church

North Rochester Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church at 289 North Avenue in Rochester, Massachusetts.
The church was founded in 1790. The current church building, a Greek Revival structure designed by Solomon K. Eaton, was built in 1841. Still home to an active congregation, the church was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18505781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505781" title="Willie Fotheringham">
Willie Fotheringham

Willie Fotheringham was a Larkhall born goalkeeper who made over 700 appearances during his career with St Mirren, Dundee, Morton, Airdrieonians and Queen of the South.
St Mirren, Dundee, Morton and Airdrieonians.
Fotheringham joined Airdrieonians in 1919.
Queen of the South.
Fotheringham signed for Dumfries club Queen of the South in 1933 and was part of many landmark events in the history of Queen of the South
In his last season at Queens he saw off a challenge for the goalkeeper's jersey by Reuben Bennett.
In one game for Queens away to Arbroath Fotheringham left behind his false teeth in the goal mouth at the ground in error. The falsers were returned to Fotheringham via a fish delivery lorry from Arbroath.
Later years.
Fotheringham retired in 1937 and later on in life scouted for Queens bringing George 'Chopper' Dickson to Dumfries.

</doc>
<doc id="18505782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505782" title="Hoplocorypha brevicollis">
Hoplocorypha brevicollis

Hoplocorypha brevicollis is a species of praying mantis found in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18505785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505785" title="First Trinitarian Congregational Church">
First Trinitarian Congregational Church

First Trinitarian Congregational Church is an historic Congregational church at 381 Country Way in Scituate, Massachusetts; it is associated with the United Church of Christ.
The Classical Revival church building was constructed in 1826 after its congregation had left the First Parish Church of Scituate when it became Unitarian in theology. The church building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18505795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505795" title="Feuillant (political group)">
Feuillant (political group)

The Feuillants () were a political grouping that emerged during the French Revolution. It came into existence when the Jacobins split between moderates (Feuillants), who sought to preserve the position of the king and supported the proposed plan of the National Assembly for a constitutional monarchy, and radicals (Jacobins), who wished to press for a continuation of direct democratic action to overthrow Louis XVI. 
The Feuillant deputies publicly split with the Jacobins when they published a pamphlet on 16 July 1791, protesting the Jacobin plan to participate in the popular demonstrations against Louis XVI on the Champs de Mars the following day. Initially the group had 264 ex-Jacobin deputies as members, including most of the members of the correspondence committee. 
The group held meetings in a former monastery of the Feuillant monks on the Rue Saint-Honoré, in Paris, and came to be popularly called the "Club des Feuillants". They called themselves the "Amis de la Constitution". The group was led by Antoine Barnave, Alexandre de Lameth and Adrien Duport.
The Feuillant schism.
As the Constitution of 1791 began to take its final shape, many erstwhile radical deputies such as Le Chapelier and Barnave wished for the central role played by such popular societies as the Jacobins early in the French Revolution to come to an end. The activism of the People had been vital to the preservation of the Revolution in the early days of the National Assembly, but their purpose had been fulfilled, and it was time for direct democracy to give way to the leadership of elected representatives. This conviction was greatly affirmed with the Champs de Mars Massacre (17 July 1791). 
Within days, a mass exodus of moderate deputies abandoned the Jacobin club in favour of a new organisation, the Feuillant club. This new society would wage a struggle throughout the summer with the Jacobins for the allegiance of the provincial affiliates and the Parisian crowds, a contest they would ultimately lose. According to the Feuillant ethos, popular societies could have no other role than as meetings of friends to hold private political discussions; their meetings should never step across the threshold of their assemblies and evolve into concerted public political action. 
Le Chapelier, in his capacity as chairman of the Constitutional Committee, presented to the National Assembly in its final sessions a law restricting the rights of popular societies to undertake concerted political action, including the right to correspond with one another. It passed 30 September 1791. By the virtue of obeying this law, the moderate Feuillants embraced obsolescence; the radical Jacobins, by ignoring it, emerged as the most vital political force of the French Revolution.
The ascendency of the Feuillants.
In the wave of revulsion against popular movements that followed the Champs de Mars Massacre, Antoine Barnave, through his activity on the Committee of Revisions (charged with separating out the constitutional decrees from the ordinary legislation of the National Assembly) was able to ingratiate himself and his allies to Louis XVI by securing for the Crown such powers as appointments of ambassadors, army commanders, and ministers. The king returns the favour by taking Barnave as his chief advisor. At the opening of the Legislative Assembly, Louis XVI delivers a speech written by Barnave, and for the next six months France is governed by what is known as the Feuillant Ministry.
The end of the Feuillants.
In March 1792, in retaliation for their opposition to war with Austria the Feuillant ministers were forced out by the Girondins. Labelled by their opponents as royalists, they were targeted after the fall of the monarchy. In August 1792, a list of 841 members was published and they were arrested and tried for treason. Barnave was guillotined on 29 November 1793.
The name survived for a few months as an insulting label for moderates, royalists and aristocrats.
Views.
The Feuillant party was formed to protect a conception of power. Its goals were to neutralize royalists by gaining the support of the moderate right, to isolate the democrats from the majority of patriotic deputies, to withstand Jacobin influences, and to terminate societies that threatened the nation's independence of the National Assembly.
The Feuillant group was against passive citizens being enlisted in the National Guard. They believed the only way to have a strong army was for it to be structured. “By favoring elimination of “passive citizens” from the National Guard (April 27, 1791), remaining silent during the debate on the right to petition and post bills, opposing the political emancipation of the blacks (May 11–15, 1791), the triumvirs exhausted their popularity within the space of a few months”. The group knew if the political emancipation of blacks was passed the main source of France's income would be lost. The sugar fields in Saint-Domingue would be taken over and land would also be lost.

</doc>
<doc id="18505800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505800" title="Parc1 Tower A">
Parc1 Tower A

The Parc 1 Tower A is a supertall skyscraper under construction in Seoul, South Korea. It will stand 334 metres(1,095 ft) and contain 72 floors. 
Parc1 will be a US$1.5-billion shopping/hotel/office complex to be realized by Skylan Properties Korea Ltd., a foreign-invested property development and management services group with offices in Seoul, Beijing and Kuala Lumpur. Completion is slated for 2012. Morgan Stanley, a leading global investment bank, has been engaged as the financial advisor to arrange financing for the project. 
Parc1 is now being built on the current Tongil Parking Lot site, a 46,465 square metre piece of prime real estate set between financial and residential districts and bordering Yeouido Park.
With its combination of office towers, hotels and retail outlets, Parc1 aims to be the first facility in Seoul to offer visitors a venue for recreation, shopping and work, that will match top-of-the line complexes such as Pacific Place in Hong Kong and be comparable with those in regional hubs like Singapore and Dubai.
Designed by architect Lord Richard Rogers, chief architectural advisor to the mayor of London, the central structure will be a six-story glass mall, offering space for 400 stores.

</doc>
<doc id="18505802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505802" title="Whitman Park">
Whitman Park

Whitman Park is an historic park at Park, Maple, Whitman, Hayden Avenues in Whitman, Massachusetts.
The park was built in 1880 and added to the National Historic Register in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18505803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505803" title="Hoplocorypha hamulifera">
Hoplocorypha hamulifera

Hoplocorypha hamulifera is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River region. 

</doc>
<doc id="18505808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505808" title="Hoplocorypha wittei">
Hoplocorypha wittei

Hoplocorypha wittei is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18505809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505809" title="Tremont Nail Factory District">
Tremont Nail Factory District

Tremont Nail Factory District is an historic district at 21 Elm Street in Wareham, Massachusetts. It makes up the former area occupied by the former Tremont Nail Company.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18505816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505816" title="Hoplocorypha vittata">
Hoplocorypha vittata

Hoplocorypha vittata is a species of praying mantis found in Malawi and Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="18505818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505818" title="Tobey Homestead">
Tobey Homestead

Tobey Homestead is an historic farmhouse at Main Street and Sandwich Road in Wareham, Massachusetts.
The Second Empire/Federal style house was built in 1825 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18505830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505830" title="Citadel Arts Centre">
Citadel Arts Centre

The Citadel Arts Centre, commonly referred to as The Citadel, is a multi disciplinary arts centre situated in the centre of St Helens in Merseyside, England occupying a Victorian building on the corner of Waterloo Street and Milk Street. The centre offers an artistic programme consisting mainly of live music and community arts, as well as creative writing classes, art classes, dance and drama groups and music classes.
History.
The building was originally constructed in 1861 as a music hall/theatre simply named the 'Theatre Royal'. It replaced an unspecified earlier building on the site. The theatre originally had two balconies and a large stage with a small fly tower. It had capacity for over 1300 people. The remains of the second balcony can still be seen today. The theatre was popular with touring companies and despite numerous different owners it grew in popularity until the venue was deemed to be unfit for purpose.
In 1887 the manager, a Mr Wallace Revill, purchased and plot of land on Corporation Street in St Helens, and a new theatre was constructed. Revill vacated the Milk St building and took the name 'Theatre Royal' with him. The new Theatre Royal still stands.
The Salvation Army purchased the building in 1889 and began an extensive programme of refurbishments which removed the stage and fly tower, the upper balcony and also the boxes. This was furthered in 1904 when the building was altered even more. It was reopened by Col Pilkington, of the famous Glass manufacturers in June 1905. The building was used by the Salvation Army as their Citadel (from whence its new name came) up until the early 1980s. It was then put up for sale.
The Citadel.
Today The Citadel is the only Arts Centre in St Helens. From 1988 up until 1999 the venue primarily was a rock, blues and jazz venue and saw bands in their infancy such as The Stone Roses, The La's, The Verve and Cast take to the stage. Since a major refurbishment and restructuring in the year 2000, the organisation has changed considerably. As well as the music programme, The Citadel now offers an extensive range of inclusive creative arts. In 2002 the venue was voted as one of the top 10 jazz and blues venues in the UK by the newspaper, The Independent.
2008 saw the launch of the St Helens Choir, in coordination with St Helens Council and the Sing Out 08 promotion (part of the Liverpool Capital of Culture operation).
In 2009 The Citadel celebrated its 21st birthday with a special event with invited guests and members of the public. Also in 2009 The Citadel was awarded Big Lottery Young Peoples Fund 2 as part of the National Lottery (United Kingdom)'s ongoing Arts Council investment scheme to run its Music Mecca project.
2010 saw the launch of Music Mecca, a 3 year project designed to offer free music workshops to young people across the St Helens area. Music Mecca was one of the featured promotions for St Helens Festival.
People.
The Citadel is a registered charity and as such has a board of directors. The current chairman of the board is Mr Nick Taylor. Other members include Lady Kirsty Pilkington. The Citadel's current Chief Executive is Mrs Fay Lamb. There are a number of other full and part-time members of staff including the management team, front of house team, technical and bar staff. There is also a band of volunteers work within all aspects of the business.

</doc>
<doc id="18505831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505831" title="Mário Belarmino">
Mário Belarmino

Belarmino Mário Chipongue (born 22 September 1974 in Lubango) is a former Angolan basketball player.
Chipongue, a forward, was part of the Angola national basketball team at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2002 FIBA World Championship.
See also.
Angola national basketball team

</doc>
<doc id="18505832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505832" title="Albany Creek State High School">
Albany Creek State High School

Albany Creek State High School is a state secondary school located approximately 16 kilometres north of Brisbane in the suburb of Albany Creek. The school, occupying 15.9 hectares, is situated on the corner of Old Northern Road and Albany Forest Drive. The school is located in the Albany Creek / Albany Forest district of Moreton Bay Region. 

</doc>
<doc id="18505834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505834" title="Bradford House (Kingston, Massachusetts)">
Bradford House (Kingston, Massachusetts)

Bradford House is an historic house at 50 Landing Road in Kingston, Massachusetts. The Jones River Village Historical Society is located in the house, known as the Major John Bradford Homestead. 
The house was built in 1714 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18505840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505840" title="Hoplocorypha lobata">
Hoplocorypha lobata

Hoplocorypha lobata is a species of praying mantis found in Senegal. 

</doc>
<doc id="18505843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505843" title="Feliciano!">
Feliciano!

Feliciano! is a 1968 album by Puerto Rican guitarist José Feliciano.
It has been the most successful album of his career in the USA. It reached no. 2 and stayed for 59 weeks in the album charts (no. 25 end-of-year charts 1968 and no. 66 end-of-year 1969). It was no. 3 on the R&B charts in 1968 and no. 3 on the Jazz charts as well, and it went up to no. 1 in Canada and to no. 6 in the UK; it was nominated for a Grammy in 1969 as "Best Album of the Year" and producer Rick Jarrard received a nomination as best producer of the year, but Jose Feliciano actually won two Grammys as "Best New artist" and for "Best pop male song of the year" with the song "Light My Fire".
The cover of the album shows a drawing by George Bartell of the blind artist with his guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="18505858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505858" title="First Church of Christ, Congregational (Springfield, Massachusetts)">
First Church of Christ, Congregational (Springfield, Massachusetts)

First Church of Christ, Congregational, or Old First Church, is a historic church at 50 Elm Street in Springfield, Massachusetts. Built in 1819, the present structure is the fourth church building on the site, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. The church is within the Court Square Historic District
History.
The First Church was organized in 1637, the year following Springfield's founding by Puritan iconoclast and businessman, William Pynchon. The first church building was built in 1645 by Thomas Cooper, on what is now the southeast corner of Court Square. It had two towers: one for the bell, and the other to watch for approaching Indians. It was replaced in 1677 by the second meeting house, and the third was built in 1752. The third one was, in turn, replaced by the current building in 1819. 
Noted abolitionist Dr. Samuel Osgood was the pastor of the congregation from 1809 to 1854. It was during this time that the present building was visited by notable figures such as Daniel Webster and John Brown, who resided in Springfield for some time. In addition, Jenny Lind performed a concert in the church in July 1851, and in 1848, the body of President John Quincy Adams lay in state in the center aisle of the sanctuary.
Present Use.
Because of maintenance costs and dwindling membership, the First Church disbanded in 2007, after 370 years in existence. The building was sold to the City of Springfield for $900,000. In 2011, the roof of the building was damaged by the June 1st tornado that tore through Western Massachusetts, and was repaired by the city using federal funds. The city currently rents the building to a local congregation, Wellspring Church, which holds its Sunday services there. The building is also rented out for weddings and other functions. 
Architecture.
The church was designed by Isaac Damon (1781-1862), a noted Western Massachusetts architect from Northampton. During his career, he designed 13 churches, including the First Congregational Church of Blandford, Southwick Congregational Church, and the First Church of Northampton. 
From 1908 until 1970, the height of the steeple on the Old First Church (125 feet) was used as a legal limit for heights of buildings in Springfield, as per the order of the Massachusetts State Legislature in 1908, (the one exception being the Springfield Municipal Group, dedicated in 1913 by President William Howard Taft.) Thus, in Springfield, one finds fewer skyscrapers than one does in most comparable United States cities, (e.g. Hartford, Connecticut and Providence, Rhode Island.) 
The following paragraph, written by Springfield architect Eugene C. Gardner, illustrates the importance of the Old First Church to Springfield:

</doc>
<doc id="18505864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505864" title="First Congregational Church of Blandford">
First Congregational Church of Blandford

The First Congregational Church of Blandford (also known locally as the White Church) is a historic church building on North Street in the center of Blandford, Massachusetts. The church was built in 1822 by local builder Isaac Damon, based on designs he had seen by Charles Bulfinch and Asher Benjamin. The church's pulpit was originally placed near the door, so that late arrivals would face the congregation. During renovations this was reversed, placing the pulpit at the back of the building. In the 1990s the church was restored and acquired by the Blandford Historical Society. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18505875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505875" title="Agwu">
Agwu

Agwu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18505879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505879" title="First Congregational Church of East Longmeadow">
First Congregational Church of East Longmeadow

First Congregational Church of East Longmeadow is a historic church at 7 Somers Road in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts. It is the oldest church building in East Longmeadow, and houses its oldest congregation. The congregation was established in 1827, and the church was built the following year. It was originally located further up Somers Road, and was moved to its present location in 1859. At that time it also underwent some remodeling, adding stylistic details typical of the work of Charles Bulfinch. In addition to serving the congregation, the building was also used for town meetings until the construction of the town hall in 1882. The church interior was again remodeled in 1948, and in 1953 its basement was finished and the attached Fellowship Hall was built. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18505898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505898" title="Green Bay Southwest High School">
Green Bay Southwest High School

<
Green Bay Southwest High School is one of four public high schools located in Green Bay, Wisconsin, at 1331 Packerland Drive. The School has 118 faculty and 1427 students in grades 9 through 12. Southwest High School's school colors are blue and silver, and their mascot is the Trojan.
Academics.
Nearly half of Southwest's class of 2007 attended accredited four-year colleges (49%). The school offered 14 Advanced Placement courses in 2007, with 220 AP tests taken in May 2007. Southwest has partnered with NWTC to provide a number of Technical classes at the High School. Southwest High School was ranked #13 in Wisconsin as the best school by Newsweek 2013. A collaboration with NWTC in 2012 to provide credited courses in STEM provides students hands on coursework in blueprint reading; welding; and robotics.
Sports.
There are a wide array of sports housed at Green Bay Southwest High School.
1997 Girls Tennis State Champions
2010 Girls Tennis State Runner-Up
2013 Boys Bowling State Champions
2013 The Southwest Girl's Tennis Team participated in the WIAA Division 1 Team State Tournament for an unmatched 18th time.
1988 - 2014 Girls Dance Team (Troyettes) 40 State Championships
1993 - 2013 Girls Dance Team (Troyettes) 29 National Titles
2013 Girls Dance Team (Troyettes) WACPC Wisconsin State DIV 1 POM & High Kick Champions
2014 Girls Dance Team (Troyettes) WACPC Wisconsin State DIV 1 POM Champions
The Troyettes Dance Team was started in 1985 at Southwest High School by Lola Boor and her daughter, Shawna Landes. Lola and Shawna composed the team's constitution, which is still reviewed and signed every year by ever active Troyette. 
The Green Bay Southwest Troyettes perform at home at Southwest High School soccer and football games in the fall, and basketball games in the winter/spring. Besides their tireless support of Southwest High School athletics, the Troyettes prepare competition pom, kick, and jazz routines that they take to local, regional, state, and national competitions every year. Their discipline, dedication, and hard work have translated into a consistent record of successes at the State and National level.
Since the Green Bay Southwest Troyettes receive no financial support from the school and the coaching position has always been a voluntary position for Shawna, fundraisers have been utilized over the years to help the member to defray the cost associated with membership. Uniforms, bus rentals, competition entry fees, camp fees, and the Florida National Competition trip represent some of the significant, annual costs for each member.
The Troyettes incorporated as a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation in 2004, so that past and present members, their parents, and their families can support the Troyette legacy.
Demographics.
As of the 2010-11 school year, there were 1,304 students in attendance, including 359 seniors, 305 juniors, 314 sophomores, and 326 freshmen. The ethnic makeup of the school was 73.77% Caucasian, 9.81% American Indian, 4.52% Southeast Asian, 6.9% Black, and 4.98% Hispanic.
Distinguished Alumni.
In 2010 Green Bay Southwest established, and honored, its inaugural Distinguished Alumni. The Distinguished Alumni program seeks to identify those alumni who have achieved success and fostered a positive impact on their community. Candidates are chosen through a nomination process by fellow alumni, students, and those affiliated with Green Bay Southwest High School.
1999
2010
2011
2012
Dr. John Katers
Health care reform meetings.
Southwest High School was the site of a visit by U.S. president Barack Obama on June 11, 2009, who led a town hall meeting about health care reform. At the request of members of the physical education and health staff at the school, he signed a wall in a health classroom.

</doc>
<doc id="18505906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505906" title="Holden Center Historic District">
Holden Center Historic District

Holden Center Historic District is a historic district on Main, Maple, Highland, and Reservoir Streets in Holden, Massachusetts.
The district was largely built in 1789 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18505907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505907" title="Agwu Nsi">
Agwu Nsi

Agwu Nsi, in Odinani, is the Alusi of health and divination. He is one of the concepts that was used by the Igbo to explain and understand good and evil, health and sickness, wealth and poverty, and fortune and misfortune. Belief in Agwu was widespread in Igboland in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="18505924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505924" title="Whitney &amp; Company (Leominster, Massachusetts)">
Whitney &amp; Company (Leominster, Massachusetts)

Whitney & Company is a historic site at 142 Water Street in Leominster, Massachusetts.
The site was built in 1893 and added to the United States National Historic Register in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18505932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505932" title="Phillipston Center Historic District">
Phillipston Center Historic District

Phillipston Center Historic District is a historic district roughly along The Common, Baldwinville, Petersham and Templeton Roads in Phillipston, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18505935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505935" title="2000 du Maurier Open">
2000 du Maurier Open

The 2000 du Maurier Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 111th edition of the event known that year as the du Maurier Open, and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2000 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 2000 WTA Tour. The men's event took place at the National Tennis Centre in Toronto, Canada, from July 31 through August 6, 2000, and the women's event at the du Maurier Stadium in Montreal, Canada, from August 14 through August 20, 2000.
The men's field featured World No. 1, Australian Open champion, Wimbledon semifinalist Andre Agassi, ATP No. 2 and seven-time Wimbledon champion and Miami winner Pete Sampras, and French Open runner-up, Rome Masters, Auckland and Båstad titlist Magnus Norman. Also competing were French Open and Hamburg Masters champion Gustavo Kuerten, Australian Open finalist Yevgeny Kafelnikov, Thomas Enqvist, Lleyton Hewitt and Marat Safin.
The women's draw was led by World No. 1, Australian Open runner-up, French Open doubles champion and Canada defending champion Martina Hingis, WTA No. 2, Australian Open champion and Wimbledon finalist Lindsay Davenport, and French Open runner-up and Berlin titlist Conchita Martínez. Also lined up were Wimbledon doubles champion Serena Williams, Paris winner Nathalie Tauziat, Anke Huber, Arantxa Sánchez Vicario and Sandrine Testud.

</doc>
<doc id="18505944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505944" title="Royalston Common Historic District">
Royalston Common Historic District

Royalston Common Historic District is a historic district on Main Street, Frye Hill Road, and Athol Road in Royalston, Massachusetts.
The district was largely built in 1752 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
Royalston Common was named as one of the 1,000 places to visit in Massachusetts by the Great Places in Massachusetts Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18505952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505952" title="South Lancaster Engine House">
South Lancaster Engine House

South Lancaster Engine House is a historic building at 283 S. Main Street in South Lancaster, Massachusetts.
The building was constructed in 1887 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18505959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505959" title="Upton Town Hall">
Upton Town Hall

Upton Town Hall is a historic town hall at 1 Main Street in Upton, Massachusetts.
The hall was added to the National Historic Register in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18505964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505964" title="FC Academia Chișinău">
FC Academia Chișinău

Academia Chişinău is a Moldovan football club, playing in the city of Chişinău, the capital of Moldova. They play in the Divizia Naţională, the top division in Moldovan football.
History.
Academia came into existence in 2006 when Igor Dobrovolski, Alexandru Cojuhari and Eduard Rotari decided to create a club with which to facilitate the growth of football talent in Moldova. The club began its journey in the second Moldovan football division, the Divizia "A". By the end of their second season in 2007-08, Academia was promoted to the Divizia Naţională. Upon promotion, the club signed a partnership agreement with the Technical University of Moldova, and became known as Academia UTM Chişinău.

</doc>
<doc id="18505968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505968" title="Jonah Warren House">
Jonah Warren House

Jonah Warren House is a historic house at 64 Warren Street in Westborough, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1720 and added to the National Historic Register in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18505969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505969" title="Ogunquit Museum of American Art">
Ogunquit Museum of American Art

The Ogunquit Museum of American Art (OMAA) is a small art museum. It sits on three acres on the coast of Ogunquit, Maine, at 543 Shore Road, and houses over 1,600 pieces in its permanent collection. It is the only museum in Maine devoted solely to American art.
History.
The OMAA was founded in 1953 by Henry Strater. He chose architect Charles S. Worley Jr. to create the building it is housed in. The museum has since gone through multiple renovations and additions.
Collection.
The OMAA houses over 1,600 pieces in its permanent collection. The highlights include:

</doc>
<doc id="18505980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505980" title="Broadway-Armory Historic District">
Broadway-Armory Historic District

Broadway-Armory Historic District is a historic district in Providence, Rhode Island.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It includes the Cranston Street Armory.

</doc>
<doc id="18505995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18505995" title="Resource productivity">
Resource productivity

Resource productivity is the quantity of good or service (outcome) that is obtained through the expenditure of unit resource. This can be expressed in monetary terms as the monetary yield per unit resource.
For example, when applied to crop irrigation it is the yield of crop obtained through use of a given volume of irrigation water, the “crop per drop”, which could also be expressed as monetary return from product per use of unit irrigation water.
Resource productivity and resource intensity are key concepts used in sustainability measurement as they attempt to decouple the direct connection between resource use and environmental degradation. Their strength is that they can be used as a metric for both economic and environmental cost. Although these concepts are two sides of the same coin, in practice they involve very different approaches and can be viewed as reflecting, on the one hand, the efficiency of resource production as outcome per unit of resource use (resource productivity) and, on the other hand, the efficiency of resource consumption as resource use per unit outcome (resource intensity). The sustainability objective is to maximize resource productivity while minimizing resource intensity. Scientific and political debates on resource productivity are regularly held at, among others, the World Resources Forum conferences.

</doc>
<doc id="18506006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506006" title="T+D">
T+D

T+D is a monthly business magazine published by The American Society for Training & Development. It was first published in 1946 (as "The Journal of Industrial Training"). Other formal titles for the magazine have included "Training and Development Journal" and "Training & Development". Its readership includes professionals in the workplace learning and performance (WLP) field, and general topics covered include organizational development, instructional design, talent management, and competencies, to name a few.
"T+D" readership includes a range of professionals, from corporate learning executives, to human resources managers, to independent trainers and consultants, reaching individuals around the world. In the last year, the magazine has covered several WLP issues, including e-learning, generational issues, leadership development, global sourcing, and employee engagement, with the stated goal of offering readers information pertaining to
In addition to name changes, the magazine has undergone several major redesigns. In May 2001, the magazine saw an overhaul of its logo, at which time the magazine shed the "Training & Development" moniker in favor of "T+D" (pronounced "T and D"). The magazine introduced its most recent redesign in January 2007, at which point the logo also adopted its current look.

</doc>
<doc id="18506012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506012" title="Dilli kaval">
Dilli kaval

The dilli kaval( Azerbaijani :Tütək) is a traditional end-blown flute from Turkey, Azerbaijan. They are typically made of plum, ebony, or apricot wood. The soprano dilli kaval in C and the alto version in A are handmade. Both types were patented by Burhan Tarlabaşı. All 12 chromatic tones from Low A to High G# can be played on them. 
Custom-made ebony-reed kavals in C# and F#, also designed by Burhan Tarlabaşı, are very rare. Their sound is very crisp and similar to tin whistles, but the wood adds a breathy softness.

</doc>
<doc id="18506013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506013" title="Sonora Review">
Sonora Review

Sonora Review is a biannual graduate student-run literary magazine that was established in the fall of 1980. "Sonora Review" publishes fiction, non-fiction, and poetry, as well as interviews, book reviews, and art. Each issue is produced by graduate student volunteers in the Creative Writing Department at the University of Arizona. Former staff members include Antonya Nelson, Robert Boswell, Richard Russo, Tony Hoagland, and David Foster Wallace. Work originally printed in the "Sonora Review" has appeared in "Best of the West" and "Best American Poetry", and has won O. Henry Awards and Pushcart Prizes. The editors-in-chief are Mike Coakley and Laura I. Miller.

</doc>
<doc id="18506027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506027" title="Western Eagles FC">
Western Eagles FC

Western Eagles FC is an Australian soccer club based in the western suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria. . The club's Foundation Meeting was held on 13 August 1950, at 93 Brighton Road, St.Kilda. Elected first club president was Wladyslaw Kowalik. The Meeting decided that the Club would be known as "Polonia Soccer Club". Polonia S.C. played its first match against J.U.S.T. and won the game 4:3. The club was lucky to secure during its early years Mr. Z. Zabulski's help as his knowledge of local conditions proved extremely useful. Polonia became 4th Division Champions in their first season of competition, in 1951. 
KS Polonia by Polish Australians, the club was one of the powerhouses of Victorian and Australian soccer in the 1950s and 1960s, before making a brief revival in the 1980s The club has since fallen to the lower reaches of the Victorian system, and currently participates in the Victorian State League Division 3 North-West competition.
Individual Honours.
Victorian State League Gold Medal - Player of the Year
Victorian State League Leading Goal Scorer
Bill Fleming Medal
Records.
8-0 vs South Melbourne FC at Middle Park Soccer Stadium 21 May 1983
Notable former players.
1950's.
Anton Brikic, Harry Capobus, Stefan Chauderna, Julian Chrzanowski, Augustyn Dziura, Stanislaw Gadecki, Henryk Jakubowski, George Pittoni, Peter Shipperheyn, Robert Wemyss, Bob Zablocki
1960's.
Jerzy Dudon, Roch Dronia, Zygmunt Gross, Remo Guardiani, Wieslaw Janczyk, Edward Jankowski, Mieczyslaw Jurecki, Kazimierz Kowalec, Zdzislaw Maruszkiewicz, John Morks, Edmund Zientara
1970's.
Andrew Chapnik, Ralph Esposito, Ron Horfiniak, Eugeniusz Lerch, Eddie Marmur, Micheal Olinowski, Czeslaw Plaskota, Richard Sekulski, Henry Siwka, Ziggy Szalinski, Edward Widera
1980's.
Peter Chapnik, Leszek Dzielakowski, Zdzistaw Barney Kostrzewa, Tadeusz Krysinski, Brendon Lakic, Ricky Lipiarski, Alex Marshall, Stefan Mila, Janusz Przybyla, Kees Storm, Greg Warszawski
1990's.
Henry Blicharz, Bogdan Bonk, Michael Calandrella, Marek Chormaniuk, Paul Dzielakowski, Paul DeBono, Kamil Gamanski, Husein Latif, Adam Mostowski, Daniel Kwiatkowski, Zoran Tasevski, Danny Tiatto
2000's.
Ivan Devcic, Wojciech Galon, Marcin Goralczyk, Andrew Gurman, Mateusz Kowalski, Konrad Leski, Lukasz Lewinski, Dominic Murdaca, Alex Samayoa, Mark Szczepanski, Slawomir Zientara

</doc>
<doc id="18506035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506035" title="Concerned Philosophers for Peace">
Concerned Philosophers for Peace

Concerned Philosophers For Peace (CPP) is an organization of professional philosophers founded in 1981. It is the "largest and most active organization of professional philosophers in North America oriented to the critique of militarism and the search for a just and lasting peace." The organization sponsors an annual conference, as well as programs at meetings of the American Philosophical Association.
References.
Organization Website
Facebook Page

</doc>
<doc id="18506040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506040" title="MBC Persia">
MBC Persia

MBC Persia is a free-to-air MBC Group channel that originally broadcast Hollywood films 24/7, but circa late 2009 it began featuring a variety of television series alongside the films. The channel's current, regular schedule is similar to its former sister channel Channel 2, but unlike Channel 2 the programmes featured on MBC Persia are subtitled in Persian instead of Arabic, as MBC Persia is generally aimed at its MBC/film audience in Iran, as well as the Iranian population in the U.A.E.. The channel even featured advertisements are also of Iranian origin. 
It debuted its broadcasting on July 9, 2008 at 11:30 GMT.
ON August 25, MBC Persia HD has been encrypted on MY HD Platform, and later on it has changed its name to MBC+ Variety. and subtitled its programs into Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="18506044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506044" title="Massango">
Massango


</doc>
<doc id="18506047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506047" title="Jeffrey Rayport">
Jeffrey Rayport

Jeffrey F. Rayport is a consultant, author, and founder and chairman of Marketspace LLC, a strategic advisory practice that works with leading companies to reinvent how they interact with and relate to customers. Marketspace is a unit of Monitor Group, a global strategy services and merchant banking firm.
Career.
Rayport is an authority on information-intensive industries such as media and entertainment, retail, and financial services. He has published a series of MBA-level textbooks on e-Commerce and a bestselling business book on integrating multi-channel customer experiences. In 1996, his Fast Company article "The Virus of Marketing" introduced the concept of, and coined the term "viral marketing."
Previously a faculty member at Harvard Business School, where he was voted outstanding professor in 1997, 1998 and 1999. At HBS, Rayport developed and taught the first graduate-level e-commerce course in the United States, "Managing Marketspace Businesses" in 1995. Business plans produced by Rayport's students resulted in various high-tech start-ups, including Yahoo! 
Rayport earned an A.B. from Harvard College, an M.Phil. in International Relations at the University of Cambridge (U.K.), and an A.M. and Ph.D. in the History of American Civilization at Harvard University.
He has served as a director of several public and private corporations; current directorships include Andrews McMeel Universal, GSI Commerce (NASDAQ:GSIC), International Data Group, Valueclick (NASDAQ:VCLK) and Monster Worldwide. He also serves on the advisory boards of advertising agency Crispin Porter + Bogusky and public relations firm Brodeur (a unit of Omnicom Group; NYSE: OMC). In addition, he is a trustee of the Peabody Essex Museum in Salem, MA; a director of the Nantucket Preservation Trust in Nantucket, MA; and a director of From the Top (a classical music program distributed in the United States by National Public Radio) in Boston, MA.
"e-Commerce".
In his 2000 book "e-Commerce", with Bernard Jaworski, Rayport formulates a set of design principles for e-Commerce websites, called the "7 C's":

</doc>
<doc id="18506048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506048" title="Aamir Ali">
Aamir Ali

Aamir Ali Malik is an Indian television actor and model. He is seen in many serials.
Career.
Ali's first commercial break was a commercial for Bajaj Scooters. He appeared in advertising campaigns for Bajaj Bravo Scooter, Aptech Computers, Maruti Zen, Ponds talc, Nescafe, Mahindra Rodeo, Chevrolet, BSNL, Videocon D2H, State Bank of India and others. He played cameo roles in the movies I Hate Luv Storys, Raakh, Anjaan, and Yeh Kya Ho Raha Hai and appeared in music videos for Anuradha Paudwal - Ishq Hua and Mangal Singh - Koka Koka.
Ali appeared in Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii playing the role Sameer Kaul. Later he joined channel Sahara One's Woh Rehne Waali Mehlon Ki to play the role of Saumya Parashar. He played a lead in Kya Dill Mein Hai. He participated in Nach Baliye 3 with Sanjeeda Sheikh and on December 22, 2007 their pair won the Nach Baliye 3 championship against Rakhi Sawant and Abhishek Avasthi. Ali did a cameo in Sony TV's Kuchh Is Tara. He also worked in Bhaskar Bharti where he played the lead role Armaan which premiered on May 25, 2009 and concluded on December 17, 2009. He was also seen in Zara Nachke Dikha 2 from May 1 to July 10, 2010. In F.I.R, he played the character of Inspector Bajrang Pandey and also in Hongey Judaa Na Hum, he played the role in Dr. Aniruddh. Recently, he played the role of Saumya Chauhan in Sahara One's Jhilmil Sitaaron Ka Aangan Hoga, ended on October 2013.
Personal life.
Ali married his girlfriend Sanjeeda Sheikh on 2 March, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18506070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506070" title="Vice President of Nepal">
Vice President of Nepal

The position of Vice President of Nepal () constitutes the deputy head of State of the country of Nepal and was created when the Nepalese monarchy was abolished in May 2008.
Under the interim constitution adopted in January 2007, all powers of governance were removed from the King of Nepal, and the Nepalese Constituent Assembly elected in the Nepalese Constituent Assembly election, 2008 was to decide in its first meeting whether to continue the monarchy or to declare a republic. On 28 May 2008 the Assembly had voted to abolish the monarchy.
The Fifth Amendment to the Interim Constitution established that the President, Vice-President, Prime Minister and Constituent Assembly chairman and vice-chairman would all be elected on the basis of a "political understanding". However, if one was not forthcoming, they could be elected by a simple majority.
The first election was the Nepalese presidential election, 2008. The parties failed to agree on candidates for President or Vice President so an election took place. Parmananda Jha of the Madhesi Janadhikar Forum was elected with the support of the Nepali Congress and the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist)
Address.
The Vice President is to be formally addressed as 'His Excellency'.
Latest election.
Vice-presidential election

</doc>
<doc id="18506098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506098" title="List of ship launches in 1871">
List of ship launches in 1871

The list of ship launches in 1871 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1871.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18506116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506116" title="Amara Kamara">
Amara Kamara

Amara Kamara (born February 2, 1988, in Liberia) is a Liberian gridiron football linebacker for the Harrisburg Stampede of the Professional Indoor Football League. A 2007 graduate of Newark Tech High School, he competed athletically at Weequahic High School in Newark, New Jersey. The second-team All-American made 193 total tackles and seven forced fumbles in 2006 in route to being named The Star-Ledger's State Defensive Player of the Year.
College career.
His first year as an Owl, he was the only freshman to start every game, and recorded 71 total tackles in his first year. Going into his sophomore season as an Owl, Kamara was named the starter at the Linebacker position.
Professional career.
Kamara entered the 2011 NFL Draft but was undrafted.
BC Lions.
On September 27, 2011, Kamara was signed by the BC Lions.
Harrisburg Stampede.
On December 20, 2013, Kamara signed with the Harrisburg Stampede of the Professional Indoor Football League

</doc>
<doc id="18506128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506128" title="Kalandula Falls">
Kalandula Falls

Kalandula Falls (formerly Duque de Bragança Falls) are waterfalls in the municipality of Kalandula, Malanje Province, Angola. On the Lucala River, the falls are 105 meters high (344 feet) and 400 meters wide (1312 feet). They are one of the largest waterfalls by volume in Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18506132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506132" title="Hitchcock Sewell">
Hitchcock Sewell

Hitchcock "Hitch" Sewell is a fictional detective, created by the American mystery writer Tim Cockey, who made his debut in 2000. Sewell is an undertaker who lives in the city of Baltimore, working at Sewell & Sons Family Funeral Home with his Aunt Billie. Rather than seeking out mystery, Sewell is often reluctantly dragged into crime-solving. He has appeared in five novels:

</doc>
<doc id="18506143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506143" title="Australian Indigenous Communications Association">
Australian Indigenous Communications Association

The Australian Indigenous Communications Association is the peak body for Australia’s Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander broadcasters. The AICA aims to represent all indigenous people and organisations in the media, communications and entertainment industry. It develops national policy, advocates and lobbies on behalf of its members and provides assistance for the creation and sustaining of indigenous media forms.
History.
AICA was founded in 2003 and replaced the "National Indigenous Media Association of Australia".
Funding.
The AICA receives the bulk of its funds from the Australian Government through the Department of Environment, Water, Heritage and the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="18506153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506153" title="Forward Thrust">
Forward Thrust

The Forward Thrust ballot initiatives were a series of bond propositions put to the voters of King County, Washington in 1968 and 1970, designed by a group called the Forward Thrust Committee. Seven of the twelve propositions in 1968 were successful; four of the remaining propositions were repackaged for a vote in 1970, when they were defeated in the darkening local economic climate of the Boeing Bust.
The initiatives were variously under the aegis of METRO (the Municipality of Metropolitan Seattle), King County, and the city of Seattle. (METRO and King County merged in 1992; "see King County Metro.") The Forward Thrust Committee was founded by James R. Ellis and effectively disbanded shortly after the 1970 defeats. It disbanded formally in 1974. Seattle Mayor Dorm Braman was also a strong backer of the 1968 initiatives.
The US$118 million passed in 1968 in support of the Department of Parks and Recreation was, at the time, the largest parks and recreation bond issue ever passed in the United States.
The failure of the rapid transit propositions meant that a nearly $900 million federal funding earmark that had been secured by U.S. Senator Warren G. Magnuson if local bonds passed went instead to fund Atlanta, Georgia's MARTA.
Results.
The elections took place February 13, 1968 and May 19, 1970. Each initiative required a 60% supermajority to pass. The results were as follows; bold typeface indicates successful propositions:
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="18506155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506155" title="Towpath Action Group">
Towpath Action Group

The Towpath Action Group (TAG) is a waterway society in the United Kingdom, campaigning for better access to towpaths.
History.
The group started in Manchester in 1987 after Don Lee, working as a part-time tutor, took groups of students from the Manchester Workers' Education Association on walks to explore the canals of the city. The series was called ""Byways and Backwaters of Manchester"", and one of the first visits was to a flight of nine locks on the Rochdale Canal, where the towpath had been restored by a Community Task Force. Some weeks later, a return visit found that a wall had been built across the towpath, preventing access, and the group decided to take action. The conducted a towpath access survey for the whole length of the canal, and produced a report on their findings. The report was ready for publication in 1988, as the WEA course drew to a close, and several members of the group thought it was appropriate to carry on monitoring the situation. The report was published as "Trouble on the Towpath", in time to coincide with the Inland Waterways Association's 1988 National Rally at Castlefield, and the group became the Towpath Action Group.
Aims.
The group is continuing to campaign for continuous towpaths with good access. The work has expanded further afield, and members of TAG are regularly consulted by British Waterways and Defra. One founder member was appointed to a statutory body, the Inland Waterways Amenity and Advisory Council (IWAAC), and another member sits on the Inland Waterways Association's Restoration Committee.
TAG aims to build up good relations with walkers, ramblers, cyclists, anglers, horseboaters and other towpath users, and environmental organisations.
In 2001, the group presented a report entitled ""Walking in Towns and Cities"" to the House of Commons Select Committee on Environment, Transport and Regional Affair, presenting a case for increased use of urban towpaths, and ideas for funding their maintenance.

</doc>
<doc id="18506167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506167" title="Captain, Virginia">
Captain, Virginia

Captain is an unincorporated community in western Craig County, Virginia, United States. It lies at the intersection of State Route 601 and State Route 632.

</doc>
<doc id="18506173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506173" title="Anyanwu">
Anyanwu

Anyanwu (Igbo: Eye of the Sun) is an Igbo deity that is believed to dwell in the sun. Anyanwu was one of the principal spirits for the Igbo, often associated with Agbara, the holy spirit as they both dwelled in the sun. This deity was seen as the perfect image of what a human should be.
Anyanwu is a surname given to people the Ibo, Igbo ethnic group in Nigeria.
Anyanwu is also the name given to a major character in the Octavia E. Butler's "Patternist series".

</doc>
<doc id="18506204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506204" title="Burley Woodhead">
Burley Woodhead

Burley Woodhead is a hamlet in the City of Bradford, in the county of West Yorkshire, England and lies to the south of and close to Burley in Wharfedale and is around two miles from Ilkley. The village mainly consists of a small cluster of farms and homes along the road from Ilkley to Guiseley at the foot of Burley Moor. It also has a pub called "The Hermit".

</doc>
<doc id="18506211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506211" title="Maggie, Virginia">
Maggie, Virginia

Maggie is an unincorporated community in west, central Craig County, Virginia, United States. It lies along State Route 632. 

</doc>
<doc id="18506218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506218" title="List of Franklin characters">
List of Franklin characters

This is a list of characters that appear in the animated television show "Franklin".
Adults / Parents.
At this point the only major character's parents that haven't been shown on the program are Otter's (who moved away in the first season). Snail's parents both appear in the "Franklin and Friends" series and Snail's mother also appears in the book "Franklin Says I Love You".
Minor characters.
Note that in the first, fifth and sixth seasons of the program, "Franklin" uses a generic voice credits screen that only lists some roles and appears at the end of every episode. In the second to fourth seasons, voice actors/actresses were credited in the episodes that they appeared in. Most, if not all characters, that have speaking roles of any sort are now listed. Many of these, as well as many that have been mentioned, seem to flit on and off the series with little or no explanation.

</doc>
<doc id="18506240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506240" title="Clarkia cylindrica">
Clarkia cylindrica

Clarkia cylindrica is species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name speckled fairyfan, or speckled clarkia. 
It is endemic to California, where it grows in the chaparral, oak woodlands, and grasslands of the southern California Coast Ranges, western Transverse Ranges, and southern Sierra Nevada foothills. 
Description.
"Clarkia cylindrica" is an annual herb producing an erect stem to around in maximum height. Leaves are mainly linear in shape and up to six centimeters long. 
The inflorescence holds several flowers which hang heavily when they are buds and then grow erect as they open. Each open flower is a bowl of four fan-shaped petals up to about 3.5 centimeters long. The petals are intergrading shades of lavender, white, and magenta and they are often speckled with purple or pink. Beneath the petals are bright pink fused sepals. There are eight stamens with lavender anthers. 
The fruit is a cylindrical capsule up to 5 centimeters long.

</doc>
<doc id="18506241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506241" title="The Citadel (2003 miniseries)">
The Citadel (2003 miniseries)

La Cittadella is a 2003 Italian miniseries based on A. J. Cronin's 1937 novel, "The Citadel", and produced by Titanus. It was directed by Fabrizio Costa and stars Massimo Ghini as Dr. Manson and Barbora Bobulová as his wife, Christine. Other television versions include an American (1960), another Italian (1964), and two British (1960 and 1983) adaptations.
Locations.
The program was filmed on location in the Czech Republic, London, and Cardiff, Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="18506248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506248" title="Angus Douglas">
Angus Douglas

Angus Douglas (born 1 January 1889 in Lochmaben, Dumfriesshire; died 14 December 1918) was a Scottish international footballer who played for Chelsea and Newcastle United.
Douglas was a tricky winger playing mostly on the right. Douglas moved straight from local club side Lochmaben FC to Chelsea in 1907. He made nearly 100 league appearances for the Londoners over the following six years under manager David Calderhead. Douglas also played in the 2–0 victory for Scotland over Ireland in 1911.
Douglas moved to Newcastle United in 1913. He played on Tyneside for a further year and a half before joining up to serve in the First World War. After surviving the war, Douglas succumbed to the infamous 1918 flu pandemic. He died just before his 30th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="18506268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506268" title="Henry Parsons Crowell">
Henry Parsons Crowell

Henry Parsons Crowell (1855–1943) was an American businessman, founder of the Quaker Oats Company and a philanthropist. 
At the end of the 19th century, steam engines, telegraph and telephone systems, electricity and typewriters were part of the explosion of technology in America.
Character.
Henry Parsons Crowell knew how to listen, persevere and address the challenges these new inventions were creating, and mediate the conflicts between those who wanted to keep the traditions of the old century and those who pushed for the ways of the future. A book was dedicated to him written by Joe Musser, called "Cereal Tycoon". 
Accomplishments.
Henry Parsons Crowell had a dramatic impact on the lives of millions of people. As the founder of the Quaker Oats Company he helped change the eating habits of Americans, and in the process helped to create entirely new methods of marketing and merchandising that some still consider revolutionary, even by today's standards.
One of the wealthiest men of Chicago when he died in 1943, Henry Parsons Crowell, gave away nearly 70 percent of his earnings for more than 40 years. Born into a wealthy family in 1855 and endowed with a large inheritance after the death of his father, Crowell had the opportunity to live well and do little. He chose to work hard, never compromising, even when doing so would bring him more prosperity. His shrewd business sense and marketing genius brought him to the highest levels in business as the founder of the Quaker Oats Company and other major enterprises. Crowell viewed all things as a stewardship from God.
Businessmen over the years came to know Jesus Christ personally because of the influence of Henry Parsons Crowell. In whatever he did, Crowell sought to honor God whether it was through business or his 40 years as chairman of the Board of Moody Bible Institute. The Henry Parsons Crowell and Susan Coleman Crowell Trust carefully states that the purpose of the Trust is to fund the teaching and active extension of the doctrines of evangelical Christianity. 
Today, more than 75 years later, that directive still guides the Trustees as they disburse funds from the Trust to organizations whose missions are in line with Mr. Crowell’s vision. His vision and mission have blessed hundreds of ministries every year all around the world.
Legacies and contributions.
Henry Crowell became enormously wealthy in several other businesses. But it is what he did with his wealth, donating over 70 percent of his wealth to Crowell Trust, and the stewardship of his time and money that hold such interest and value for today's people and Christians alike. The Moody Bible Institute named a 12-story building after him, Crowell Hall. He was regarded as one of the most respected Christian business man in early 20th century in the US.
Bibliography.
Musser, Joe (1997). "The Cereal Tycoon". Moody Press. ISBN 0-8024-1616-0.
Day, Richard Ellsworth, "Breakfast Table Autocrat The Life Story of Henry Parsons Crowell". Moody Press, Chicago, 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="18506279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506279" title="Blanking and piercing">
Blanking and piercing

Blanking and piercing are shearing processes in which a punch and die are used to modify webs. The tooling and processes are the same between the two, only the terminology is different: in blanking the punched out piece is used and called a "blank"; in piercing the punched out piece is scrap. The process for parts manufactured simultaneously with both techniques is often termed 'pierce and blank'. An alternative name of piercing is punching
Characterization of part quality and potential defects.
Burrs and die rolls are typical defects of trimmed surfaces. The surface finish will be lower in the so-called fracture zone, i.e. where the material is irregularly stripped away from the matching surface, at the end of the shearing operation. Die roll is a plastic deformation of the sheet edge, which causes permanent edge rounding.
Burr height is typically used as an index to measure tool wear, because it is easy to measure during production.
Tooling design guidelines.
The selection criteria of all process parameters are governed by the sheet thickness and by the strength of the workpiece material being pierced.
The punch-die clearance is a crucial parameter, which determines the load or pressure experienced at the cutting edge of the tool, commonly known as point pressure. Excessive point pressure can lead to accelerated wear and ultimately failure. the Surface quality of the trimmed edge is severely affected by the clearance, too.
Material specific design guidelines are developed by companies in order to define the minimum acceptable values of hole diameters, bridge sizes, slot dimensions. Similarly, the strip lay-out must be determined (strip width and pitch). The bridge width between the parts and the edge allowance between the part and the edge of the strip have to be selected, too.
A simple operation may only need a pancake die. While many dies perform complexprocedures simultaneously, a pancake die may only perform one simple procedure with the finished product being removed by hand.
Process variants.
There are various types of blanking and piercing: lancing, perforating, notching, nibbling, shaving, cutoff, and dinking.
Lancing.
Lancing is a piercing operation in which the workpiece is sheared and bent with one strike of the die. A key part of this process is that there is not reduction of material, only a modification in its geometry. This operation is used to make tabs, vents, and louvers.
The cut made in lancing is not a closed cut, like in perforation even though a similar machine is used, but a side is left connected to be bent sharply or in more of a rounded manner.
Lancing can be used to make partial contours and free up material for other operations further down the production line. Along with these reasons lancing is also used to make tabs (where the material is bent at a 90 degree angle to the material), vents (where the bend is around 45 degrees), and louvers (where the piece is rounded or cupped).It also help to cut or slight shear of sheet on cylindrical shape.
Normally lancing is done on a mechanical press, lancing requires the use of punches and dies to be used. The different punches and dies determine the shape and angle (or curvature) of the newly made section of the material. The dies and punches are needed to be made of tool steel to withstand the repetitious nature of the procedure.
Perforating.
Perforating is a piercing operation that involves punching a large number of closely spaced holes.
Notching.
Notching is a piercing operation that removes material from the edge of the workpiece.
Nibbling.
The nibbling process cuts a contour by producing a series of overlapping slits or notches. This allows for complex shapes to be formed in sheet metal up to 6 mm (0.25 in) thick using simple tools. The nibbler is essentially a small punch and die that reciprocates quickly; around 300–900 times per minute. Punches are available in various shape and sizes; oblong and rectangular punches are common because they minimize waste and allow for greater distances between strokes, as compared to a round punch. Nibbling can occur on the exterior or interior of the material, however interior cuts require a hole to insert the tool.
The process is often used on parts that do not have quantities that can justify a dedicated blanking die. The edge smoothness is determined by the shape of the cutting die and the amount the cuts overlap; naturally the more the cuts overlap the cleaner the edge. For added accuracy and smoothness most shapes created by nibbling undergo filing or grinding processes after completion.
Shaving.
The shaving process is a finishing operation where a small amount of metal is sheared away from an already blanked part. Its main purpose is to obtain better dimensional accuracy, but secondary purposes include squaring the edge and smoothing the edge. Blanked parts can be shaved to an accuracy of up to 0.025 mm (0.001 in).
Trimming.
The trimming operation is the last operation performed because it cuts away excess or unwanted irregular features from the walls of drawn sheets.
Cutoff.
The cutoff process is used to separate a stamping or other product from a strip or stock. This operation is very common with progressive die sequences. The cutoff operation often produces the periphery counter to the workpiece.
Fine blanking.
Fine blanking is a specialized form of blanking where there is no fracture zone when shearing. This is achieved by compressing the whole part and then an upper and lower punch extract the blank. This allows the process to hold very tight tolerances, and perhaps eliminate secondary operations.
Materials that can be fine blanked include aluminium, brass, copper, and carbon, alloy, and stainless steels.
Fine blanking presses are similar to other metal stamping presses, but they have a few critical additional parts. A typical compound fine blanking press includes a hardened die punch (male), the hardened blanking die (female), and a guide plate of similar shape/size to the blanking die. The guide plate is the first applied to the material, impinging the material with a sharp protrusion or "stinger" around the perimeter of the die opening. Next a counter pressure is applied opposite the punch, and finally the die punch forces the material through the die opening. Since the guide plate holds the material so tightly, and since the counter pressure is applied, the material is cut in a manner more like extrusion than typical punching. Mechanical properties of the cut benefit similarly with a hardened layer at the cut edge of the part. Because the material is so tightly held and controlled in this setup, part flatness remains very true, distortion is nearly eliminated, and edge burr is minimal. Clearances between the die and punch are generally around 1% of the cut material thickness, which typically varies between . Currently parts as thick as can be cut using fine blanking. Tolerances between ± are possible based on material thickness & tensile strength, and part layout.
With standard compound fine blanking processes, multiple parts can often be completed in a single operation. Parts can be pierced, partially pierced, offset (up to 75°), embossed, or coined, often in a single operation. Some combinations may require progressive fine blanking operations, in which multiple operations are performed at the same pressing station.
The advantages of fine blanking are:
One of the main advantages of fine blanking is that slots or holes can be placed very near to the edges of the part, or near to each other. Also, fineblanking can produce holes that are much smaller (as compared to material thickness) than can be produced by conventional stamping.
The disadvantages are:

</doc>
<doc id="18506281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506281" title="Liu Baiyu">
Liu Baiyu

born Liu Yuzan
Liu Baiyu (; September 2, 1916 – August 24, 2005), born Liu Yuzan () in Beijing, was a Chinese writer who took an orthodox Communist line on writing issues. He opposed "Western bourgeois values", influencing Chinese literature.

</doc>
<doc id="18506293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506293" title="Marshalltown, Virginia">
Marshalltown, Virginia

Marshalltown is an unincorporated community in east, central Craig County, Virginia, United States. It lies along State Route 615, northeast of New Castle. 

</doc>
<doc id="18506298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506298" title="Grigorenko">
Grigorenko

Grigorenko is a Ukrainian family name. It means "son of Grigori (Gregory)".

</doc>
<doc id="18506302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506302" title="Triple Live Möther Gööse at Budokan">
Triple Live Möther Gööse at Budokan

Triple Live Möther Gööse at Budokan is the debut album by American comedy metal/punk group Green Jellö in 1989. Despite the titling, the album is not a live album.
History.
In 1989, Green Jellö released its second album, "Triple Live Möther Gööse at Budokan", on February 29 Records, which was recorded in a garage in about the same amount of time it takes to play it. A rare video was also released for this album with music videos for each song. It featured a much more defined sound, as well as far better production and songwriting.
Several of the songs on "Triple Live Möther Gööse at Budokan" were later re-recorded and re-released on "Cereal Killer", although many of their names were changed.

</doc>
<doc id="18506316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506316" title="Pete Fornatale">
Pete Fornatale

Peter ("Pete") Fornatale (August 23, 1945 – April 26, 2012) was a New York City disc jockey and author of numerous books on rock and roll. He is considered a "pioneer of FM rock," who played an important role in the progressive rock era of FM broadcasting. He was the first person to host a rock music show on New York City's FM band, commencing November 21, 1964 on WFUV. By broadcasting progressive rock and long album tracks, he was noted for introducing a musical alternative to Top 40 AM radio in New York in the late 1960s and early 1970s. "Billboard" called his station "a legend, affecting and inspiring people throughout the industry." 
He gave early exposure to country-rock bands like Buffalo Springfield and Poco, and did one of the first American interviews with Elton John. In 1991 he was co-host of "Paul Simon Live in Central Park" and was often called to be an expert guest commentator on PBS specials, including those featuring Bob Dylan, John Fogerty, The Grateful Dead, Jimi Hendrix, Roy Orbison, Peter, Paul and Mary, Simon & Garfunkel, James Taylor and others.
Biography.
Starting with WOR-FM in 1966, FM was demonstrating a large rift from AM broadcasting. Fornatale was a key figure in this trend with his weekly program, "Campus Caravan," which was heard on Fordham University's WFUV from 1964 to 1970. He began professionally in 1969 at WNEW-FM and also worked at WXRK (née WKTU). He returned to WFUV in 2001 and was heard weekly on his shows, "Mixed Bag" and "Mixed Bag Radio," which is also on XM satellite radio. He won the Armstrong Excellence in Broadcasting Award in 1983. Mr. Fornatale received AFTRA's Media & Entertainment Excellence Award in February 2012 at the Plaza Hotel in New York City. 
He was a native of the Belmont section of the Bronx and attended Fordham Preparatory School and Fordham University, where he received a B.A. in Communication Arts in 1967. He was a member of the board of World Hunger Year.
Fornatale wrote several books, including "The Rock Music Source Book," "Radio in the Television Age," "The Story of Rock 'n' Roll," and "All You Need Is Love." He was also helped write "The Elvis Collection" trading card series. In addition, he has written many feature shows for radio and television about Rock, including the syndicated "Rock Calendar," episodes of "MTV'"s "Rock Influences," and the international television series "Deja View." His latest book is "Back to the Garden: The Story of Woodstock."
He hosted rock-related programs on WNET, PBS's station in New York City, and was an on-air consultant for rock music shows and specials on VH1, MTV and HBO.
In June 2010, Fornatale joined the crew of The Voice of Peace Network with his show "Back To The Garden" in support of WhyHunger.org. His show features Pete reflecting on some of his favorite friends and musicians. 
In the summer of 2011, Fornatale toured the Northeast with two different multimedia programs to support his most recent book releases. The show titled "Back to the Garden: The Story of Woodstock" focused on Fornatale's experiences as an on-air personality during that period, and it is highlighted by Woodstock-related anecdotes based on events that occurred throughout the DJ's lengthy career as an interviewer, DJ and author. The program titled "How Terribly Strange to be 70" looked at the tumultuous history of Simon & Garfunkel, beginning with their early years when they performed as the duo 'Tom and Jerry'. He was working on a book on the Rolling Stones at the time of his death. 
Mr. Fornatale died at Beth Israel Medical Center in New York City at age 66 on April 26, 2012. He had suffered a brain hemorrhage April 15, 2012 and had been in ICU.
Bibliography.
As co-author:

</doc>
<doc id="18506328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506328" title="Friday Morning Club">
Friday Morning Club

Friday Morning Club is a historic building on South Figueroa Street in Downtown Los Angeles that was built in 1923 and was the home for many years of a women's club of the same name. The architects were Allison & Allison. 
It is also known as the Variety Arts Center Building and is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18506338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506338" title="Bjarnason">
Bjarnason

Bjarnason is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Bjarni". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18506342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506342" title="Liberte Publications">
Liberte Publications

Liberte Publications ("Liberte Yayınları" in Turkish) is a publishing company in Turkey established to produce books and journals on liberalism and promoting liberal ideas. It is associated with "Liberal Düşünce Topluluğu" (Association for Liberal Thinking).
The company was established in 1998 by a group of intellectuals in order to introduce liberal ideas to and thus change the intellectual environment in Turkey. The choice of the Latin word "liberte", meaning "liberty", as the company title reflects this ideal. It remains as the only publisher in Turkey to solely produce titles on issues about liberalism. It is based in Ankara.
Publications.
Since its establishment Liberte Publications has published over 130 books. Titles include classics of liberalism, studies about contemporary economy with a liberal perspective, research and essays by modern day Turkish liberals such as Atilla Yayla as well as those of the late Ottoman Empire and some novels such as Murder at the Margin representing the principles of economic thought.
The company also publishes two periodicals on behalf of "Liberal Düşünce Topluluğu": "Liberal Düşünce" (Liberal Thought) and "Piyasa" (Market).

</doc>
<doc id="18506352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506352" title="Simmonsville, Virginia">
Simmonsville, Virginia

Simmonsville is an unincorporated community in southwestern Craig County, Virginia, United States. It lies along State Route 42, southwest of New Castle. 

</doc>
<doc id="18506366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506366" title="Sin Cha Hong">
Sin Cha Hong

Sin Cha Hong (홍신자; b. 1943) is a noted modern dancer, choreographer, vocalist, and writer from South Korea. She is acknowledged as South Korea's first avant-garde dancer, and has been credited as that nation's premier performance artist.[http://www.nyartsmagazine.com/index.php?Itemid=695&id=2637&option=com_content&task=view]
She lived and worked in the United States from the late 1960s until 1990, founding the Laughing Stone Dance Company (웃는돌 무용단) in New York City in 1981.[http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9B0DE6DD1E39F931A35751C1A965948260] She returned to live in South Korea in 1990. She has collaborated with the "gayageum" player Hwang Byungki. She also studied meditation for 30 years, and is known as a meditation master.

</doc>
<doc id="18506385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506385" title="Bruce Boisclair">
Bruce Boisclair

Bruce Armand Boisclair (born December 9, 1952 in Putnam, Connecticut) is a former American baseball outfielder. He played all or part of six seasons for the New York Mets from 1974-1979. He also played for the Hanshin Tigers in Japan in 1980.
Bruce was drafted by the New York Mets in the 20th round of the 1970 amateur draft. His best year for the Mets came in 1977 where he had 90 hits, 21 doubles, 4 home runs, and 44 runs batted in. He played 276 games in the outfield for the mets with a .975 career fielding percentage.

</doc>
<doc id="18506409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506409" title="Thomas no Shinzō">
Thomas no Shinzō

Plot.
Set in an all-boys boarding school in Germany. A boy named Thomas commits suicide, and he writes a letter to Juli, who Thomas has an unrequited love for. A transfer student named Eric, who looks just like Thomas, arrives. Eventually Juli comes to terms with his feelings and becomes a priest.
Development.
Although Hagio had previously been exposed to the gay lifestyle magazine "Barazoku", Hagio was inspired by "Les amitiés particulières" to begin The Heart of Thomas as a work for her own enjoyment, and soon afterwards wrote "November Gymnasium" as a work to be published. At one point, Hagio considered making the protagonists girls, and drew a few scenes in a sketchbook, but decided that the boys version was "smoother" and less "giggly". When it was serialised, Thomas no Shinzo was unpopular, so Hagio's editors asked her to finish the manga up quickly, but due to the success of "Poe no Ichizoku" in the new bound format, Thomas no Shinzo was allowed to continue.
Themes.
In an interview, Hagio said that she felt the theme might be "When does a person learn love? When does one awake to love?"
Prequel.
A prequel manga was written called "The Visitor" (訪問者).
Film.
The film "Summer Vacation 1999" (1999年の夏休み) (released in 1988) was based on The Heart of Thomas, and the parts were played by girls as breeches roles, using male speech. The character in the film analogous to Thomas was renamed Yuu, and the analogue to Eric was renamed Kaoru, a gender-neutral name. The film was subsequently novelised.
Song.
In 1992, the musician Momus wrote the song "Summer Holiday 1999," which was inspired by Summer Vacation 1999.
Stage.
Studio Life, a Japanese all-male theatre troupe suggested, in approximately 1995, that they stage a production of The Heart of Thomas. As of 2005, it had been staged twice.
Reception.
Matt Thorn considers The Heart of Thomas to be about a "spiritual or mental love", and that Hagio's later work "A Savage God Reigns" is the "adult version" of The Heart of Thomas. Bill Randall notes Hagio's creation of several shōjo manga conventions such as the use of angelic wings. Midori Matsui interprets the manga in terms of Freudian theory and regards the relationships between the characters as indicating that they live in a "closed oedipal universe as fragmented personae of the narcissistic ego". The film won the awards for Best Director and Best Cinematography at the 10th Yokohama Film Festival and was named the 8th best film of the year. It was also nominated for the Best Editing Award at the 12th Japan Academy Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="18506415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506415" title="Saltugilia splendens">
Saltugilia splendens

Saltugilia splendens (syn. Gilia splendens) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names Grinnell's gilia and splendid gilia. 
It is endemic to California, where it grows in the chaparral and forests of the southern California Coast Ranges, the Transverse Ranges, and the San Jacinto Mountains. 
Description.
"Saltugilia splendens" is a gangly wildflower producing an erect stem with very slender branches reaching a maximum height near 80 centimeters. The stem is mostly naked with most of the intricately lobed leaves located in a basal rosette near ground level. 
The inflorescence is open, bearing tiny flowers at the ends of thin, gland-dotted branches. Each flower is a pinkish, trumpet-shaped bloom up to around a centimeter long with protruding blue to lavender style and stamens. 
The fruit is a capsule less than a centimeter long.

</doc>
<doc id="18506420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506420" title="Picaria">
Picaria

Picaria is a two-player abstract strategy game from the Zuni Native American Indians or the Pueblo Indians of the American Southwest. It is related to tic-tac-toe, but more related to Tapatan, Nine Holes, Achi, Tant Fant, and Shisima, because pieces can be moved to create the three-in-a-row. Picaria is an alignment game. 
There are two variations to Picaria. The first version is simpler with 9 spaces or intersection points, and the second version uses 13 spaces or intersection points. The rules are the same.
Goal.
To create a three-in-a-row of one's pieces either horizontally, vertically, or diagonally.
Equipment.
A 3×3 board is used for the first version. Three horizontal lines form the three rows. Three vertical lines form the three columns. Two diagonal lines connect the two opposite corners of the board. Additionally, there are four more diagonal lines connecting the mid-points. These four additional diagonal lines is what makes the Picaria board different from Tapatan or Achi. The intersection points are where the pieces are played.
The second version uses a similar board except there are four additional spaces or intersection points to play pieces at. The four additional spaces or intersection points are at the intersection of the four additional diagonal lines with those of the larger diagonal lines. 
Each player has three pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other plays the white pieces, however, any two colors or distinguishable objects will suffice.
Rules and gameplay.
House rules.
These are rules that you and the other player can agree upon. They are not standard for the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18506432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506432" title="Otto Husted">
Otto Husted

Otto Husted (October 10, 1902 – March 31, 1980) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Helsingør and died in Virum. He was the younger brother of Erik Husted.
In 1928 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic tournament after two wins and two losses. He played three matches as halfback.

</doc>
<doc id="18506435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506435" title="Brewer-Dobson circulation">
Brewer-Dobson circulation

Brewer-Dobson circulation is a model of atmospheric circulation, proposed by Alan Brewer in 1949 and Gordon Dobson in 1956, which attempts to explain why tropical air has less ozone than polar air, even though the tropical stratosphere is where most atmospheric ozone is produced. It is a simple circulation model that posits the existence of a slow current in the winter hemisphere which redistributes air from the tropics to the extratropics. The Brewer-Dobson circulation is driven by atmospheric waves and may be speeding up due to climate change.

</doc>
<doc id="18506438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506438" title="Imaginative (album)">
Imaginative (album)

Imaginative is the second full-length album by Swedish progressive rock band Waterclime. It was released on 19 October 2007 and produced, mixed and mastered by Mr V at Waves Studios in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18506448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506448" title="Green Jellö SUXX">
Green Jellö SUXX

Green Jellö SUXX is the name of the second EP released by comic heavy metal group Green Jellö in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18506485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506485" title="Wooden (disambiguation)">
Wooden (disambiguation)

To be wooden is to be made of the hard, fibrous, lignified structural tissue produced as secondary xylem in the stems of woody plants.
Wooden may also refer to:
People with the surname Wooden:

</doc>
<doc id="18506500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506500" title="Kadambur R. Janarthanan">
Kadambur R. Janarthanan

Kadambur R. Janarthanan (Born October 22, 1929) is a former union minister of India and a leader of All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK). He was union Minister of State, Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions with additional Charge of minister of State for Finance (Revenue, Banking and Insurance). He held these portfolios in Second Vajpayee Ministry from 1998 to 1999.
He was born on 22 October 1929 in Kadambur village in Thoothukudi district in Tamil Nadu and became science graduate from Presidency College of Madras University. He is agriculturist and trader by profession. He was imprisoned under MISA in 1976 in the emergency.
He was first elected to the Lok Sabha in 1984 from Tirunelveli and then again to the 9th, 10th and 12 th Lok Sabha. 
Janaathan is a short story writer and won Odum Railil Oruvan (short story in Tamil) in
Ananda Vikatan short story competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18506504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506504" title="Betty Hemings">
Betty Hemings

Elizabeth "Betty" Hemings (c. 1735 – 1807) was a mulatto slave, who in 1761 became the concubine of the planter John Wayles of Virginia. He had become a widower for the third time. He had six children with her over a 12-year period. After Wayles died, the Hemings family and more than 100 other slaves were inherited as part of his estate by his daughter Martha Wayles Skelton Jefferson and her husband Thomas Jefferson. 
Eventually more than 75 of Betty's children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren were born into slavery and worked at Jefferson's plantation of Monticello. They were skilled chefs, butlers, seamstresses, weavers, carpenters, blacksmiths, gardeners, and musicians. Jefferson gave others to his sister and daughters as wedding presents, and they lived at other Virginia plantations. 
Betty's oldest daughter Mary Hemings became the common-law wife of wealthy merchant Thomas Bell, who purchased her and their two children in 1792 and informally freed them. Mary was the first of several Hemingses to gain freedom before the Civil War. Betty's daughter Sally Hemings is widely believed by historians to have had six children as the concubine of Thomas Jefferson in a nearly four decades long relationship. He freed all her four surviving children when they came of age, two in his will.
Biography.
According to the oral history of her descendants, Betty was the mulatto daughter of Susannah Epps, a full-blood African woman enslaved in Virginia and Captain John Hemings, an English captain of a trading ship. Madison Hemings in his memoir said the surname of the captain was Hemings; the family tradition was that he had tried to buy Betty when he discovered his daughter had been born. The place of her birth is uncertain (Hemings said it was Williamsburg), but by 1746, she was recorded as the property of Francis Eppes IV of the Bermuda Hundred plantation. 
Betty's grandson, Madison Hemings, related the family story that Betty was born into slavery as the property of "John Wales" (meaning he owned her mother. The family said Captain Hemings plotted to kidnap his daughter, but Wayles took measures against this. Wayles may have sold Betty to Francis Eppes and later regained ownership of her when he married Eppes' daughter Martha as his first wife, or her grandson Madison may have confused some of the chronology. 
After John Wayles married Martha Eppes, the daughter of Francis Eppes IV, in 1746, her father gave the couple Elizabeth/Betty and her mother as part of the wedding settlement, with the stipulation that she would always belong to Martha and her heirs. Betty was trained as a domestic servant at one of Wayles' plantations. 
In the 1750s, Betty Hemings gave birth to the first four of her twelve children, whose father was a slave. The children were:
John Wayles was widowed three times. In 1761, after the death of his third wife, Wayles took Betty Hemings as his concubine. According to her descendants and other sources, she had six children with Wayles. They were each half-siblings to his daughter Martha Wayles, who married Thomas Jefferson. As the historians Philip D. Morgan and Joshua D. Rothman have written, there were numerous such interracial relationships in the Wayles-Hemings-Jefferson families, Albemarle County and Virginia, often with multiple generations repeating the pattern. Her children by Wayles were:
After Wayles died in 1773, all eleven members of the Hemings family and 124 other slaves were inherited by his daughter Martha Wayles and her husband Thomas Jefferson. The Jeffersons had the Hemings children trained as skilled artisans and domestic servants, giving them privileged positions at the plantation. No member of the Hemings family worked in the fields. 
While resident at Monticello, Betty Hemings had two more children:
In the last decade of her life, Betty Hemings had her own cabin at Monticello, from 1795 to 1807. She raised produce and sold it to the Jefferson household: items such as cabbages, strawberries, and chickens. Her former cabin site is being investigated as an archeological site. It is expected to yield new information about the daily lives of the enslaved African Americans at Monticello.
Relationship with John Wayles.
Historians have tended to accept the account that Betty Hemings and John Wayles had children together. Her last six children were multiracial. As is the case of many relationships between slaveholders and slaves, documentary evidence is slight. Betty was mentioned in John Wayles' will, which some take as an indication of a relationship. According to contemporary accounts, some of Betty's children were nearly white in appearance. Other support is found in private letters from the first decade of the 19th century, which later became public. 
The slave community at Monticello was well aware of the relationship. In 1873 Betty's grandson Madison Hemings and Israel Jefferson, both former slaves at Monticello, published newspaper interviews which said Wayles was the father of Sally Hemings and several other of Betty's children. 
Descendants.
Betty Hemings has numerous descendants. Some of note are:
Fountain Hughes was a descendant of Wormley Hughes, one of Betty's grandsons. At the age of 101, he gave what is the last surviving recorded interview of a former slave, when living in Baltimore, Maryland in 1949. It is available online through the World Digital Library and the American Folklife Center of the Library of Congress. He was a grandson of a slave owned by President Thomas Jefferson at Monticello.

</doc>
<doc id="18506510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506510" title="Trimmed estimator">
Trimmed estimator

In statistics, a trimmed estimator is an estimator derived from another estimator by excluding some of the extreme values, a process called truncation. This is generally done to obtain a more robust statistic, and the extreme values are considered outliers. Trimmed estimators also often have higher efficiency for mixture distributions and heavy-tailed distributions than the corresponding untrimmed estimator, at the cost of lower efficiency for other distributions, such as the normal distribution.
Given an estimator, the "n"% trimmed version is obtained by discarding the "n"% lowest and highest observations: it is a statistic on the "middle" of the data. For instance, the 5% trimmed mean is obtained by taking the mean of the 2.5% to 97.5% range. In some cases a trimmed estimator discards a fixed number of points (such as maximum and minimum) instead of a percentage.
Examples.
The median is the most trimmed statistic (nominally 50%), as it discards all but the most central data, and equals the fully trimmed mean – or indeed fully trimmed mid-range, or (for odd size data sets) the fully trimmed maximum or minimum. Likewise, no degree of trimming has any effect on the median – a trimmed median is the median – because trimming always excludes an equal number of the lowest and highest values.
Quantiles can be thought of as trimmed maxima or minima: for instance, the 5th percentile is the 5% trimmed minimum.
Trimmed estimators used to estimate a location parameter include:
Trimmed estimators used to estimate a scale parameter include:
Trimmed estimators which only involve linear combinations of points are examples of L-estimators.
Applications.
Estimation.
Most often, trimmed estimators are used for parameter estimation of the same parameter as the untrimmed estimator. In some cases the estimator can be used directly, while in other cases it must be adjusted to yield an unbiased consistent estimator.
For example, when estimating a location parameter, for a symmetric distribution a trimmed estimator will be unbiased (assuming the original estimator was unbiased), as it removes the same amount above and below. However, if the distribution has skew, trimmed estimators will generally be biased and require adjustment. For example, in a skewed distribution, the nonparametric skew (and Pearson's skewness coefficients) measure the bias of the median as an estimator of the mean.
When estimating a scale parameter, using a trimmed estimator as a robust measures of scale, such as to estimate the population variance or population standard deviation, one generally must multiply by a scale factor to make it an unbiased consistent estimator; see scale parameter: estimation.
For example, dividing the IQR by formula_1 (using the error function) makes it an unbiased, consistent estimator for the population standard deviation if the data follow a normal distribution.
Other uses.
Trimmed estimators can also be used as statistics in their own right – for example, the median is a measure of location, and the IQR is a measure of dispersion. In these cases, the sample statistics can act as estimators of their own expected value. For example, the MAD of a sample from a standard Cauchy distribution is an estimator of the population MAD, which in this case is 1, whereas the population variance does not exist.

</doc>
<doc id="18506517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506517" title="Mazinger U.S.A. Version">
Mazinger U.S.A. Version

Mazinger, later called Mazinger U.S.A. Version or Mazinger U.S. Version to avoid confusions with the rest of the Mazinger works, is a 58 pages long manga created by Go Nagai specifically for the US market. Sometimes it is also called incorrectly "Mazinwarrior" or "MazinSaga", since its "Mazinger"'s design is similar to the "Mazinger" of "MazinSaga". It features full-color graphics, text in English and left-to-right formatting. It is the second manga created by Go Nagai for the US market after "Oni" (published in 1983). It is partially inspired by "Gulliver's Travels".
Plot.
The story is set in the year 220X A.D., after hundreds of years in war that devastated planet Earth. The environment of the planet is so damaged that the fights have to be done wearing special combat armors. A new battle is rising, and the soldier Major Kabuto boards his combat robot, Mazinger. In the middle of the battle, Mazinger gets caught in an explosion which creates a wormhole that transports Mazinger into a parallel dimension. In this Earth, immediately after appearing, Mazinger saves a beautiful young woman, princess Krishna, from humanoid reptiles that are about to kill her.
It turns out that princess Krishna's kingdom of Lithgor is the last human land standing against the newly risen Zard Empire of the reptilian race, a race that cared only for war. The High King of Lithgor desired peace with the Zard empire, and overruled his council to seek a truce, but the Zard empire committed treachery and killed the High King and the rest of the nobles with the exception of princess Krishna.
After witnessing what Mazinger can do, Krishna requests his help to defend Lithgor. Mazinger does not want to intrude, but accepts to help on the condition of winning the love of Krishna, who is the woman of his dreams. Krishna had also dreamed of a man like Mazinger, but accepts mainly for the sake of her people. Mazinger warns her of the consequences of her promise, since he is a man from another world, stating that beneath the Mazinger armor, he is not like the men of Krishna's world. Even so, she accepts and Major Kabuto gets out of Mazinger, surprising the princess. Kabuto regrets that he finally finds the woman and the land of his dreams but it turns out to be of the wrong size. The princess comments that she had heard legends about the little people, about a man named Swift.
The final battle approaches and Mazinger requests to face all the Zard warriors alone. He uses his powerful armament, obliterating the Zard Empire but gets caught in another massive explosion and returns to his Earth. There, he encounters a partner who tells him that he was lost for a month, even though a day had only passed for him in the other Earth. When asked where he was, Kabuto answers that he was in an adventure and recalls his experience in Krishna's kingdom. He's interrupted by a new attack and gets ready to once again face his enemies. He says that he will keep fighting until he sees his beloved Krishna again.

</doc>
<doc id="18506518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506518" title="Curse of the Maya">
Curse of the Maya

Curse of the Maya (also known as Dawn of the Living Dead and Evil Grave: Curse of the Maya) is a 2004 horror film written, directed by and starring David Heavener.
Plot.
Renee, a former junkie still working out psychological issues, moves to the Mexico border with her doctor fiancee, Jeffrey. They befriend Michael, a local caretaker for the windmills in the area. During dinner at Renee's house, the place comes under siege by ancient Mayan zombies who Michael had killed in the past. The dead orphan connects to Renee who feels the need to solve why the ancient Mayan Zombies were killed and how to rest their souls.

</doc>
<doc id="18506520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506520" title="James B. Niven">
James B. Niven

James B. Niven was a Scottish international footballer.
James B. Niven was one of two Scottish internationalists from Moffat. The other was James Fraser.
While playing for Moffat F.C. James B. Niven was an awarded a full Scotland international cap having played in the 8-2 defeat of Ireland on March 14, 1885. The game was played at the 1st Hampden Park. Scotland were 4-0 up at half time. Alex Higgins of Kilmarnock hit a hat trick. This was the only full international cap that both received.

</doc>
<doc id="18506543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506543" title="Railway stations in Benin">
Railway stations in Benin

Railway stations in Benin include:
Cities served by rail.
Proposed.
Benin is a country that is bordered by Togo, Nigeria, and Niger
Closed.
There were two small 600mm gauge lines.

</doc>
<doc id="18506544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506544" title="Brenda Lee discography">
Brenda Lee discography

This article presents the discography of American pop and country music singer, Brenda Lee. Since 1959, Lee has issued 29 studio albums, 26 compilation albums (from major labels), and 4 video albums. Lee has also placed a total of 72 singles on the "Billboard" Pop, Country and Adult Contemporary charts, with two of these singles reaching #1 on the Pop chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18506560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506560" title="Arne Blach">
Arne Blach

Arne Blach (July 8, 1900 – July 11, 1977) was a Danish field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Copenhagen and died in Helsingør. He was the younger brother of Niels Blach and Ejvind Blach and the father of Preben Blach.
In 1928 he was a member of the Danish team which was eliminated in the first round of the Olympic tournament after two wins and two losses. He played all four matches as forward.
Eight years later he was eliminated with the Danish team in the first round of the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played one match.

</doc>
<doc id="18506566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506566" title="William Howard Doane">
William Howard Doane

William Howard Doane (born in Preston, Connecticut on February 3, 1832; died in South Orange, New Jersey on December 23, 1915) was an industrialist who composed Christian hymn tunes. He held patents on wood-working machinery and in 1861 became President of "J. A. Fay and Company". In religious work he headed the "Ohio Baptist Convention Ministers Aid Society" for the Midwest. In 1875 he received his doctorate in music from Denison University. In his musical career he edited forty-three collections of hymns and composed hundreds of hymns. He composed the music to several hymns by Fanny Crosby.

</doc>
<doc id="18506581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506581" title="Three Little Pigs – The Remixes">
Three Little Pigs – The Remixes

Three Little Pigs – The Remixes is the third EP released by comic heavy metal group Green Jellÿ in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18506582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506582" title="Kenworth T600">
Kenworth T600

The Kenworth T600 (also known as an "Anteater") was an aerodynamic semi truck.
The T600 was a radical shift in truck design compared to its cousin the W900 (from which it was based). The major difference between the two was the massive aerodynamic face lift the T600 received, which resulted in up to 22% better fuel economy due to decreased drag.
History.
Design for the T600 began in the mid 1970s (during the 1973 oil crisis) with Paccar researchers experimenting with wax models in wind tunnels. The T600 was replaced by the Kenworth T660 in 2008, which featured smoother styling.

</doc>
<doc id="18506586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506586" title="List of wards in Plymouth">
List of wards in Plymouth

The city and unitary authority of Plymouth has 20 electoral wards. Of which seven are Labour, nine are Conservative and the remaining four are mixed. Each ward has three member representatives except Drake, Plympton Chaddlewood and Plympton Erle, which have two. 27 members represent the Labour Party and 30 represent the Conservative Party making a combined total of 57 member representatives. The wards fall into one of three constituencies that make up Plymouth: Devonport, Sutton and South West Devon. The constituency of South West Devon extends beyond Plymouth with wards in Ivybridge outside of Plymouth unitary authority's boundaries. As of the 2010 General Election, there will be changes to the constituencies of which the wards fall under. The constituencies of Devonport and Sutton will merge to become Plymouth Sutton and Devonport, whilst a new constituency, Plymouth Moor View, will be formed to the north of the city. The wards of Budshead, Eggbuckland, Ham, Honicknowle, Moor View, St Budeaux and Southway will change from being in Devonport to the newly created Plymouth Moor View.

</doc>
<doc id="18506594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506594" title="Ann Dowling">
Ann Dowling

Professor Dame Ann Patricia Dowling (born 15 July 1952) DBE, FRS, FREng (born 15 July 1952) is a British mechanical engineer who researches combustion, acoustics and vibration, focusing on efficient, low-emission combustion and reduced road vehicle and aircraft noise. She is currently Head of the Department of Engineering at the University of Cambridge, where she was the first female professor in 1998.
Education.
Dowling was educated at Ursuline Convent School, Westgate, Kent and Girton College, Cambridge, where she was awarded a PhD in 1978.
Career.
Dowling's research career has been at University of Cambridge starting as a research fellow in 1977 but she has held visiting posts at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (Jerome C Hunsaker Visiting Professor, 1999) and at the California Institute of Technology (Moore Distinguished Scholar 2001).
Dowling is one of four main panel chairs for the Research Excellence Framework.
On 3 February 2012, the oil company BP announced that Dowling is to become a non-executive director with immediate effect.
Awards and honours.
Dowling was elected a Fellow of Royal Academy of Engineering (FREng) and a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2003. Her nomination reads: .
In February 2013 Dowling was listed as one of the 100 most powerful women in the United Kingdom by Woman's Hour on BBC Radio 4. and was the subject of an episode of "The Life Scientific" in 2012.
Professor Dowling is Patron of the Women's Engineering Society (WES).

</doc>
<doc id="18506596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506596" title="Helgason">
Helgason

Helgason is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Helgi". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18506618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506618" title="Eleanor Dodson">
Eleanor Dodson

Eleanor Joy Dodson FRS is an Australian-born biologist who specialises in the computational modelling of protein crystallography. 
She holds a chair in the Department of Chemistry at the University of York. 
She is the widow of the scientist Guy Dodson.
Early life and education.
She was born Eleanor MacPherson in rural Australia, the daughter of Scottish farmers. In 1958, she graduated with a degree in mathematics and philosophy from the University of Melbourne. 
Personal life.
She was married to fellow scientist Guy Dodson until his death in 2012. They have four children: Vicki, Richard, Philip and Tom.

</doc>
<doc id="18506619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506619" title="Capitalist Patriarchy and the Case for Socialist Feminism">
Capitalist Patriarchy and the Case for Socialist Feminism

Capitalist Patriarchy and the Case for Socialist Feminism was a collection of essays assembled and anthologized by Zillah R. Eisenstein in 1978.
Sociologist and Academic Rhonda F. Levine cites Eisenstein's work as a "superb discussion of the socialist-feminist position" in her anthology "Enriching the Sociological Imagination: How Radical Sociology Changed the Discipline". Levine goes on to describe the book as " one of the earliest statements of how a Marxist class analysis can combine with a feminist analysis of patriarchy to produce a theory of how gender and class intersect as systems of inequality."
"Eisenstein defines the term 'capitalist patriarchy' as descriptive of the 'mutually reinforcing dialectical relationship between capitalist class structure and hierarchical sexual structuring"
She believes that "The recognition of women as a sexual class lays the subversive quality of feminism for liberalism because liberalism is premised upon women's exclusion from public life on this very class basis. The demand for real equality of women with men, if taken to its logical conclusion, would dislodge the patriarchal structure necessary to a liberal society."
The Combahee River Collective Statement, a well known milestone in the development of Identity Politics had its initial publication in the anthology.

</doc>
<doc id="18506633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506633" title="Leo Rodak">
Leo Rodak

Leo Rodak (nicknamed "The Chicago Flash") was an American boxer from Chicago.[http://books.google.com/books?id=i-n2DDO6r50C&pg=PA68&dq=Leo+Rodak&hl=en&ei=xh-2Tqy1G6Pf0QHe7sTIBA&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=2&ved=0CDcQ6AEwAQ#v=onepage&q=Leo%20Rodak&f=false] Rodak was undefeated in his first 22 fights, with one of those wins coming against Tommy Paul.
From 1931-1933 Rodak fought in the Chicago Golden Gloves tournament. He won numerous events such as the 1931 112 lb Chicago Golden Gloves Championship, the 1931 112 lb Intercity Golden Gloves Championship, the 1932 118 lb Chicago Golden Gloves Tournament of Champions, the 1933 126 lb Chicago Golden Gloves Tournament of Champions and the 1933 126 lb Intercity Golden Gloves Championship
Rodak fought Bushy Graham to a draw in Madison Square Garden.
Rodak also fought Jackie Wilson four times. The first three fights went to a draw. The fourth fight, in Baltimore, Maryland, was for the Maryland State Version of the World Featherweight Title. Rodak won by decision.
Rodak fought Sammy Angott three times. The first fight, at Forbes Field, he won by decision. The second fight he lost by a knockout in Pennsylvania. The third fight was lost by decision in Motor Square Garden.
Rodak then fought Freddie Miller (boxer) for the Maryland State Version of the World Featherweight Title. He won by decision in Washington, D.C..
Rodak had a fight for the National Boxing Association World featherweight title, and the NYSAC World featherweight title against Joey Archibald in Rhode Island. He lost by decision.
Rodak fought Jackie Wilson (Boxer) a fifth and sixth time. He won the fifth by a decision in Chicago, and the sixth by a decision in Ohio.
Rodak fought against Maxie Shapiro in New York where he won by a decision.
Rodak then had a rematch with Maxie Shapiro at Ebbets Field and lost by a decision.
Rodak went on to fight Tippy Larkin, losing by a decision in Newark, New Jersey.
Rodak also fought the great Henry Armstrong and by a technical knock out at the Civic Auditorium.
Rodak fought Willie Joyce twice. The first fight Rodak lost by a technical knock out in Detroit, Michigan. The second fight Rodak won by decision in Hollywood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18506634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506634" title="Alexander of Judaea">
Alexander of Judaea

Alexander (Gr. , died 48 or 47 BC), or Alexander Maccabeus, was the eldest son of Aristobulus II, king of Judaea. He married his cousin Alexandra Maccabeus, daughter of his uncle, Hyrcanus II. Their grandfather was Alexander Jannaeus, the second eldest son of John Hyrcanus. Mariamne, the daughter of Alexander and Alexandra, was Herod the Great's second wife and Hasmonean queen of the Jewish kingdom.
Alexander was taken prisoner, with his father and his brother Antigonus, by the Roman general Pompey, on the capture of Jerusalem in 63 BC, but escaped his captors as they were being conveyed to Rome. In 57 BC, he appeared in Judaea, raised an army of 10,000 infantry and 1500 cavalry, and fortified Alexandrium and other strong posts. Alexander's uncle Hyrcanus (with whom Alexander's father Aristobulus had clashed) applied for aid to Gabinius, who brought a large army against Alexander, and sent Mark Antony with a body of troops in advance. In a battle fought near Jerusalem, Alexander was soundly defeated, and took refuge in the fortress of Alexandrium. Through the mediation of his mother he was permitted to depart, on condition of surrendering all the fortresses still in his power. In the following year, during the expedition of Gabinius into Egypt, Alexander again incited the Jews to revolt, and collected an army. He massacred all the Romans who fell in his way, and besieged the rest, who had taken refuge on Mount Gerizim. After rejecting the terms of peace which were offered to him by Gabinius, he was defeated near Mount Tabor with the loss of 10,000 men. The spirit of his adherents, however, was not entirely crushed, for in 53 BC, on the death of Marcus Licinius Crassus, he again collected some forces, but was compelled to come to terms by Cassius in 52 BC. In 49 BC, on the breaking out of the civil war, Julius Caesar set Alexander's father Aristobulus II free, and sent him to Judaea to further his interests there. He was poisoned on the journey, and Alexander, who was preparing to support him, was seized at the command of Pompey, and beheaded at Antioch.

</doc>
<doc id="18506645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506645" title="Stolypin car">
Stolypin car

Stolypin car (Russian: Столыпинский вагон) was a type of railroad carriage in the Russian Empire and Soviet Union.
During the Stolypin reform in Russia, which, in part have led to massive resettlement of peasants in Siberia, a special type of carriage was introduced for resettlers. It consisted of two compartments: one for passengers and another for livestock and agricultural tools.
After the Bolshevik Revolution, Cheka and NKVD found these carriages convenient for transport of larger numbers of incarcerated convicts and exiles: the passenger part was used for prison guards, whereas the cattle part was used for prisoners. 

</doc>
<doc id="18506649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506649" title="Tambao">
Tambao

Tambao is a Manganese deposit and potential mine site in the Oudalan Province, located in the Sahel Region, which the far northeastern part of Burkina Faso. Tambao has been estimated, when exploited, to be one of the largest deposits in the region. Its development, a major priority of the Burkinabe state, has been an on and off project since the 1990s. Barely served by roads or other infrastructure, the Tambao reserves are some north of Kaya and northeast of the capital, namely Ouagadougou. The Tambao Airport has been recently built to serve the deposit and the corresponding villages.
Industry.
Manganese is mined here. For at least two decades it has been considered the most potentially lucrative mining resource in Burkina, and is believed the region's largest Maganese deposit, estimated at 20 million tonnes at %52 to %53 Manganese to ore, making it one of the cryptomelane-richest ore resources in the world. The site's inaccessibility and lack of infrastructure have prevented wide scale exploitation. 
In 1993 InterStar Mining carried out 6 months of operations here, but were plagued by lack of supportive resources. Large scale exploitation was only again attempted by the Fompex consortium in 2004 and was quickly halted. Apart from total lack of operations infrastructure (power, water, construction or employment base) the biggest hurdle to commercial exploitation of the Tambao reserves is the lack of an all weather roadway capable of supporting the transport fleet needed to move ore the to Kaya, the nearest city connected to the Burkinabe road network.
In 2010, the Burkinabe government carried out talks with investors from India aimed at building a 250 km railway line from Tambao to Kaya. Later that year, the Burkinabe government tendered a series of openings for mining operations in Tambao, with Wadi Al Rawda Industrial Investments one early candidate thought likely to gain at least some concession.
In 2010 two consortia emerged offering to develop an integrated mining and rail system which, in some proposals, would not only mine and process ore, but build longer rail lines to feed into the Ivorian rail network for export at the port of Abidjan. Major contenders were a Singaporean/Indian joint venture, the Nice Group company, and a tie up of the Japanese firm Mitsui Rail Capital and Brazilian mining giant Vale S.A.
Transport.
An extension of the Abidjan-Niger Railway is proposed to this location. The Tambao Airport serves the deposit and corresponding villages.
References.
www.tambao.co.uk Informative website

</doc>
<doc id="18506664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18506664" title="Leica M4">
Leica M4

The Leica M4 is a 35 mm camera by Leica Camera AG.
Leica M4.
The M4, introduced in 1967, is the direct successor of the M3 and M2, featuring framelines for 35mm, 50mm, 90mm and 135mm lenses in a 0.72 magnification viewfinder. It has the frame counter of the M3, with automatic reset after reloading.
Three ergonomic modifications were introduced in the M4: 
Production of the M4 ceased in 1975.
Leica MDa.
A scientific version without a viewfinder was made as Leica MDa.
Leica M4-2, Leica M4-P.
Production of the M4 was wound down in 1972, in favour of the Leica M5, which had been introduced in 1971. However, the relatively bulky and expensive M5 met with a cool reception, and sales did not live up to Leica's expectations. Production of the M4 was therefore restarted in 1975, for Leica's 50th Anniversary, and in 1977 the company launched the updated M4-2, which was based on the M4's body, but with a streamlined production process that reduced manufacturing cost. The M4-2 added a hot shoe and motor drive compatibility as standard, but removed the self-timer.
The M4-2 was followed in 1981 by the M4-P, which added framelines for 28mm and 75mm lenses. The range continue with the Leica M6 in 1984, which was essentially an M4-P with TTL light metering. The M6 finally ceased production in 1998, although Leica released a special edition with a high-magnification finder in 1998.

</doc>
