<doc id="18405726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405726" title="Flora and fauna of the Outer Hebrides">
Flora and fauna of the Outer Hebrides

The flora and fauna of the Outer Hebrides in north west Scotland comprises a unique and diverse ecosystem. A long archipelago, set on the eastern shores of the Atlantic Ocean, it attracts a wide variety of sea birds, and thanks to the Gulf Stream a climate more mild than might be expected at this latitude. Because it is on the Gulf Stream, it also occasionally gets exotic visitors.
Wildlife.
Birds.
Three hundred and twenty seven species of birds have been recorded in the Western Isles and more than 100 breed. The Islands provide a natural flyway for migrating landbirds to and from their Arctic breeding grounds and a refuge for windblown vagrants from America and northern Europe. Many species of bird breed in the Western Isles and the surrounding islands, including, most of Britain's corncrakes which breed on the croftlands of all the islands.
Many species of seabirds inhabit the coastal areas of the islands, such as shag, gannets, fulmars, kittiwakes, guillemots and the ubiquitous seagulls. 
In the Uig hills in Lewis, it is possible to spot golden eagles; it has also been claimed that white-tailed eagles have been seen in the area. In the Pairc area, it is possible to see feeding oyster catchers and curlews. 
A few pairs of peregrine falcons survive on coastal cliffs and merlin and buzzard are not uncommon anywhere on hill and moor. red-throated divers nest on countless small tarns and a very few black-throated divers on bigger lochs. Arctic skuas are spreading south from Lewis as far as South Uist but the great skua is still found breeding only in Lewis, St Kilda, North Rona, the Shiant Isles and Barra Head.
The Shiant Isles have a large population of seabirds, including tens of thousands Atlantic Puffins breeding in burrows on the slopes of Garbh Eilean, as well as significant numbers of Common Guillemots, Razorbills, Northern Fulmars, Black-legged Kittiwakes, Common Shags, gulls and Great Skuas. Although St Kilda has more puffins, the sheer density on the Shiants is greater.
Berneray (North Uist).
The crofting practises on Berneray encourage a wide array of birdlife. On early summer evenings you can sometimes hear snipe drumming, and even the rasp of a corncrake. Mute swans can be seen on Loch Brusda, and greylag geese are common. In the winter they are joined by barnacle, and a few brent geese. Ravens and buzzards are often to be seen. Golden eagles and hen harriers are rarer sights, usually in the winter. Wading birds on the shore include redshanks, sanderlings, turnstones, oyster catchers, dunlin, curlews, whimbrels, ringed plovers and herons. Further out, around the shores of Berneray, are mallards, eiders, red-breasted mergansers, and, more rarely, black-throated and great northern divers. Shags and cormorants fish in the seas around Berneray throughout the year, and in summer you can see gannets diving.
St Kilda.
St Kilda is a breeding ground for many important seabird species. The world's largest colony of Northern Gannets, totalling 30,000 pairs, amount to 24 percent of the global population. There are 49,000 breeding pairs of Leach's Petrels, up to 90 percent of the European population; 136,000 pairs of Atlantic Puffins, about 30 percent of the UK total breeding population, and 67,000 Northern Fulmar pairs, about 13 percent of the UK total. Dùn is home to the largest colony of Fulmars in Britain. Prior to 1828, St Kilda was their only UK breeding ground, but they have since spread and established colonies elsewhere, such as Fowlsheugh. The last Great Auk ("Pinguinus impennis") seen in Britain was killed on Stac an Armin in July 1840. Unusual behaviour by St Kilda's Bonxies was recorded in 2007 during research into recent falls in the Leach's Petrel population. Using night vision gear, ecologists observed the skuas hunting petrels at night, a remarkable strategy for a seabird. A subspecies of Winter Wren, the St Kilda Wren "Troglodytes troglodytes hirtensis", is unique to St Kilda.
Marine life.
Salmon frequent several Lewis rivers after crossing the Atlantic. Many of the fresh-water lochs are home to fish such as trout. Other freshwater fish present include arctic char, European eel, 3 and 9 spined sticklebacks, thick-lipped mullet and flounder.
Offshore, it is common to see seals, particularly in Stornoway harbour, and with luck, dolphins, porpoises, sharks and even the occasional whale can be encountered.
Occasional turtles, mainly loggerhead and leathery, may be met in coastal waters. 
Common seals often congregate at low tide on the rocks in Bays Loch in Berneray (North Uist), Grey seals, which are larger and can be distinguished by the long noses, are also to be found there occasionally, but are more common off the West Beach. The grey seal now breeds on Hirta but did not do so before the 1930 evacuation.
The beach at Village Bay in St Kilda is unusual in that its short stretch of summer sand recedes in winter, exposing the large boulders on which it rests. A survey of the beach in 1953 found only a single resident species, the crustacean isopod "Eurydice pulchra".
Amongst the more exotic species found off the Outer Hebrides, is the giant squid ("Architeuthis") - specimens are occasionally washed up on the islands.[http://siris-bibliographies.si.edu/ipac20/ipac.jsp?uri=full=3100001~!12955!0]
Land mammals.
There are only two native land mammals in the Western Isles, red deer and otter. The rabbit, blue hare, hedgehog, brown and black rat, feral cat, Mink and polecat were introduced by man. The origin of mice and voles is uncertain.
American Mink are another introduced species (escapees from fur farms) and cause problems for native ground-nesting birds, the local fishing industry and poultry farmers. Due to this impact and following a successful eradication of the species from the Uists and Barra, the second and ongoing phase of the Hebridean Mink Project aims to rid mink from Lewis and Harris in similar fashion.
The Shiant Isles are home to a colony of Black Rats, which may originally have come ashore from a shipwreck. Apart from one or two small islands in the Firth of Forth, the Shiants are the only place in the UK where the black rat or ship's rat ("Rattus rattus") can still be found. There are thought to be about 3,000 rats on the islands. Analysis of their stomach contents has shown that the Shiant rats do eat seabirds, but it is impossible to tell if they prey on live birds or simply scavenge dead remains. 
A subspecies of Wood Mouse known as the St Kilda Field Mouse ("Apodemus sylvaticus hirtensis") is unique to St Kilda. A subspecies of House Mouse known as "Mus musculus muralis", vanished completely after the evacuation of human inhabitants, as it was strictly associated with settlements and buildings. It had a number of traits in common with a sub-species ("Mus musculus mykinessiensis") found on Mykines island in the Faroe Islands.
The St Kildans kept up to 2,000 sheep, which were removed at the time of the evacuation, but a herd of 107 indigenous Soay sheep were transferred onto Hirta from Soay and now live in a feral state. Soay sheep are a very primitive breed that do not require shearing. Numbers vary from 600 to 1,700 on Hirta, and 200 remain on Soay. A few have been exported to form breeding populations in other nations, where they are valued for their hardiness and small size. On Hirta and Soay, they prefer the plantago pastures, which grow well in locations exposed to sea spray and include Red Fescue, Sea Plantain and Sea Pink. There is also a breed of feral sheep residing on Boreray, which is one the most endangered British ovines in existence.
There are claims that the Stornoway castle grounds are home to bats. In addition, there are farmed animals such as sheep, cattle and a few pigs.
Reptiles and amphibians.
In common with Ireland, no snakes inhabit Lewis, only the slow-worm which is merely mistaken for a snake. Actually a legless lizard, it is the sole member of its order present. The common frog may be found in the centre of the island though it, along with any newts or toads present are introduced species.
Lewis was once covered by woodland, but the only natural woods remaining are in small pockets on inland cliffs and on islands within lochs, away from fire and sheep. In recent years, Forestry Commission plantations of spruce and pine were planted; but, most of the pines were destroyed by moth infestation. The most important mixed woods are those planted around Lews Castle in Stornoway, dating from the mid 19th century.
Bonnie Prince Charlie's flower ("Calystegia soldanella"), reputedly originating from French seeds dropped by Bonnie Prince Charlie is, in Scotland, found only on Vatersay and Eriskay.
Plant life in St Kilda is heavily influenced by the salt spray, strong winds and acidic peaty soils. No trees grow on the archipelago, although there are more than 130 different flowering plants, 162 species of fungi and 160 bryophytes. Several rarities exist amongst the 194 lichen species. Kelp thrives in the surrounding seas, which contain a diversity of unusual marine invertebrates. The St Kilda dandelion ("Taraxacum pankhurstianum") is a species of dandelion endemic to the island of Hirta, identified in 2012.
On Mingulay there is but a single tree — a 2 metre high poplar on a cliff overlooking Mingulay Bay. Sea Holly ("Eryngium maritimum"), otherwise rare in the Western Isles, has grown on Mingulay since at least the late nineteenth century, and Sea Milkwort ("Glaux maritima"), normally only found at sea level is able to grow on the high cliff tops due to the ocean spray and seagull manure.
Nature Reserves and Sites of Special Scientific Interest.
Isle of Lewis.
There are 15 SSSIs on Lewis in the biology category, spread across the island. Additionally, the Lewis Peatlands are recognised by Scottish Natural Heritage as a Special Protection Area, Special Area of Conservation and a Ramsar site, showing their importance as a wetland habitat for migratory and resident bird life.
Balranald RSPB Reserve.
Situated on the extreme western point of North Uist, the RSPB reserve at Balranald includes sandy beaches, rocky foreshore, marshes and sand dunes. An information centre explains the importance of traditional crofting agriculture for corncrakes and other wildlife. 
Many wading and farmland birds nest on the flower-rich machair and croft-land - perhaps your best chance to hear and to even see corncrakes.
South Uist Nature Reserve.
Loch Druidibeg in the north of the island is a National Nature Reserve owned and managed by Scottish Natural Heritage. The reserve covers 1,677 hectares of machair, bog, freshwater lochs, estuary heather moorland and hill. Over 200 species of flowering plants have been recorded on the reserve, some of which are nationally scarce. South Uist is considered the best place in the UK for the aquatic plant Slender Naiad "(Najas flexilis)" which is a European Protected Species.
Nationally important populations of breeding waders are also present, including redshank, dunlin, lapwing and ringed plover. The reserve is also home to greylag geese on the loch and in summer corncrakes on the machair. Otters and hen harriers are also seen.
Monach Islands Nature Reserve.
The Monach Islands are a National Nature Reserve for the undisturbed machair and their Grey Seal population. About 10,000 come ashore each autumn to have their pups and mate, making it one of the largest such colonies in the world. There are also a large number of nesting seabirds and a rich flora. Grey Herons nest in some of the abandoned buildings.
Mingulay and Berneray.
Mingulay and nearby Berneray became a Site of Special Scientific Interest in 1983.
Mingulay has a large seabird population, and is an important breeding ground for razorbills (9,514 pairs, 6.3% of the European population), guillemots (11,063 pairs) and Black-legged Kittiwakes (2,939 pairs). Shags (694 individuals), fulmar (11,626 pairs), puffins (2,072 pairs), storm petrel, common terns, arctic terns, bonxies and various species of gull also nest in the sea-cliffs. Manx shearwaters nested on Lianamul stack until the late 18th century, when they were driven away by puffins, and tysties have also been recorded there.
Sheep graze the island’s rough pastures and there is a population of rabbits, introduced by shepherds after the 1912 evacuation. Grey seals are abundant, numbers having grown substantially since the departure of human residents. Although they do not breed, up to 1,000 make use of the beach in winter.
Flannan Isles.
The Flannan Isles provide nesting for a population of seabirds, including Atlantic Puffins, Northern Fulmars, European Storm-petrels, Leach's Petrels, Common Shag and Black-legged Kittiwakes. There is a gannetry on Roaireim. From the late Middle Ages on, Lewismen regularly raided these nests for eggs, birds and feathers. 
There is a population of Arctic Hares, brought to the islands by the lighthouse keepers, and crofters from Bernera graze sheep on the most fertile islands. 
Minke and Pilot Whales, as well as Risso's and other species of dolphin are commonly observed in the vicinity.
The islands became a Site of Special Scientific Interest in December 1983.
St Kilda.
On his death on 14 August 1956, the Marquess of Bute's will bequeathed the archipelago to the National Trust for Scotland provided they accepted the offer within six months. After much soul-searching, the Executive Committee agreed to do so in January 1957. The slow renovation and conservation of the village began, much of it undertaken by summer volunteer work parties. In addition, scientific research began on the feral Soay sheep population and other aspects of the natural environment. In 1957 the area was designated a National Nature Reserve.
In 1986 the islands became the first place in Scotland to be inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, for its terrestrial natural features. In 2004, St Kilda achieved a joint 'marine' status for its superlative natural features, its habitats for rare and endangered species, and its internationally important population of seabirds. By 2005 St Kilda thus became one of only two dozen global locations to be awarded World Heritage Status for both 'natural' and 'cultural' significance. The islands share this honour with internationally important sites such as Machu Picchu in Peru, Mount Athos in Greece and the Ukhahlamba/Drakensberg Park in South Africa.
The St Kilda World Heritage Site covers a total area of 24,201.4 hectares (93.4 sq mi) including the land and sea. The land area is 854.6 hectares (2,111.8 acres).
St Kilda is a Scheduled Ancient Monument, a National Scenic Area, a Site of Special Scientific Interest, and a European Union Special Protection Area. Visiting yachts may find shelter in Village Bay, but those wishing to land are told to contact the National Trust for Scotland in advance. Concern exists about the introduction of non-native animal and plant species into such a fragile environment. 
St Kilda's marine environment of underwater caves, arches and chasms offers a challenging but superlative diving experience. Such is the power of the North Atlantic swell that the effects of the waves can be detected below sea level. In 2008 the National Trust for Scotland received the support of Scotland ’s Minister for Environment, Michael Russell for their plan to ensure no rats come ashore from "The Spinningdale", a Spanish fishing vessel grounded on Hirta. There was concern that bird life on the island could be seriously affected. Fortunately, potential contaminants from the vessel including fuel, oils, bait and stores were successfully removed by Dutch salvage company Mammoet before the bird breeding season in early April.

</doc>
<doc id="18405763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405763" title="List of Virginia Tech Hokies football seasons">
List of Virginia Tech Hokies football seasons

This is a list of seasons completed by the Virginia Tech Hokies football team of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS). Since the team's creation in 1891 by professor Ellison A. Smyth—who coached the team in its first game, which was played the next year—the Hokies have participated in more than 1,100 officially-sanctioned games, including 26 bowl games.
Historically, the Hokies have had limited success. From 1892 to 1921, Tech competed as a football independent. The Hokies won several games against larger, better-funded teams during this time, but did not compete in many games outside the American South. From 1921 to 1964, Tech was a member of the Southern Conference and won the conference championship in 1963. The membership of the Southern Conference fluctuated wildly at times during Tech's tenure. When the conference was created in 1921, it boasted 23 teams. This number was reduced when the Southeastern Conference and Atlantic Coast Conference split away in 1932 and 1953, respectively. By the time Tech won the conference championship in 1963, the conference's membership had shrunk to less than 10 teams. Tech administrators, wanting to expand the football program, chose to leave the conference and become a football independent once more.
Though Tech joined athletic conferences in other sports during the 1980s, it remained a football independent until 1991, when Virginia Tech became a member of the Big East conference. In 1993, Tech received an invitation to the Independence bowl, beginning a 16-year streak that has seen the Hokies invited to a bowl game at the conclusion of every season since then. In 1995, the Hokies defeated the Texas Longhorns in the 1995 Sugar Bowl, vaulting them into national prominence. In recent years, Virginia Tech football teams have been ranked among the best in the country according to season-ending polls. In 2000, Virginia Tech participated in the 2000 Sugar Bowl, which served as the national championship game of the 1999 college football season. In addition to that appearance, the Hokies have participated in several other Bowl Championship Series games, which represent the highest tier of postseason accomplishment.
Today, the Hokies are a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) and have competed in that conference since 2004, when the Hokies left the Big East. Tech won three Big East conference championships prior to departing that conference, and since joining the ACC, the Hokies have won that conference four times.

</doc>
<doc id="18405768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405768" title="Transport in Tyne and Wear">
Transport in Tyne and Wear

Tyne and Wear is the metropolitan area which includes all of Sunderland and Newcastle. However, Tyne and Wear is not an urban area as there are large green spaces between Newcastle and Sunderland. There is currently a large transportation system in Tyne and Wear, which includes a metro system, a bus network and an international airport. Nexus are the passenger transport executive responsible for transport in Tyne and Wear with its headquarters based in Newcastle, the primary transport hub of North East England. 
Rail transport.
History.
Newcastle arguably had the world's first local railway, the Newcastle & North Shields Railway (N&NSR), which opened in June 1839. The N&NSR opened between North Shields and Carliol Square in Newcastle. It was later extended to Tynemouth, which allowed through trains from the Blyth & Tyne Railway to run. The railway was also extended to Newcastle Central station, which opened in 1845. Most of the railway was closed in 1973.
Metro.
The Tyne and Wear Metro - also known simply as the Metro - is a metro system which connects Newcastle to Sunderland as well as the other boroughs. It is one of only two cities in the UK outside London to have an urban rail metro system. The network opened in 1980, and in 2005-2006 provided 36.6 million public journeys on its route of nearly . A large part of the network uses the old main line on the Newcastle & North Shields Railway. The Metro system currently consists of two lines:
Mainline Services.
Newcastle Central station is a key stop on the East Coast Main Line. Passenger services are operated by several companies:
Sunderland station which opened in 1879. The current regional operator Northern Rail provides an off-peak service of one train per hour between Sunderland and Newcastle in both directions, with many trains also running to the MetroCentre shopping centre, Hexham, Carlisle and Middlesbrough.
The service to Newcastle Central Station is now considered an express service, calling only at Heworth, which is also served by the Metro, but the lines are segregated at this point. The former stopping service (which called at Seaburn, East Boldon and Brockley Whins) is now provided only by the Metro.
In January 2006 new operator Grand Central was granted permission to run four trains per day from Sunderland to London Kings Cross. Grand Central began running services on 18 December 2007.
Air Travel.
Newcastle Airport is the tenth busiest airport in the United Kingdom. Destinations served include Galway, Paris, Dublin, Newquay, Plymouth, Toronto, London, Copenhagen, Brussels, Aberdeen, Birmingham, Cardiff, Isle of Man, Southampton, Stavanger, Alicante, Barcelona, Belfast, Bristol, Geneva, Faro, Ibiza, Kraków, Mahón, Málaga, Murcia, Nice, Palma de Mallorca, Prague, Rome-Ciampino, Dubai, Aberdeen, Exeter, Jersey, Limoges, Rennes, Arrecife, Corfu, Cork, Pisa, Rhodes, Tenerife, Düsseldorf, Hannover, Girona, Milan and many more places.
The airport is connected to Newcastle by a half hourly bus service and by metro.
Bus.
Tyne and Wear has an extensive bus network that is coordinated by Nexus. Bus services are operated by 3 main companies: Arriva North East, which serves to the north and east of Newcastle, North Tyneside and Northumberland. Go North East serves mainly Gateshead and County Durham. Stagecoach North East provides most services within Newcastle, Sunderland and South Shields. QuayLink is a hybrid electric bus service operated between Newcastle Quayside and Gateshead Quays. 
The main bus stations within Tyne and Wear are Eldon Square and Haymarket in Newcastle, Gateshead Interchange and Park Lane Interchange in Sunderland.
Coach.
Long distance National Express services operate from Newcastle Coach Station and Sunderland's Park Lane Interchange to destinations such as Edinburgh, Glasgow, Harrogate, Hull, Sheffield, Nottingham, Leeds, Bradford, Manchester, Liverpool, Chester, Wrexham and Bangor.
The low-fare Megabus services run daily from Newcastle and Sunderland to Birmingham, Cardiff, Coventry, Cwmbran, Leeds, London, Manchester, Sheffield and Wakefield. Additionally, coaches run from Newcastle to Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh, Inverness and Perth. The coaches stop outside Newcastle railway station, rather than the Coach Station.
Road.
Major roads in the area include the A1 (Gateshead Newcastle Western Bypass), stretching north to Edinburgh and south to London; the A19 heading south past Sunderland and Middlesbrough to York and Doncaster; the A69 heading west to Carlisle; the A167, the old Great North Road, heading south to Gateshead, Chester-le-Street, Durham and Darlington; and the A1058 Coast Road, which runs from Jesmond to the east coast between Tynemouth and Cullercoats. Many of these designations are recent—upon completion of the Western Bypass, and its designation as the new line of the A1, the roads between this and the former line through the Tyne Tunnel were renumbered, with many city centre roads changing from a 6-prefix to their present 1-prefix numbers.
Water Travel.
Newcastle has access to an international Ferry Terminal, at North Shields, which offers services to destinations including Amsterdam, Stavanger, Haugesund and Bergen. The Shields Ferry also operates between North Shields and South Shields, in North and South Tyneside respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18405775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405775" title="Iskul Bukol">
Iskul Bukol

Iskul Bukol was a Philippine situational comedy show that aired on the IBC 13 network from 1977 to 1990. It starred Filipino comedians Tito Sotto, Vic Sotto, and Joey de Leon. The show centered on their lives as students of the fictional "Wanbol University", parodying its real life counterpart, Arellano University. The show's theme song, also titled "Iskul Bukol", is sung to the tune of Elvis Presley's "All Shook Up."
Back to Iskul Bukol.
"Back to Iskul Bukol" is the 1999 TV sequel to the original "Iskul Bukol" series also formerly aired on IBC 13 and in cooperation with Viva Television, Corp.. De Leon is the only member of the original cast to return. He plays an English literature professor who decides to go back to his old school to teach and wreak havoc like in the old days. Things could not get any worse when he finds out that one his students, Ludwig von Tapia (Jeffrey Tam), is actually Miss Tapia's love child. The series also starred Val Sotto, Marissa Sanchez, Ruby Rodriguez, Patricia Javier, Gian Sotto (as Jigs), Mausi Wohlfarth (as Mumai), Maui Taylor, and Katya Santos. It also featured cameo roles by Bing Angeles (as Mang Temy) and Mely Tagasa (as Miss Tapia). The show ran for two seasons. 
Its canonicity in the official "Iskul Bukol" timeline is in question despite the appearance of Gian Sotto and Jeffrey Tam in "Iskul Bukol 20 Years After".
Iskul Bukol's Influence.
In the GMA-TV documentary show "I-Witness", presenter Jay Taruc revisited "Iskul Bukol" and the Philippines’ comedy trio (Tito, Vic, and Joey) in a 2007 retrospective episode titled "Wanbol University" and discovered that TVJ merchandise was still a hit.
Iskul Bukol 20 Years After (Ungasis and Escaleras Adventure).
"Iskul Bukol 20 Years After (Ungasis and Escaleras Adventure)" is a 2008 Philippine comedy movie that depicts the characters 20 years after the end of the original television series. It is the third of the series of "Iskul Bukol" films. The first three films were 1978's "Iskul Bukol the Movie", 1980's "Iskul Bukol Freshmen", and "The Best of Iskul Bukol: The Movie" in 1987.
Iskul Bukol Mini-Reunion in 2007.
A Iskul Bukol mini-reunion was celebrated on June 30, 2007 in the GMA-TV show Eat Bulaga!'s Bulagaan portion. Mely Tagasa, Tito Sotto, Joey de Leon and Vic Sotto appeared, reprising their roles from Iskul Bukol.
Iskul Bukol (TV5 remake).
On December 3, 2010, TV5 executive Percy Intalan announced that Iskul Bukol will be remade as a joint project with APT Entertainment. Fred Lo, Sam YG, and Alwin Uytingco will play the three main characters, with Erika Padilla and Regine Angeles in supporting roles. However, Joey de Leon's son Keempee, who also appeared with his father in the original series, said the new show will not feature any of the original characters nor anyone related to them, although it will still be set in Wanbol University. He added that the series will have partial influences from Glee and How I Met Your Mother.

</doc>
<doc id="18405786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405786" title="Taita Hills Association">
Taita Hills Association

Taita Hills Association (THA) was a political organization established around the issue of land alienations in Taita Taveta District. It was established in 1939 as a branch of Kikuyu Central Association (KCA) and banned in 1940 with KCA and Ukamba Members Association. The association was linked to the land politics of colonial Kenya. 
The main political goals of the association were: 
In the time of the banning the association had 4000 supporters. After banning these supporters continued the work to 1950's but in the beginning of Mau Mau uprising the activity of the association diminished.

</doc>
<doc id="18405790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405790" title="Frank McCarthy (artist)">
Frank McCarthy (artist)

Frank McCarthy (born 30 March 1924 — 17 November 2002) was a prolific American artist and realist painter renowned for advertisements, magazine artwork, paperback covers, film posters, and paintings of the American West.
Born in New York City, he studied under George Bridgman and Reginald Marsh at the Art Students League of New York then attended the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn.
McCarthy began his art career as a commercial illustrator, opening his own studio in 1948. He did illustrations for most of the paperback book publishers, magazines, including "Colliers", "Argosy", and "True", movie companies, and advertisements.
Among McCarthy's film poster work were "The Ten Commandments", "The Great Escape", "The Train", "The Glory Guys", "The Dirty Dozen", "Dark of the Sun", "On Her Majesty's Secret Service", "Once Upon a Time in the West", and in conjunction with Robert McGinnis "Thunderball" and "You Only Live Twice".
McCarthy left the commercial art world in 1968 in order to concentrate on Western paintings. In 1975 he was invited to join the Cowboy Artists of America. His painting, "Long Hard Ride" was used by The Marshall Tucker Band in 1976 for the cover of their fifth studio album by the same name. He was inducted into the Society of Illustrators Hall of Fame in 1997.
McCarthy died of lung cancer in 2002 at his home of 30 years in Sedona, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="18405799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405799" title="Samuel Mbambo">
Samuel Mbambo

Rev. Samuel Kaveto Mbambo (born in Kavango Region) is a Namibian diplomat, historian, and academic. He is the Governor of the Kavango Region, and a former ambassador of the Republic of Namibia to the Russian Federation.
Mbambo is also a pastor in the Evangelical Reformed Church of Africa and President of the Council of Churches in Namibia.
In April 2013 Mbambo was appointed as Governor of Kavango Region, succeeding Rapama Kamehozu

</doc>
<doc id="18405801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405801" title="Li Weijun">
Li Weijun

Li Weijun (; Pinyin: Li Wěijūn; born 1 December 1981 in China) is a professional Chinese football Goalkeeper who currently plays for Meizhou Kejia.
Club career.
Li Weijun began his football career with second tier football club Shenzhen Kejian and would mainly be used as a reserve player before he joined third tier football team Dongguan Nancheng in 2004. After having a spell at second tier club Anhui Jiufang he would move to Hong Kong First Division League team South China on July 2008, however his spell at the club was unsuccessful and he left in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18405814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405814" title="Okka Rau">
Okka Rau

Okka Rau (born January 5, 1977 in Leer, Lower Saxony) is a female beach volleyball player from Germany, who won the gold medal at the 2003 European Championships in Alanya, partnering Stephanie Pohl. She represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece and the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
Rau is playing for the volleyball department of the multi sport club Hamburger SV in Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18405827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405827" title="Sam Roberts discography">
Sam Roberts discography

This is the full discography for the Canadian rock musician Sam Roberts.
Miscellaneous.
These songs have not appeared on a studio album released by Roberts:

</doc>
<doc id="18405833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405833" title="Close to Me">
Close to Me

Close to Me may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18405838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405838" title="Hugh Ross (musician)">
Hugh Ross (musician)

Hugh C. M. Ross (born c. 1898, died 20 January 1990, in Manhattan, New York City, age 91), was a choral director and conductor of the Schola Cantorum of New York.
He was born in Langport, Somerset, England, the son of David Melville Ross, the canon of Wells Cathedral. A student of organ, piano and violin, he became a fellow of the Royal College of Organists at 17, the youngest ever. He was an artillery officer in France during World War I but continued studying at the Royal College of Music and at Oxford University.
After being employed as the conductor of the Winnipeg Choir in Canada, in 1927 he moved to New York to lead the Schola Cantorum. In 1933 he became a professor at the Manhattan School of Music. He also served on the faculty of Queens College, City University of New York. One of his notable students was Filmer Hubble.

</doc>
<doc id="18405845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405845" title="Close to Me (G-Unit song)">
Close to Me (G-Unit song)

"Close to Me" has been confirmed as the third and final official single from G-Unit's second album, "".
Background.
Despite "" doing decent sales G-Unit managed to release a third single. In an interview with G-Unit, Tony Yayo explained the track "Straight Outta Southside" is his favorite track off the album, with "T.O.S. (Terminate on Sight)" being Lloyd Banks' and "Close to Me" being 50 Cent's, hence "Close to Me" being the third single.
Originally "Party Ain't Over" was going to be the fourth and final single, but due to unimpressive sales of the album a fourth single was never made, which makes "Close To Me" the third and final single from the album.
Music video.
The music video premiered on This Is 50. The music video is animated, like the video for "Piggy Bank" and the song "My Buddy".

</doc>
<doc id="18405863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405863" title="Lidar detector">
Lidar detector

A lidar detector or laser detector is a passive device designed to detect the infrared emissions of law enforcement agencies' lidar speed detection devices and warn motorists that their speed is being measured.
A limitation of lidar is that it cannot be used while a police car is in motion, because it requires the operator to actively target each vehicle, whereas traditional radar can be operated while the police officer is driving his car. Other restrictions include a precipitation free environment, as the laser can produce erratic readings from airborne moisture or smoke. Popularity of lidar speed detection is on the rise, though, as costs decline, ease of operation approaches radar, and existing radar equipment reaches its end-of-service life and is rotated out of service.
Lidar detectors are generally less effective than radar detectors as the emissions they monitor are more brief, more concentrated and less easily scattered than radar; a motorist may therefore not have sufficient time to respond to the burst transmission of a lidar device, or the narrow beam might be focused on a specific part of a vehicle where the sensor cannot "see" it. 

</doc>
<doc id="18405871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405871" title="Red to Kill">
Red to Kill

Red to Kill () is a 1994 category III Hong Kong film directed by Billy Tang Hin-Shing.

</doc>
<doc id="18405874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405874" title="Los Gatos Creek">
Los Gatos Creek

Los Gatos Creek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18405885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405885" title="East African Wildlife Society">
East African Wildlife Society

East African Wild Life Society (EAWLS) is a membership-based non governmental conservation organization. It was founded in 1961 following the amalgamation of the Wildlife So­ci­e­ties of Kenya and Tanzania (themselves both found­ed in 1956). 
Vision.
The vision of the Society is
Mission.
The mission of the Society is to promote the conservation and wise use of the environment, especially wildlife, by advocating for rational policies and appropriate resource management regimes, in conjunction with promoting best practice and good governance.
Publications.
EAWLS publishes two magazines, which are SWARA and the "African Journal of Ecology", both are based in Nairobi, Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="18405886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405886" title="Viva Saturn">
Viva Saturn

Viva Saturn was a rock group from Los Angeles, California founded by former members of Rain Parade.
History.
When Rain Parade decided to take a break in 1988, Steven Roback formed a new project, Viva Saturn, with fellow Rain Paraders John Thoman and Will Glenn. The band's self-titled mini-LP debut was released in 1989. The next year, after Will Glenn left to join David Roback's Mazzy Star, the band relocated to San Francisco, where Rain Parade co-founder Matt Piucci came on board for production and guitar playing duties. 
Over the next few years the band used various musicians, including Ross Inden (bass) and Carlo Nuccio (drums) to record a series of notable neo-psychedelic albums, including 1992's "Soundmind", featuring guest appearances from Jack Waterson and Chris Cacavas of Green on Red fame, and Barbara Manning of 28th Day. This was followed in 1995 with the more pop, but still electro-acoustic psychedelia rooted "Brightside". The band recorded a final album, "Ships of Heaven" in 1998, but this album has not been released to date. 
After Viva Saturn, Steven Roback embarked on a solo career. Nuccio joined Continental Drifter.

</doc>
<doc id="18405891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405891" title="2006 Nestea European Championship Final">
2006 Nestea European Championship Final

The 2006 NESTEA European Championship Final (or the 2006 European Beach Volleyball Championships,) was held from August 25 to August 28, 2006 in The Hague, Netherlands. It was the fourteenth official edition of the men's event, which started in 1993, while the women competed for the thirteenth time.
The Championships were part of the 2006 Nestea European Championship Tour.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18405897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405897" title="Bibliography of Prem Rawat and related organizations">
Bibliography of Prem Rawat and related organizations

Bibliography of Prem Rawat and related organizations lists bibliographical material regarding Prem Rawat and organizations like Divine Light Mission, Elan Vital and The Prem Rawat Foundation.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18405908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405908" title="European Pressphoto Agency">
European Pressphoto Agency

European Pressphoto Agency B.V. is an international news photo agency.
Images from all parts of the world covering news, politics, sports, business, finance as well as arts, culture and entertainment are provided by a global network of over 400 professional photographers and included in the epa news photo service. The epa picture service is based both on the broad network of epa's staff photographers all over the world and on the daily production of its member agencies, which are all market leaders in their respective countries. All photos are edited and distributed to clients and partners worldwide by the editorial headquarters in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, which is staffed 24 hours daily.
The epa service.
epa built up a reputation for reliable, independent and unique photo coverage.
The international picture service of epa is used by diverse media as well as epa's partners and shareholders worldwide. At present epa’s editorial service offers approximately 1,100 new images on an average day.
In 2011 the epa service consisted of a split down to the following categories:
Since 2003 the epa picture service developed as follows:
The epa service is being delivered via satellite delivery, FTP or web access, depending on the customer's needs.
The epa archive.
The epa photo archive dates back to 1997 and has about three million images on stock. The major part of the archives can be accessed online through the ‘epa webgate’. A personal login is being provided by epa for its clients, partners and on request.
History.
epa was founded in 1985 by seven European news agencies. The agencies, AFP of France, ANP of the Netherlands, ANOP (now Lusa) of Portugal, ANSA of Italy, Belga of Belgium, dpa of Germany and EFE of Spain were motivated by what they saw as a lack of alternatives to the Anglo-Saxon picture services offered at the time.
Originally conceived as a vehicle to exchange the pictures of the member agencies’ domestic service; it also included the world service of AFP and other European services and suppliers. It expanded to a more independent entity as Eastern Europe opened up. The opening of these new markets, along with the war in the former Yugoslavia, led epa to employ its own photographers in those regions. Despite these developments, epa remained under the auspices of their member/owners whom it exclusively served.
epa shareholders and epa going global.
By 1995 epa had ten members with the additions of KEYSTONE later in 1985, APA of Austria in 1986, and Lehtikuva of Finland in 1987. Pressensbild of Sweden joined in 1997 followed by Scanfoto (later Scanpix Norway) of Norway and Nordfoto (later Scanpix Denmark) of Denmark in 1999. pap of Poland joined epa in 2001.
In early 2003 after extensive restructuring and the departure of AFP, epa successfully made its service available to the worldwide market. Later in 2003 Lehtikuva, Scanpix Denmark/Norway and Pressensbild (later Scanpix Sweden) decided not to continue as a shareholder of epa. However, Scanpix Norway, Sweden and Denmark continued cooperation with epa under the name of Scanpix Scandinavia.
ANA of Greece (now ANA-MPA) joined epa as a shareholder in 2004 followed by mti of Hungary in 2005.
Today epa has eleven shareholders, all being market leaders in their respective countries:
Competition.
As one of the leading global news photo agencies epa's competitors are Associated Press, Reuters and AFP/Getty Images.
Photojournalists.
Lucas Dolega, an epa photojournalist, was the first journalist to have been killed during the 2010-2011 Tunisian protests and the first journalist to have died during the Arab Spring uprisings.

</doc>
<doc id="18405912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405912" title="URO VAMTAC">
URO VAMTAC

The URO VAMTAC () is a Spanish four-wheel drive military vehicle manufactured by the UROVESA. It is similar in appearance and design to the Humvee of the United States Military. More than 2,000 of the vehicles have been delivered to the Spanish Armed Forces. Several other countries operate the VAMTAC as well, and it has seen service most recently in Afghanistan. The vehicle comes in two models, named I3 and S3, and has several configurations.
Development.
The URO VAMTAC was developed by the Spanish company URO, Vehiculos Especiales S.A. to meet the requirement of the Spanish military for a multipurpose, air-portable, high mobility off-road vehicle with good payload capacity. After the vehicle was tested by the Spanish Ministry of Defence, UROVESA received a five-year contract and the URO VAMTAC was produced from 1998 to 2003. In October 2005, the Ministry of Defence awarded a new five-year contract for the URO VAMTAC after a three-month trial period. This also introduced some changes, and the two models of the vehicle which were named T3 and T5, were re-designated as I3 and S3 respectively. The URO VAMTAC is similar in appearance and design to the U.S. Military's Humvee, because both vehicles were designed to meet similar requirements and specifications.
Operational history.
Approximately 1,200 units were delivered to the Spanish military under the initial contract from 1998. Roughly 60% of these were of the T5 model (later S3), and the rest were T3 (later I3). By late 2009, around 900 more units had been delivered under the second contract, bringing the total procured by Spanish forces to approximately 2,100 vehicles. All the vehicles delivered under the second contract have been of the S3 model. The military has equipped about 25% of the vehicles received under the initial contract with ballistic kits, increasing their armour. URO VAMTACs have been used by the Spanish National Police as well.
In April 2013, the Vamtac was selected as the chosen vehicle for all branches of the Spanish armed forces. A total of 772 vehicles were to be acquired over a 5 year period.
The Spanish military has used the URO VAMTAC in Afghanistan, as well in Congo and Lebanon. However, Spain intends to replace or at least supplement their URO VAMTACs with mine resistant ambush protected vehicles that provide better protection. Several other countries use this vehicle.
Features and characteristics.
The URO VAMTAC comes with four-wheel drive capability, and is available in three primary configurations – command and control, chassis-cab, and pick-up. The first comes with a four-door cab. The latter two versions are available with three cab types: two-door, four-door, or a four-door version with smaller rear doors and less cab space. Shelter type or cargo bodies such as hardtops can be added to the rear compartment, as well as weapons. It can accommodate a wide range of weapons including machine guns, grenade launchers, anti-tank missiles, 81 mm mortars, M40 recoilless rifles and light air defence missiles.
The vehicle has a length of width of and a height of . The curb weight of the vehicle ranges from to , and has a payload capacity ranging from to . Both these specifications vary depending on the version. The URO VAMTAC has a range of more than , and can negotiate 70% gradients and 50% side slopes. It is powered by Steyr Motors' M16-"Monoblock" engine (6-cylinder, turbocharged diesel engine, 135 kW) coupled with a five speed automatic transmission. The I3 uses a engine, while the S3 is equipped with a one.
Variants.
There are several variants of the URO VAMTAC according to the armament and configuration used. Several support variants have been produced with capabilities for towing, firefighting and resupplying. Notable variants include:

</doc>
<doc id="18405920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405920" title="Sinomenine">
Sinomenine

Sinomenine or cocculine is an alkaloid found in the root of the climbing plant "Sinomenium acutum" which is native to Japan and China. It is traditionally used in herbal medicine in these countries, as a treatment for rheumatism and arthritis. However, its analgesic action against other kinds of pain is limited. Sinomenine is a morphinan derivative, related to opioids such as levorphanol and the non-opioid cough suppressant dextromethorphan. Its anti-rheumatic effects are thought to be primarily mediated via release of histamine, but other effects such as inhibition of prostaglandin, leukotriene and nitric oxide synthesis may also be involved.

</doc>
<doc id="18405986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405986" title="Ningyuan">
Ningyuan

Ningyuan may refer to the following locations in China:

</doc>
<doc id="18405989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18405989" title="Ingrid Tørlen">
Ingrid Tørlen

Ingrid Tørlen (born July 21, 1979 in Ålesund) is a Norwegian beach volleyball player. Her beach volleyball partner since 2002 has been Nila Håkedal. The pair competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece where they were placed 22nd.

</doc>
<doc id="18406029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406029" title="Coyote Lake">
Coyote Lake

Coyote Lake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18406067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406067" title="Constantin Grigorie">
Constantin Grigorie

Constantin Mihail Grigorie (born 1 June 1950 in Craiova) was the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Romania to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18406079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406079" title="Paradise Lost discography">
Paradise Lost discography

This article lists the comprehensive discography of the British gothic metal band Paradise Lost.

</doc>
<doc id="18406081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406081" title="Pacific Basin Shipping Limited">
Pacific Basin Shipping Limited

Pacific Basin Shipping Limited () is a marine transportation company engaged in dry bulk international shipping services through the operation of a fleet of vessels. Its vessels are chartered on both short-term and long-term contracts to transport commodities such as forest products, cement, fertilizer, iron and steel products, and grains.
Pacific Basin was first founded as Pacific Basin Bulk Shipping Limited, a bulk carrier operator, in 1987, but it was acquired and privatised by an independent company in 1996. However, the former senior manangement reestablished the company as Pacific Basin Shipping Limited in 1998. Pacific Basin Shipping Limited was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18406089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406089" title="Lo Chun Kit">
Lo Chun Kit

Lo Chun Kit (, born 13 November 1985 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player playing for Hong Kong First Division League team Sun Pegasus. His position is right-back.
Career statistics.
"As at 20 September 2008"

</doc>
<doc id="18406090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406090" title="Alexandra Shiryayeva">
Alexandra Shiryayeva

Alexandra Alexandrovna Shiryayeva () (born February 9, 1983, in Leningrad) is a 6'2", 165 lbs, female beach volleyball player from Russia. She claimed the gold medal at the 2006 European Championships in The Hague, Netherlands, partnering with Natalya Uryadova.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, she and her partner Natalya Uryadova were defeated in an historical game against Georgia while war was raging between the two countries. In an AP article by Jimmy Golan published on August 13, 2008, Alexandra Shiryayeva showed courage and grace in defeat by declaring “We just want to end the conflict, all the history between us was friendly.”

</doc>
<doc id="18406104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406104" title="Patrick Chokala">
Patrick Chokala

Patrick Segeja Chokala is a former ambassador of the United Republic of Tanzania to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18406117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406117" title="Natalya Uryadova">
Natalya Uryadova

Natalya Nikolayevna Uryadova () (born March 15, 1977 in Moscow) is a female beach volleyball player from Russia. She claimed the gold medal at the 2006 European Championships in The Hague, Netherlands, partnering with Alexandra Shiryaeva.

</doc>
<doc id="18406161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406161" title="Gijs Ronnes">
Gijs Ronnes

Gijs Ronnes (born 10 June 1977 in Boxmeer, North Brabant) is a male beach volleyball player from the Netherlands. He claimed the silver medal at the 2006 European Championships in The Hague, Netherlands, partnering Jochem de Gruijter. His younger brother Bram is also a professional beach volleyball player in the international circuit.
His father Frans Ronnes is mayor of Haaren.

</doc>
<doc id="18406166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406166" title="Jaya the Cat">
Jaya the Cat

Jaya The Cat is a Dutch/American reggae/ska/punk rock band originating from Boston, Massachusetts (US), currently based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The band formed in 1998 and has released four full-length studio albums, one independent release and one live album.
Band members.
Geoff Lagadec - vocals, guitar
Dino Memic - guitar, vocals
Jan Jaap "Jay" Onverwagt - bass, keyboards, vocals
David "The Germ" Germain - drums
Johan "Leon" van 't Zand - keyboards
History.
Jaya The Cat was founded in the late 90's by Geoff Lagadec (vocals/guitar), Dave Smith (guitar/vocals), and Ben Murphy (bass/vocals) in Boston, Massachusetts. Their first recording "O'Farrell" was an independent release that gained much attention and got them their first record deal on Gold Circle Records. Their first major release album "Basement Style" was recorded at Slaughterhouse studios in Amherst, Massachusetts (with studio drummer and longtime friend of Murphy's JJ O'Connell) and was received well among critics and fans and gained attention in the northeast and southwest of the United States, but really began to pick up steam in Europe. After drummer David "The Germ" Germain (formerly with Shadows Fall) joined the band they began touring the US on the Vans Warped Tour and Europe.
In 2001 the band arrived in Holland to play the Lowlands Festival, and in 2003 they recorded a live album, "Ernesto’s Burning". After the release of the second album "First Beer of a New Day" Dave Smith (guitar) and Ben Murphy (bass) quit the band. Shortly afterwards, Smith and Murphy formed the American rock/punk/country band 'Ragged Old Flag'. The remaining members of Jaya the Cat decided to move to Amsterdam where they teamed up with Jan Jaap "Jay" Onverwagt (bass, ex-Green Lizard) and Alejandro Londoño (guitar, ex-Agresión) to continue their efforts from Europe.
In 2005, Brian Tjon Ajong (guitar, also ex-Green Lizard) joined the band to replace Londoño. Shortly after, Jordi Nieuwenburg replaced Tjon Ajong on guitar and Onverwagt, who had moved on to play keyboards for the band, was replaced by Steven Brautigam on bass.
The band's third album "More Late Night Transmissions With... "was released on November 16, 2007 by I Scream Records. "More Late Night'"s sound is considerably more laidback compared to their previous releases, drawing more on reggae influences than the previous two albums.
The fourth studio album "The New International Sound Of Hedonism" was released by Music in the summer of 2012. 
After the release of "Hedonism", the band was joined by Johan "Leon" van 't Zand (live keys, ex-Mark Foggo) to complete the live formation.
Jaya the Cat, though the lineup has changed numerous times throughout the years, always remains true to its roots and continues to press on forward. In June 2013, original bassist Ben Murphy rejoined the band on stage in Holland to play a handful of songs from the first two releases as Jay took over duties as party MC.

</doc>
<doc id="18406187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406187" title="Lisięcice">
Lisięcice

Lisięcice is a village located in the Opole Voivodeship (southern Poland), Głubczyce County, Gmina Głubczyce. It lies approximately north-east of Głubczyce and south of the regional capital Opole.

</doc>
<doc id="18406207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406207" title="Futi">
Futi

Futi is the first Portuguese electric vehicle made by António Febra's company FUTI. It runs exclusively on electric power and can be charged at home.
According to António Febra himself in an interview for TVI television channel, it's scheduled to be commercialized by June 2009 but orders have already been received. It will cost between 13000 and 16000 Euros depending on battery option. SIC also covered this story. Both channels featured footage of António Febra driving Futi on public roads.
Futi is also fully recyclable.
References.
Futi flyer

</doc>
<doc id="18406231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406231" title="Christoph Dieckmann">
Christoph Dieckmann

Christoph Dieckmann (born January 7, 1976 in Bonn) is a male beach volleyball player from Germany. He claimed the gold medal at the 2006 European Championships in The Hague, Netherlands, partnering Julius Brink. He competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. His twin brother Markus is also a professional beach volleyball player in the international circuit.
Sponsors.
Swatch

</doc>
<doc id="18406236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406236" title="Bizingo">
Bizingo

Bizingo is a two-player strategy board game created sometime in the 1850s in the United States. Two opposing armies on a triangular grid face off against one another. The game seems unrelated to any other, except perhaps to Awithlaknakwe by the native American Indians.
Goal.
The goal of the game is to reduce your opponent's numbers to two.
Equipment.
The board is in the shape of a triangle (an equilateral triangle of sides of 13 units, but with triangles of 2 unit sides missing from each corner). One hundred and fifty-seven smaller triangles thus form the spaces of the board in an alternating pattern of two colors usually green and white. Each player has 18 pieces. Two of the pieces are captains, and 16 normal pieces. One player is Red and the other is Black, although any two colors are appropriate.

</doc>
<doc id="18406258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406258" title="Fancy Free (The Oak Ridge Boys album)">
Fancy Free (The Oak Ridge Boys album)

Fancy Free was the fifth studio album by the Oak Ridge Boys. It was released on March 26, 1981. It featured the groups biggest hit "Elvira". "Somewhere in the Night" was covered by Sawyer Brown in 1987 from their album of the same name. The title of the album was suggested by longtime Oak Ridge Boys personal assistant Charles Daunis, and he is thanked for this contribution in the liner notes.
The album is certified double platinum by the RIAA. It was also one of the first albums ever to achieve multi-platinum certification in the US, achieving the certification on October 12, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18406259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406259" title="List of Estonian wars">
List of Estonian wars

Below is a list of military conflicts in which Estonians participated or took place on Estonian territory.
The Middle Ages.
Estonia remained one of the last corners of medieval Europe to be Christianized. In 1193 Pope Celestine III called for a crusade against pagans in Northern Europe. The Northern Crusades from Northern Germany established the stronghold of Riga. With the help of the newly converted local tribes of Livs and Letts, the crusaders initiated raids into part of what is present-day Estonia in 1208.
The Reformation Period.
By the late 1550s, the Reformation and Counter-Reformation had caused internal conflicts in Livonian Confederation, while its Eastern neighbour Russia had grown stronger after defeating the khanates of Kazan and Astrakhan. The conflict between Russia and the Western powers was exacerbated by Russia's isolation from sea trade. Neither could the tsar hire qualified labour in Europe.
The National Awakening period.
1889 marked the beginning of the central government-sponsored policy of Russification. The impact of this was that many of the Baltic German legal institutions were either abolished or had to do their work in Russian - a good example of this is the University of Tartu. As the Russian Revolution of 1905 swept through Estonia, the Estonians called for freedom of the press and assembly, for universal franchise, and for national autonomy.
The Declaration of Independence.
After the collapse of the short-lived puppet government of the United Baltic Duchy and the withdrawal of German troops in November 1918, an Estonian provisional Government retook office. A military invasion by the Red Army followed a few days later, however, marking the beginning of the war of independence.
The Second World War.
The first period of independence lasted 22 years, beginning in 1918. Estonia had pursued a policy of neutrality, but it was of no consequence after the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany signed the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact on August 23, 1939 in which the two great powers agreed to divide up the countries situated between them with Estonia falling in the Soviet "sphere of influence".

</doc>
<doc id="18406264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406264" title="Thomas Sinito">
Thomas Sinito

Thomas James Sinito, also known as "The Chinaman" (September 18, 1938 − December 21, 1997), was a powerful Caporegime in the Cleveland crime family who was once accused of plotting the assassination of then mayor of Cleveland, Ohio, Dennis J. Kucinich in 1979. Kucinich later became a candidate for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in the 2004 and 2008 elections.
Biography.
Early life.
Sinito was born on Woodland Ave in Cuyahoga, in Cleveland, to Frank and Lena Sinito (née Longo). Frank ran the Sinito Brothers fruit market in Cleveland. Frank's cousin Charles (Chuck) Sinito worked in organized crime as a money launderer. Frank was a maternal cousin of the convicted corrupt Cleveland municipal prosecutor, Thomas Longo who represented the Bedford, Highland Hills and Chagrin Falls townships and was a candidate for the Bedford Municipal Judgship in May 1997. Sinito was the nephew of (Giuseppe Antonio Berardinelli) Joey Maxim by marriage, the legendary Italian-American boxer who became the 1952 Lightweight Boxing Champion of the World.
Thomas Sinito married Irene B. Mitroff in 1960 and they had two children. In 1990, Irene died in a Lake Erie boating accident. After divorcing Irene, Sinito took a second wife, Kristine, with whom he had a daughter.
Early association with the Cleveland family.
Thomas Sinito's involvement with the Cleveland family Capo, Angelo "Big Ange" Lonardo began when he worked as a bartender at Angelo's Highlander Restaurant and Lounge on Northfield Road. Prior to this acquaintance, he had served many years as an errand boy for the mob, tending various vending machine routes. Later, Sinito had several of his own ventures, including part ownership in a Valley Forge, Pennsylvania amusement park. This amusement park provided an ingenious way to launder money undetected, which came from various gambling, drug trafficking and loansharking pursuits, through the amusement park’s cash flow.
Sinito had a wide assortment of interest and investments in both legitimate as well as illegitimate businesses. Sinito cautiously invested in many illegitimate business holdings, and greatly profited from the investments he made. Locally, he entered the vending machine business with lucrative washer and dryer accounts at numerous apartment buildings. Sinito also ran some coin operated vending machine routes, from which he derived a significant bulk of his earnings. His business front was a gift basket company, on Chagrin Boulevard, once a favored area for Mob business and socialization. 
In addition to the gift basket shop Sinito opened in Beachwood, Ohio, he also co-owned the Appliance Mart with his brother Chuck. The Appliance Mart was a business front for the Cleveland family. The mart, which opened in 1972, had two locations, one in Euclid, Ohio and the other in Bedford, Ohio on Northfield Road. The Bedford store soon became a major base of operations for Sinito, from which he regularly met with Lonardo and other mobsters, discussed various illegal activities, short term as well as long term criminal plots, schemes and scams, and operated various illegal activities. Detailed plans for drug trafficking, conspiracies to kill police informers and other violent measures were conceived and acted on from meetings in the back rooms of Appliance Mart.
Sinito was a talented extortionist and operated a lucrative loansharking scheme out of Appliance Mart. Appliance Mart would extend credit to customers it knew wasn’t credit worthy and then use forceful extortion tactics to make good on the payment. One of the victims of this loansharking scheme included a small time career criminal named Carmen "Jinglebells" Zagaria, who would later become a partner with Sinito and manage a major drug trafficking ring. Zagaria owed Sinito a large amount of money, the interest on which, grew larger and larger. Sinito and the other mob leaders controlled Zagaria as a result of the high interest on his loan shark debts.
The nickname.
There are many stories on how Sinito acquired the nickname "The Chinaman". One version said that nickname derived from his eyes, which allegedly look slanted "like a Chinaman’s". Another version stated that the nickname described his silent, calm, stoic, disciplined and inscrutable demeanor, the stereotypical qualities of a Chinese man. Another version cited a resemblance to actor David Carradine to the television show "Kung Fu", and to a claim that Sinito made karate chops when angry. However, the most popular story was that in either 1973 or 1974 Sinito allegedly threw 10 to 30 people out of a bar on Cleveland’s West Side during a brawl.
Cleveland’s Model Cities scandal.
Sinito was a minor figure involved in the 1973 Cleveland’s Model Cities scandal. In August 1973, Robert Doggett was the director of the Model City program, which was a federally federal initiative created under President Lyndon B. Johnson’s Great Society Program during the 1970s. The program funneled millions of dollars into major cities in an effort to help the poor. Local Cleveland area civic and community groups were to determine how to use these funds. Originally the first planned amount was to be $45 million. A federal audit later undertaken by the GAO showed much of the Federal funds were wasted. The General Accounting Office's audit showed at least as much as $9.2 million were misspent on fraud and waste.
A prominent Cleveland mobster and drug trafficker Ronald Bey was hired by then Mayor Ralph J. Perk, into a high level administrative staff position, for the purpose of conducting a drug control feasibility study. An investigation of the corruption and graft in the Model Cities program lead to Mayor Perk’s administration. Bey worked in Mayor Perk’s administration, and appeared in several photographs alongside Mayor Perk. In spite of Perk’s protests that he didn’t know Bey worked for the City of Cleveland, the photographs of both men decorated city hall.
The mob wanted its front companies to receive the biggest contracts. While walking to his office on St. Clair, Doggett was shot in the belly and nearly died. His would-be assassin was found a few days later, floating facedown in the Ohio River. The shooter's name was Gerald "Chick" Johnson, a former employee of a shady contractor who was seeking a city contract.
Bey became a suspect in the Robert Doggett shooting. Cleveland Police investigators uncovered information, that three days earlier, Doggett had refused to pay Bey’s $3,111 fee on his service contract. A Special Grand Jury was convened to Investigate the Model Cities shooting. Its purpose was to investigate Doggett’s shooting and how the Model Cities program was administered.
Sinito was one of the witnesses subpoenaed to testify. According to Sgt. Edward Kovacic, of the Cleveland Police intelligence unit, Johnson's car was leased from a dealership where Sinito worked. Although Sinito was granted immunity from any charges that might result from this Special Grand Jury’s findings, he refused to cooperate, and testify before a grand jury. No individuals, including Bey, were ever indicted from the results of this Special Grand Jury.
Conflict with Danny Greene.
In 1975, the legendary Irish-American mobster, Danny Greene began asserting himself in the vending machine racket, which had traditionally been a Mafia racket, and began muscling into many of the Cleveland Mafia's gambling operations. This greatly angered the Cleveland family leadership. According to a mob informant, this move brought him into conflict with Sinito. Sinito considered Greene an extortionist and felt that Greene’s coined operated laundry contracts with their excessive fees were nothing more than extortion. 
Danny Greene controlled some of the more lucrative laundry contracts which Sinito was competing for. Sinito and mob associate, Joseph "Joey Loose" Iacobacci soon murdered one of Greene’s associates. Greene’s response was to have one of his gang, possibly his cousin Kevin McTaggart, wire a bundle of dynamite to the frame of Sinito’s car. Sinito found the bomb in his car, attached to the frame. He removed the bomb, disarmed it and later destroyed it. This act of war by Greene drew Sinito into the Mafia war with Greene in Cleveland during the 1970s, where he would play a significant role.
Kucinich assassination plot.
As the Cleveland family waged its gang war against Danny Greene, newly elected Mayor Dennis J. Kucinich fought hard to sever the Mafia's old ties to local government. In 1977, Kucinich mandated that all city contracts Cleveland had with various companies would be re-evaluated. In an effort to save money for the financially strapped city, he would have these contracts re-bid on, with the contracts going to the lowest bidder. This decision put him at odds with the Cleveland Mob. That same year, Kucinich refused to sell Municipal Light, Cleveland's public power plant, to private interests that stood to financially gain from the purchase. 
The Cleveland family didn’t care whether or not Kucinch sold the Municipal Light system to the highest bidder, its sale didn’t affect them. Re-bidding on the city contracts they held through various front companies would, however, adversely affect the Cleveland family's interests. The most coveted deal was the garbage-hauling contract once held by Danny Greene, before an associate of his named James Palladino took it over. Palladino made no secret of his contempt for Kucinich, after the mayor awarded the contract to another businessman not directly connected to organized crime.
Some city contracts, especially in garbage hauling, had been under total mob control since the late 1940s. When Kucinich announced in both daily papers, the Plain Dealer and the now defunct Cleveland Press, that he planned to review all city held contracts and open them to the lowest outside bids, it greatly infuriated the Cleveland family hierarchy. Kucinich also began reviewing all of the garbage hauling contracts after coming to office. Every mob-held front company having any city contracts were to be investigated and criminal charges brought against the racketeers. This meant being convicted on federal racketeering charges under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, with its stiff penalties, such as long jail sentences.
These aforementioned reasons propelled mob boss, James Licavoli, with the advice of Lonardo to order a hit on Kucinich in 1978. In face of some opposition by lower level associates, Sinito stubbornly defended Licavoli's decision and it was then decided to use the services of an outsider professional hitman, since using local associates for the job could trace back to them.
Sinito’s uncle Joey Maxim, who worked in an Atlantic City casino helped him contact a contract killer. However, the supposed killer was, in fact, an undercover Maryland State Police officer using the name Gene, who specialized in posing as a contract killer. The two met in the Atlantic City casino where Maxim worked. Gene walked into the casino’s lounge where he’d been told to meet Sinito. During the meeting, Sinito introduced himself only as Tommy and successfully hired Gene for the Assassination plot. Gene was initially paid $25,000 for his services. After the meeting, Gene informed Cleveland Police who soon made a connection to Sinito, after checking police records.
Several bizarre plans were discussed. One was to kill Kucinich as he left Tony’s Diner on West 117th and Lorain Avenue. Gene would perch on an outside steel fire escape across the street, armed with a sniper rifle and shoot Kucinich when he came out of the diner. A second plan was to shoot Kucinich as he marched down Euclid Avenue in the 1979 Columbus Day Parade. But the hit didn't happen because an ulcer inside Kunicich's stomach burst before the event, and the mayor was rushed to the hospital. The assassination plot continued for three long years, but never came to fruition.
When Cleveland Trust called in long-standing debts in retaliation for Kucinich's refusal not to sell Municipal Light, the city went into default and Kucinich's popularity plummeted. The hit was eventually called off when Kucinich did not win reelection in 1979. Gene returned to Maryland. In 1984, the Kucinich plot would result in a probe into the Cleveland Mafia’s part in the assassination plot. The plot to kill Kucinich was not made public until 1984. Even Kucinich had been kept in the dark. In the past, Kucinich has implied he believes it was divine intervention that kept him from the parade that day.
Made man.
Due to his business savvy and tremendous money-earning abilities, Sinito soon acquired a reputation as an earner and gained a high level of trust in the Cleveland Family. His refusal to testify in the Model Cities scandal, as well as his active role in the Mafia's war with Danny Greene helped to cement this solid reputation within the family. Like many of the old time mafioso, he was very cautious in his dealings with others and extremely low profile. These factors caused him to slip away unknown and undetected from the attention of local law enforcement for a short period of time. 
Unlike many of his fellow mobsters such as Carmen Zagaria, Kevin McTaggart and the Graewe brothers, Sinito was not a psychopath. Ever the diplomat, Sinito always preferred to primarily use reason rather than violence, when dealing with a problem. He saw murder only as a means of preventing treachery and protecting their interests and profits from their criminal enterprises. However, Sinito would never shy away from using violence or committing a murder to protect his or the family's interest, when the situation deemed it necessary. He was strictly Machiavellian in his decisions, using and manipulating others as he saw fit. 
During the 1970s, Sinito became a regular at Jackie Presser’s restaurant "The Forge". These frequent visits to this notorious mob hangout brought him under Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) surveillance. Throughout this period, Sinito and his mob cohorts never realized that Presser, along with his business partner, Tony Hughes, were FBI informants. Presser had been feeding information to the FBI about Mafia activities since 1968.
When Lonardo was promoted to underboss in 1976, Sinito was given control over Lonardo's crew. Upon his promotion, Sinito also received a share of the profits which were regularly being skimmed from the Stardust, Fremont, and Desert Inn casinos in Las Vegas by the Chicago Outfit and the various mid-western Mafia families. The Cleveland family received a total of about $40,000 a month from the skim.
In the midst of the Mafia's war with Greene, Licavoli gained permission from Anthony Salerno, head of the Genovese crime family, to initiate ten new official members, including Thomas Sinito in 1977.
In 1979, Sinito together with his mob colleague, Joseph Gallo, was eventually made into the Cleveland family. The induction ceremony took place in a small private back room at the Italian-American brotherhood Club in Cleveland's Murray Hill district, on Mayfield Road. The sacred Mafia vow of Omerta was administered to the duo by the Underboss, Angelo "Big Ange" Lonardo. Also present in the ceremony was mob boss, James T. Licavoli, and Charlie Casra, a retired member of the Cleveland Family.
Involvement in the Zagaria drug trafficking network.
After the assassination of Greene, Sinito became heavily involved in the drug trade. The underworld war with Greene and his subsequent assassination resulted in a massive federal crackdown that proved to be very costly and disastrous for the Cleveland family. Many high ranking mobsters were incarcerated and convicted for crimes related to the war, and the Cleveland family was losing a lot of money and potential profits due to these incidents. Determined to recover most of the profits lost, the Cleveland family soon turned to the previously taboo rackets of Narcotics trafficking. In spite of the official "no drugs" policy, Sinito engaged in drug trafficking for the family, and did so with the tacit approval of the imprisoned mob boss, James Licavoli. However, Licavoli's underboss, Angelo Lonardo, was totally opposed to drug dealing and unsuccessfully tried to steer Licavoli against it. 
During this period, the Cleveland family was involved in a large-scale narcotics network that distributed and sold marijuana, cocaine, quaaludes, and other controlled substances. The narcotics network was overseen by Cleveland mobster, Carmen P. Zagaria, who was controlled in the operation by Sinito and another Capo, Joseph Charles Gallo. In spite of his Italian-American heritage and deep involvement in business dealings with the Cleveland family, Zagaria refused Gallo's offer to be "made" into the family, with the rank of a Caporegime. It is estimated that in 1981 alone, Zagaria's drug network brought in approximately $15 million and was considered the largest narcotics network in northeast Ohio.
Years later, while testifying in front of the US Senate, Lonardo testified that Sinito was running a major narcotics trafficking network for the Cleveland family in the late seventies. The profits were delivered up to Licavoli, with Sinito taking a cut. He also stated that, at that time, Sinito was known for organizing hits on anyone who crossed him, not only other drug dealers stepping on his turf, but friends, too.
The massive drug ring operation created by the merger of the smaller drug rings in the 1970s continued to operate and generate profit for the mob. It operated until the FBI arrested and got convictions to imprison the drug kingpins running it. Cocaine, marijuana, repackaged illegally obtained prescription drugs, hashish, LSD, PCP and heroin were sold through Zagaria’s ring. Drug mules made regular deliveries of raw drugs to safe stash houses in Cleveland. The raw drugs would then be processed for street sales.
Zagaria recruited new street level workers to keep the drug operation running, money counting, distribution, mules, processing raw drugs for sale and selling the drugs. Some of these new recruits, Keith Ritson and Greene’s cousin, Kevin McTaggart, were former members of the Celtic Club. The Gallo, Sinito and Zagaria drug operation flourished, a triumph for all of its managers. The Zagaria, Gallo and Sinito drug ring accounted for 40% of illegal drug sales in Cuyahoga County. The drug ring’s activities drew the attention of the FBI and it began a two-year investigation of the drug ring’s activities. 
After becoming the focus of an FBI investigation codenamed "Operation Busmark", Carmen Zagaria was convicted in state court of selling drugs, and sentenced to 10 to 30 years in prison. He became a fugitive while out on bail, but gave himself up to the FBI at Holy Cross Cemetery on September 23, 1982. Facing the original conviction and sentence, additional federal drug charges, weapons charges, and potential indictments against his family members, Zagaria became a government witness and admitted to leading a drug enterprise and over 19 murders committed by the network. 
With his near photographic memory, Zagaria's testimony would prove incriminating and quite damaging to his former crime associates. He would go on to testify against Sinito, Angelo Lonardo, Hans Graewe, Joseph C. Gallo and Kevin McTaggart for vast narcotics dealings and the 19 murders.
The Perrier and Bonarigo murders.
Sinito was involved in the murder of a Cleveland gangster named Joseph Bonarigo. After supposedly hearing of a murder threat against the Cleveland family hierarchy from Bonarigo, Sinito went to Licavoli and Lonardo and informed them of the threat. Sinito was then given permission to contract for Bonarigo's murder, which was given to Joe Iacobacci. Iacobacci used the help of a Hell's Angels member in the murder of Joe Bonarigo. However, after finding out that Sinito was in the dope business with Zagaria, Lonardo assumed that Sinito wanted Bonarigo out of the way for his dope business, and not because of any real threat to them.
David Perrier had been a collector of loanshark debts for Sinito. Perrier had a drug problem and would get drunk and get into fights at the local bars. Sinito had told Lonardo that he was worried about Perrier, as he thought Perrier had already talked to law enforcement about Sinito's illegal activities. One time, Perrier created a scene at a bar in Mayfield Heights, Ohio, when he made statements against Licavoli and slapped Licavoli's friend, Steve "Darby" Calcavecchio. Later, Perrier met Licavoli and got on his knees and begged Licavoli's forgiveness. Perrier continued his erratic behaviour.
Around 1981, Perrier was found shot to death. Suspecting that Perrier was talking to the feds, Sinito killed him. He and another mobster picked Perrier up and drove him to an area near Warren, Ohio. After repeatedly shooting Perrier four to five times in the head, Perrier didn't die and continued to struggle with them. According to Lonardo's testimony to the Committee on Governmental Affairs in 1988, Perrier told Sinito, "You son of a bitch. I thought we were brothers." Perrier lived for a short while, then died. They then dumped the body from the car. Sinito then disposed of the car by burning it, as it was soaked with blood.
Arrest and imprisonment.
After Mafia boss James Licavoli was indicted for racketeering in connection with the murder of Danny Greene in 1982, Angelo Lonardo, took control of the Cleveland crime family. He led the family until 1984. During that year, Lonardo was convicted of running the Zagaria drug trafficking network, and was sentenced to life in prison. He then became an informant, making him the highest ranking Mafia turncoat up to that time. He informed on powerful Mafiosi from numerous families while in prison, and caused serious damage to the Cleveland family's infrastructure.
On October 16, 1981, Sinito was convicted of conspiring to conduct a racketeering activity, engaging in a racketeering activity, making extortionate extensions of credit, making collections of extensions of credit by extortionate means, attempting to evade income tax, and filing false and fraudulent income tax returns. The United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio sentenced him to eighteen years imprisonment and a $20,000 fine. Sinito began serving his sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution in Ashland, Kentucky on November 19, 1981. 
On July 2, 1986, Sinito pleaded guilty to charges of engaging in a continuing criminal enterprise, and possession with intent to distribute; cocaine. He was sentenced by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, to a term of imprisonment of twenty-two years, and a concurrent term of imprisonment of five years, with a special parole term of three years. This sentence was to run concurrently with the federal sentence Sinito had been serving. On July 17, 1986, Sinito plead guilty to voluntary manslaughter in connection with the 1981 execution murder of David Perrier, in Trumbull County. He received a sentence of seven to twenty-five years for manslaughter from an Ohio state court.
Even while incarcerated, Sinito remained a major influence in the Cleveland Mafia. Angelo Lonardo warned the FBI, that Sinito was one of the few made members who possessed the strong will and determination necessary, to revive the Cleveland family after being released from prison. From prison, Sinito recommended two new members, Russell Papalardo and Joseph "Loose Lips" Iacobacci, Jr, be inducted into the Cleveland crime family in 1983.
He was seeking early release from the state parole board, when he died of a heart attack in the exercise yard, at the Belmont Correctional Institution near St. Clairsville, Ohio. He was 59 years old at the time of his death. During Sinito’s funeral service, on December 23, 1997 at St. John’s Cathedral, his former defense lawyer, James Willis summed up Sinito's life by calling him "courageous and honorable." Of Sinito, Willis said; "If he told you something you could take it to the bank. He wasn’t a cry baby... He was from the old school." Sinito is buried in Knollwood Cemetery, Mayfield Heights, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="18406272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406272" title="Besim Tafilaj">
Besim Tafilaj

Besim Tafilaj is a Kosovar-American basketball player.

</doc>
<doc id="18406277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406277" title="The Indian Brothers">
The Indian Brothers

The Indian Brothers is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring Frank Opperman and featuring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18406278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406278" title="Sohrab Goth">
Sohrab Goth

Sohrab Goth () is a suburb of Gadap Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It acts as an entry point to Karachi from the rest of Pakistan. There is a bridge over the Lyari River connecting other areas of Karachi to Sohrab Goth. Bridge building started in 2000 and completed in 2006.
The population of Sohrab Goth is predominantly Pakhtun and the majority belong to the Mehsud tribe. 

</doc>
<doc id="18406281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406281" title="Tłustomosty">
Tłustomosty

Tłustomosty (pronounced: , German: "Stolzmütz") is a village located in the Opole Voivodeship (southern Poland), Głubczyce County, Gmina Baborów. It lies approximately south-east of Baborów, south-east of Głubczyce, and south of the regional capital Opole.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (see "Territorial changes of Poland after World War II").

</doc>
<doc id="18406294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406294" title="2009–10 in Hong Kong football">
2009–10 in Hong Kong football

The 2009-10 season in Hong Kong football, starting July 2009 and ending June 2010:
Representative team.
Hong Kong Team.
Asian Cup qualifiers.
Hong Kong played in their Asian Cup 2011 qualifying campaign.
Guangdong-Hong Kong Cup.
Hong Kong's 2-1 win to Guangdong in first leg, Julius Akosah scored two goals in his first game for Hong Kong. However, Guangdong scored two goals by Li Jian in second leg. Guangdong win the Guangdong-Hong Kong Cup. Hong Kong has been stopped to be crown-of-four.
Hong Kong U-23.
East Asian Games.
2009 East Asian Games was held in Hong Kong form 2 December 2009 to 13 December 2009. The tournament was won by Hong Kong, who claimed their first international football tournament title. They defeated Japan 4–2 in a penalty shootout in the final, after extra time had finished in a 1-1 draw.
Hong Kong-Macau Interport.
Match Detail
Asian clubs competitions.
AFC Cup 2009.
Eastern.
Eastern have no game in 2009–10 season since eliminated in group stage.
South China.
South China played AFC Cup 2009 from round of 16. The team eliminated in semi-final.
"5–5 on aggregate. South China won on away goals."
"Al-Kuwait won 3–1 on aggregate."
AFC Cup 2010.
NT Realty Wofoo Tai Po.
NT Realty Wofoo Tai Po eliminated in group stage.
South China.
South China eliminated in round of 16.

</doc>
<doc id="18406308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406308" title="Pan Head">
Pan Head

Pan Head (born Anthony Johnson, 1966, Saint Mary Parish, Jamaica, died October 1993, Spanish Town) was a ragga/dancehall deejay.
Biography.
Pan Head emerged in 1985, and after working for several years with the "Love Vibration" and "Scorpio" sound systems, he released his first single, "Gimme Lickle Lovin'" in 1988. Early releases such as "Respect Gunman", "Punny Printer", and "Gunman Tune" were immediately popular in Jamaica. As his popularity grew, he performed with the likes of Buju Banton, Beenie Man, and Capleton. Earlier themes of violence and homophobia gave way in 1993 to more mature subject matter with "African Princess", "Under Bondage", and "Teaser". Although he was predicted to be a major star, his career was cut short when he was shot dead as he left a dance in Spanish Town in October 1993, leaving a widow and two children. The crime has never been solved.
Pan Head's death shocked the music community in Kingston, and prompted several performers to record tributes; Capleton recorded "Cold Blooded Murderer", Buju Banton released the single "Murderer", and Beenie Man and Luciano collaborated on "No Mama No Cry", which went to number one in Jamaica in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18406310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406310" title="Lymphangion">
Lymphangion

A lymphangion is the functional unit of a lymph vessel that lies between two semilunar (half moon-shaped) valves.
Lymph vessels are channels larger than the lymph capillaries that have thicker walls, valves in their lumen and smooth muscles in their walls, thus lymph vessel lymphangion is muscular and capable of contracting on its own. Additionally the lymph in it is propelled forward only because of force exerted on its walls from the exterior. Such forces include skeletal muscle contractions and arterial pulsations. Also, the inspiration during respiration provides a suction pressure within the lumen.
The semilunar valves are directed towards the flow of the lymph and open when the pressure in the first lymphangion is greater than the pressure in the next lymphangion. Pressure in the first lymphangion may increase because of smooth muscle contraction (in lymph vessel) or because of pressure on the walls from outside (in a capillary) result because of. Alternatively, pressure within the next lymphangion may decrease because of negative pressure as a result of inspiration. Once, the lymph flows into the next lymphangion, it cannot return to the previous lymphangion, as the semilunar valves close tightly.
In conditions when the pressure in a lymphatic is sufficiently great, the valves may fail, and there can indeed be backward flow of lymph resulting in edema of the drained region. This may happen with blockage of lymph flow because of pathology in the draining lymph node or at some point in the vessel.

</doc>
<doc id="18406317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406317" title="White Noise (The Living End song)">
White Noise (The Living End song)

"White Noise" is the first single from The Living End's fifth studio album, "White Noise". Released on 5 July 2008, after the "White Noise" track was the most added song on Australian radio in the weeks previous, it went on to top the Australian Airplay Chart. The single was also released exclusively on iTunes and Nokia Music, with respective bonus B-Sides.
The single has now been accredited platinum status in Australia. The song also won the 2009 Song of the Year at the APRA Awards.
A music video was produced for this song, featuring The Living End playing on a car park rooftop in Brisbane.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Chris Cheney.

</doc>
<doc id="18406327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406327" title="Estonian Border Guard">
Estonian Border Guard

The Estonian Border Guard () is the Estonian security authority responsible for the border security. It is a military organization, subordinate to the Ministry of the Interior. The Border Guard also assists with Search and Rescue missions. The Estonian Border Guard Aviation Corps ("Piirivalve Lennusalk") provides air support the Estonian Border Guard (Piirivalve). It is based at the Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport. Most Border Guard posts have helipads. 
Aircraft.
The fleet consist of some fixed and rotary wing aircraft. New Agusta Westland AW-139 helicopters were bought with European Union funds support. 
One week in autumn 2011 there were no operational AW-139 available. To prevent situations like this in the future it is important for the Border Guard to acquire additional aircraft or further develop their medium helicopter capability Estonian Defence Forces (SAR available).
Main tasks of Aviation unit is:
Former aircraft.
In 1995 Estonia received 4 surplus Mi-8, and 2 L-410 from Germany. These aircraft were provided to the Border Guard. Several of the helicopters were modified and adapted for search and rescue operations and painted in appropriate SAR colours instead of original military camouflage.

</doc>
<doc id="18406330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406330" title="Salvatore Miceli">
Salvatore Miceli

Salvatore Miceli (born April 12, 1946, in Salemi) is a member of the Sicilian Mafia. He was on the "Most wanted list" of the Italian Ministry of the Interior from 2001 until his arrest in Venezuela in June 2009.
Biography.
Miceli was born in Salemi, Italy, in the province of Trapani. He was the grandson of the notorious heroin trafficker Salvatore Zizzo. Together with Roberto Pannunzi, he is considered to be the intermediary between the Mafia and the Calabrian 'Ndrangheta clans with Colombian cocaine cartels. He was involved in a cocaine trafficking network with Mariano Agate, the Mafia boss of Mazara del Vallo and Calabrian clans of Marando, Trimboli and Barbaro from Platì. 
The ring was dismantled in May 2003 – but Miceli remained at large. His wife Veronica Dudzinski and his sons Ivano and Mario Miceli were arrested in May 2003, when the cocaine trafficking network was disrupted.
Some Mafia turncoats (pentiti) referred to Miceli as the Minister of Foreign Affairs, due to his frequent trips abroad. Others called him "the chicken that lays golden eggs", referring to his lucrative drug business.
In the beginning of the 1990s, after a failed cocaine transport, Mafia boss Giovanni Brusca condemned Miceli to death. However, he was saved thanks to the intervention of Vincenzo Sinacori and Matteo Messina Denaro – the boss of Castelvetrano – who made clear that Miceli belonged to the Mafia in the province of Trapani, and that the "palermitani" could not act against him without the permission of the Mafia bosses of Trapani.
Arrest.
On June 20, 2009, Salvatore Miceli was arrested by police in Caracas, Venezuela. The arrest was made after a joint operation between Italian and Venezuelan authorities and Interpol agents. He was apprehended as he left his house on Sunday, along with two other unnamed Italian suspects. Miceli, who had been on the run from authorities since 2001, had been under police surveillance for three days prior to his arrest. The former head of Italy's Antimafia parliamentary commission, Giuseppe Lumia, suggested that Miceli's arrest would be a major blow to the Sicilian Mafia and their trans-Atlantic drug trafficking operations. 
Venezuela extradited Miceli to Italy on June 30, 2009, to serve his prison term. He was convicted for drug trafficking and Mafia conspiracy in 2001. Since then he again has been charged for cocaine trafficking between Colombia, Sicily and Calabria.

</doc>
<doc id="18406336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406336" title="A Country Cupid">
A Country Cupid

A Country Cupid is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives.

</doc>
<doc id="18406370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406370" title="Richard Bayfield">
Richard Bayfield

Richard Bayfield was an English Protestant martyr. A graduate of the University of Cambridge, he became a Benedictine monk. Whilst acting as Chamberlain of the Abbey of Bury St Edmunds, he was approached by the Protestant reformer Robert Barnes and given a copy of the New Testament translated into English. He became influenced by Protestant ideas as a result.
This led to Bayfield being imprisoned and interrogated by Bishop Tunstall. He recanted, but escaped to the Low Countries where he joined the English exiles and proved to be of great help to William Tyndale. He then returned to England and was active in circulating the New Testament and other prohibited books, including the works of Luther, Zwingli and Melancthon. He was discovered, imprisoned and tortured, before being burnt at the stake at Smithfield on 4 December 1531, by St. Thomas More. 

</doc>
<doc id="18406375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406375" title="Acronychia oblongifolia">
Acronychia oblongifolia

Acronychia oblongifolia, commonly known as white aspen, is a small to medium sized rainforest tree of the Rutaceae (citrus) family endemic to eastern Australia, distributed from Queensland to Victoria. The true aspens of the northern hemisphere belong to the genus "Populus" in the family Salicaceae. "A. oblongifolia" has green foliage and white succulent fruit appearing over winter to late spring.
Taxonomy.
The white aspen was first described by Allan Cunningham in 1834 as "Cyminosma oblongifolia", before being reclassified as "Acronychia oblongifolia" by German botanist Gustav Heynhold in 1840. The specific name, from the Latin "folium" "leaf", refers to the oblong shape of the leaves. Common names include Common Acronychia and Yellow Wood as well as white aspen. The trade name is Hard Aspen.
Description.
"Acronychia oblongifolia" grows as a shrub or medium-sized tree and can reach 27 m (90 ft) in height. The trunk is dark brown and generally smooth, although can have fine wrinkles, fissures or pustules. The leaves are arranged oppositely on the stem and measure 3–12 cm (2–5 in) long and 1–5 cm (0.4–2 in) wide, oblanceolate, leathery, dark green and aromatic. Flowers are 1 cm (0.4 in) across, followed by white, yellow or purplish edible berries, which are round and measure 0.8–1.2 cm (0.3-0.5 in) across, and have a four-lobed apical tuft of hairs. The fruit are ripe between May and November (to January in Victoria) and are consumed by the Green Catbird, Regent Bowerbird, Satin Bowerbird, Pied Currawong, Topknot Pigeon, White-headed Pigeon and Wompoo Fruit Dove.
Distribution and habitat.
Found from Gympie in central Queensland south through New South Wales and into eastern Victoria, its natural habitat is rainforest and rainforest margin. Mostly shrubby, places where "Acronychia oblongifolia" reaches tree size include the rainforest of the McPherson Range on the New South Wales/Queensland border, and Mitchell River Gorge in Victoria.
Cultivation.
"Acronychia oblongifolia" is fairly readily cultivated in a well-drained soil and sunny aspect, and benefits from extra water and fertiliser. It is somewhat frost tender when young. It is propagated by seed or cutting. Reported have a taste akin to orange, the berries are pleasantly piquant and aromatically flavored, being used in preserves.

</doc>
<doc id="18406386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406386" title="Miroslav Kostelka">
Miroslav Kostelka

Miroslav Kostelka (born 31 January 1951 in Františkovy Lázně) is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Czech Republic to the Russian Federation. In 2003-2004 he served in the cabinet of Vladimír Špidla as a Minister of Defence.

</doc>
<doc id="18406395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406395" title="2007 Nestea European Championship Final">
2007 Nestea European Championship Final

The 2007 NESTEA European Championship Final (or the 2007 European Beach Volleyball Championships,) was held from June 24 to June 26, 2007 in Valencia, Spain. It was the fifteenth official edition of the men's event, which started in 1993, while the women competed for the fourteenth time.
The Championships were part of the 2007 Nestea European Championship Tour.
The teams could earn qualifying points for the Beijing 2008 Olympics, from one of their two finishes at the 2007 or 2008 Championships.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18406401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406401" title="Titmouse, Inc.">
Titmouse, Inc.

Titmouse, Inc. is an animation studio that develops and produces animated television programming, feature films, music videos, title sequences, commercials and short films. The studio opened in 2000, and has offices in Los Angeles, New York City, and Vancouver. Some of their productions include "Metalocalypse", "China, IL", "Superjail!", and "Black Dynamite" for Adult Swim; "Motorcity" and "" for Disney XD; the animated episodes of Emmy Award-nominated Community for NBC; and "Turbo FAST" on Netflix.
History.
Owner Chris Prynoski began working at MTV in New York on shows such as Daria, Beavis and Butthead, and his own creation, MTV Downtown, which was nominated for a primetime Emmy Award. In the early 2000s, Prynoski opened a small T-shirt company with his wife, Shannon Prynoski. However, upon getting more requests for cartoons than for T-shirts, they decided to abandon screen-printing in favor of animation. The Prynoski's moved to California and opened the revamped Titmouse, Inc., an animation studio. They hired French art director, Antonio Canobbio. Due to projects like Cartoon Network’s Metalocalypse, Superjail! and The Venture Bros. the company expanded and opened a sister studio in New York City. The California studio later added a wholly owned subsidiary, Robin Redbreast. Titmouse opened a games division in 2009. The company has a YouTube channel, Rug Burn, with "Six Point Harness". On June 5, 2013, it was announced Titmouse would open a studio in Vancouver, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18406409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406409" title="The Last Drop of Water">
The Last Drop of Water

The Last Drop of Water is a 1911 short silent Western film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives. It was filmed in the San Fernando desert and was the "most ambitious film made by Griffith during the California trip of 1911" before the Biograph Company moved back to New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18406416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406416" title="St George's, Preston">
St George's, Preston

St George’s is an electoral ward in Preston, Lancashire, England. The ward is adjacent to the larger Deepdale to the east and is considered to be more an area within Deepdale than a distinct community of its own. The ward was created in 2002 for the Preston Council election, 2002, taking in the terraces running from Deepdale Road to St Paul’s Road adjacent to Moor Park, running south towards the city centre. The eastern parts of the University of Central Lancashire campus in included within the St George’s boundaries. Its name comes from the main road running east/west from Deepdale Road to the A6 Garstang Road.
Two members of Preston City Council, elected 'in thirds' in first past the post elections each year, are returned from the ward.
The ward forms part of the Lancashire County Council electoral division of Preston Central South.
Demographics.
From the 2001 census, St George’s ward had a population of 5,049. Of this figure, 26.7% described themselves as Muslim.

</doc>
<doc id="18406417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406417" title="Bobbie Sue">
Bobbie Sue

Bobbie Sue is the seventh album by The Oak Ridge Boys. It was released on February 10, 1982. Its title song was a #1 country chart hit (on April 3, 1982) and a #12 hit on the Hot 100 singles chart.
The album also featured cover versions of two songs, the 1959 hit "So Fine", a song originally by the Fiestas, and "Up on Cripple Creek", originally by The Band.
Personnel.
The Muscle Shoals Horns.
Strings arranged by Bergen White

</doc>
<doc id="18406429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406429" title="Mandatory detention in Australia">
Mandatory detention in Australia

Mandatory detention in Australia refers to a feature of Australian immigration policy whereby the Australian Government has legislated for the mandatory detention of all persons entering the country without a valid visa, while security and health checks are undertaken and the legitimacy of their remaining in Australia is established. Persons arriving without visas are detained in Australian immigration detention facilities but may opt to depart Australia for their country of origin at any time.
The controversial policy was originated by the Keating Government in 1992, and has been subject to variation under the subsequent Howard, Rudd and Gillard Governments.
History of mandatory detention.
Mandatory detention of asylum seekers in Australia was established by the Keating Government in 1992. Controls on unauthorised arrivals were tightened under the subsequent Howard Government, including under the Pacific Solution policy, contributing to a sharp decline in boat arrivals and, consequently, to numbers of people being detained. The Pacific Solution was dismantled by the Rudd Government and partially restored under the Gillard Government in response to increased boat arrivals and reported deaths at sea. 
Mandatory detention was introduced to "support the integrity of Australia's immigration program" and "management of Australian borders" and to distinguish between those who have submitted themselves to offshore entry processes prior to arrival and those who have not. Under the policy, asylum seekers are mandatorily detained while they "undergo an assessment process, including security and health checking, to establish if they have a legitimate reason for staying in Australia".
Keating Government.
Mandatory detention laws were introduced in Australia by the Keating Labor government, with bipartisan support, in 1992. The legislation was proposed as a result of an influx of Vietnamese, Chinese, and Cambodian refugees over the previous few years. The legislation specifically disallowed judicial review, but did impose a 273 day limit on detention. Minister for Immigration Gerry Hand told Parliament in his Second Reading Speech:
In 1994, the Keating government introduced new legislation called the "Migration Reform Act 1992", broadening the application of mandatory detention to all who did not hold a valid visa, and removing the 273 day limit. The Act was designed to establish "a new visa system making a simple distinction between a ‘lawful’ and ‘unlawful’ non-citizen" and said that "a migration officer had an obligation to detain any person suspected of being unlawful." 
Non-citizens in Australia without a valid visa were to be considered unlawful and would have to be held in detention, though those who met certain criteria and were not considered flight or security risks could secure lawful status by means of a bridging visa - but bridging visas would not be made available to those who arrived in Australia without visas in the first place (such as boat people). The government said that this was justifiable because visa overstayers had already submitted themselves to proper entry processing offshore and were therefore in a different category to those who had not and that boat arrivals had demonstrated a high likelihood of absconsion where detention was not in place. This was to remain the basis for Australia's system of mandatory detention throughout the subsequent Howard, and Rudd-Gillard Governments.
Howard Government.
The John Howard led Liberal-National Party Coalition defeated the Keating Labor Government in 1996. The new Government made significant adjustments to the policy from 2001, including the excision of outlying islands from Australia's immigration zone and the introduction of the Pacific Solution, a regional program whereby people arriving without visas were processed at offshore detention centres and a system of temporary protection visas established to deter self-selection of Australia as a destination for unauthorised arrivals. Howard's policies were often controversial, were criticised by some human rights groups and were the subject of protest both within and without detention centres. Through the final years of the Howard Government, Australia's detention facilities were near empty, few boat voyages were being attempted and the practice of detention of children had been ended.
Following the Tampa affair in 2001, the Howard government developed a policy known as the Pacific Solution, which was implemented by then Australian Immigration Minister Philip Ruddock. Under this policy, many islands were excised from Australia’s migration zone, and asylum seeker were removed to third countries in order to determine their refugee status, namely at detention camps on small island nations in the Pacific Ocean. A system of "temporary protection visas" for unauthorised arrivals was also established and a policy of turning back boats where possible was instigated.
Also in 2001, the "Border Protection Bill" was introduced into the Parliament of Australia, which provided the government with the power to remove any ship in the territorial waters of Australia, use reasonable force to do so, provide that any person who was on the ship be forcibly returned to the ship, and guaranteed that no asylum applications may be made by people on board the ship. The "Migration Amendment (Excision from Migration Zone) (Consequential Provisions) Act 2001" reinforced the practice of mandatory detention, providing for the indefinite detention of asylum seekers.
Australia's immigration policies towards asylum seekers were a significant issue in the 2001 federal election. Prime Minister Howard said in a campaign policy speech:
Immigration detainees were held in one of the Australian immigration detention facilities on the Australian mainland, or on Manus Island or Nauru as part of the Pacific Solution. The detention facilities were managed by the private company, Global Solutions Limited.
Many of those detained in Australia's detention centres between 1999-2006 have been asylum seekers from Iraq and Afghanistan who sought protection or asylum under Australia's obligations to the United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees. More than 80 percent of these were found to be refugees by the Immigration Department, with some decisions taking more than 8 months. Few asylum seekers were able to be repatriated.
On 6 August 2004, the High Court of Australia handed down its decision in the case of "Behrooz v Secretary of the Department of Immigration and Multicultural and Indigenous Affairs" and held that the harsh conditions of detention did not render the detention unlawful. On the same day, the High Court also handed down its decision in Al-Kateb v Godwin which held that unsuccessful asylum seekers who could not be removed to another country, despite their wish to leave Australia, could continue to be held in immigration detention indefinitely.
Mandatory detention of asylum seekers was popular with sections of the Australian electorate. Some commentators argue that it helped John Howard win the 2001 federal election. While the Australian Labor Party supported the policy as Opposition, in June 2005 a small backbench revolt in Howard's own party led by Petro Georgiou and Judi Moylan resulted in some concessions to humanitarian concerns, including the promised release of long-term detainees and review of future cases by an ombudsman. The "Palmer Inquiry" was introduced in 2005 after the wrongful detention of mentally ill Cornelia Rau, a German citizen holding Australian permanent residency who had been unlawfully detained for 11 months. The inquiry also found 33 people to have been unlawfully detained with another 200 cases being referred.
Australia's longest-serving detainee Peter Qasim was detained for more than 7 years before being released in 2005. From September 2001, the vast majority of asylum seekers who were eventually found to be refugees were issued with a temporary protection visa which forms a parallel plank of the government's refugee policy.
In 2006 the federal government made a $400,000 compensation payout to an 11-year-old Iranian boy for the psychological harm he suffered while being detained in Woomera and Villawood detention centres between 2000 and 2002.
National Inquiry into Children in Immigration Detention.
Dr Sev Ozdowski OAM Human Rights Commissioner of the Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission (HREOC) held an inquiry into mandatory detention of children who arrived without a valid visa over the period 1999-2002 (with updates where possible - the report was completed in April 2004) . The vast majority of children arrived and were put into mandatory detention facilities with their families for indefinite periods of time with no real opportunity to argue their case before independent tribunal or court. The inquiry found that between 1 July 1999 and 30 June 2003, 2184 children were detained after arriving in Australia seeking asylum without a visa. Approximately 14% of those children came to Australia alone (unaccompanied children). Most of them came from Iraq, Iran and Afghanistan. Almost 98 percent of the Iraqi children were recognised as refugees;
The inquiry found that children detained for long periods of time were at a high risk of suffering mental illness. Mental health professionals had repeatedly recommended that children and their parents be removed from immigration detention. The inquiry found that the Australian government's refusal to implement these recommendations amounted to “..cruel, inhumane and degrading treatment of those children in detention”.
The inquiry also found that many basic rights outlined in the Convention on the Rights of the Child were denied to children living in immigration detention.
The key recommendations of the Inquiry were that children with their parents be released immediately into the community and that detention laws should be amended to comply with the Convention on the Rights of the Child. The Howard government released the children and introduced limited changes to Migration Act 1958 as a result of the report.
Criticism.
In October 2001, Human Rights Watch sent a letter to Australian Prime Minister John Howard regarding new legislation, The Migration Amendment (Excision from Migration Zone) (Consequential Provisions) Act 2001. The new act further strengthened the practice of mandatory detention, allowing for indefinite detention of unauthorised arrivals. The letter said:
The system of mandatory detention has been the subject of controversy. Opposition to the system on humanitarian grounds came from a range of religious, community and political groups including the National Council of Churches, Amnesty International, Australian Democrats, Australian Greens and Rural Australians for Refugees. Among the intellectual opponents of the system has been Professor Robert Manne, whose Quarterly Essay "Sending Them Home: Refugees and the New Politics of Indifference" (2004) called for an end to both mandatory detention and the temporary protection visa system on humanitarian grounds.
Throughout the controversy, Prime Minister John Howard and successive immigration ministers maintained that their actions were justified in the interests of protecting Australia's borders and ensuring that immigration law was enforced. A 2004 Liberal Party election policy document stated:
Australia's High Court ruled in Al-Kateb v Godwin that indefinite detention of an immigrant is legal, if they cannot be returned to another country (if they are "stateless").
Wrongful detention.
In February 2005, it was revealed that a mentally ill German citizen holding Australian permanent residency, Cornelia Rau, had been held in detention as an unauthorised immigrant for 11 months, after identifying herself as a backpacker from Munich under the name of Anna Brotmeyer. In May, it was revealed that a total of 33 cases of people being wrongfully detained under the Migration Act were known, including one case of a woman forcibly deported and subsequently missing. As of May, it was not known how many actually spent time in an immigration detention facility. By late May, more than 200 cases of possible wrongful immigration detention had been referred to the Palmer Inquiry. In October 2005, the Commonwealth Ombudsman revealed that more than half of those cases were held for a week or less and 23 people were held for more than a year and two of them were detained for more than five years.
Rudd Government.
For the final few years of the Howard Government, Indonesian boats carrying asylum seekers to Australia had virtually ceased and Australia's offshore detention centres were near empty. The newly elected Rudd Government, under Immigration Minister Chris Evans, announced a series of measures aimed at achieving what it described as a more "compassionate policy". The Pacific Solution had involved offshore processing, a system of "temporary protection visas" for unauthorised arrivals, and a policy of turning back boats where possible. The Rudd Government dismantled all three components, dubbing them "ineffectual and wasteful". Throughout 2009-2010, a flow of boat arrivals re-emerged. 
In July 2008, the Australian government announced it was ending its policy of automatic detention for asylum seekers who arrive in the country without visas. While it remained committed to the policy of mandatory detention as an "essential component of strong border control", the Rudd Government announced that detention would now be restricted to unlawful non-citizens who pose a threat to the community, those who refuse to comply with visa conditions, or those who need to be detained for the period of conducting health, identity and security checks. By 29 June 2011, the Australian Government had delivered on its commitment to move the majority of children in immigration detention into community–based arrangements.
The Government announced that aspects of the original detention system in Australia would remain, but asylum seekers will be released more quickly. They would only be detained for lengthier time periods if they are deemed to pose a risk to the wider community or have repeatedly breached their visa conditions. "Boat people" in excised areas will still be subject to mandatory detention and processed offshore, but the Government will move to hasten the process. Boat people will also be able to access legal advice and apply for an independent review of adverse decisions. Each detainee's circumstances and justification for ongoing detention will be scrutinised by the Immigration Ombudsman every six months. Some of the changes may require amendments to the "Migration Act 1958". The "Migration Amendment (Immigration Detention Reform) Bill 2009" makes these amendments, but is yet to be passed. This would require a Senate majority of 39 votes. Australian Greens and independent Nick Xenophon appear to be in general agreement with the changes. The remaining vote would have to come from Family First Party's Steve Fielding or a Liberal-National coalition Senator.
The "Migration Amendment (Abolishing Detention Debt) Act 2009" was passed by the Australian House of Representatives with several Liberal MPs threatening to 'cross the floor' and vote with Labor, and then passed into law on 8 September when the Senate passed the bill with the support of Senator Nick Xenophon, the Australian Greens, Liberal Senator Judith Troeth and at the last minute Steve Fielding. This act abolishes the Howard-era policy whereby the government attempted to reclaim the costs of immigration detention from the detainee upon release.
Immigration Department figures in October 2009 showed no improvement in the speed of processing claims since the change of government. As a proportion of the immigration intake, Australia accepted fewer refugees in 2009 than it did at any time under the Howard government.
In October 2009, the "MV Oceanic Viking" was involved in an emergency operation rescuing 78 Sri Lankan asylum seekers in international waters within the Indonesian sea rescue zone. Those rescued were due to be landed in Indonesia, for transfer to an Australia-funded immigration detention centre on the Indonesian island of Bintan. However, the asylum seekers refused to disembark until 18 November, following assurances of fast-tracked processing of their cases for resettlement. 
As of 29 March 2010, 100 asylum seeker boats had been intercepted within Australian waters during the life of the Rudd government.
Suspension of processing for asylum claims by Afghans and Sri Lankans.
On 9 April 2010, former Minister for Immigration Senator Chris Evans announced that, with immediate effect, no new applications for people from Afghanistan would be processed for six months ; and for Sri Lankans, three months. Senator Evans was quoted as saying that this change would result in a higher rate of refusal of claims based on circumstances in these countries 
Following a complaint lodged in 2011 regarding the resulting indefinite detention, in 2013 the United Nations Human Rights Committee found Australia guilty of 138 counts of illegal detention, lack of judicial remedy, or inhumane or degrading treatment.
Gillard Government.
The Gillard Government undertook a series of adjustments to Australia's system of mandatory detention amid a growing stream of unauthorised boat arrivals. Julia Gillard and immigration minister Chris Bowen mooted various regional options for asylum seeker processing - notably East Timor and Malaysia - before reverting to Nauru and Manus Island in late 2012.
On 18 October 2010, Julia Gillard announced that changes would be made to Australia's mandatory detention policy, and that more children and families would be moved out of immigration detention centres into community-based accommodation, such as centres run by churches and charities.
To accommodate the reduction in detainees, the federal government announced that they would open two new detention facilities – a centre in Northam, 80 kilometres north-east of Perth, and an alternative place of detention in Inverbrackie, 37 kilometres north of Adelaide. Northam will house up to 1,500 single men and Inverbrackie will house up to 400 family members.
In a press conference, Prime Minister Gillard told media "when we came to government we issued detention values about not having children in high security, behind razor wire, and obviously we have worked to deliver on those detention values." She went on to say, "obviously we want to see kids in school. I understand that in some particular cases the minister will work through this case by case, there may be some reasons why this may not always be possible, but in the ordinary course of things I want to see kids getting a good education."
According to the Immigration Department, as of February 2011, there are currently 5,061 men, 571 women and 1,027 children under 18 living in detention. "The Sydney Morning Herald" reports that 382 of those under 18 arrived without their parents.
Department of Immigration and Citizenship statistics reflect that there were 4,783 people in immigration detention facilities and alternative places of detention, including 3,951 in immigration detention on the mainland and 832 in immigration detention on Christmas Island as at 31 January 2012. The number of people in immigration detention who arrived unlawfully by air or boat as at 31 January 2012 was 6,031, representing about 94 per cent of the total immigration detention population. There were also 344 people (about five per cent of the total immigration population) who arrived in Australia lawfully and were subsequently taken into immigration detention for either overstaying their visa conditions, resulting in visa cancellation.
Restoration of offshore processing.
Following an extended period of increasing boat arrivals and deaths at sea, in May 2011 Gillard announced that Australia and Malaysia were "finalising" an arrangement to exchange asylum seekers for processed refugees (the plan was dubbed the "Malaysia Solution"). On 31 August the High Court ruled that the agreement to transfer refugees from Australia to Malaysia was invalid, and ordered that it not proceed on the basis that it contravened human rights protections established under existing laws. The Government was unable to secure the support of the Greens or Opposition in the Senate for modifications to enable the Malaysia Solution to proceed and instead reverted to expanding onshore processing arrangements. Continued deaths at sea and ongoing boat arrivals kept the issue at the fore of policy debate during the term of the Gillard Government, leading to a major Parliamentary debate on the issue in June 2012, as news reports reached Canberra of another fatal sinking off Christmas Island. The government sought changes to the Migration Act, to allow asylum seekers to be processed in Malaysia. The Greens opposed the Bill outright and called for greater opening up of Australia's borders. The Opposition opposed the Bill on human rights grounds and called for restoration of the Howard Government's policies. The government allowed the possibility of returning processing to Nauru, on the condition that Malaysia was also permitted.
Unable to secure passage of the Bill through Parliament following the emotional debate, the government convened a panel chaired by Angus Houston to consider options. The Houston Report found that "onshore processing encourages people to jump into boats" and called for the re-opening of offshore processing at Nauru and Manus Island. Gillard endorsed the plan in August 2012.
Second Rudd Government.
Papua New Guinea Solution.
On 19 July 2013 in a joint press conference with PNG Prime Minister Peter O'Neill and Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd detailed the Regional Resettlement Arrangement (RRA) between Australia and Papua New Guinea: 
"From now on, any asylum seeker who arrives in Australia by boat will have no chance of being settled in Australia as refugees. Asylum seekers taken to Christmas Island will be sent to Manus and elsewhere in Papua New Guinea for assessment of their refugee status. If they are found to be genuine refugees they will be resettled in Papua New Guinea... If they are found not to be genuine refugees they may be repatriated to their country of origin or be sent to a safe third country other than Australia. These arrangements are contained within the Regional Resettlement Arrangement signed by myself and the Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea just now."

</doc>
<doc id="18406462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406462" title="Øyvind Nordsletten">
Øyvind Nordsletten

Øyvind Nordsletten (born 1 June 1944) is a Norwegian diplomat.
He was born in Time. He started working for the Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1974. He was the Norwegian ambassador to Ukraine from 1992 to 1996, deputy under-secretary of state in the Norwegian Office of the Prime Minister from 1998 to 1999, Norwegian ambassador to Russia from 2000 to 2008 and to Ireland from 2008 to 2011. In 2011 he was assigned the position as the Norwegian Consul General in Murmansk, Russia. In 2000 he was decorated as a Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

</doc>
<doc id="18406470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406470" title="Thunder Road (board game)">
Thunder Road (board game)

Thunder Road ("a.k.a. ThunderRoad, Le Survivant") is a post-apocalyptic themed racing board game published by Milton Bradley. Using an assortment of four different vehicles each ranging from a modified dune buggy to a single-passenger helicopter, players must race down an infinite roadway against one another. The goal of the game for players is to either be the last player team alive ("e.g., eliminate all other player vehicle teams") or simply out race ("i.e., out distance") the other teams. Although the game was originally published by Milton Bradley in 1986, Hasbro currently owns the rights to the game, since it acquired Milton Bradley in 1984.
Game play.
After the game pieces have been assembled ("first time setup time can be approximately ten minutes due to game piece complexity"), the "switch & link" game board has been set up with its appropriate hazard areas ("wrecks"), and player colors have been selected play begins. Initial play consists of each player rolling three yellow dice, one for each automobile, and moving said vehicles for the number of spaces rolled at the player's discretion. Once all players have done this, the rest of the game proceeds with each player rolling to move and also trying to attack opposing player vehicles.
Attacks can be done by a player ramming their vehicle into their opposition's vehicle, shooting at their opponent's vehicle with vehicle-mounted artillery or using their aerial vehicle ("the Thunder Chopper") to attack. As play progresses along the game board, it is constantly extended by using the back portion of the board; the "Rear Board". Indeed, a way in which a player can beat an opponent is by getting all of his cars and chopper onto the right-most game board ("Lead Board") faster than his opponent's vehicles. If a player is lagging too far behind and is still on the left most game board section ("Rear Board") by the time another player has reached the end of the "Lead Board", any vehicles on that portion of board are permanently removed from the game; this suggests that the car was ""outrun"". An exception to this rule applies only to the Thunder Chopper, it can stay in play as long as a player has at least one running car remaining.

</doc>
<doc id="18406471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406471" title="S. Shungrasoobyer">
S. Shungrasoobyer

S. Shungrasoobyer (1836–1904) CIE, also known as Sankara Subha Iyer, was an Indian administrator who served as the Dewan of Travancore state from 1892 to 1898.
Early life.
Shungrasoobyer was born in 1836 in Travancore. His maternal grandfather was a pundit of the Appeal Court. Shungrasoobyer had his schooling at the Rajah's Free School, Trivandrum. On completion of his schooling in 1853, Shungrsoobyer joined the Travancore state service as a teacher on a monthly salary of Rs. 5.
Civil service.
Shungrasoobyer's talents were spotted by the then Diwan, Sir T. Madhava Rao who appointed him Deputy Sheristadar of Police. Shungrasoobyer served as the Director of Vernacular education and as Boundary Commissioner, helped resolve a boundary dispute between the Travancore and Cochin states.
In 1882, Shungrasoobyer was appointed Settlement Diwan Peishkar of the Revenue Settlement by the then Diwan V. Ramiengar. Shungrasoobyer performed his job well and successfully completed the settlement of Najanad, Trivandrum and Chirayinkil taluks. In 1888, Shungrasoobyer was nominated to the Travancore Legislative Assembly.
Tenure as Dewan.
Travancore was witnessing a movement for Dalit upliftment at the time Shankara Subba Iyer became Dewan in 1892. There was no representation for the low-caste Hindu community Ezhavas in the Travancore Legislative Council, constituted in 1888. Hence, in 1895, the Ezhavas presented a memorial to the Dewan demanding more political representation. However, the Ezhavas received no response.
Later life and death.
Shungrasoobyer retired as Diwan in April 1898 on a monthly pension of Rs. 800. The Government of British India recognized his services by making him a Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire. Sir Arthur Havelock, the Governor of Madras appointed him a non-official member of the Madras Legislative Council. 
Shungrasoobyer died in September 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="18406479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406479" title="Sigfred Madsen">
Sigfred Madsen

Sigfred Thomas Madsen (November 26, 1915 – July 14, 1966) was a Danish boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Copenhagen.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the featherweight class after losing his fight to Dezső Frigyes.

</doc>
<doc id="18406483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406483" title="Out from the Shadow">
Out from the Shadow

Out from the Shadow is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18406499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406499" title="Wiremu Tamihana">
Wiremu Tamihana

Wiremu Tamihana Tarapipipi Te Waharoa (~1805 - 1866), generally known as Wiremu Tamihana, was a leader of the Ngāti Hauā Māori iwi in nineteenth century New Zealand, and is sometimes known as the kingmaker for his role in the Māori King Movement.
Tamihana was born Tarapipipi Te Waharoa around 1805 at Tamahere on the Horotiu plains. His father was Te Waharoa. In his youth he fought in the Musket Wars. In the 1830s he converted to Christianity and was given the Christian name Wiremu Tamihana (William Thompson). He also learnt to read and write in the Māori language. After his father died in 1838, he became a leader of Ngāti Hauā even though he was not his father's eldest son. He founded a new pā or settlement, with rules based on the ten commandments. It included a church capable of holding up to a thousand people. There is no doubt Tamihana was a highly intelligent man with a creative mind keen to learn from the British. He also taught in a school, established farming in his community, and traded produce to Pākehā settlers in Auckland. Another Christian community was founded in 1846 at Peria. He sold many acres of his tribal land that was swampy to the Scottish Morrin brothers who hired Irish navvies to dig ditches and drain the land and turn it into some of the most fertile dairy land in New Zealand.
In the late 1850s, Tamihana was largely responsible for the establishment of the Māori King Movement, which aimed to unify rebel Māori by setting up a kingship in opposition to the British government. He was able to persuade several iwi to join the movement, and Potatau Te Wherowhero of Ngāti Mahuta to take on the role of first King. Tamihana provided a statement of laws, based on the Bible. Although the movement was seen by many Pākehā and the government as rebellion, Tamihana intended that the Māori King would be in alliance with Queen Victoria. Tamihana became a diplomat and publicist for the movement, founding a Māori language newspaper for it. In 1861 Governor Thomas Gore Browne issued a declaration demanding Māori submission to the British Crown. Tamihana wrote to him explaining that the King Movement was not in conflict with the Queen but refused to swear the oath of allegiance. He expressed concern that the Governor seemed intent on war but failed to see the implications of rebellion. Later, he wrote a series of 14 threatening letters to Grey who realised that Tamihana was backed by the fierce Rewi Maniapoto. When war did break out, after the killing of 7 British soldiers in a time of peace in Taranaki and the attempted murder of Gorst, a government agent at Te Awamutu, Tamihana remained in favour of negotiation, but others within the King Movement, such as Rewi Maniapoto preferred to fight. Throughout the Invasion of the Waikato Tamihana attempted to negotiate with government forces, to little effect. After the war he campaigned against the resultant confiscation of land. He died in December 1866. By 1873, Waikato rebels had 120,000 acres of land returned and in 1926 and 1946 were paid large sums of cash annually as full and final payment for land. Tamihana's iwi Ngāti Hauā were keen land sellers and this later bought them into conflict with Ngāti Maniapoto over the issue of land ownership or mana whenua.
Tupu Taingakawa was one of Tamihana's sons.

</doc>
<doc id="18406509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406509" title="Josef Jelen">
Josef Jelen

Josef Jelen (born August 10, 1914) is a Czech boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics for Czechoslovakia.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the featherweight class after losing his fight to William Marquart.

</doc>
<doc id="18406517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406517" title="Station (networking)">
Station (networking)

In IEEE 802.11 (Wi-Fi) terminology, a station (STA) is a device that has the capability to use the 802.11 protocol. For example, a station may be a laptop, a desktop PC, PDA, access point or Wi-Fi phone. An STA may be fixed, mobile or portable. Generally in wireless networking terminology, a station, wireless client and node are often used interchangeably, with no strict distinction existing between these terms. With a station also being referred as transmitter or receiver based on its transmission characteristics. IEEE 802.11-2007 formally defines station as: "Any device that contains an IEEE 802.11-conformant medium access control (MAC) and physical layer (PHY) interface to the wireless medium (WM)."

</doc>
<doc id="18406525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406525" title="List of number-one Billboard Mainstream Top 40 hits">
List of number-one Billboard Mainstream Top 40 hits

This is a list of number-one Mainstream Top 40 hits in the United States by year from the Mainstream Top 40 chart in "Billboard" Magazine. Chart dates are on a week-ending format.
The Mainstream Top 40 chart (previously called Top 40 Mainstream and being referred to as Pop Songs on Billboard's website since June 2009) tracks "the week's hottest pop songs, ranked by mainstream top 40 radio airplay detections as measured by Nielsen BDS."
Mainstream Top 40 number ones.
1990s
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014

</doc>
<doc id="18406537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406537" title="The Blind Princess and the Poet">
The Blind Princess and the Poet

The Blind Princess and the Poet is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18406545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406545" title="MMB (disambiguation)">
MMB (disambiguation)

MMB is a block cipher in cryptography.
MMB can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18406551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406551" title="Åke Karlsson">
Åke Karlsson

Åke Aleksej Karlsson (August 16, 1911, Turku – February 12, 1958) was a Finnish boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born and died in Turku and was also known under the name "Keiras".
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the featherweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming gold medalist Oscar Casanovas.

</doc>
<doc id="18406552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406552" title="Rodney Weston">
Rodney Weston

Rodney H. Weston (born March 28, 1964) is a businessman and politician in New Brunswick, Canada. He is the current Member of Parliament for Saint John. He previously represented Saint John-Fundy in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1999 to 2003 as a Progressive Conservative member.
He was born in Saint John, New Brunswick, the son of Lester and Phyllis Weston, and was educated at New Brunswick Community College. He owned and operated a gas station and also was a trucking contractor. Weston was chief of the St. Martins Volunteer Fire Department and also served as deputy mayor for St. Martins. He was Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries & Aquaculture from 2001 to 2003. In 2003 he lost his bid for re-election. He was named chief of staff for Bernard Lord. 
Weston was elected as MP for Saint John in the 2008 federal election, defeating incumbent Liberal Paul Zed. He was re-elected in the 2011 federal election.

</doc>
<doc id="18406574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406574" title="Giuseppe Farfanelli">
Giuseppe Farfanelli

Giuseppe Farfanelli (February 13, 1915 – 1979) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the featherweight class after losing his fight to John Treadaway.

</doc>
<doc id="18406580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406580" title="Robotronic Squad">
Robotronic Squad

Robotronic Squad was a Swiss Trance music trio consisting of long standing DJ and producer Luca Tavaglione (DJ Lukas, Raimond Ford), and producers Massimo Ferrari and Andrea Realini. The trio was mostly active in the Swiss and German trance scene, They published vinyl records for labels such as Trance Chip (Fog Area Records), singles for labels such as Energetic Records/Warner Music Switzerland, and performed live in the major Swiss Raves such as Energy, Goliath and Evolution. Their tracks have been published in numerous compilations, most notably Tunnel Trance (Sony Music Germany).
Robotronic Squad also produced tracks for various DJs under different names such as RS+T Project.
History.
The trio was officially born in early 1998 with the publication of Unique for Energeltic Records as a compilation track. But the first successful song was Nightflight, released in 1998 on Trance Chip (Fog Area Records).
The early publications of the trio were produced in cooperation with DJ Tech. Later, DJ Synergee, resident at club Alcatraz, joined the trio as a co-producer and official trio's turn-tabler.
The trio's popularity reached its top in 1999, when they performed live at the Swiss major Rave, Energy 99. A year later the trio decided to pursue different musical paths and separated.

</doc>
<doc id="18406588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406588" title="American Made (The Oak Ridge Boys album)">
American Made (The Oak Ridge Boys album)

American Made was the ninth album by The Oak Ridge Boys It featured yet another "crossover hit" with the song "American Made", which hit #1 on the country charts (on April 23, 1983) & #72 on the U.S. Hot 100 singles chart.
Personnel.
As listed in Liner notes

</doc>
<doc id="18406599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406599" title="Church of the Holy Spirit (Sicily)">
Church of the Holy Spirit (Sicily)

The church of the Holy Spirit (Italian: "Chiesa dello Spirito Santo") is a Norman church in Palermo, Sicily, southern Italy. 
The church is located within the boundaries of Sant'Orsola cemetery.
The Cistercian monastery was founded between 1173 and 1178 by the archbishop of Palermo, Walter of the Mill, and was entrusted to monks of the calabrese Abbey of Sambucina. Considerable donations of King William II of Sicily and his mother, Margaret, enriched the monastery's property.
On March 30, 1282, it was in front of this church that the popular insurrection, later named the Sicilian Vespers, exploded.

</doc>
<doc id="18406605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406605" title="Archirhodomyrtus beckleri">
Archirhodomyrtus beckleri

Archirhodomyrtus beckleri, the "small-leaved myrtle," or "rose myrtle," is a shrub or small tree native to rainforest areas of eastern Australia.
Rose myrtle leaves are 2–8 cm long and 1.5-2.5 cm wide, lanceolate, glossy and pleasantly fragrant when crushed. Flowers are 1 cm across, white, mauve or pink. The edible berry is 0.5-0.8 cm across, globular, yellow orange or red, containing numerous small seeds.
Uses.
The berry has a pleasant aromatic flavor reminiscent of Brazilian cherry. It can be eaten out-of-hand or used in sauces and preserves.

</doc>
<doc id="18406610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406610" title="Matti Anttonen">
Matti Anttonen

Matti Anttonen (born November 27, 1957 in Turku) is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Finland to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18406623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406623" title="The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of">
The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of

The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and Frank Powell and starring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18406676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406676" title="Paul Bie-Eyene">
Paul Bie-Eyene

Paul Bie-Eyene is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Gabonese Republic to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18406680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406680" title="The Making of a Man">
The Making of a Man

The Making of a Man is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18406710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406710" title="Töpfer">
Töpfer

Töpfer, also spelled as Toepfer, is a German surname meaning potter.

</doc>
<doc id="18406715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406715" title="Tony Melody">
Tony Melody

Anthony John "Tony" Melody ( – ) was an English television actor who appeared in a number of long running comedies and soap operas. He was a prolific character actor with more than 100 television roles.
Early life.
Melody was born in London, where his father was in the Royal Horse Guards, but was brought up in Yorkshire, where his parents ran the Station public house in Goole, West Riding of Yorkshire. He was brought up as a devout Roman Catholic and attended Sacred Heart Church in Blackpool. During World War II he served in the Royal Air Force.
Career.
Initially a dancer, Melody spent three years touring the Mediterranean with Ralph Reader's Gang Show, performing for British troops in various countries along with Tony Hancock and Norrie Paramor. In 1952 he spent a season performing at the Windmill Theatre in London where he appeared as a comedy singer, before returning to Yorkshire, where he performed semi-professionally in local clubs while working in a factory in Leeds during the day. In 1955 he appeared on "What Makes A Star?" on BBC local radio and he became a regular on regional radio, working with, among others, Jimmy Clitheroe and Harry Worth.
His acting career began in radio, appearing in the sitcom, "The Clitheroe Kid" which starred Jimmy Clitheroe, in 1957 as the grumpy taxi driver, Horatio Higginbottom, which he played until 1972. This was followed by the role of compère and singer with the BBC's Northern Dance Orchestra, in the 1950s radio show "The Straw Hat Club".
His first television role came on 6 December 1957 when he appeared in the comedy "Be Soon" alongside Hilda Baker. Between 1964 and 1966 he appeared on "Just Jimmy" and the following year he appeared on two episodes of "Coronation Street", playing two small different roles, as a coach driver and a taxi driver. Then in 1968 he made his third appearance on Coronation Street, this time as Harold Eaton, a decorator working at the Rovers Return. In 1969 he played a post office man on "Parkin's Patch".
In the early 1970s he started to get regular television work with a number of minor television roles in programmes such as "Steptoe and Son" (in 1970 and the episode which is the most repeated of all of the programmes)), "Sykes", "Public Eye" (both in 1972, by which time Melody said, "This is the first time in years I have turned down pantomime, up home in Blackpool, because I wanted to concentrate on television, to stretch myself with such roles.")
Other appearances included "Z-Cars" (in 1973), "Barlow at Large" and "Bless This House" (in 1974). In 1975 he had a starring role as George Bradshaw in the short-lived comedy "Rule Britannia!".
In 1979 Melody appeared in the John Schlesinger film "Yanks" opposite Rachel Roberts, playing the husband of the terminally ill Roberts'. The following year he appeared in "Little Lord Fauntleroy" as Kimsey. He also played Station Sergeant Billy Machin in the comedy series "The Nesbitts Are Coming" and followed that up in 1981 by appearing as Archie in the comedy series, "The Incredible Mr Tanner". Between 1981 and 1983 he played Chief in six episodes of the detective series, "Bergerac". On Channel 4's opening night he appeared in "Walter" alongside Ian McKellen in the title role.
His first appearance in "Emmerdale Farm" came in 1983 when he played Nicholas Martin. In 1985 he appeared in the drama series "The Winning Streak" and in 1986 he played Dave Sharkey in the sitcom, "Jossy's Giants". In 1990 he appeared as the husband of Patricia Routledge in "Missing Persons", which was a feature-length pilot for "Hetty Wainthropp Investigates".
He made a second appearance in "Emmerdale" in 1998 this time as the farmer, Jed Outhwaite. In 2002 he made a fourth appearance on "Coronation Street", this time as the MC at a ballroom dance competition in Blackpool, which the characters of Norris Cole and Vera Duckworth were entered.
He appeared in the television drama film "Shipman" in 2002, as Alfie, a patient who survived the real-life homicidal doctor, who was played by James Bolam. and also appeared in the drama, "A Good Thief" as Alfie was well as a television advertising campaign for McDonalds. His last television appearance was in 2003 on "Last of the Summer Wine".
Personal life.
Melody's first marriage was dissolved and he met his second wife, Maggie when they were both performing in pantomime in Skegness. They made their home in Bispham, which was her home town, where he spent the rest of his life. Melody would say about living in Bispham, "Other actors can have London. I don't like it there, can't stand the trains, the noise, the hassle. Home is here." Offscreen Melody was a shy unassuming man, who rarely gave interviews and who shunned the "show business scene".
Melody had four children, three sons and one daughter from his first marriage.
Death.
Melody died in a nursing home from cancer after a short illness on 26 June 2008, aged 85. His funeral was held at Carleton Crematorium, Carleton, Lancashire on 3 July.

</doc>
<doc id="18406720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406720" title="Rimantas Šidlauskas">
Rimantas Šidlauskas

Rimantas Šidlauskas (born June 14, 1962 in Bebrikiai village, Kėdainiai district municipality) was the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Lithuania to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18406722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406722" title="Réjean Savoie">
Réjean Savoie

Réjean Savoie (born September 15, 1952) is a businessman and former political figure in New Brunswick. He represented Miramichi Bay in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1999 to 2003.
He was born in Saint-Wilfred, New Brunswick, the son of Levi
Savoie and Exéline Roy. Savoie studied at the Bathurst Technical School and the New Brunswick Community College. He worked as a tractor trailer operator and also owned and operated a restaurant and service station. Savoie served as a member of the school board and as a member of the board of directors for the Neguac Medical Clinic and the l’Hotel-Dieu Hospital in Chatham.

</doc>
<doc id="18406731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406731" title="Ronnie Henderson">
Ronnie Henderson

Ronnie Henderson (born March 29, 1974, in Gulfport, Mississippi), a shooting guard, was an American basketball player.
Despite dislocating his shoulder, Henderson was the nation's top rated shooting guard in 1993. Then, despite former San Antonio Spurs head coach Jerry Tarkanian making the then unheard of declaration of drafting a high school player (Henderson would be his first pick if he'd enter the draft), he joined the nation's top point guard, Randy Livingston, at LSU. However, college basketball's most highly touted backcourt duo never lived up to expectations due to injuries to Livingston.
Henderson did go on to lead the SEC in scoring two straight years (23.3 points per game as a sophomore, 21.8 ppg as a junior) despite suffering knee injuries of his own. He was a 1st team All SEC selection in 1995 and 1996.
Henderson chose to leave school after his junior year where he slipped far below most people's expectations to the 55th overall pick of the 1996 NBA draft. Selected by the Washington Bullets, he never played a game.

</doc>
<doc id="18406739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406739" title="Warje">
Warje

Warje is one of the many upcoming suburbs of Pune, Maharashtra, India. It is located on the Katraj-Dehu Road Bypass in between Pune's Chandni Chowk entry and Katraj entry. Warje used to be one of Pune's important Octroi check points. At the Warje junction(commonly referred to as the Warje Chowk), a road leads to Deccan Gymkhana(via-Karve Road) and the other to the famous Khadakwasla dam, one of the sources of Pune's drinking water, & the National Defense Academy (India), one of India's premier military training institutes.
Location & History.
Warje village is situated about 10 km from center of Pune. It was a very small village before 1970 with farming being main economical activity. Warje is on the bank of Mutha river which has catchment area in western hills and which brought good soil as well as sufficient water for farming. With a dense forest in proximity to river and creek areas, Warje was one of the stops during sheep migration from Konkan to regions inland. Warje can be seen directly as a communication point between Singhgad fort and Pune city. Signs of these can be seen in rock areas next to Ganpati temple at the west of the town. Ganpati temple has existed since 1982 and for probably quite some time before that. The temple was rebuilt in 1990 and is known as Ganpati Matha.
Warje saw lot of change after 1970, with significant increase in population of Pune. The change from village to suburb took toll on environment. Major part of the forest, fertile lands were converted to apartment complexes of concrete and tar. Most of the land in Warje is now occupied by housing complexes. Just under the Warje fly-over bridge everyday early morning there is a crowd of unskilled labour which awaits daily wage based work from contractors, transporters and construction builders.
The smaller region of 'Malwadi' within Warje has seen rapid growth in the last ten years, again mostly due to the mushrooming of several big banner housing complexes resulting in a population boom in the area and also resulting in much stress on the local public infrastructure. Warje is connected by an extensive network of local municipal city buses to all parts of Pune. The buses operate from the "Ganpati Matha" bus station in Malwadi and connect the suburb to Swargate, Katraj, Shivajinagar, Pune station, MarketYard, etc. and even up to Chinchwad and Nigadi. Thanks to the proximity to the heart of the Pune City (Deccan Gymkhana - 7 km, Pune Stn - 10 km) and more or less insulated from the west by the large area under the National Defence Academy, land prices in Warje / Malwadi have skyrocketed in recent times.
Economy.
Houses manufacturing plant of Cummins India, one of the largest manufacturers of engines and minor manufacturing activity by Kirloskar group.
Education.
As Kothrud which nearby is well known for its educational institutions, drawing students from all over India, from other countries of the Indian subcontinent, other Asian countries and Africa, there also some the good schools and colleges are located.

</doc>
<doc id="18406745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406745" title="Jesza Poszony">
Jesza Poszony

Jesza Poszony (born Imre Pozsonyi) is a former Hungarian football manager who coached FC Barcelona during the 1924–25 season. In his only season running the first team he managed to win both competitions Barça participated in: the Spanish Cup and the Campeonat de Catalunya.
Pozsonyi started his career playing for Újpest. He also played for the Hungarian national team
Despite his startling success, he decided to return to his beloved native Hungary. He was the coach of Újpest FC between 1926 and 1928.
Honours.
Cracovia Kraków
FC Barcelona
Građanski Zagreb

</doc>
<doc id="18406758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406758" title="The Long Road (film)">
The Long Road (film)

The Long Road is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18406759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406759" title="Bible translations into Aramaic">
Bible translations into Aramaic

Bible translations into Aramaic covers both Jewish translations into Aramaic (Targum) and Christian translations into Aramaic, also called Syriac (Peshitta).
Jewish translations.
Aramaic translations of the Tanakh (Hebrew Bible) played an important role in the liturgy and learning of rabbinic Judaism. Each such translation is called a Targum (plural: "Targumim"). During Talmudic times the targum was interpolated within the public reading of the Torah in the synagogue, verse by verse (a tradition that continues among Yemenite Jews to this day). Targum is also an important source for Jewish exegesis of the Bible, and had a major influence on medieval interpreters (most notably Rashi). Maimonides (Hilchot Ishut 8:34) writes that the Talmudic definition of a "person who knows how to read and translate the Torah into Aramaic" refers to "the Aramaic translation of Onkelos".
Christian translations.
In the Syriac (Eastern Aramaic) language the Peshitta (Syriac: "common version") is the standard version of the Christian Bible. It continues to serve as the Bible of churches in the Syriac tradition (Church of the East, Chaldean Catholic, and Syriac Orthodox) to this day. The history of Christian Translations of the Bible into Syriac language includes: the Diatessaron, the Old Syriac Version, the Peshitto, the Philoxenian Version, the Harklean Version and the recent United Bible Societies' modern Aramaic New Testament. 
The first revision of the New Testament from the Syriac into Turoyo language (Western Aramaic in Syriac and Latin script) was made by Malphono Yuhanun Üzel (Bar Shabo), Benjamin Üzel (Bar Shabo) and Yahkup Bilgic in 2009 with notes from Harclean and Philoxenios. This commission "Sihto du Kthovo Qadisho Suryoyo" works specially to preach the Gospel in Aramaic all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18406765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406765" title="Austromyrtus dulcis">
Austromyrtus dulcis

Midgen Berry, Midyim, or Austromyrtus dulcis is a spreading heathland shrub native to eastern Australia.
Midgen berry leaves are 1-3 cm long and 0.5 cm wide, lanceolate to elliptical, glossy above and silky hairy beneath. The white flowers are 1 cm across, followed by dotted mauve edible berries.
Distribution.
The species occurs in New South Wales and Queensland."
Uses.
The berries are a popular traditional bushfood, eaten by indigenous Australians and non-indigenous people. The melt-in-the-mouth berries are sweet and aromatic, with a pleasant gingery flavour. While recognized as having good flavour qualities, the berries have not been commercialized due to harvesting and handling issues.
Midgen is also popular in amenity horticulture as an adaptable shrub for a variety of situations, handling a range of soils and climatic conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="18406790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406790" title="2009 in baseball">
2009 in baseball

Champions.
Major League Baseball.
Click on any series score to link to that series' page.
Higher seed had home field advantage during Division Series and League Championship Series.
The American League champion has home field advantage during the World Series as a result of the AL victory in the All-Star Game.
Awards and honors.
Others.
Major Leagues
Minor Leagues

</doc>
<doc id="18406825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406825" title="List of moshavim shitufiim">
List of moshavim shitufiim

List of Israeli moshavim shitufiim

</doc>
<doc id="18406827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406827" title="Bodmin College">
Bodmin College

Bodmin College is a secondary academy school that serves the community of Bodmin, Cornwall, England. The principal is Brett Elliot.
Curriculum.
In 2007, the college decided to change the GCSE curriculum by introducing a three year course rather than the conventional two years. Students now choose their GCSE options in Year 8, and take end of year exams in the summer term of year 11. The first year of students to do this finished their GCSE course in the summer term of 2010.
Sixth Form.
The college has sixth form college, catering for approximately 300 sixth form students. The Sixth Form Council maintain standards throughout the Sixth Form as well as acting as the student voice.
The college.
The college entered the BBC TV programme "Robot Wars", with the robots Roadblock and Beast of Bodmin, winning Series 1 with Roadblock.
Bodmin College Jazz Orchestra.
The Bodmin College Jazz Orchestra are a group of young musicians under the tutelage of Mr Vincent who play a range of music in a big band jazz style; from Ellington, to the Beatles, to Santana. All the members of the Jazz Orchestra are students at the College.
They have regularly toured abroad to Germany, France, Spain, and Australia. 
The Jazz Orchestra play at functions; fetes, wedding parties, fund raising events, formal concerts, open days.

</doc>
<doc id="18406828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406828" title="Indians cricket team">
Indians cricket team

The Indians cricket team was an Indian first-class cricket team which took part in the annual Madras Presidency Matches against the Europeans cricket team, commencing in December 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="18406835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406835" title="Deliver (The Oak Ridge Boys album)">
Deliver (The Oak Ridge Boys album)

Deliver is the title of the tenth studio album released by The Oak Ridge Boys. The album includes two singles: "Ozark Mountain Jubilee" and "I Guess It Never Hurts to Hurt Sometimes", the latter of which reached number one on Hot Country Songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18406847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406847" title="School of Business and Technology">
School of Business and Technology

The School of Business and Technology (SBT) was a charter school that provided a small class size in an effort to increase a student's chance at learning the subject. The School of Business and Technology (SBT) provided a High education level and an experience in business in an effort to prepare its students for college.
The School of Business and Technology (SBT) was created in 2002 by the Oceanside Unified School District in Oceanside, California. In July 2008, the board of directors for the Oceanside Unified School District voted to discontinue funding to The School of Business and Technology, essentially ending the school. The school decided to search for a city who is willing to house them. As of right now , the school is still searching for a suitable new location.

</doc>
<doc id="18406849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406849" title="Dara (game)">
Dara (game)

Dara is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Nigeria specifically played by the Dakarkari people. In the Haussa language, the game is called Doki which means horse. It is a clever alignment game related to tic-tac-toe. However, it is far more complex. The game was invented sometime in the 19th century or earlier. The game is also known as Derrah and like Wali and Dama Tuareg.
Goal.
To form 3 in-a-rows, and eliminate as many of your opponent's pieces so that he or she can no longer form 3 in-a-rows.
Equipment.
The board is a 5x6 square board. Each player has 12 pieces. One player plays Black and the other plays White, however, any two colors will do.
Game Play & Rules.
1. Players decide among themselves who starts first. It is completely arbitrary which player starts first.
2. The board is empty in the beginning. Players take turn placing their stones onto the empty cells of the square board. This is known as phase 1 of the game or the Drop phase.
3. After all 24 stones have been dropped, phase 2 or the Move phase begins. Players will then take turns moving their pieces orthogonally into an adjacent empty cell.
4. Players attempt to make a 3 in-a-row with their own pieces. The 3 in-a-row must be orthogonal and not diagonal. Furthermore, it must be strictly 3 pieces in-a-row, and not 4 or more pieces in-a-row; 4 or more pieces formed in-a-row are illegal. If a 3 in-a-row is made by a player, he or she can remove one enemy piece from the board which is not part of a 3 in-a-row itself.
5. If a player can no longer make 3 in-a-rows with their remaining pieces, he or she is the loser, and the other player is the winner.
6. Please note that 3 in-a-rows made during the Drop phase do not count. Therefore, a player cannot remove another player's stone during the Drop phase even if one were to make a 3 in-a-row. Moreover, the rule that 4 or more pieces in-a-row are illegal to form also applies in the Drop phase.
7. Lastly, if a player were to successfully form two 3 in-a-rows "in one move" during the Move phase, only one enemy piece can be removed.
See Also.
tic-tac-toe

</doc>
<doc id="18406850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406850" title="Embossing tape">
Embossing tape

Embossing tape is a labelling medium usually of hard plastic. Embossing tape is used with embossing machines, often handheld. The company name and trademark "Dymo" is often associated with this sort of label.
Method.
The machine features a wheel with raised characters, similar to a daisy wheel. The user turns the wheel to align the desired character with the tape and presses a trigger, forcing the character against the tape. Upon releasing the trigger a mechanism advances the tape to the next position. The embossed characters stand out from the tape and look white due to stretching of the plastic.
Advantages.
Embossing tape and the embossing device itself is relatively inexpensive to buy, usually around $10 from stationery stores. Because of this, embossing tape has found popularity with children and adolescents. Unlike paper labels, embossing tape is very durable, does not fade over time, rarely leaves a sticky residue and does not break upon removal.
Disadvantages.
Because of the method for embossing (see above), the characters can only be white in colour. Sometimes, the adhesive backing of the tape can weaken, especially if it is placed in liquid or dust. The tape is more rigid than most other labeling materials, and may come loose if the labeled object bends or under the force of its original curvature, if the label is not straightened after being printed.

</doc>
<doc id="18406854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406854" title="Jamie Lee Hamilton">
Jamie Lee Hamilton

Jamie Lee Hamilton (born September 20, 1955 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian politician and advocate of aboriginal people, residents of the city's poverty-stricken Downtown Eastside, and sex trade workers. She was an independent candidate for the publicly elected Vancouver Board of Parks and Recreation in the city's 2008 municipal election, after being controversially blocked from running on the Non-Partisan Association ticket.
She previously ran for Vancouver City Council in 1996, becoming the first openly transgender person ever to run for political office in Canada.
Hamilton is also a writer, entertainer, and guest lecturer in Women's and Gender Studies at the University of British Columbia and in Humanities at Capilano College. She is working on a research project at UBC, "The Expulsion of Sex Workers from Vancouver's West End, 1975–1985", as she was one of those expelled by the court ruling.
She currently serves on the board of directors of the Greater Vancouver Native Cultural Society, which has served the aboriginal two-spirited community since 1978. Hamilton is a lifelong resident of the Downtown Eastside and Strathcona neighborhoods of Vancouver.
Early life.
She was born James Arthur Hamilton to parents Ralph Hamilton and Alice Hamilton. Ralph was an immigrant from Washington State, with Irish roots, who championed the unity of Ireland and Northern Ireland. He was a union organizer with the Foundry Workers' Union.
Alice was from the Rocky Boy Band (Montana, USA) and became a leader of the aboriginal community in Vancouver. She was a founder of the Vancouver Aboriginal Friendship Centre in 1954. She was a cannery worker and member of the United Fishermen and Allied Workers' Union (UFAWU). She was one of the Militant Mothers of Raymur who blockaded the Burlington Northern Railway tracks to demand an overpass for the children of Raymur housing project to attend school.
In 1967, Hamilton's parents co-founded the Unemployed Citizens Welfare Improvement Council (UCWIC) along with later-to-be Member of Parliament Margaret Anne Mitchell, tenants advocate Margaret Ellen Mitchell, and others. They also were among the first members of the Downtown Eastside Residents' Association (DERA).
Hamilton attended Lord Strathcona Elementary School, Britannia Secondary School, and Capilano College. In 1968, in the Moccasin for Miles, she walked from Vancouver to Hope. Beginning in her youth, Hamilton worked in the sex trade, transitioned to female, and became a strident advocate of the various communities of which she is a member. In 1970, she was the first youth to be treated in Canada for gender identity disorder. Her pioneering doctor was William Maurice of the Health Sciences Centre, University of British Columbia.
Controversies.
Ms. Hamilton has been a somewhat controversial figure. Back in 2000 she was charged with running a common bawdy house when it was revealed she allowed some prostitutes to use an East End property as a brothel/safe house – charging them $15 per visit to cover expenses. Those charges were stayed. And a year later, The Vancouver Sun reported Ms. Hamilton used money from her government-funded drop-in centre to help finance her city council campaign in 1999. At the time, Ms. Hamilton said her campaign would repay some of those expenditures – which had been approved by the drop-in centre's board of directors.
In August 2008, Ms. Hamilton was preparing a human rights complaint against the Non-Partisan Association, the city's governing party, after it rejected her as a parks board candidate, which she alleges was due to an ad she had placed on ShemaleCanada.com, an online meeting place for transsexuals. This account conflicted with the NPA board's own explanation, stating explicitly that neither her gender identity nor her work in the sex trade were factors in her suitability for candidacy. In explaining the decision, NPA President Ned Pottinger stated: “We look at all aspects of a candidate—what they’ve been involved in politically, how they’ve represented themselves, and how they present themselves to us, what we get back from people who we’ve worked with in the past. We look at how they will interact with our team, our campaign messages, and we make a decision based on that." 
Her complaint was supported by a number of prominent local figures, including former NPA city councillor Alan Herbert, Little Sister's founder Jim Deva and incumbent park commissioners Loretta Woodcock and Spencer Herbert.

</doc>
<doc id="18406861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406861" title="Hendrik van den Bergh (police official)">
Hendrik van den Bergh (police official)

Hendrik Johan van den Bergh (27 November 1914 – 16 August 1997) was a South African police official most famous for founding of the Bureau of State Security (B.O.S.S.), an intelligence agency created on 16 May 1969 to coordinate military and domestic intelligence for the government as well as to suppress political dissidents.
He was known as "Lang Hendrik" (Afrikaans: "Tall Hendrik") on account of his height (6'5").
Biography.
Born in Vredefort, Orange Free State into an Afrikaner farming family, van den Bergh was a lifelong Afrikaner nationalist. He opposed South African intervention in World War II, and, with future Prime Minister John Vorster, joined the "Ossewabrandwag" ("Oxwagon Sentinel"), a paramilitary organization modelled on the Nazi SA which engaged in acts of sabotage against the South African government to undermine the war effort. Both men were detained by the government under wartime emergency laws for their activities.
After the war, van den Bergh rose rapidly through the police ranks. In 1963, he founded South Africa's first intelligence agency, the precursor to B.O.S.S. He and Vorster (now Justice Minister under Prime Minister H.F. Verwoerd) used new security legislation to crush growing resistance against apartheid.
Although van den Bergh denied B.O.S.S.'s use of hit squads against its enemies, he is nevertheless remembered for sanctioning the use of torture, assassinations, and other tactics against the government's enemies, and he once told a government commission, "I have enough men to commit murder if I tell them to kill. I don't care who the prey is. These are the type of men I have."
In the mid-1970s, the burgeoning Angolan Civil War between the pro-Soviet MPLA and the anticommunist UNITA factions, drew the attention of the South African government, which feared growing Soviet infiltration in the region. The government was divided on how best to counter the Soviet involvement, with Defence Minister P.W. Botha and Chief of the Army Magnus Malan advocating an all-out invasion, and Prime Minister Vorster (who had succeeded the assassinated Verwoerd in 1966) and van den Bergh favouring only a limited, covert operation. In the end, the latter option was chosen, and the South African intervention did not succeed, when South African forces, in sight of the Angolan capital, were repulsed by a fresh influx of Cuban troops. The United States, which had covertly backed the operation, was forced to withdraw its support when Congress vetoed the Ford Administration's request for funding for UNITA; as a result, South Africa was forced to withdraw.
B.O.S.S. became increasingly powerful as the 1970s progressed, much to the dismay of Botha; by some accounts, the organization now wielded more influence than the Ministries of Defence and Foreign Affairs.
Nevertheless, B.O.S.S., and by extension van den Bergh himself, met its downfall just a few years later. In 1979, Vorster, who had become State President in 1978, resigned amidst the Muldergate Scandal, in which government funds were used to buy a pro-government English newspaper, "The Citizen". B.O.S.S. was found to have been deeply involved in the scandal, as well. The following year, Botha, who had succeeded Vorster as Prime Minister, called for van den Bergh's resignation, and in 1980, B.O.S.S. was replaced by a new agency, the National Intelligence Service, and van den Bergh was replaced with Dr. Lukas Barnard.
In the aftermath of the scandal, van den Bergh retired and faded from public view to take up chicken farming. Reportedly, he was working on his memoirs in the 1980s, but abandoned the project under pressure from the government.
Van den Bergh died at Bronkhorstpruit, Pretoria, aged 82, in 1997. He had been married twice.

</doc>
<doc id="18406882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406882" title="Grand Lodge of West Virginia">
Grand Lodge of West Virginia

The Grand Lodge of West Virginia is one of two bodies that govern Freemasonry in the state of West Virginia (the other being the Prince Hall Grand Lodge of West Virginia). It oversees around 140 local lodges, and supervises the West Virginia Masonic Home in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
History.
It is one of ten Grand Lodges in the U.S. that does not recognize Prince Hall (African American) Masonic Lodges and in 2008 was reported as having no black members, and these policies have been invoked as a reason for a lawsuit from a former grand master Frank J Haas.
Lawsuit.
In June 2008, former Grand Master Frank Joseph Haas sued for readmission after being expelled in November 2007.
In his suit, Haas claims that he tried to make changes known as the "Wheeling reforms", which would do away with practices that Masonic organizations in other states had "long since done away with." This includes allowing black and handicapped members into West Virginia Masonic lodges as well as allowing lodges in West Virginia to support non-Masonic charities.
The jury found against Haas in December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18406885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406885" title="OnMyRadio">
OnMyRadio

Onmyradio is R&B singer-songwriter Musiq Soulchild's fifth studio album. It was released on December 9, 2008.
The album entered the "Billboard 200" chart at number 11, selling 91,498 copies its first week. It entered the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart at #82 through street sales and, in its second week, jumped to #1.
Singles.
The first single to be taken from the album was "Radio". It was sent to US radio stations in August 2008, and charted on "Billboard"'s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop songs chart. 
The album's second single, "IfULeave", was released to radio in October 2008.
The third single was "SoBeautiful".

</doc>
<doc id="18406887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406887" title="Pavle Popara">
Pavle Popara

Pavle Popara (; born May 20, 1987 in Kragujevac) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Pogoń Szczecin in Poland.
Career.
Popara started his career with Partizan Belgrade but could not break his way into the first team. He failed to make a single appearance in the Serbian SuperLiga.
In January 2006, Popara was signed by Greek side Apollon Kalamarias. He made his debut in the Superleague Greece on 12 March 2006, in a 2–1 away loss against Olympiacos, coming on as a substitute for Aílton. Popara made a further two league appearances in 2005–06 season. He managed just six more league appearances during the following season before joining Panetolikos on loan in January 2007.
In the summer of 2007, Popara moved to Cyprus to play for Enosis Neon Paralimni but failed to establish himself in the team.
In June 2008, Popara joined Bulgarian A Professional Football Group side Slavia Sofia.

</doc>
<doc id="18406921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406921" title="Brownsville, Berks County, Pennsylvania">
Brownsville, Berks County, Pennsylvania

Brownsville is an unincorporated community located in western Lower Heidelberg Township. It is located at the intersection of Brownsville Rd. and Heffner Rd. A very small portion of the village extends into North Heidelberg Township.
The Brownsville Road Bridge, which spans over the Spring Creek between Lower and North Heidelberg Townships, was constructed in 1962. In July 2010, PennDOT closed the bridge for repairs, and detoured traffic all the way to US Route 422 near Robesonia. PennDOT also replaced the roadsigns on the bridge with new ones. The construction was completed in November 2010, and the bridge was re-opened.

</doc>
<doc id="18406927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406927" title="18th Fires Brigade">
18th Fires Brigade

The 18th Fires Brigade is the only fires brigade under XVIII Airborne Corps. It is based in Fort Bragg, North Carolina. It provides support to the Corps and other units as required. The 18th Fires Brigade consists of the following units:
A tactical unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) battery will be added to the brigade in the future.
18th Fires Brigade plans, synchronizes and employs joint and combined fires in support of forced entry operations, designated division or combined joint task forces and on order integrates attached ground and air maneuver forces in order to conduct full spectrum operations.
The 18th Fires Brigade has served in multiple capacities over the past decade in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom as well as the primary 155mm howitzer and HIMARS identity in the War in Afghanistan. The brigade was the only airborne field artillery brigade in the United States Army with 1st Battalion (Airborne), 321st Field Artillery Regiment providing the majority of the support for the 18th Fires Brigade's airborne mission.
During the 90s the Brigade had a single 155mm battery(C5/8)assigned to the 101st Airborne Division at FT Campbell, Kentucky. This made for a healthy rivalry with the other elements of the Brigade that were assigned to the 82nd Airborne Division. It allowed for the entire Brigade to train together at both Fort Campbell and Fort Bragg.
1st Battalion (Airborne), 321st Field Artillery Regiment maintains a fully capacity to provide 155mm howitzer fires anywhere in the world within 18 hours in support of the 82nd Airborne Division and while supporting other global responsibilities. The unit has the unique ability to employ 155mm howitzer platforms through a "Howitzer Heavy Drop Package" capability which essentially allows for the weapon system to be dropped from an aircraft while its paratroopers will then place the weapon into action. 1st Battalion (Airborne), 321st Field Artillery Regiment serves as the United States Army's primary 155mm howitzer response in the Global War on Terrorism.
3rd Battalion, 321st Field Artillery Regiment maintains a limited airborne ability. During 2008 while serving as the General Support Artillery unit in Operation Enduring Freedom 8–9, 3rd Section, Battery C, 3rd Battalion, 321st Field Artillery Regiment became the first United States Army unit to fire the GPS Guided XM982 Excalibur Munition in support of combat operations while serving in the volatile Kunar Province while supporting the 2nd Battalion (Airborne), 503rd Infantry Regiment [http://www.history.army.mil/html/forcestruc/lineages/branches/inf/0503in002bn.htm] of the 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team.
3rd Battalion, 27th Field Artillery Regiment (HIMARS) has served in the capacity to support various United States Army and other agencies with accurate and effective field artillery rocket fires.
According to the Institute of Heraldry, "The shoulder sleeve insignia was originally approved for the 18th Field Artillery Brigade on 29 May 1979. It was amended to include the airborne tab, add metric measurements and revise the description on 21 October 1992. It was again amended to change the color of the airborne tab on 5 February 2003. The insignia was redesignated for the 18th Fires Brigade and amended to delete the airborne tab on 22 March 2007."
As of August 2009, the 18th Fires Brigade now dons the "All American" patch of the 82nd Airborne Division. The 18th Fires Brigade became a general support field artillery brigade in July 2008 and falls under control of the 82d Airborne Division at Fort Bragg, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="18406928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406928" title="East End of London in popular culture">
East End of London in popular culture

The East End of London in popular culture covers aspects of popular culture within the area of the East End of London. The area is roughly that covered by the modern London Borough of Tower Hamlets, and parts of the south of the London Borough of Hackney.
The East End has been the subject of parliamentary commissions and other examinations of social conditions since the 19th century, as seen in Henry Mayhew's "London Labour and the London Poor" (1851) and Charles Booth's "Life and Labour of the People in London" (1902). Narrative accounts of experiences amongst the East End poor were also written by Jack London in "The People of the Abyss" (1903) and by George Orwell in parts of his novel "Down and Out in Paris and London", recounting his own experiences in the 1930s. A further detailed study of Bethnal Green was carried out in the 1950s by sociologists Michael Young and Peter Willmott, in "Family and Kinship in East London".
Themes from these social investigations have been drawn out in fiction. Crime, poverty, vice, sexual transgression, drugs, class-conflict and multi-cultural encounters and fantasies involving Jewish, Chinese and Indian immigrants are major themes. Though the area has been productive of local writing talent, from the time of Oscar Wilde's "The Picture of Dorian Gray" (1891) the idea of 'slumming it' in the 'forbidden' East End has held a fascination for a coterie of the literati.
The image of the East Ender changed dramatically between the 19th century and the 20th. From the 1870s they were characterised in culture as often shiftless, untrustworthy and responsible for their own poverty. However, many East Enders worked in lowly but respectable occupations such as carters, porters and costermongers. This later group particularly became the subject of music hall songs at the turn of the century, with performers such as Marie Lloyd, Gus Elen and Albert Chevalier establishing the image of the humorous East End Cockney and highlighting the conditions of ordinary workers. This image, buoyed by close family and social links, and the community's fortitude in the Second World War, came to be represented in literature and film. However, with the rise of the Kray Twins, in the 1960s, the dark side of East End character returned, with a new emphasis on criminality and gangsterism.
Literature.
The East End features in one of the earliest works in English, Geoffrey Chaucer's (1343–1400) "The Prioress' Prologue and Tale" (ca. 1390), which makes fun of the Prioress' Cockney accent: ""After the scole of stratford atte bowe, For frenssh of parys was to hire unknowe"". Chaucer, himself lived for many years on the edge of the East End, in the gatehouse of Aldgate. The Isle of Dogs plays a central role in two Jacobean plays, with which Ben Jonson was associated. "The Isle of Dogs" (1597) was reported to the authorities as a "lewd plaie" full of seditious and "slanderous matter". The authors and cast were quickly arrested and the play suppressed. This play was the root of the argument in which Jonson killed Gabriel Spencer in 1598, at Hoxton fields. "Eastward Hoe" (1605) was equally scandalous, and resulted in the arrest of the playwrights.
Charles Dickens (1812–70), throughout his work, draws extensively on his experiences of poverty in London. His godfather had a sail making business in Limehouse, and he based the "Six Jolly Fellowship Porters" in "Our Mutual Friend" (1864–65) on a public house still standing there. The Red Bull, a now demolished inn situated in Whitechapel, features in his "Pickwick Papers". On leaving it Sam Weller makes the sage remark that Whitechapel is "not a wery nice neighbourhood". Fagin in Dickens's "Oliver Twist" appears to be based on a notorious 'fence' named Ikey Solomon (1785–1850) who operated in 1820's Whitechapel. Dickens was also a frequent visitor to the East End theatres and music halls of Hoxton, Shoreditch and Whitechapel, writing of his visits in his journals and his journalism. A visit he made to an opium den in Bluegate Fields inspired certain scenes in his last, unfinished, novel "The Mystery of Edwin Drood" (1870).
Arthur Morrison (1863–1945), who was a native East-Ender, wrote "A Child of the Jago" (1896) a fictional account of the extreme poverty encountered in the Old Nichol Street Rookery. Oscar Wilde (1854–1900) observed the practice of 'people of quality' visiting the many entertainments available in Whitechapel and sent his hedonistic hero Dorian Gray there to sample the delights on offer in his novel "The Picture of Dorian Gray".
The experiences of the Jewish community in the East End inspired many works of fiction. Israel Zangwill (1864–1926), educated in Spitalfields, wrote the influential "Children of the Ghetto: A Study of a Peculiar People" (1892) and other novels on this subject. Another Jewish writer, Simon Blumenfeld (1907–2005) wrote plays and novels, such as "Jew Boy" (1935), informed by his years in Whitechapel. Wolf Mankowitz, of Bethnal Green, was another Jewish writer from the area. His 1953 book "A Kid for Two Farthings", set in the East End, was adapted for the cinema three years later. Alexander Baron (1917–1999) was born in Whitechapel and wrote of his wartime experiences in the Invasions of Italy and Normandy in the trilogy "From The City From The Plough", "There's no Home" and "The Human Kind". Later he wrote of the East End, including the Jewish gangster novel, "King Dido" and the "Human Kind".
Chinatown, Limehouse, also provided inspiration for novelists. Sax Rohmer (1883–1959) wrote fantasies set there, featuring many scenes in opium dens, introducing one of the 20th century's master villains, Fu Manchu, in a series of novels of which the first was "The Mystery of Dr. Fu Manchu" (1913). Thomas Burke (1886–1945) explored the same territory in "Limehouse Nights" (1916).
Playwrights have often located their work in the East End. During the 1950s and 1960s, much drama was inspired and encouraged by the work of Joan Littlewood and Theatre Workshop, based in the Theatre Royal Stratford East. Their new works explored the experiences and position of their local audience. Many productions transferred both to the West End and were made into films. In the 1970s and 1980s the Half Moon Theatre presented premières of European works and new works by London playwrights, such as Edward Bond and Steven Berkoff.
One contemporary manifestation exploring the 'collision of worlds' made possible by the East End is the school of psychogeography espoused most prominently by Peter Ackroyd (1949– ) in such novels as "Hawksmoor" (1985) and "Dan Leno and the Limehouse Golem" (1994) and Iain Sinclair (1943– ) in such novels as "White Chappell, Scarlet Tracings" (1987). A more realistic fictionalisation on the contemporary gentrification of the area, and the rise of the yuppie, is provided by Penelope Lively in "Passing On" (1989) and "City of the Mind" (1991) and by P. D. James in "Original Sin" (1994). Emblematic of the current worldwide clash of civilisations between West and East, of which the East End has historically been a microcosm, are Monica Ali's (1967– ) novel "Brick Lane" (2003), and Salman Rushdie's fantastic and controversial "The Satanic Verses" (1988) which also uses Brick Lane as a location.
TV.
One of the earliest television portrayals of the East End was "Dixon of Dock Green" (1955–1976). In this programme, Sergeant George Dixon pounded the fictional beat of Dock Green, with a script by Ted Willis. The series arose from the film, "The Blue Lamp" (1950) that was based on the real life murder of a policeman based at Leman Street, Aldgate. The television series enjoyed considerable success. The script was based on research at Paddington Green Police Station and filmed at the BBC's Lime Grove Studios, in West London. The characterisation by the lead, Jack Warner, was held in such high regard that officers from Paddington Green bore the coffin at his funeral in 1981.
"EastEnders", a BBC soap opera broadcast since 1985, is set in the fictional London Borough of Walford. The programme is actually filmed at a purpose-built set at the Elstree Studios in Hertfordshire, and the paradigms for the show are thought to lie beyond the East End, in Stratford and Walthamstow. In that, the programme does represent the diaspora of East Enders who have moved out of the district, and draws on the themes of family and social integration. An earlier programme, "Til Death Us Do Part" (1965–1975) attempted to satirise the stereotypical attitudes of an East Ender, Alf Garnett, played by Warren Mitchell. The locale for this programme has been variously placed in Wapping and West Ham, with the principal character a supporter of West Ham United F.C.. The comedic theme of the programme was the interaction between members of the family, and the inability of the principal character to adapt to the rapid changes in his world. The piece inspired the hit American remake "All in the Family", among others.
One Canada Square, the 235 metre tower, was the tallest building in the United Kingdom from 1990 to 2010, has achieved an iconic status, and is located on the Isle of Dogs. It has appeared as a location in television, film and literature.
Film.
Film has also explored the issues and themes affecting the East End. Many early films were made in Hoxton, at Gainsborough Studios. With their association with German cinema realism, many of these were made in the streets around the studio.
In more modern films, gangsterism has featured. "Sparrers Can't Sing" (1962), developed by Theatre Workshop, dealt with issues of change in the East End — a sailor comes home from the sea, to find his home redeveloped and his family moved to a new council block. The sets were often visited by local gangsters, the Krays, who actually made a cameo appearance in the film. The "The Long Good Friday" (1980) develops the same themes of change, with a gangster seeking legitimacy in the redevelopment of Docklands. His brutality is only matched by that of the IRA.
The theme of a return to find a changing society is also brought out in "For Queen and Country" (1989). "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels" (1998) again explores gangsterism, with change represented by amateur white collar criminals. Conflict arises between them and old firm criminals, immigrant gangsters and a group of less than honest friends, raised in the East End.
Romantic encounters with a multi-cultural erotic frisson, set in Limehouse's Chinatown, are the theme of "Broken Blossoms" (1919), derived from a story in Thomas Burke's "Limehouse Nights" and "Piccadilly" (1929) starring Anna May Wong as an alluring Chinese nightclub performer. Limehouse is also the scene of the Fu Manchu films — based on Sax Rohmer's novels. These began with some short British serials 1923–4 before the first American feature film "The Mysterious Dr. Fu Manchu" appeared in 1929, followed by many others.
Further multi-cultural encounters are featured in the film "Brick Lane" (2007) based on the novel by Monica Ali. The East End is featured as the setting for the Hughes brothers' film "From Hell (film)" (2001) based on the Alan Moore graphic-novel of the same name, providing a modern interpretation of the Jack the Ripper murders.
The East End also appears in the film Mary Poppins, when Jane and Michael flee from the bank, and wander into its slums, before going home safely with Bert, a chimney sweep.
The 2004 British comedy-crime drama "Spivs" features a group of East End "spivs" (British slang for a black marketeer).
Music.
Many music hall acts originated in the East End, including Marie Lloyd, Gus Elen and Albert Chevalier. From the middle of the 18th century, inhabitants of the area had begun to be characterised as shiftless, untrustworthy and responsible for their own poverty. These performers, in particular, saw the many honest people fighting poverty in lowly professions and established the image of the humorous East End Cockney as a part of their stage persona. There are only two surviving music halls in the area, Wilton's Music Hall and Hoxton Hall, but many of the songs survive in "pub songs"; communal singing in public houses with minimal accompaniment.

</doc>
<doc id="18406929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406929" title="The Listening Room">
The Listening Room

The Listening Room ("La Chambre d'Écoute", 1952) is an oil on canvas painting by the Belgian surrealist René Magritte which is currently part of the Menil Collection in Houston, Texas. A later version of the painting (also of the same name) was made in 1958 and is held in a private collection.
Both paintings feature identical (or near-identical) green apples, but place them in different rooms. In the 1952 version, the room has wood flooring and a glass window with white trim. In the 1958 version, this is replaced by a gray brick room with an arched open-air window.
The painting highlights a number of themes common in Magritte's work. Other paintings to prominently feature an apple include "The Son of Man" (1964), where the apple obscures the face of bowler-hatted man, and "This is not an Apple" (1964), where an apple is accompanied by the caption ""Ceci n'est pas une pomme" ("This is not an apple")". It is also one of many paintings to play with the concept of scale by juxtaposing objects normally of different sizes. In "Elective Affinities" (1933) an egg is pictured filling a birdcage, in "The Tomb of the Wrestlers" (1961) a red rose fills a room and in "Personal Values" (1951–52) common household objects such as a comb, a glass and a bar of soap dwarf the usual furniture in a bedroom.
The 1958 reproduction of the painting was used for the album cover of "Beck-Ola" by The Jeff Beck Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18406932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406932" title="Musée d'Histoire Contemporaine">
Musée d'Histoire Contemporaine

The Musée d'Histoire Contemporaine is a museum of contemporary history located in the Hôtel National des Invalides in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, France. It is open daily except Monday; an admission fee is charged.
The museum was originally established in 1914 as the Library-Museum of the War, and became part of the Ministry of Public Education in 1917. In 1925 the President of the Republic performed its inauguration within the Museum of the War in the Pavillon de la Reine at the Château de Vincennes. In 1973 it moved to the Invalides, and in 1987 was given its current name to reflect collections that extend far beyond wars. It now forms the iconographic section of the Library of Contemporary International Documentation (BDIC).
Today the museum contains about 1,500,000 items and documents from 1870 to the present day, covering major themes of French or international history. Collections focus on political, social and cultural concerns, and represent multiple media including paintings, sculptures, objects, engravings, drawings, posters, photos, and postcards. It presents major temporary exhibits in addition to items from its permanent collection.

</doc>
<doc id="18406940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406940" title="Schnyder">
Schnyder

Schnyder is used in Switzerland as an alternative spelling of the more common German surname Schneider (tailor). Immigrants to North America often spelled their name as Snyder.

</doc>
<doc id="18406942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406942" title="Gjessø">
Gjessø

Gjessø is a small town near Silkeborg in Denmark with a population of 865 (1 January 2013).
Gjessø is very famous for its big lake which fills half of the town. It is used every year by tourists and natives.
The Danish homepage for Gjessø:

</doc>
<doc id="18406943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406943" title="Bill Deraime">
Bill Deraime

Alain "Bill" Deraime is a French blues singer, born in Senlis, Oise in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="18406945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406945" title="Hong Kong Junior Challenge Shield">
Hong Kong Junior Challenge Shield

Hong Kong Junior Shield () is a football competition in Hong Kong established in 1922. All teams in Second Division and Third Division participate in the competition.
History.
Hong Kong Junior Challenge Shield is founded by the Hong Kong Football Association in 1922. The first champion is King's Own Rifles. Athletic is the champion of 1927–28, which is first Chinese team to win the Junior CHallenge Shield.
Until now, South China is the most successful club, by winning 8 times.

</doc>
<doc id="18406948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406948" title="Sven-Åke Johansson">
Sven-Åke Johansson

Sven-Åke Johansson (born 1943 in Mariestad, living in Berlin since 1968) is a Swedish drummer and composer associated with free jazz and free improvisation. He was in the Globe Unity Orchestra and played with German reedist Alfred Harth and Belgian pianist Nicole Van den Plas in E.M.T..

</doc>
<doc id="18406949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406949" title="Willie Laird">
Willie Laird

Willie Laird was a Scottish association football player, best known for his time with East Fife before and after the Second World War.
Willie Laird joined East Fife in 1937, signing from East Stirlingshire. Laird debuted for the Fifers in November of the same year in the 1-1 draw at Broomfield away to Airdrieonians. Laird established himself immediately as a first team regular and was selected for every one of the club's games in the run when won 1937-38 Scottish Cup - the only time the Methil men have won the trophy.
Willie laird returned to East Fife after the Second World War as the club enjoyed further success. In 1946-47 (the first season after the war) the club finished third missing promotion by one place. The next season (1947-48) East Fife were promoted to the top flight of Scottish football as 'B' Division champions.
During this post-war "Golden Period", the East Fife won the Scottish League Cup on no fewer than on three separate occasions (1947-48, 1949-50, and 1953-54) in seven seasons. A third Scottish Cup final appearance was added to its achievements list in 1949-50. In Laird's two full seasons in Scotland's top division East Fife finished fourth on both occasions.
Laird was playing at the club until 19 August 1950 with his last game being against Third Lanark at Bayview. He is the only man while playing for east Fife to win three major cup winners medals, a feat unlikely to be matched nor beaten. Laird made 219 East Fife appearances scoring one goal ironically against his former club East Stirlingshire. In the season when Laird stopped playing for East Fife the club's finishing League position dropped to tenth.
Among players who played at the club with Laird were Tommy Adams who also played in the Scottish Cup winning side before the war. Others joined club and would go on to represent Scotland while at the club - George Aitken, Davie Duncan, Allan Brown, Henry Morris and Charlie Fleming. Others such as Jimmy Philp and winger and later Scottish League cap Bobby Black were among those who picked up cup winners medals at the club.
With Laird at the club at the beginning of their golden era East Fife spent ten successive seasons in Scotland's top league with five finishes in Scotland's top six. Away from this period the club have spent only four other seasons playing in Scotland's top division.

</doc>
<doc id="18406954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406954" title="Gift of Screws">
Gift of Screws

Gift of Screws is the fifth solo album by American musician and Fleetwood Mac vocalist/guitarist Lindsey Buckingham, and was released on September 15, 2008.
Album history.
The album title existed as a solo album set for release in 2001 by Reprise Records. Songs were recorded between 1995 and 2000, some of which were performed and recorded live by Fleetwood Mac for their "The Dance" album and tour in 1997. They also feature contributions from bandmates Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
Upon presenting the finished album to Reprise, Buckingham was advised to retain some of the material for a forthcoming Fleetwood Mac album. To this end, Buckingham contributed several of the songs towards the 2003 album "Say You Will" and ultimately his next solo project, "Under the Skin", released in 2006.
However, high-quality bootlegs of the "Gift of Screws" project, which had been mixed but not yet mastered, were publicly circulated for free MP3 download in October 2001. 
The title track takes its inspiration from an Emily Dickinson . The song was recorded during the sessions for "Say You Will" but did not appear on the album.
Buckingham mentioned in several interviews upon the release of "Under the Skin" that his next album was to be more rock-oriented and would possibly feature contributions from Fleetwood and McVie.
The album features a song co-written with Buckingham's son Will and two songs co-written with his wife Kristen, who is also credited with the album's photography.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Lindsey Buckingham except where noted.
Reception.
"Gift of Screws" debuted on the Billboard 200 at #48 the week of October 4, 2008. The album was ranked #41 in "Q"'s 50 Best Albums of 2008.
References.
[http://www.lindseybuckingham.com] Lindsey Buckingham official website, accessed July 12, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="18406971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406971" title="100.9 ZZZ FM">
100.9 ZZZ FM

Triple Z (call sign: 2ZZZ) is a commercial radio station covering New South Wales' Far North Coast, and is part of the Broadcast Operations Group. The station targets the 18-39 market with a mostly top 40 hits format, though in networking hours the format shifts to a more adult contemporary mix.
It began broadcasting on January 1 1994 from its Goonellabah studios. First announcer on air was Dave Williams, followed by Vashti Stewart, Neil Marks & Mike O'Reilly. The first song played on air was 'Glenn Frey' with 'The Heat Is On'.
Triple Z is live 6am to 6pm weekdays and 6am to 12pm weekends, switching to a network feed outside of these hours.

</doc>
<doc id="18406974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406974" title="Plains coqui">
Plains coqui

The plains coqui or (), Eleutherodactylus juanariveroi, is an endangered species of coqui, a frog species, endemic to Puerto Rico. It was discovered in 2005 by Neftalí Rios, and was named after Puerto Rican herpetologist Juan A. Rivero, in honor of his contributions to Puerto Rican herpetology. It is only found in the old Naval Base of Sábana Seca in Toa Baja, Puerto Rico. It is characterized by a high-frequency, chip-like sound, a light-brown skin color, and a strip between the eyes. It is the smallest species of coqui. 
The Department of Natural Resources of Puerto Rico added this species to the endangered species list, and designated its critical habitat likewise. However, the protection was removed by the Puerto Rico Supreme Court on 12 June 2012.
The species is listed as endangered under the Endangered Species Act.

</doc>
<doc id="18406978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406978" title="Nowa Góra, Masovian Voivodeship">
Nowa Góra, Masovian Voivodeship

Nowa Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18406986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406986" title="The Human Condition (painting)">
The Human Condition (painting)

The Human Condition (La condition humaine) generally refers to two similar oil on canvas paintings by the Belgian surrealist René Magritte. One was completed in 1933 and is in the collection of the National Gallery of Art in Washington DC. The other was completed in 1935 and is part of the Simon Spierer Collection in Geneva, Switzerland. A number of drawings of the same name exist as well, including one at the Cleveland Museum of Art.
Relation to other paintings.
One of Magritte's most common artistic devices was the use of objects to hide what lies behind them. For example, in "The Son of Man" (1964) an apple hides the face of a man wearing a bowler hat, and in "The Pleasure Principle" (1937) a bright flash likewise obscures a face. In "The Human Condition", the cover-up appears in the form a painting within a painting.
Magritte had this to say of his 1933 work:
Paintings within paintings appear frequently in Magritte works. "Euclidean Walks" (1955) is a work perhaps most like "The Human Condition." It places a canvas in front of a high window depicting the tower of a close building and a street below. In "The Fair Captive" (1947), there is a beach scene with an easel set up. As in the previous cases it holds a canvas depicting what the viewer might expect to be behind it. This time though, flames from a burning tuba in front of the frame are seen "reflected." "The Call of the Peaks" (1942) shows a mountain canvas in front of a mountain background which is buffeted on the right by a curtain.
The list of similar works can easily be extended to include such paintings as "The Key to the Fields" (1936), its 1964 reincarnation "Evening Falls" and the 1942 work "The Domain of Arnheim", all of which feature broken windows whose shattered glass pieces on the floor still show the outside world they used to conceal.
Another series of pieces which show both strong similarities and strong differences from "The Human Condition" are the works titled "The Alarm Clock". In these works, a painting is placed on an easel in front of a window or on a balcony with a simple landscape in the background. However, the painting does not show what may possibly be behind, but is instead an upside-down basic fruit still life.

</doc>
<doc id="18406987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18406987" title="Arthrolycosa">
Arthrolycosa

Arthrolycosa (meaning "] with joints") is an extinct genus of spiders that lived about 300-250 million years ago. 
Fossils have been found Mazon Creek USA and in the Kirov Oblast region of Russia, which consisted of a single carapace. The carapace is about as wide as it is long.
"Arthrolycosa" is estimated to have grown to a length of 2 inches (5 centimeters) and may have preyed upon insects and other smaller animals that lived alongside it.

</doc>
<doc id="18407001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407001" title="Back to the Drawing Board!">
Back to the Drawing Board!

Back to the Drawing Board! is The Rubinoos' second album, released on Beserkley Records. Back to the Drawing Board! is a power pop album and fit well with the other power pop bands on Beserkley. This album is known for the single "I Wanna Be Your Boyfriend," which gained notoriety when Rubinoos members Tommy Dunbar and James Gangwer sued Avril Lavigne, alleging that her hit "Girlfriend" had too much in common with it.
The Rubinoos rereleased this album with bonus tracks on their own label on November 23, 2011.
Personnel.
and

</doc>
<doc id="18407005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407005" title="Bite Your Lip (Get Up and Dance!)">
Bite Your Lip (Get Up and Dance!)

"Bite Your Lip (Get Up and Dance!)" is a song by Elton John with lyrics by Bernie Taupin. It is the closing track of his 1976 album, "Blue Moves". It came out as a single two months after the release of the album. The US b-side was another album track, "Chameleon", which was also featured on the "Crazy Water"-single that only came out in the U.K., only four days later, but the UK release of 'Bite Your Lip' was released as a double-A side single, which was backed with 'Chicago' by Kiki Dee, making the release a joint chart effort. The single peaked at #28 in both the U.S. and the U.K.
Lyrical meaning.
The song is a typical party-song, inspired by the tunes of the time. It mentions various places, a choir throughout most of the song. It could be put in the same vein as disco, but also uses rock and roll, gospel, and pop elements.
Musical structure.
The song opens with Elton on piano, and then kicks off to the beat, with of a bluesy slide guitar solo by Davey Johnstone along with the heavy conga rhythms of Ray Cooper The rest of the band notably includes, among others, Caleb Quaye. The song begins to turn into a jam after about the first two minutes, prominently including a choir of singers chanting ""Bite your lip - get up - get up and dance - bite your lip - get up - get up and dance - bite your lip - get up - get up and dance, dance, dance! (Dance, dance...) (Dance, dance, daaaaaance!)"". Like the amount of vocals, the amount of instrumentation increases significantly during this portion, but with John on piano, the piano is obviously the dominant instrument; there are three piano solos in the song. As a result of the musical free-for-all, the song is six minutes and forty-three seconds, making it one of John's longest.
The song closed his "last" concert in 1977, which featured Stevie Wonder on stage. He also played it dressed as Donald Duck at the free concert in Central Park in 1980. The most recent performance dates from 2004, the first time since his throat surgery. The song was played as part of his tour for Peachtree Road but played in just a handful of concerts and then dropped from the set.
Personnel
With:
Instrument with unknown players:

</doc>
<doc id="18407028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407028" title="Mahoningtown, Pennsylvania">
Mahoningtown, Pennsylvania

Mahoningtown is a neighborhood in the southwestern part of the city of New Castle, Pennsylvania, United States. Though it is named for the nearby Mahoning River, the city actually sits on the banks of the Shenango River. The two rivers merge and become the Beaver River just south of the city.
Mahoningtown is located in Lawrence County at latitude 40.975 and longitude -80.372. Located about two and one-half miles south of New Castle in Taylor township, Mahoningtown was at one time a separate municipality before being annexed by New Castle. Mahoningtown officially became the seventh ward of New Castle, Pennsylvania in 1898.
History.
William Simpson, from Butler County, was the first settler to arrive in Mahoningtown. Arriving in 1836, he is credited with opening Mahoningtown's first store. That same year, Pittsburgh residents Benjamin Darlington and William Hayes laid out the town on five hundred acres of property they owned. In 1844, a general store was opened by Archibald Newell, who came to Mahoningtown from Crawford County. Mahoningtown's first postmaster was John Gillespie.
Transportation and access.
Routes 18 and 108 pass through Mahoningtown, while U.S. Route 422 passes over the city on the New Castle Bypass.

</doc>
<doc id="18407031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407031" title="Louis Riché">
Louis Riché

Louis Riché (29 May 1877 Paris - 1949), was a French sculptor in bronze.
His first exhibition was held at the Salon de Paris in 1896 at the age of nineteen. He was fond of sculpting animals, his favourite subjects being German Shepherd Dogs. Except during World War I and World War II, the Salon continued exhibiting his work throughout his lifetime. He used the Thiebaut Freres and Risler & Carré foundries for the casting of his work.

</doc>
<doc id="18407046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407046" title="Musée du Service des Objets Trouvés">
Musée du Service des Objets Trouvés

The Musée du Service des Objets Trouvés, also known as the Petit musée des objets trouvés, is a small museum of articles maintained by the Service des Objets Trouvés (Lost and Found Department) of the Paris Police. It is located in the 15th arrondissement at 36, rue des Morillons, Paris, France. Although it is located within the public lost and found repository, the museum itself is not generally open to the public.
A thousand objects are lost every day in the suburbs and airports of Paris, found by others and brought to the police department or placed in a mailbox to be delivered to the museum. The top three objects found: identity documents, keys and glasses. In 2011, 186,000 objects were found and delivered to the museum for recovery.
The museum contains a number of unusual items that have not (yet) been claimed by their owners, including a lobster found at Paris-Orly Airport airport, a funerary urn lost in the subway station near Père Lachaise Cemetery, a fireman's helmet, skulls, a wooden leg, wedding dresses, and a roll of copper weighing over .

</doc>
<doc id="18407065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407065" title="2009 Gulf Cup of Nations">
2009 Gulf Cup of Nations

The 2009 Gulf Cup of Nations was the nineteenth edition of the biannual Gulf Cup competition, and took place in Muscat, Oman, from 4 January to 17 January 2009 and was won by Oman for the first time in its history, in a penalty shootout against regional rivals, Saudi Arabia.
The 2009 Gulf Cup of Nations marked as a milestone in the competition when it was broadcast for the first time in HD, and featured virtual graphics, such as distance between free kick barrier and the goal, 9.15 m circle for free-kicks, and off-side line detection with help from Al-Jazeera Sports. Many praised Al-Jazeera for their excellent coverage of the competition, noting that the camerawork was very similar to Euro 2008.
The postponing of the competition.
The 2009 Gulf Cup of Nations was originally planned out to be held in 2008, but due to Cyclone Gonu damaging Muscat six months before the planned time of the event, it was then postponed to early 2009.
Teams.
8 teams participated in the tournament.
Matches.
Group A.
<br>
<br>
<br>
Group B.
<br>
<br>
<br>
Semi finals.
<br>
Total goals by team.
10 goals 
7 goals 

</doc>
<doc id="18407078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407078" title="Konstantin Buteyko">
Konstantin Buteyko

Konstantin Pavlovich Buteyko (; January 27, 1923 – May 2, 2003) was the creator of the Buteyko method for the treatment of asthma and other breathing disorders.
Early life.
Konstantin Pavlovich Buteyko was born on 27 January 1923 into a farming family in Ivanitsa, near Kiev, Ukraine. His father was a keen mechanic and he followed this passion, studying mechanical engineering at Kiev Polytechnic. World War II interrupted this study however and he was sent to join a motorcade supplying the front lines. During the war, Buteyko had become tired of mechanics and made the decision to go into medicine.
Medical training.
In 1946 Buteyko enrolled at the First Moscow Institute of Medicine. He gained his degree with Honors in 1952 and became a resident. During his medical studies he was given a project of making observations on patients’ breathing rates in relation to the severity and prognosis of their illness. He soon came to the conclusion that there was an association between these two factors, such that as a patient’s condition became more severe so their breathing rate increased.
Buteyko reasoned that if there really was a connection between hyperventilation and illness it should be possible to reverse this by deliberate breath control. Having already made a study of several texts on yoga he was aware of exercises in breath restriction and so began to experiment both on himself and with his patients. These early trials became known as the Buteyko method.
Developing the method.
By the early 1980s the Russian authorities were sufficiently impressed with Buteyko’s results to allow him a formal trial, or ‘approbation’ with asthmatic children in a Moscow hospital. Although very different in design from the standard controlled trial now predominant in the west, the results were sufficiently impressive to persuade the State Medical System to approve the method for widespread use.
The spread of the method.
In the late 1980s an Australian businessman was admitted to hospital in Russia for treatment of an attack of angina. He was introduced to the Buteyko method (known in Russia as ‘Voluntary Elimination of Deep Breathing’ or VEDB) and found it extremely helpful. The Australian sponsored two Russian practitioners to teach the techniques in Australia. Within a short time, one of these people, Alexander Stalmatski was also training new teachers. The first blinded, controlled trial of Buteyko was carried out in 1994. Since then the Buteyko method has spread to numerous countries around the world with multiple organizations who have adopted the method.
Final years.
Professor Buteyko died in Moscow, Russia on May 2, 2003, aged 80.

</doc>
<doc id="18407082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407082" title="Meter (hymn)">
Meter (hymn)

A hymn meter or metre indicates the number of syllables for the lines in each stanza of a hymn. This provides a means of marrying the hymn's text with an appropriate hymn tune for singing. 
Hymn and poetic meter.
In the English language poetic meters and hymn meters have different starting points but there is nevertheless much overlap. Take the opening lines of the hymn "Amazing Grace":
Analyzing this, a poet would see a couplet with four iambic metrical feet in the first line and three in the second. A musician would more likely count eight syllables in the first line and six in the second.
Completing that verse:
the hymnist describes it as 8.6.8.6 (or 86.86).
Conventionally most hymns in this 86.86 pattern are iambic (weak-strong syllable pairs). By contrast most hymns in an 87.87 pattern are trochaic, with strong-weak syllable pairs:
In practice many hymns conform to one of a relatively small number of meters (syllable patterns), and within the most commonly used ones there is a general convention as to whether its stress pattern is iambic or trochaic (or perhaps dactylic). It is rare to find any significant metrical substitution in a well-written hymn; indeed, such variation usually indicates a poorly constructed text.
Representation.
All meters can be represented numerically. In addition, some of those most frequently encountered are named:
Often a longer verse will, in effect, be two short verses joined together or doubled. So:
A large number of hymns, including many well known ones, use other meters: examples are "Abide With Me" (10.10.10.10) and "Come Down, O Love Divine" (6.6.11.D).
Metrical index.
Hymns written in a particular meter may be sung to any tune in that same meter, as long as the poetic foot (such as iambic, trochaic) also conforms.
Most hymnals include a metrical index of the book's tunes.

</doc>
<doc id="18407084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407084" title="Fritztown, Pennsylvania">
Fritztown, Pennsylvania

Fritztown, PA is an unincorporated community in South Heidelberg and Spring Township, Berks County. It is located along Fritztown Road to the west of U.S. Route 222 and approximately 2 miles NE of the Berks and Lancaster County line and 3.4 miles SW of Sinking Spring. The Cacoosing Creek begins here and drains northeastward into the Tulpehocken Creek, a tributary of the Schuylkill River. The area is seeing a population growth due to new sub-divisions being built around the community. It is served by the Sinking Spring branch of the Reading post office with the zip code of 19608. [http://pennsylvania.hometownlocator.com/zip-codes/data,zipcode,19608.cfm]

</doc>
<doc id="18407092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407092" title="Two (Bob James album)">
Two (Bob James album)

Two is the second album by jazz musician Bob James.
Reception.
This album is the second of a series of jazz-funk classics (along with "One", "Three" and "BJ4"). Released in 1975, this album charted at number two on the Jazz Album Charts. The track "Take Me to the Mardi Gras" is one of the most widely used tracks in hip-hop breakbeat samples.

</doc>
<doc id="18407098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407098" title="Lymph duct">
Lymph duct

A lymph duct is a great lymphatic vessel that empties lymph into one of the subclavian veins. There are two lymph ducts in the body—the right lymphatic duct and the thoracic duct. The right lymphatic duct drains lymph from the right upper limb, right side of thorax and right halves of head and neck. The thoracic duct drains lymph into the circulatory system at the left brachiocephalic vein between the left subclavian and left internal jugular veins.

</doc>
<doc id="18407100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407100" title="Reynold Brown">
Reynold Brown

Reynold Brown (October 18, 1917 – August 24, 1991) was a prolific American realist artist who painted many Hollywood film posters.
He attended Alhambra High School and refined his drawing under his teacher Lester Bonar. A talented artist, Brown met Hal Forrest, who hired him to ghost draw the comic strip "Tailspin Tommy" from 1936-1937. Norman Rockwell's sister was a teacher at Alhambra High, and Brown later met Rockwell who advised him to leave cartooning if he wanted to be an illustrator. Brown subsequently won a scholarship to the Otis Art Institute.
During World War II he worked as a technical artist at North American Aviation. There he met his wife, fellow artist Mary Louise Tejeda.
Following the war Brown drew numerous advertisements and illustrations for magazines such as "Argosy", "Popular Science", "Saturday Evening Post", "Boy's Life", "Outdoor Life", and "Popular Aviation". Brown also drew paperback book covers.
Brown taught at the Art Center College of Design where he met Misha Kallis, then an art director at Universal Pictures. Through Kallis, Brown began his film poster work starting with "The World in His Arms" (1952), then did the art work for dozens of film posters, including:
Brown's original painting for the poster of "The Alamo" hung for many years at the actual Alamo in San Antonio, Texas.
He suffered a severe stroke in 1976 that left his left side paralyzed and ended his commercial work. Brown and his family moved to Dawes County, Nebraska; with his wife's help, Brown continued to paint landscapes until his death in 1991.
In 1994, Mel Bucklin's documentary about Reynold Brown entitled "The Man Who Drew Bug-Eyed Monsters" was broadcast on US public television. A book reproducing many of Brown's artworks, "Reynold Brown: A Life in Pictures", was published in 2009. 

</doc>
<doc id="18407105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407105" title="Jørgen Rantzau">
Jørgen Rantzau

Jørgen Rantzau, (1652–1713) was a Danish military officer, who fought several campaigns under John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough.
He already fought under Marlborough in 1691 during the War of the Grand Alliance. In 1701, he became brigade-commander and in 1705 general-major. At the Battle of Blenheim he commanded the 4th Jydske Horse Regiment. At the Battle of Oudenaarde in 1708, he commanded the cavalry in the vanguard under Cadogan and played an important role in the early stages of the battle.
The collaboration between the older and more experienced Rantzau under the younger, less experienced Cadogan is an example of the congruence in Marlborough's multinational army. In 1709, Denmark reentered the Great Northern War against Sweden and Rantzau returned to Denmark to participate as lieutenant-general in the invasion of Scania under Christian Detlev Reventlow. This led to the Battle of Helsingborg (1710). Just prior to the battle, Reventlow was taken ill and had to yield command to Jørgen Rantzau. The battle was a great defeat and Rantzau was blamed. He died a few years later in Lübeck.

</doc>
<doc id="18407108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407108" title="List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2000 (U.S.)">
List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2000 (U.S.)

This is a list of the U.S. "Billboard" magazine Top 40 Mainstream number-ones of 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18407146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407146" title="Gibraltar, Pennsylvania">
Gibraltar, Pennsylvania

Gibraltar is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in northern Robeson Township in southern Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States. Its population was 680 as of the 2010 census. The community is four miles from Birdsboro and 6.4 miles from downtown Reading. It is served by the Twin Valley School District and is across the Schuylkill River from Exeter.
History.
The town is named after Gibraltar, in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18407148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407148" title="Martin Kovachev">
Martin Kovachev

Martin Kovachev (; born 13 March 1982) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays as a defender for Pelister.
Career.
Kovachev played for Velbazhd Kyustendil, Spartak Varna, Litex Lovech and Dunav Rousse before moving to Chernomorets in June 2008 for a free transfer. With the club Kovachev played in a matches of Intertoto Cup 2008 against Slovenian ND Gorica and Swiss Grasshopper Club Zürich. Six months later he is loaned to Naftex Burgas. On 5 July 2009 Kovachev signed three years contract with OFC Sliven 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18407154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407154" title="Ulceby, North Lincolnshire">
Ulceby, North Lincolnshire

Ulceby is a village, civil parish and post town in North Lincolnshire, England. It is situated north from the A180 road, north-west from Grimsby and east from Scunthorpe. Ulceby is a rural village surrounded by fields, farms and the nearby villages of Habrough, Wootton and Croxton.
The 2001 census recorded a village population of 1,500 in 631 households, but since the village has grown to 1,711, as of the 2011 census.
Facilities.
Village facilities include a Co-op shop, post Office, village hall and community centre, a playing field, play area, veterinary centre, hairdressers and a guest house. There are fast food outlets: a fish and chip shop and a Chinese takeaway. Ulceby public houses are The Fox Inn, and the Yarborough Arms located from the centre of the village; a previous public house, The Brocklesby Ox, has now closed. The village has a preschool and primary St Nicholas C of E Primary School.
Ulceby railway station, at Ulceby Skitter, is situated 1 mile, and Ulceby Truck Stop (an HGV park with cafe and petrol station) from the centre of village.
Religious sites and landmarks are the Anglican church of St Nicholas, Ulceby Seventh-day Adventist Chapel, and a war memorial; Ulceby Methodist Chapel closed in June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18407163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407163" title="Pep's">
Pep's

Pep's is a French artist (as well as a group) based in Grenoble, with musical styles encompassing genres such as rock, R&B & reggae. The group was formed in 2001. The stage name of singer (and group) comes from a nickname inspired by the lead singer's name: Florian Peppuy. His influences are very diverse, ranging from Led Zeppelin and Noir Désir, to Ben Harper, Otis Redding and The Fugees.
Biography.
Florian Peppuy first picked up the trombone age 6 and a decade later he started composing and performing locally in a group by the name of "Recycled." At the age of 18, he left for Paris, changed his stage name to Pep’s and spent two years playing as a Busker in local Bars, and on the streets of Paris. It was around this time, that the group: Pep's was formed.
It consists of bassist and former “Recycled” member Philippe Berruyer, Florian Peppuy's childhood buddy drummer, Alexandre Combeau, a saxophone gold medallist and graduate from the Conservatory of Grenoble, Guillaume Diederichs, a DJ, multi-instrumentalist Dan-Luc Bicrame, and Pesenti Richard, another childhood friend joined as manager of the band.
In 2001, the group self-produced and released their first CD with six tracks named "Follow the Flo". In 2003, after performing at over 300 concerts, Pep's recorded their first studio album, "Smile of the soul" with Fred "Brain" Monestier (Sinsemilia, Mig ..). The lead single, entitled "Liberta" featuring singer Djazia Satour from the group Mig, quickly became a national phenomenon, and increased the band’s reputation. Richard Pesenti, the manager as well as a musician in the band, left the group to pursue a solo career, and was replaced in 2005 by Sebastian Michaut, who created and manages the label "Follow Flo."
A maxi "Pending" album was released in 2006. It comprises four titles taken from the band’s various live singles, but also two new singles entitled "J'te greenhouse" and "Tristan", a tribute to snowboard champion Tristan Picot, a friend of Pep's, who died in Jackson Hole (U.S.) on January 4, 2003 during an avalanche.
In 2007, Guillaume Alexandre and Combeau Diederichs left the group, to pursue other activities. Guillaume Marocco a drummer from Grenoble, replaced the original drummer. In Mid-2007, the group signed a contract artist with the label "Echo Production" created by Mike Inca, the leader of the group Sinsemilia, and after a summer of work, the group released a new album in October 2007, produced by Laurent Guéneau (Khaled, Sinsemilia ...).
Pep's has an eclectic style, which varies from song to song - mainly based around: rock, reggae, soul, funk, jazz and hip-hop.
Discography.
Albums.
Source : Pepmusic.com

</doc>
<doc id="18407165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407165" title="Megatylopus">
Megatylopus

Megatylopus is an extinct and large genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae, endemic to North America from the Miocene through Late Pliocene—Early Pleistocene boundary 13.6—1.8 mya, existing for approximately .
Taxonomy.
"Megatylopus" was named by Matthew and Cook (1909). Its type is Megatylopus gigas. It was synonymized subjectively with Paracamelus by Macdonald (1959). It was assigned to Camelidae by Matthew and Cook (1909), Webb (1965), Patton (1969), Harrison (1985), Carroll (1988) and Honey et al. (1998).
Morphology.
It stood about 4.20 m (14 ft) tall, with its legs already measuring 2.10 m (7 ft). Fossil remains have been found in Oklahoma, USA.
Body mass.
A single specimen was examined for estimated body mass by M. Mendoza, C. M. Janis, and P. Palmqvist. This specimen was estimated to weigh 
Fossil distribution.
Fossil distribution ranged from North Carolina to California.

</doc>
<doc id="18407187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407187" title="Put Ya Hands Up">
Put Ya Hands Up

Put Ya Hands Up may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18407188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407188" title="Agequake">
Agequake

Agequake: Riding the Demographic Rollercoaster Shaking Business, Finance and our World is a book written by Paul Wallace and published in 1999, that investigates what possible ramifications are likely as a significant and unprecedented portion of the human population age. The book argues that rising longevity and lower fertility is causing a seismic shift in the profile of populations worldwide, and will be a fundamental force to that will shake business and finance, along with lifestyles and attitudes. Wallace suggests the old bogey of overpopulation is being replaced by a population "implosion". 
Through using dependency ratios (the ratio of non-working dependents to the working population) will lead to a point where workers will be burdened with the fiscal and practical responsibilities of supporting a ballooning population of aged retirees. Society and economy will be affected as the proportion of youth declines - typically the most entrepreneurial, creating and risk taking segment of society. Along with the liquidation of baby boomer assets to pay for their retirements, this is likely to halt economic growth in the future, and economic stagnation may be a more likely prospect. Housing prices will plummet, and the world may experience the greatest bear market in history.
Internationally the relationship between youthful and aggressive developing world and the rich older Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) countries (where elderly women will become an influential constituency) will change.

</doc>
<doc id="18407194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407194" title="Vionta">
Vionta

Vionta is a winery in Vilanova de Arousa in the Salnés Valley, the northern-most subzone of the Spanish appellation of Rías Baixas. The winery is one of the largest Albariño vineyards in Spain.
Vionta is owned by the Ferrer family, makers of Freixenet, the premier Cava of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18407199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407199" title="RPP">
RPP

The abbreviation RPP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18407203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407203" title="Gouglersville, Pennsylvania">
Gouglersville, Pennsylvania

Gouglersville is a census-designated place in Spring and Cumru Townships, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It is located on U.S. Route 222 Business approximately 3.6 miles from Mohnton. As of the 2010 census, the population was 548 residents.

</doc>
<doc id="18407221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407221" title="MOTD">
MOTD

MOTD may refer to either one of these things:

</doc>
<doc id="18407239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407239" title="List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2001 (U.S.)">
List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2001 (U.S.)

This is a list of the U.S. "Billboard" magazine Top 40 Mainstream number-ones of 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18407248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407248" title="Amended Christadelphians">
Amended Christadelphians

"This article refers to a distinction that is today only directly relevant in North America. For more complete information on Christadelphians please see the main article"
The term Amended Christadelphians is a name given in North American publications to Christadelphian fellowships who adhere to the "Birmingham Amended Statement of Faith" (BASF).
Use of the term.
Both "Amended" and "Unamended" are prefixes exclusive to the United States and Canada, as the issue is localised there.
Usage of the term Amended Christadelphians has changed over the years since the words "Amended" and "Unamended" were first used, 1898–1908. Usage today also varies, among Christadelphians, according to the country and affiliation of the user. This change can be verified by noting references in the magazines of the community including "The Christadelphian Tidings" (Amended, North America), "The Christadelphian Advocate" (Unamended, North America), "The Berean Ecclesial News" (Berean, North America) and "The Christadelphian" (Britain)
(A). "Amended" indicating all non-Unamended Christadelphians.
Historically, from 1898 the terms "Amended" and "Unamended" refer to the statements of faith used by each set of Christadelphians, one of which has been amended (and hence the prefix – "Amended" – added to that community of Christadelphians), and one has not been amended (and hence the prefix – "Unamended" – added to that community of Christadelphians). So technically all Christadelphians using a statement of faith containing the 1898 "Amendment" are de facto "Amended". This applies even to many UK ecclesias which never physically "amended" their statements but retain pre-1898 versions.
(B). "Amended" indicating North America members of the worldwide Central grouping.
However, today the use of the term "Amended Christadelphians" is often restricted to identify the North American members of the worldwide "Central" grouping, in relation to Unamended Christadelphians.
In particular it is now unusual for the term "Amended" to be used of:
Difference in doctrine between Amended and Unamended Christadelphians.
In contrast to some Unamended Christadelphians, the Amended groups believe that all who are responsible will be raised from the dead at the time of the Judgment when Jesus returns to the earth. The "responsible" are those who have been exposed to the Gospel. The righteous among the responsible ones will be judged according to their works, rewarded appropriately, and live forever. The wicked will be annihilated, and cease to exist. Those who are not responsible, since they had never heard the Gospel, will not be raised.
The Unamended group traditionally allows the teaching that only people who have been baptised are responsible, and it is only these will be raised from the dead at the time of the Judgement when Jesus returns to the earth. The righteous among these ones will be judged according to their works, rewarded appropriately, and live forever. The wicked among these people will be annihilated, and cease to exist. Those who are not responsible, since they had never be baptised, will not be raised.
However a significant number of Unamended Christadelphians do not allow this teaching, and have adopted various documents such as the "North American Statement of Unity" which are doctrinally consistent with the Amended position on teaching.
Historical development.
Statement of Faith & Division of Christadelphian Fellowships.
A major division occurred among the Christadelphians 1895-1899 on the issue of "resurrectional responsibility". The controversy caused serious disagreement concerning whether the Judgement at the return of Christ would be limited to baptised believers, or would also apply to anyone who had "heard" the Gospel message, but had rejected it – referred to as "enlightened rejectors".
Although the issue had already surfaced in Sydney in 1884, leading to excommunication of members there, and in London in 1887, when the issue surfaced on a much larger scale 1895-1897, the influential Birmingham Ecclesia, took the decision in January 1898 to amend Clause 24 of their Statement of Faith by inserting 18 words in brackets to clarify this. A minority in Leeds and London did not accept the amendment and a division in the UK followed led by Albert Hall and John Owler, and finding support from Thomas Williams (Christadelphian) of Chicago. The division spread to North America and was cemented in 1909 in Williams printed in Chicago a "Unamended Statement of Faith." with a few minor adjustments from the influential Birmingham Ecclesia's statement, but with the name "Birmingham" removed, and the offending amendment in Clause 24. Those in North America who associated on the basis of the unamended statement of faith became known as the Unamended Fellowship, and those who have associated on the basis of the amended statement become known, when in contrast to the Unamended Fellowship, as the Amended Christadelphians. There is still some disagreement today over what the original established beliefs of the Christadelphian community as a whole were prior to the controversy leading up to the division in 1898, with some members of each "fellowship" claiming that their current views were the original.
Reunion efforts.
Most of the North American "Amended" ecclesias separated from the UK and Australian "Central" ecclesias from 1923–1952, as the Berean Christadelphians, but the majority of Bereans rejoined "Central" in 1952 following efforts by local brethren assisted by John Carter (Christadelphian) of The Christadelphian magazine. Further reunions (unrelated to the Amended/Unamended split in North America) occurred in Britain and Australia in 1957, bringing almost all Christadelphians together into one grouping for the first time since 1885. During the 1990s a serious effort was made to bring unity to North America with the North American Statement on Unity. Local efforts are ongoing.

</doc>
<doc id="18407260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407260" title="Jacksonwald, Pennsylvania">
Jacksonwald, Pennsylvania

Jacksonwald is a census-designated place in Exeter Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It is located less than a mile from the borough of St. Lawrence. As of the 2010 census, the population was 3,393 residents.
The Village of Jacksonwald was established in 1870, when a gentlemen by the name John Jackson built the Jacksonwald Hotel on the corner of Oley Turnpike Road and Church Lane Road. The Hotel overlooked a little red schoolhouse which was also built in 1870 and then restored in 1970 for its 100th anniversary. Prior to 1870, the area was once referred to as Schwarzwald, German for "black forest," because it reminded early Berks settlers of the Black Forest region of Germany. Nevertheless, on the 27th of March 1967 the Jacksonwald Hotel was unfortunately demolished to make way for a Boyertown headquartered bank branch, National Penn Bank.
Wald is the German word for woods or forests. Similarly to the origination of other cities, towns and villages of the time, citizens often named their community after a prominent landmark or individual. Hence, the name "Jacksonwald". 

</doc>
<doc id="18407269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407269" title="De Bereboot">
De Bereboot

De Bereboot (The Bear Boat) is a Dutch children's programme from the 1970s written by Lo Hartog van Banda. The first season was broadcast by NOS from October 2, 1976 to April 29, 1977. After a transfer to AVRO the second season ran from October 1, 1977 to September 30, 1978. No less than 407 episodes were made.
Cast.
Leading characters.
De Bereboot is kept afloat by a three-piece line-up; the white-moustachioed captain Brom (Grouch), a young panda called Maatje (Buddy) and a technician by the name of Brilbeer (Speccy Bear).
Plot.
The three bears enter the pub and start a conversation with Neel; halfway subject switches to one of their adventures. Because of the five-minute slot these were serialised over the course of two to five episodes, and oftens took place at the silliest of theme-isles.
A few examples are the above mentioned Stupid Toddler's Island that served as a boobytrap for a robber who took great delight in claiming kids' pocket-money; Cake Island, where two bakers are constantly feeding this greedy geezer with pastries; Hat Island, where one's status can be judged by the size of his hat. The bears had even the (mis)fortune of meeting the permanently water-eyed inhabitants of Cryland (who referred to the captain as being fat when he told them to stop crying).
Side-project.
During their AVRO days the bears also hosted the Wednesday afternoon show Berebios (Bear's Flicks) at the local cinema with Fred selling the tickets. Apart from their own adventures they also aired Dutch-dubbed cartoons (from Hanna-Barbera, "The Adventures of Tintin", and their Scandinavian peer "Rasmus Klump"). After cancellation of De Bereboot, the Wednesday slot changed its name into Kinderbios (Kid's Flicks) and remained for about a decade.
Merchandise & popularity resurgence.
The images of Brom, Maatje and Brilbeer appeared on merchandise ranging from erasers to balloons; the latter even guesting in one of the episodes. A six tune sampler was available at a now defunct supermarket-chain as a taster of the album-formats.
In 1991, nine year after re-runs of the first season, De Bereboot was introduced to the new generation; this time on TROS. The original theme-tune was replaced with the one used for the AVRO-season and the episodes were slotted together as one. Later children's channel Kindernet (now Nickelodeon) took over with more success; by 2000 new merchandise was available including double VHS-tapes. These have yet to be converted onto DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="18407272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407272" title="Truth, Beauty and a Picture of You">
Truth, Beauty and a Picture of You

Truth, Beauty and a Picture of You is a "Best of" compilation album by Australian rock band The Whitlams.
The album is a comprehensive look at the journey of the ARIA award winning band, from scrappy beginnings and tragedy to the success and stability of recent years. It also features a new song, "The Road Is Lost", featuring Torcha and the Queensland Orchestra.
The title comes from a lyric in the track "No Aphrodisiac".
""I actually wanted to call it Long Story Short (a title taken by new Tamworth band Chasing Bailey). If you listen to the songs you get exactly an understanding of where we've been."" - Tim Freedman
A two disc deluxe edition includes a bonus DVD with documentaries on the making of the "Love This City" and "Torch The Moon" albums, and footage of their concerts at the Sydney Opera House in 2007 with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra. An article in The Age promoted the album's release, discussing the orchestrally-reworked Whitlams songs, the highs and lows of the band, and Freedman's young daughter Alice.
Chart positions and sales.
Truth, Beauty and a Picture of You debuted at No. 3 on the ARIA Top 50 Album Chart
Bonus DVD.
Includes videos from The Whitlams Years DVD and footage from the Whitlams & SSO concerts.

</doc>
<doc id="18407301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407301" title="Jalappa, Pennsylvania">
Jalappa, Pennsylvania

Jalappa is a village in Tilden Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It is located on Old Route 22 (slso known as the Hex Highway) less than a mile south of Interstate 78. Access to 78 is from Hamburg and Shartlesville. The Mill Creek flows eastward through the village to the Schuylkill River. The village uses the Hamburg zip code of 19526. [http://www.hipcodes.com/19526/]

</doc>
<doc id="18407315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407315" title="List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2002 (U.S.)">
List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2002 (U.S.)

This is a list of the U.S. "Billboard" magazine Top 40 Mainstream number-ones of 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18407316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407316" title="Waiapu (New Zealand electorate)">
Waiapu (New Zealand electorate)

Waiapu was a New Zealand parliamentary electorate in the Gisborne – East Coast Region of New Zealand, from 1893 (when it took over the eastern part of the East Cape electorate) to 1908.
Population centres.
In the 1892 electoral redistribution, population shift to the North Island required the transfer of one seat from the South Island to the north. The resulting ripple effect saw every electorate established in 1890 have its boundaries altered, and eight electorates were established for the first time, including Waiapu. By area, it was a large electorate, and it was made up from areas that previously belonged to the (which was abolished) and the (which shifted south) electorates. Its southern boundary was at the electorate and it extended north to Cape Runaway. Settlements that were covered by the original electorate include Tokomaru Bay, Tolaga Bay, Te Karaka, Matawai, Gisborne, Wairoa, and Bay View.
In the 1896 electoral redistribution, the Waiapu electorate lost its southern area to the Hawke's Bay electorate, with the Mohaka River used as the new boundary. The settlement of Bay View transferred to the Hawke's Bay electorate. In the 1902 electoral redistribution, the southern boundary of the Waiapu electorate moved further north again, and Lake Waikaremoana, the settlement of Wairoa, and the Mahia Peninsula transferred to the Hawke's Bay electorate.
In the 1907 electoral redistribution, the Waiapu electorate was abolished, and the majority of its area became part of the electorate, with the balance going to the new electorate.
History.
Waiapu was represented by one MP, Sir James Carroll, for all fifteen years. He had previously been the MP for Eastern Maori, and in 1908 he became the MP for the Gisborne electorate.
Election results.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="18407367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407367" title="Kirbyville, Pennsylvania">
Kirbyville, Pennsylvania

Kirbyville is located on Route 222 in Richmond Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania, just west of Moselem Springs, and 10 minutes from Kutztown.

</doc>
<doc id="18407381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407381" title="Protochonetes">
Protochonetes

Protochonetes is an extinct genus of brachiopod. Its shell was lined with spines.

</doc>
<doc id="18407392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407392" title="Yugoslav Muslim Organization">
Yugoslav Muslim Organization

Yugoslav Muslim Organization () was a Bosnian Muslim political party in the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. It was founded in Sarajevo on 16 February 1919 and was led by Mehmed Spaho. The party was a successor of Muslimanska Narodna Organizacija (Muslim National Organization), an conservative Bosniak party during the Austro-Hungarian era. In election campaigns the JMO did mobilize on religious slogans rather than Bosniak nationality, calling failure of Muslims to vote for the party as a sin. The party had considerable influence in Islamic religious institutions, and JMO came to dominate the political life in Bosnia. The party appealed to Muslims throughout Yugoslavia, urging them not to migrate to Turkey.
In 1921 JMO aligned itself with the governing Serbian parties. JMO wanted to achieve territorial integrity of Bosnia and Herzegovina and demanded religious authonomy as well as right for the Sharia law. Their demands were given to the Constitutional Assembly and as a compromise those demands were accepted and incorporated in the Vidovdan Constitution under the so-called "Turkish Paragraph". The support of JMO was important to pass the new constitution. This alliance became short-lived though. In 1922 a new Muslim party, Yugoslav Muslim People's Organization (JMNO), was formed and overtook the role as the Muslim ally of the Serbian parties. JMNO did however fail to attract any major section of the JMO vote-bank. In 1923 the party founded the cultural organization "Narodna Uzdanica".
JMO entered into a short-lived alliance with the Slovenian People's Party and the Croatian Republican Peasant Party. After the alliance the broke down in 1925, JMO found itself politically isolated and came under attack from Serbian paramilitaries. At one time the paramilitaries attempted to kill Spaho.
In 1927 the party suffered some setback in the election. After the election JMO joined a Serbian-led government. At this time the profile of JMO shifted, as it began to stress that it was a Bosnian party, rather than Muslim or Yugoslav.
JMO was banned by Alexander I, along with other parties.
Election results.
Elections results in Yugoslavia, 1920-1927

</doc>
<doc id="18407396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407396" title="Old Stone Bank">
Old Stone Bank

Old Stone Bank was a popular Rhode Island banking institution. It was founded as a mutual savings bank, officially named the Providence Institution for Savings, in 1819. 
In the early 1970s the bank adopted as its mascot and "spokesperson" cartoon character Fred Flintstone, who would say in commercials "Yabba-dabba-doo, love that Old Stone Bank!"
The bank's ATMs were called "Ready Freddy".
Old Stone Bank collapsed in the 1980s after the federal government convinced it to take over two failed savings and loan institutions, but reneged on its promise that it would not hurt the bank to do so.
In 1992, Old Stone filed a lawsuit against the government alleging breach of contract. They were awarded $192 million in 2004, but an appeals court reduced the award to 74.5 million, and the Supreme Court declined to hear a further appeal.
Old Stone Bank Building.
The landmark Old Stone Bank Building, from which the bank derived its popular nickname and which housed the bank's flagship branch, is located on South Main Street in Providence. The granite edifice with a distinctive gold leaf, spired dome was designed by C.J. and R.J. Hall in 1854 and is a prime example of the style of bank architecture, prevalent from the mid-19th to the mid-20th Century, which communicated stability, strength and permanence. 
It was sold by the Resolution Trust Corporation to Brown University for $1.15 million in 1995 to house the Haffenreffer Museum of Anthropology's collection of Native American artifacts. In 1999 Brown decided it was unfeasible to house the collection in the building as the necessary alterations would have altered the historic character of the building. In April 2009 Brown sold the building to Gold Dome Properties, LLC for $2.14 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18407397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407397" title="Architecture in Tibet">
Architecture in Tibet

Architecture in Tibet contains Chinese and Indian influences but has many unique features brought about by its adaptation to the cold, generally arid, high-altitude climate of the Tibetan plateau. Buildings are generally made from locally available construction materials, and are often embellished with symbols of Tibetan Buddhism. For example, private homes often have Buddhist prayer flags flying from the rooftop. 
Religious structures fall into two main types: temples, which are used for religious ceremonies and worship; and stupas (Chörtens), which are reliquaries and symbols. Temples (gompas) come in a great variety of styles, generally reflecting local architectural traditions. The design of the Tibetan Chörtens can vary, from roundish walls in Kham to squarish, four-sided walls in Ladakh. In a few regions, especially Danba County, one may see tall and impressive stone towers, many over a century old.
Secular structures in Tibet include private homes, multi-family dwellings, and shops. Some herding families live in tents for part of the year, although people who live in tents year-round are becoming rare due to government programs to encourage (or require) herdsmen to move into permanent housing. Manor homes that belonged to the Tibetan aristocracy before 1949 have all but disappeared from the Tibetan plateau; however at least one, Namseling Manor in Dranang County, Lhoka Prefecture, which dates from the 14th century, has been restored.
Typically, Tibetan structures are constructed of natural materials such as stone, clay, and wood. Since 1980, concrete has also come into use but so far is not widespread. The most desirable building sites are on elevated land facing south. Flat roofs are used in most parts of the central and western Tibetan plateau where rainfall is slight; however in the eastern Tibetan plateau where summer rains are heavier, sloping roofs, covered either in slate, shingles, or (increasingly) ceramic tile, are popular in some regions. In prosperous agricultural areas, private homes may have up to three stories. In herding areas where houses may be used only part of the year, they usually have only one story. 
Walls that are constructed of stone or rammed earth may be up to a meter thick at the base. In large structures such as temples and manor homes, walls slope inward to create an illusion of greater height. Windows are usually small because the walls are so heavy that large openings would make the structure weak and unstable. In the past, windows featured paper-covered wooden latticework, but nowadays almost universally use glass. 
World Heritage Site.
Standing at 117 meters in height and 360 meters in width, the Potala Palace, designated as a World Heritage Site in 1994 and extended to include the Norbulingka area in 2001, is considered a most important example of Tibetan architecture. Formerly the residence of the Dalai Lama, it is said to over a thousand rooms within its thirteen stories, used for both religious purposes and as the (former) seat of the Tibetan government and home of the Dalai Lama, who was Tibet's head of state until 1959. It is divided into the outer White Palace, which serves as the administrative quarters and living quarters of the Dalai Lama, and the inner Red Palace, which houses the Great West Hall, chapels, shrines, and Buddhist scriptures.
Traditional architecture.
Traditional Kham architecture is seen in most dwellings in Garzê Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture. Although the region has been previously heavily logged, wood is still harvested locally from remaining stands of forest and used for housing. Throughout the region, horizontal timber beams support the roof and are in turn supported by wooden columns. In some areas such as Dêgê County, Baiyü County, and Dawu County, Sichuan, wood is also used to make log-cabin style exterior walls. Home interiors are sometimes paneled with wood and cabinetry is ornately decorated. Ganzi is known for its beautiful wooden houses built in a range of styles and lavishly decorated with wooden ornamentation. Although various materials are used in the well-built houses, it is the skillful carpentry that is most striking. Farm houses in Kham are often very spacious although the first (ground) floor is usually used to house farm implements and animals, not for human habitation. Floors, ceilings, and room dividers are made of wood. Carpentry skills are passed down from master to apprentice. 
Traditional Tibetan building practices are threatened by the increasing use of concrete, which can be cheaper than natural materials and requires less skill. Traditional homes are regarded by some upwardly mobile Tibetans as backward, and towns and cities are increasingly dominated by apartment buildings. Earthquakes are also a threat to traditional Tibetan houses, which often contain insufficient horizontal ties to keep the columns and roof stable during a seismic event.
Religious architecture.
China's Cultural Revolution resulted in the deterioration or loss of Buddhist monasteries, both by intentional destruction or through lack of protection and maintenance. Starting in the 1980s, Tibetans began to restore or rebuild damaged temples and revive monastic traditions. 
Tashilhunpo Monastery shows the influence of Mongol architecture. Changzhug monastery is one of the oldest in Tibet, said to have been first built in the 7th century during the reign of King Songsten Gampo (605?-650 CE). Jokhang was also originally built under Songsten Gampo. Tsurphu Monastery was founded by the first Karmapa, Düsum Khyenpa (1110–1193) in 1159, after he visited the site and laid the foundation for an establishment of a seat there by making offerings to the local protectors, dharmapala and genius loci. In 1189 he revisited the site and founded his main seat there. The monastery grew to hold 1000 monks. Tsozong Gongba Monastery is a small shrine built around 14the century A.D. Palcho Monastery was founded in 1418 and known for its kumbum which has 108 chapels on its four floors. Chokorgyel Monastery, founded in 1509 by Gendun Gyatso, 2nd Dalai Lama once housed 500 monks but was completely destroyed during the Cultural Revolution. 
Ramoche Temple is an important temple in Lhasa. The original building complex was strongly influenced by Tang Dynasty architectural style as it was first built by Han Chinese architects in the middle of the 7th century. Princess Wencheng took charge of this project and ordered the temple be erected facing east to show her homesickness.
Monasteries such as the Kumbum Monastery continue to be affected by Chinese politics. Simbiling Monastery was completely flattened in 1967, although it has to some degree been restored. See List of Tibetan monasteries.

</doc>
<doc id="18407425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407425" title="Hinterland (video game)">
Hinterland (video game)

Hinterland is a high fantasy role-playing video game with city-building elements by Tilted Mill Entertainment. It was released on September 30, 2008 on the Steam content delivery system, and has since been made available at other digital distribution websites. Hinterland: Orc Lords, a cumulative expansion, was released to digital distribution and retail in March 2009. As the title suggests, the primary addition to the game was the ability to play as orc characters.
Overview.
During play, the goal is to establish and grow a village successfully in the wilderness of a fantasy kingdom, clearing out all nearby threats. Set in a world roughly based on the lore of both the Norse and the Celts, the game features characters and creatures of fantasy which inhabit the lands surrounding the village.
The player controls an adventurer acting as the leader of the settlement, required both to defend it from attacks and to provide funding for its expansion. While the player's profession is chosen from among a number that specializes in combat, city management, or resource gathering, other non-player characters with more menial professions also periodically visit the village. These peasants and tradesmen can be persuaded to settle in the village if their requirements are met and a home is constructed for them (at the player's expense). Once resident, they can either perform their designated job function (e.g., growing food or smithing weapons), or be conscripted to join the player on expeditions into the unknown.
From an adventuring perspective, the player (and up to three followers drafted from the village) must clear out small zones of enemy resistance in order to claim these for the kingdom. Each zone is populated by fewer than a dozen enemies, and is denoted with an icon indicating how difficult the zone is expected to be to conquer. Once a zone is cleared, the player gains access to any resources located within, and may also be rewarded with bonus treasure. The number of zones depends on the game length (size) selected when starting the game.
The primary challenge of the game is keeping the village safe while adventuring to find much needed resources for its expansion. Choices must also be made into how to spend funds, in terms of upgrading existing dwellings or adding new ones.
Development.
"Hinterland" draws inspiration from a variety of fantasy titles, including "Rogue" and Roguelikes, as well as numerous building and simulation games. According to the developers, the title attempts to address a missed opportunity within the role-playing genre where the player's actions have consequences for the other inhabitants of the game world. They note, "Hinterland gives depth and context to the RPG experience, by allowing you to do something more meaningful with the spoils from your RPG adventures. Rather than just re-invest in yourself, you build something much bigger than yourself, that 'other character' - your village and its people."
Reception.
Hinterland received an average of 69% out of 7 reviews at Game Rankings, while Metacritic gave it a score of 66 out of 100, based on 8 reviews. GameSpy rated "Hinterland" 3.5 out of 5 ("Good"), citing positives such as the low price, low time investment, and random map generation while deriding it for low-quality animation, simplistic city-building, and low amount of feedback from various in-game events. The IGN review praised the successful interweaving of the city management and adventuring aspects, while pointing out negatives including a clumsy interface and some minor technical problems. IGN concluded, "For $20 USD, it's a lot of game for your dollar", earning it a score of 7.2 out of 10 (Decent).

</doc>
<doc id="18407441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407441" title="Miss Nepal 2005">
Miss Nepal 2005

Dabur Vatika Miss Nepal 2005, 11th Miss Nepal pageant took place on Birendra International Conference Convention Centre in April 7, 2005, at the in Nepal. It was won by Sugarika KC, of Lalitpur. 
The show was broadcast live by Nepal Television but suffered from minor technical glitches. 
The Winner of Miss Nepal 2005, Sugarika KC, represented Nepal in the Miss World 2005 pageant in Sanya, China. The 1st runner up, Shavona Shrestha, represented Nepal in the Miss Earth 2005 and 2nd runner up Ayushma Pokharel represented Nepal at Miss Earth 2006 pageant in Manila, Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="18407442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407442" title="List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2003 (U.S.)">
List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2003 (U.S.)

This is a list of the U.S. "Billboard" magazine Top 40 Mainstream number-ones of 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18407443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407443" title="Maria Tarnowska">
Maria Tarnowska

Countess Maria Tarnowska (or "Tarnowskaya", "Tarnovska", etc.; 9 June 1877, Poltava, Russian Empire – 23 January 1949, Santa Fe, Argentina), born Maria Nikolaevna O'Rourke (Russian phonetical transcription: "Orurk"), was a Russian convict. She gained international notoriety by standing trial for plotting and instigating the murder of one of her lovers. Her 1910 trial in Venice and subsequent conviction attracted media attention from both sides of the Atlantic and became the subject of various books (Annie Chartres Vivanti, Hans Habe, etc.). Luchino Visconti and Michelangelo Antonioni worked on a treatment for a film to be called "Il processo di Maria Tarkowska" ("The Trial of Maria Tarkowska"), which was never made.
After marrying the Russian aristocrat Wassily Tarnowski at the age of seventeen and giving birth to a son (Tioka, b. 1895) and a daughter (Tatyana, b. 1896), she became romantically involved with several other men. She was also known to abuse narcotic drugs (morphine).
In 1907 in Venice, one of Tarnowska's lovers, Nicholas Naumov (also spelled Naumoff), killed another one of her lovers, Count Pavel Kamarovsky, allegedly upon her instigation. The Countess Tarnowska, as she was commonly called, was arrested that same year in Vienna and transferred to La Giudecca penitentiary in Venice, where the trial was to be held.
The trial, locally called "the Russian affair" ("il caso russo"), began on 14 March 1910 and ended on 20 May of the same year, with the conviction of both defendants. Maria Tarnowska was found guilty but was sentenced to serve a relatively mild term of only eight years in prison, thanks to an ingenious defence (it was one of the first to include Freudian analysis of the defendant's personality and motives) – and, possibly, due to the leniency of the presiding judge.
She was transferred to the penitentiary at Trani (southern Italy), and released in 1915.
Accounts of Tarnowska's life after her release are sketchy at best. She is known to have emigrated to America shortly after her release, in the company of a U.S. diplomat, possibly under the assumed name of "Nicole Roush". In 1916 she was living in Buenos Aires with a new lover, the Frenchman Alfred de Villemer, and calling herself "Madame de Villemer". There are accounts of her running a store selling silk and other finery.
Alfred de Villemer died in 1940; the same year also saw the death of her husband, Count Wassily Tarnowski. Maria Tarnowska herself died on 23 January 1949. Her body was transported back to the Ukraine (then the USSR) where she was laid to rest in her family tomb.

</doc>
<doc id="18407482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407482" title="WHSX">
WHSX

WHSX (99.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Edmonton, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Bowling Green area. The station is currently owned by Hart County Communications, Inc..
History.
The station went on the air as WSRG on 1989-09-29. on 1990-01-30, the station changed its call sign to WKNK, on 2005-09-01 to the current WHSX, 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18407485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407485" title="Democratic and liberal support for John McCain in 2008">
Democratic and liberal support for John McCain in 2008

Senator John McCain, the Republican Party nominee, was endorsed or supported by some members of the Democratic Party and by some political figures holding liberal views in the 2008 United States Presidential Election. McCain Democrat and McCainocrat are terms applied to Democrats who supported McCain.
Democratic and liberal supporters of McCain included some elected officials, retired elected officials, journalists, and some supporters of Hillary Clinton's unsuccessful primary campaign. According to exit polls on Election Day, 10% of those who identified themselves as Democrats voted for John McCain, approximately the same percentage of Democrats' votes that George W. Bush won in 2004.
History of the term "McCain Democrat".
The term "McCain Democrat" first appeared during McCain's 2000 primary campaign. McCain garnered attention for reportedly having cross-party appeal. In Texas, Charles Gandy explicitly ran for the Senate as a "McCain Democrat."
Joe Lieberman.
The most well-known Democratic Party member to support McCain was Senator Joe Lieberman, who had run for vice-president as a Democrat in 2000. On December 17, 2007, Lieberman endorsed McCain, contradicting his stance in July 2006 where he stated, "I want Democrats to be back in the majority in Washington and elect a Democratic president in 2008." Lieberman cited his agreement with McCain's stance on the War on Terrorism as the primary reason for the endorsement.
On June 5, Lieberman launched "Citizens for McCain," hosted on the McCain campaign website, to recruit Democratic support for John McCain's candidacy. He emphasized the group's outreach to supporters of Hillary Clinton, who was at that time broadly expected to lose the Democratic Presidential nomination to Barack Obama.
Citizens for McCain was prominently featured in McCain team efforts to attract disgruntled Hillary Clinton supporters such as Debra Bartoshevich. 
Lieberman spoke at the 2008 Republican National Convention on behalf of McCain and his running mate, Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. Lieberman was alongside McCain and Senator Lindsey Graham during a visit to French president Nicolas Sarkozy on March 21, 2008 
Republican Vice President Talk.
Lieberman was mentioned as a possible Vice Presidential nominee on a McCain ticket, ABC News reported that Lieberman was McCain's first choice for Vice President until several days before the selection, when McCain had decided that picking Lieberman would alienate the conservative base of the Republican Party, due to his left-of-center positions on social issues. Lieberman had been mentioned as a possible Secretary of State under a McCain administration.
Fallout and support from Barack Obama.
Many Democrats wanted Lieberman to be stripped of his chairmanship of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs due to his support for John McCain. Republican Minority Leader Mitch McConnell reached out to Lieberman, asking him to caucus with the Republicans. Ultimately, the Senate Democratic Caucus voted 42 to 13 to allow Lieberman to keep chairmanship (although he did lose his membership for the Environment and Public Works Committee). Subsequently, Lieberman announced that he will continue to caucus with the Democrats. Lieberman credited President-elect Barack Obama for helping him keep his chairmanship. Obama had privately urged Democratic Senate majority Leader Harry Reid not to remove Lieberman from his position. Reid stated that Lieberman's criticism of Obama during the election angered him, but that "if you look at the problems we face as a nation, is this a time we walk out of here saying, 'Boy did we get even'?" Senator Tom Carper of Delaware also credited the Democrats' decision on Lieberman to Obama's support, stating that "If Barack can move on, so can we."
McCain campaign efforts to recruit Democratic support.
The case of Debra Bartoshevich, a 41-year-old emergency room nurse from Wisconsin who was featured in McCain's national television ads, is an example of McCain team efforts to recruit high-profile Democrats and supporters of Hillary Clinton. In the ad, Bartoshevich declares herself "a proud Hillary Clinton Democrat" who will vote for John McCain, rather than Barack Obama, in the 2008 presidential election.
Bartoshevich's support for McCain made national news because she was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention, one of four people from Racine County, Wisconsin selected by a local Democratic caucus. The Racine, Wisconsin "Journal Time" quotes her, "in a speech before the votes were cast" telling other delegates "I support her because of her universal health care plan...I see the devastating consequences of diseases on the uninsured."
Bartoshevich can be seen on YouTube telling a television interviewer that she was contacted by the McCain campaign "approximately three minutes" after Hillary Clinton's June 5 speech suspending her campaign for the presidency.
On Friday, June 13, the Milwaukee, Wisconsin Journal Sentinel's website reported Bartoshevich's public affiliation with the McCain campaign. She told the Journal Sentinel that her sister had "encouraged" her to sign up as a supporter with “Citizens for McCain,” an arm of the campaign targeting Democrats and independents. Bartoshevich added that it was the McCain campaign, not she herself, who then notified a reporter. In a later statement to Wisconsin Democratic Party leaders, however, Bartoshevich claimed that it was in fact her sister, who was working for Citizens for McCain, who had put her name onto the McCain campaign website.
McCain himself traveled to Racine in July, where he met with Bartoshevich before introducing her and her family to a campaign gathering of about 1,000 people. On August 25, the new ad (called "Debra") was launched. A second McCain ad launched the same day (called "Passed Over") also urged Hillary Clinton's followers to switch allegiance to McCain.
Also on August 25, Bartoshevich was made the central figure of a press conference sponsored by the Republican National Committee and hosted by Carly Fiorina. Bartoshevich, who is pro-choice, was asked about McCain's views on "Roe v. Wade". She responded by saying, "Going back to 1999, John McCain did an interview with the San Francisco Chronicle saying that overturning "Roe v. Wade" would not make any sense, because then women would have to have illegal abortions". This raised questions, because McCain's position was that "Roe v. Wade" should be overturned. In the presidential debate held on October 15, McCain reiterated this point.
Conservative Democratic voters and Hillary Clinton supporters.
The Gallup Poll indicates McCain's support among Democrats calling themselves "conservative" by party standards has varied from a low of 15% to a high of 26% according to Gallup.
During the campaign, there was significant media discussion of Democratic Hillary Clinton voters backing McCain, in particular members of People United Means Action (also known as PUMA, originally standing for "Party Unity My Ass," and also knowns as "Just Stay No Deal") and those sympathetic to it. After Clinton's June 8 concession, 40% of Clinton supporters described themselves as dissatisfied and 7% described themselves as angry; 25% said they would support McCain in November.
Polling data.
According to Gallup Polls from June 9 to August 17 McCain's cross-party support fluctuated between 10% and 13%. In the poll for August 18 to August 24 support for McCain among Democrats peaked at 14%. From October 13 to October 19 polls showed McCain's support among Democrats to be 7%, which was the lowest thus far. The CNN exit polls placed his Democratic support at 10% with the same percentage for liberal support. These results may not represent the general voters due to early voting.
According to exit polls on Election Day, McCain won the votes of only 10% of Democrats nationwide, the same percentage of Democrats' votes that George W. Bush won in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18407502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407502" title="XTC (Elgar)">
XTC (Elgar)

”XTC” is a song with words and music written by the English composer Edward Elgar in 1930. It was his last song.
Elgar's sketches for the accompanying music were written separately from the words. At the end of the sketches he wrote ""Fine del songs November 11th 1930"".
The song was pieced together by the pianist-musicologist David Owen Norris from sketches he found at the composer's birthplace. 
The first performance was on the 150th anniversary of the composer's birth, 2 June 2007, at the Royal Academy of Music in London, sung by soprano Amanda Pitt, accompanied by David Owen Norris.

</doc>
<doc id="18407507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407507" title="WHVE">
WHVE

WHVE (92.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Russell Springs, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Shoreline Communications, Inc and features programing from CNN Radio.
History.
The station went on the air as WQEG on 1991-11-20. on 1991-12-13, the station changed its call sign to WQEG, on 1992-11-13 to WTCO-FM, on 1995-07-01 to the current WHVE,
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18407524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407524" title="Miss Nepal 2004">
Miss Nepal 2004

Dabur Vatika Miss Nepal 2004, the 10th Miss Nepal pageant was held at the Birendra International Convention Centre (BICC). There were protests by feminist activists.
Payal Shakya was crowned Miss Nepal 2004 on August 7, 2004 at Birendra International Convention Center. Sarah Gurung and Anita Gurung won the titles of 1st Runner up and 2nd Runner up, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18407525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407525" title="Boole (disambiguation)">
Boole (disambiguation)

Boole may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18407535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407535" title="WHVO">
WHVO

WHVO (1480 AM) and WKDZ (1110 AM) are a pair radio stations simulcasting an Oldies format. Licensed to Hopkinsville, Kentucky, USA, WHVO serves the Clarksville-Hopkinsville area. The stations are currently owned by Ham Broadcasting Co., Inc. and features news programing from Fox News Radio.
History.
WHVO was assigned the call letters WYKH on 1986-04-01. On 1987-12-14, the station changed its call sign to WQKS and again on 2000-05-16 to the current WHVO.
WKDZ signed on the air April 8, 1966. The first music played on the station was the Star-Spangled Banner by the Trigg County High School band. The first song played was "These Boots Were Made for Walking" by Nancy Sinatra.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18407539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407539" title="Carpobrotus glaucescens">
Carpobrotus glaucescens

Pigface (Carpobrotus glaucescens) is a species of flowering plant in the ice plant family. It is a succulent coastal groundcover native to temperate eastern Australia.
Succulent leaves are 3.5–10 cm long and 9–15 mm wide, straight or slightly curved. Flowers are 3.2-6 cm wide, and light purple. The fruit is 2–3 cm long, 1.6–2.4 cm wide, red to purple.
Uses.
The fruit pulp is edible, with a flavor like salty strawberry or kiwifruit. The skin is discarded. The leaves are also edible cooked, and can be used as a preserved pickles. Fruit of the plant can also be made into a toffee or jam.

</doc>
<doc id="18407542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407542" title="WIDS (AM)">
WIDS (AM)

WIDS (570 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Gospel Music format. Licensed to Russell Springs, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Hammond Broadcasting, Inc..
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18407548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407548" title="WIEL">
WIEL

WIEL (1400 AM) is a radio station licensed to Elizabethtown, Kentucky, USA. The station is owned by Elizabethtown Cbc, Inc. and features programing from ESPN Radio, Motor Racing Network and Westwood One.

</doc>
<doc id="18407556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407556" title="Ronald J. Allen">
Ronald J. Allen

Ronald J. Allen is an American lawyer and the John Henry Wigmore Professor of Law at Northwestern University.
Education.
Allen completed his B.S. in 1970 from Marshall University in Huntington, West Virginia. He then received his J.D. in 1973 from the University of Michigan Law School. 
Career.
He taught law at institutes such as the University of Nebraska and State University of New York at Buffalo in the 1970s. He became Professor of Law at Northwestern University in 1984. Since 1992, he has been the John Henry Wigmore Professor of Law at Northwestern University.
Allen is considered as one of the world’s most distinguished scholars in the fields of evidence and procedure. His work has been critically important to the efforts to reform the legal system of the People’s Republic of China. For several years, he has been responsible for hosting and supervising the study and research of Chinese law faculty and students at Northwestern University. 
Honors and awards.
In 2007, Allen was designated as a Yangtze River Scholar, the highest academic honor given by the People’s Republic of China. He became only the fourth American to receive this award, and the first law professor, domestic or foreign, to be so honored.

</doc>
<doc id="18407559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407559" title="WIFX-FM">
WIFX-FM

WIFX is an Hot Adult Contemporary formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Jenkins, Kentucky, serving Southeastern Kentucky and Southwestern Virginia. WIFX is owned and operated by Gearhart Communications.
History.
The station went on the air as WREM-FM on August 5, 1980. On November 23, 1981, the station changed its call sign to the current WIFX. 
In May 2013, the station launched "Foxy and Friends", a local morning show to replace John Boy and Billy, which was moved to a sister station.

</doc>
<doc id="18407562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407562" title="List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2004 (U.S.)">
List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2004 (U.S.)

This is a list of the U.S. "Billboard" magazine Top 40 Mainstream number-ones of 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18407564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407564" title="WIKI (FM)">
WIKI (FM)

WIKI (95.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country format. Licensed to Carrollton, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Wagon Wheel Broadcasting, LLC.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18407572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407572" title="WIMM-LP">
WIMM-LP

WIMM-LP (107.9 FM) is a Catholic Religious radio station licensed to Owensboro, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Trinity Educational Radio Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18407583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407583" title="Alfred P. Byrne">
Alfred P. Byrne

Alfred Patrick Byrne (1913 – 26 July 1952) was an Irish politician. A clerk by profession, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as an independent Teachta Dála (TD) for Dublin North–West at the 1937 general election. He was re-elected at the 1938 and 1943 general elections but lost his seat at the 1944 general election. He re-gained his seat at the 1948 general election and was re-elected at the 1951 general election. He died in 1952 and the subsequent by-election on 12 November 1952 was won by his brother Thomas Byrne.
His father Alfred Byrne was an MP, TD, Senator and Lord Mayor of Dublin. Another brother Patrick Byrne was also a TD.

</doc>
<doc id="18407585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407585" title="Laboratorio 1">
Laboratorio 1

Laboratorio 1 is the fifth compilation album by Italian DJ Gigi D'Agostino, released in September 2004 through NoiseMaker / Media Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18407592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407592" title="Arthur Wong">
Arthur Wong

Arthur Wong Ngok-Tai () is a nine time Hong Kong Film Awards-winning cinematographer, actor, screenwriter, film producer and film director.
Career.
As a cinematographer, Wong was inspired by his father, who was, himself, a renowned cinematographer of the 1950s and the 1960s in Hong Kong. Arthur is in the board of directors for the Hong Kong Film Awards Association, Vice Chairman of the Federation of Hong Kong Filmmakers, founder and Honorary Chairman of HKSC (Hong Kong Society of Cinematographers) and Honorary Advisor (Film And Television) to the Vocational Training Council of Hong Kong.
Arthur Wong is known for uses of simultaneous multi-camera filming, the first to film in High Definition in Asia, and holds a record of the only person winning 3 consecutive years in the Hong Kong Film Awards, twice.
Wong started his career in 1976 and participated in more than 130 movies as a cinematographer, some of which were directed by the likes of John Woo, Ringo Lam, Sammo Hung, Jackie Chan, Yuen Woo-Ping, Ann Hui, Clara Law, Peter Chan, and Tsui Hark.
Filmography.
Awards and Nominations.
Arthur is the only person winning a "double triple", awarded best cinematography for 3 consecutive years twice in the Hong Kong Film Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18407593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407593" title="212th Fires Brigade (United States)">
212th Fires Brigade (United States)

The 212th Fires Brigade is an artillery brigade in the United States Army. It is currently based in Fort Bliss Texas. It is a subordinate unit of III Corps.
History.
The 212th Fires Brigade formerly known as 212th Field Artillery Brigade was organized as Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 212th Artillery Group and was constituted on 3 February 1944. Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 212th Field Artillery Group was organized and activated on 20 April 1944 at Fort Riley, KS, and was assigned to XVI Corps. The group consisted of four truck driven 105mm howitzers and 81 enlisted men. In July 1944, the group was assigned to XXXVI Corps. The group headquarters prepared for duty in Europe while the battalions were reassigned to the United States in November 1944. 
Assigned to and controlled by XXVI Corps during the remainder of WWII, the group participated in the Central European Campaign with the 9th Infantry Division in the general vicinity of Aachen in northern Germany. On 20 April 1946, the group was inactivated in Germany. The group was reconstituted on 17 September 1958 and allotted to the Regular Army. The same order activated the group on 15 October 1958 in Germany; the 212th FA Group was then further assigned to Seventh Army, and attached to V Corps. In the fall of 1967, the group was designed to redeploy to CONUS under project REFORGER. On 9 April 1968, the group departed Germany for its new home at Fort Lewis, WA. 
In August 1972, the group headquarters and three of its battalion (2-17th FA, 2-18th FA, & 3-18th FA) relocated to Fort Sill. In June 1973, 1-30th FA was reorganized and assigned to the group. In mid-1976, 2-18th FA deployed to Germany. On 1 October 1976, the 1-30th FA was returned to VII Corps, USAREUR. Later that month, 2-18th FA returned to the group. 
On 16 July 1980, the 212th Field Artillery Group was redesignated the 212th Field Artillery Brigade. In September 1980, the 212th Field Artillery Brigade became the first TACFIRE-equipped brigade in the Army. In September 1990, the brigade deployed to Saudi Arabia, and participated in Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm.
In 2003, 2-5 FA and 2-18 FA deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. In 12 April 2003, 2-5 FA, 212th FA BDE, deployed with the 3d Armored Cavalry Regiment (ACR) in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF I). Upon arriving in theatre, 2-5 FA quickly postured itself to perform as the regiment's direct support (DS) artillery battalion but ultimately assumed responsibilities as another ground maneuver unit. As a ground maneuver unit, 2-5 FA was responsible for an area of operations (AO) that exceeded 6,500 square kilometers within the Al Anbar Province. 2-5 FA priorities shifted to include providing security and re-establishing national operations in Iraq, serving as a maneuver force, conducting humanitarian assistance (HA) operations and training Iraqi Civil Defense Corps (ICDC) forces. 2-5 FA conducted combat patrols, manned traffic control points (TCPs) and conducted raids to defeat those militant forces seeking to destabilize the towns and cities within 2-5 FA's AO. 2-5 FA shot more than 1,000 rounds in support of the 3d ACR and battalion operations. 2-5 FA redeployed to back Fort Sill, rejoining 212th FA BDE in March 2004. 
On 5 September 2005, the Brigade HQs, augmented by 2-5, 6-27, and 6-32 FA HQs, deployed to Iraq during Operation Iraqi Freedom 05-07 as the unit fill for the Joint Area Support Group-Central (JASG-C) in the International Zone, Baghdad, Iraq. 2-5 FA deployed as three PLS Truck Batteries. 6–32 FA (MLRS), 212th FA BDE served as a Heavy Equipment Transport System (HETS) Company. HHS, Alpha, Bravo, and Charlie Batteries were reorganized into four HET platoons, along with the Maintenance PLT and HQ Sections. Once they arrived in Iraq, HHS, Alpha, and Charlie 6–32 FA operated out of Camp Taji, while Bravo, 6–32 FA operated out of Al Asad Air Base in the Al Anbar Province. The Brigade's units returned to Ft. Sill, OK in November 2006. 2-18 FA remained "Mission Ready" as part of the nation's strategic hedge for contingency operations. The 212th Field Artillery Brigade received the Meritorious Unit Citation for its deployment in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
In November 2005 6–32 FA deployed to Iraq as a Heavy Equipment Transport System (HETS) Company. HHS, Alpha, Charlie, and Bravo batteries were reorganized into four HET platoons, along with the Maintenance PLT and HQ Sections. Once they arrived in Iraq, HHS, Alpha, and Charlie 6–32 FA deployed to Camp Taji, while Bravo 6–32 FA deployed to Al Asad Air Base in the Al Anbar province. They were deployed for one year, bringing the unit back to their home at Ft. Sill, OK in November 2006. The unit disbanded shortly thereafter, and the colors were cased in 2007.
The 212th Field Artillery Brigade cased its colors on 15 January 2007 at Fort Sill Oklahoma. Upon casing, 2-5 FA was reassigned to 214th Fires Brigade while 2-18th FA was reassigned to 75th Fires Brigade. 
The 212th Field Artillery Brigade was reactivated as the 212th Fires Brigade (FiB) on 15 August 2011 at Fort Bliss, Texas. The 212th Fires Brigade is composed of a Headquarters Battery, the 72nd Brigade Support Battalion, B-26 (Target Acquisition), and 1st Battalion, 92nd Field Artillery Regiment (Provisional). The Brigade's 208th Signal Company will activate on 16 October 2011. Two additional Fires Battalions are projected to join the 212th Fires Brigade in 2012.
Lineage.
Constituted 3 February 1944 in the Army of the United States as Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 212th Field Artillery Group
Redesignated 17 September 1958 as Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 212th Artillery Group, and allotted to the Regular Army
Redesignated 15 March 1972 as Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 212th Field Artillery Group
Redesignated 16 January 2010 as Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 212th Fires Brigade

</doc>
<doc id="18407600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407600" title="San Marino national under-21 football team">
San Marino national under-21 football team

The San Marino national under-21 football team represents the under-21s of San Marino in the UEFA U-21 Championship, and is controlled by the San Marino Football Federation (FSGC, ), the governing body of football of the state.
San Marino national under-21 football team competed for the first time in the qualifications for the 1990 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship. Since then they missed two qualifying tournaments (2000 and 2002). Until 2015 qualifying they won only two matches, both by forfeit. In the 2004 qualifying they lost 6–0 to Sweden but UEFA later awarded the match as a 3–0 forfeit win to San Marino due to Sweden including suspended players in their squad. In the preliminary round of the 2007 qualifying they lost 2–1 to Armenia but UEFA also awarded the match as a 3–0 forfeit win for San Marino. In June 2012, they held Greece to a goalless draw in the 2013 qualifying. On 6 September 2013, San Marino recorded their first competitive win 1–0 over Wales at Stadio Olimpico in the 2015 qualifying. This was also the first competitive victory of any San Marino national team since a 2–1 under-17 victory against Andorra in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18407628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407628" title="Love in the Hills">
Love in the Hills

Love in the Hills is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18407635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407635" title="The Sad Machina">
The Sad Machina

The Sad Machina is an album released by Mechanical Moth in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18407643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407643" title="List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2005 (U.S.)">
List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2005 (U.S.)

This is a list of the U.S. "Billboard" magazine Top 40 Mainstream number-ones of 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18407663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407663" title="Frank Langley">
Frank Langley

Francis "Frank" Ernest Langley (born 13 October 1882) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the early 1900s.
Langley was educated at Caulfield Grammar School,and at Trinity College (University of Melbourne).
Langley could play many roles on the field but was primarily a hard running defender who on occasions was used on the ball. He was often rested up forward and his 17 goals in 1901 was enough to top Melbourne's goal kicking. The previous season he had been on the half forward flank in their premiership side. In 1903 and 1904 he was good enough to represent Victoria at interstate football and in 1905 captained Melbourne for the year, with the club finishing last.

</doc>
<doc id="18407667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407667" title="Rent guarantee insurance">
Rent guarantee insurance

Rent guarantee is a form of insurance where, for a relatively small annual fee, landlords can protect against loss of rent. Normally, 'Landlord Rent Guarantee Insurance' is combined with 'Legal Assistance Insurance' whereby a landlord's legal costs of recovering rent and/or evicting a non-paying tenant are covered.
According to Bagrat Bayburtian, Vice President of Product Solutions for CoreLogic, there are approximately 2.2 million landlord-tenant court cases filed every year (this does not include those disputes that were negotiated by the landlord and tenant outside of court). With an estimated 40 million rental units across the United States, that means 5.5% of all rental units in the U.S. go through a landlord-tenant court action every year.
Generally, the insurance payout starts only after one month. It is usually a condition of such policies that landlords ensure their tenants are professionally credit-checked before handing over keys. This product was traditionally offered in the UK and has now expanded to the USA with players such as Lloyd's of London backing companies for the last 3 years.
Rent guarantee is a very useful form of insurance, particularly where landlords let their property without a letting agent, as the necessary checks involved actually tend to deter rogue tenants who would otherwise gravitate towards properties being let privately.
All companies underwriting such policies in the United Kingdom must be registered by the Financial Services Authority.
Rent Guarantee insurance is different from a Guaranteed Rent scheme, which is a service that manages a residential property in return for a fixed portion of the rent. The owner is paid his share, even if the property is empty or tenants default on the rent: in that sense, it functions as a form of insurance.
There are many companies that underwrite this product, in Australia, Suncorp, CGU, Allianz and ACE Insurance are all key players including also QBE who have recently expanded their reach into the United States where they have established Aon Rent Protect with Aon Risk Services

</doc>
<doc id="18407674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407674" title="Charles Harper (mayor)">
Charles Harper (mayor)

Charles Harper (c.1875–1954) was a Western Australian businessman and mayor of two local governments. Harper was a Councillor from the Victoria Park Road Board from 1905 and served as Mayor from 1909 to 1917 when the road district was amalgamated into the City of Perth. From 1937 to 1939 he served as Lord Mayor of Perth.
He came to Perth from Melbourne and 1895, and later established a business, Charles Harper and Co., situated in Cremorne Arcade between Hay Street and Murray Street in the city. The company were importers of musical instruments including pianos and organs.
Harper died in 1954.
Harper Street in Burswood (now in the Town of Victoria Park) was named after him. 

</doc>
<doc id="18407692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407692" title="Limestone, Illinois">
Limestone, Illinois

Limestone is a village in Limestone Township, Kankakee County, Illinois (USA). It was incorporated in 2006 and had an estimated population of 1,598 at the 2010 census.
The village is part of the Kankakee–Bradley Metropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Kankakee County.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the village has a total area of , all land.
Demographics.
In 2010, Limestone had a population of 1,598. The population was 94.8% non-Hispanic white, 0.5% black, 0.6% Asian, 0.1% non-Hispanic of some other race, 1.6% from two or more races and 2.9% Hispanic or Latino.

</doc>
<doc id="18407693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407693" title="214th Fires Brigade (United States)">
214th Fires Brigade (United States)

The 214th Fires Brigade is an artillery brigade in the United States Army. It is currently based in Fort Sill Oklahoma and supports the 4th Infantry Division located at Fort Carson, Colorado. The 214th Fires Brigade is currently composed of:
A tactical unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) battery will be added to the Brigade in the future.
Lineage.
Constituted 3 February 1944 in the Army of the United States as Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 214th Field Artillery Group

</doc>
<doc id="18407699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407699" title="Through Darkened Vales">
Through Darkened Vales

Through Darkened Vales is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18407706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407706" title="List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2006 (U.S.)">
List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2006 (U.S.)

This is a list of the U.S. "Billboard" magazine Top 40 Mainstream number-ones of 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18407720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407720" title="Pannaulika">
Pannaulika

Pannaulika triassica is a prehistoric plant species assigned to a small, incomplete leaf and two "flowers". 
It was found in Carnian rock. The incomplete, dicot-like leaf fragment, measuring 32 mm in length, has a vein structure which suggests the plant to be an angiosperm, but it also shares some characteristics with ferns. Possibly, this means that primitive angiosperms from the Jurassic period evolved in tropic highlands. Plants in this type of environment rarely fossilize, but their seeds can be carried beyond the species' natural range of distribution. This theory suggests that angiosperms only managed to spread in subtropic lowlands, where they have been found in Early Cretaceous rock.

</doc>
<doc id="18407724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407724" title="Lake Ka-ho, Illinois">
Lake Ka-ho, Illinois

Lake Ka-ho is a village in Cahokia Township, Macoupin County, Illinois (USA). It was incorporated in 2000 and had an estimated population of 246 in 2007.
The village is part of the St. Louis, MO–IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="18407734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407734" title="Need One">
Need One

"Need One" is a song by British singer Martina Topley-Bird, released as the first single from the album "Quixotic". It was released on 2 June 2003 and reached #76 on the UK Singles Chart. There was a music video shot for this song.
Track listings.
Promotional releases.
The promo CD-R is mistakenly called "New Mix", but in fact it features the same radio edit and album version as on the later releases.

</doc>
<doc id="18407737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407737" title="Sayyid Badr bin Saud al Busaidi">
Sayyid Badr bin Saud al Busaidi

Sayyid Badr bin Saud al Busaidi () is an Omani politician, currently Minister Responsible For Defence. 

</doc>
<doc id="18407738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407738" title="FS Class D.443">
FS Class D.443

The FS Class D.443 is a class of diesel-electric locomotive used in Italy, introduced in the late 1960s and still in service.
History.
D.443 was ordered by the Italian state railways, Ferrovie dello Stato (FS), at the same time than the D.343, but requiring generally higher performances and multi-role capabilities. The two types shared the same hull and the single-motored bogies, which had been designed by FS. 30 units were to be built by FIAT, the remaining 20 by Breda. The D.443 were mainly to replace the old steam locomotives which were used for heavy freight trains on light, not-electrified lines.
Description.
D.443 has one cab at each end, separated by two compartments including the engine-transmission pack and, in the other, the cooling devices. The two engine were both V-12 piston with of power, coupled to a DC 640/1080 V generator provided by Ansaldo. The two electric motors, designed by Breda, had a continuous power output of .

</doc>
<doc id="18407754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407754" title="Metropolis (Auckland building)">
Metropolis (Auckland building)

Metropolis is a 40-storey residential / hotel skyscraper in the Auckland CBD of Auckland, New Zealand, developed in 1999 by Krukziener Properties. Commended for its style and quality, the NZ$180 million cost of its construction also led to major financial fallout. Metropolis is considered one of Auckland's most exclusive apartment buildings, and as of 2013 it is the tallest residential building in New Zealand.
On 11 December, 2013, Alain Robert climbed the building as part of a promotion for the Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch.

</doc>
<doc id="18407765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407765" title="The Miser's Heart">
The Miser's Heart

"The Miser's Heart" is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. The film was shot in Fort Lee, New Jersey where early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based at the beginning of the 20th century. A print of the film survives.

</doc>
<doc id="18407774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407774" title="Plattville, Illinois">
Plattville, Illinois

Plattville is a village in Lisbon Township, Kendall County, Illinois, United States. The village was first formed in 1860 and was named after founder Daniel Platt, who first built a home there in 1834 on the Frink and Walker stagecoach route between Chicago and Ottawa, Illinois.
Plattville was officially incorporated in March 2006 and had an estimated population of 245 in 2007. Plattville's first mayor was George "Jerry" Friel, who died in 2009. He was instrumental in his role in incorporating the village of Plattville in the mid-2000s, and spent some of his own money to file the town's incorporation papers.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the village has a total area of , all land. The village is part of the Chicago metropolitan area. Yorkville lies to the north, Joliet lies to the east, and Lisbon lies to the southwest.

</doc>
<doc id="18407798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407798" title="25th Anniversary Album">
25th Anniversary Album


</doc>
<doc id="18407812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407812" title="75th Fires Brigade (United States)">
75th Fires Brigade (United States)

The 75th Fires Brigade is an artillery brigade in the United States Army. It is currently based in Fort Sill, Oklahoma and supports the 1st Infantry Division at Fort Riley, Kansas.
The brigade is officially tasked to train and prepares for combat; on orders deploys to any area of operations to plan, synchronize and execute combined, and joint fires and effects. Integrate attached ground and air maneuver forces and on order function as a maneuver headquarters in support of full spectrum operations.
History.
Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 75th Field Artillery Brigade was originally formed within the Organized Reserves as the 509th Coast Artillery (Antiaircraft) on 21 July 1921, at Seattle, Washington. It was inactivated on 1 October 1933 at Seattle, Washington and allotted to the Regular Army. On 1 July 1940, it was activated and re-designated as the 75th Coastal Artillery (Antiaircraft) at Fort Lewis, Washington.
On December 7, 1941, the 75th FA Brigade comprised:
After reorganization on 20 February 1944, the unit became Headquarters and Headquarters Battery, 75th Antiaircraft Artillery Group. The unit was then inactivated 12 December 1944 at Camp Howze, Texas. Re-designated 10 January 1967 as Headquarters and Headquarter Battery, 75th Artillery Group. It was activated 1 February 1967 at Fort Irwin, California. The unit was re-designated 15 March 1972 as Headquarters and Headquarter Battery, 75th Artillery Group. Finally it was re-designated 16 March 1981 as Headquarter Battery, 75th Field Artillery Brigade. 
The 75th Field Artillery Brigade deployed to Saudi Arabia in September 1990. The Brigade was task organized under XVIII Airborne Corps Artillery in support of defensive operations during Operation Desert Shield. In January 1991, the Brigade was task organized under VII Corps Artillery in support of offensive operations. The 75th Field Artillery Brigade supported both VII Corps main efforts providing fires for 1st Infantry Division (Mech) during their breaching operation and while supporting the 1st Armored Division, helped deliver the Knock Out Punch by destroying elements of the Republican Guard Force. The brigade is credited with firing the first artillery rounds for VII Corps, firing the first Army Tactical Missile (ATACMS), having the first National Guard unit to fire during Desert Storm, and firing 278 missions with 7,123 rounds/rockets. Receiving no casualties, the 75th Brigade re-deployed back to Fort Sill in April 1991.
During Operation Iraqi Freedom I, the Brigade’s units served well. HHB, 75th Field Artillery Brigade again proved their versatility when in February 2003, deployed as the Army's first ever Exploitation Task Force. The HHB was task organized under CFLCC and searched for Weapons of Mass Destruction during Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. HHB, 75th Brigade returned successfully with no casualties from Operation Iraqi Freedom in June 2003.
6–27th Field Artillery Battalion organized under the 4th Infantry Division, deployed to Operation Iraqi Freedom in April 2003. 6–27th Field Artillery was then subsequently reassigned under 17th Field Artillery Brigade in support of Task Force Bullet II where the unit began missions of hauling captured enemy ammunition. In 8 months of deployment, 6–27 FA traversed over 13,000 miles hauling in excess of 1.3 million pounds of captured enemy ammunition. 6–27 redeployed from the Central Command area of responsibility in November 2003.
1–17th Field Artillery Battalion organized under 4th Infantry Division and fired in direct support of the Division’s Cavalry Squadron, 1–10 CAV. 1–17 supported 1–10 CAV from the crossing of the berm until the culmination of major combat operations. 1–17 was then organized under 2nd Brigade, 4th ID, and assigned an area of operations along the Iranian border where it served in training the Iraqi Border Police, Iraqi National Guard, and standing up of three city governments. 1–17 redeployed from OIF in March 2004. The unit also deployed 2010-2011 in support of OEF.
1–77th Field Artillery Battalion served as III (US) CORPS strategic hedge, standing ready to deploy to any major contingency operations that may have arisen. In May 2004, 1–77 deployed to Fort Lewis, Washington where it served in evaluating ROTC Cadets in their summer training. They returned to Fort Sill in August 2004.
On 5 November 2004, HHB (-), 75th Field Artillery Brigade deployed to Baghdad, Iraq in order to serve as the 75th Force Field Artillery Headquarters attached to the 1st Cavalry Division (CD) in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF) II. The Brigade mission was to quickly deploy, conduct RSOI, force protection, and establish Command and Control (C2) of 1st CD’s counter-fire operations. The 75th Brigade provided C2, intelligence planning, fire control, and the integration of lethal and non-lethal effects to maximize intelligence based counter mortar/rocket operations.
In September 2006, the 75th Field Artillery Brigade was re-organized and renamed the 75th Fires Brigade. Today, the 75th Fires Brigade continues the mission of being a deployable, combat brigade, prepared to support any contingency in support of the Global War On Terror. The reorganization of the Brigade established 2-18FAR (Mission Ready!) as the organic Fires battalion and established the 100th Brigade Support Battalion (Diamond Support), and C/26 TAB (Diamondbacks) as the other organic units associated with the Brigade. 3-13FAR (Red Dragons) and 1-17FAR (Copperheads) are assigned to the Brigade as the additional Fires battalions. Today, the 75th Fires Brigade stands as one of the most powerful brigades in the United States Army, able to execute two level maintenance, provide C2 and assets for the counter-fire fight, conduct long range communications, reinforce the close fight, and provide long range artillery fires with one M109A6 Paladin and two M270A1 Multiple Launch Rocket System Fires battalions. 
The Brigade is credited with campaign participation in the Asiatic-Pacific Theater during World War II, the defense of Saudi Arabia, the liberation and defense of Kuwait during Operation Desert Shield / Storm, and Operation Iraqi Freedom II.
Composition.
The 75th Fires Brigade is currently composed of the following units. All the units are located at Fort Sill.
1-17 field artillery has been switching status between active and deactivating for several years. It is currently in a Deactivated Status.
A tactical unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) battery will be added to the Brigade in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="18407828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407828" title="List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2007 (U.S.)">
List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2007 (U.S.)

This is a list of the U.S. "Billboard" magazine Top 40 Mainstream number-ones of 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18407830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407830" title="Glasgow, Kentucky, micropolitan area">
Glasgow, Kentucky, micropolitan area

The Glasgow Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in Kentucky, anchored by the city of Glasgow. As of the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 48,070 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 51,810). 
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 48,070 people, 19,362 households, and 13,824 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 94.92% White, 3.58% African American, 0.17% Native American, 0.34% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.33% from other races, and 0.65% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.85% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $27,390, and the median income for a family was $33,205. Males had a median income of $26,145 versus $19,900 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $15,026.

</doc>
<doc id="18407831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407831" title="Stan Wittman">
Stan Wittman

Stan "Bunny" Wittman (1 June 1901 – May 1994) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the VFL during the late 1920s and early 1930s. 
Wittman, who came to Melbourne from Rosedale, played his football across half forward. He was a member of Melbourne's 1926 premiership and kicked three goals in the Grand Final. Two years later, Wittman kicked a career best season tally of 34 goals, helped by a six goal haul against North Melbourne at the MCG.
Wittman was made a life member of the Melbourne Football Club in 1992. He died in May 1994, the last surviving member of the team that won the 1926 premiership.

</doc>
<doc id="18407839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407839" title="Kennalestes">
Kennalestes

Kennalestes gobiensis is an extinct species of insectivoreous mammal resembling a shrew. It was a common mammal in Mongolia during the Cretaceous period, found in both the Bayan Mandahu Formation and Djadochta Formation. it was found in Mongolia, during the Campanian, so it might've fallen victim to such predators as Velociraptor, Oviraptor and Archaeornithoides.

</doc>
<doc id="18407868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407868" title="A Woman Scorned (1911 film)">
A Woman Scorned (1911 film)

A Woman Scorned is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18407895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407895" title="List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2008 (U.S.)">
List of Mainstream Top 40 number-one hits of 2008 (U.S.)

The Mainstream Top 40 chart is a chart ranking the best performing singles on contemporary hit radio, compiled by Nielsen SoundScan based collectively on each single's weekly airplay, and published in "Billboard" magazine. The following is a list of songs that reached number one on the chart during the year 2008 in chronological order.

</doc>
<doc id="18407898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407898" title="Max Rushden">
Max Rushden

Max Rushden (born 18 April 1979) is an English television presenter who replaced Andy Goldstein as a co-presenter of Saturday morning Sky Sports show Soccer AM alongside Helen Chamberlain from August 2008. After falling sick one mornining Adam Smith AKA Franky Fryer stepped in to present the show.
Rushden attended Oxford University studying Modern History. 
Career.
Rushden presented the breakfast show on BBC London 94.9 from December 2006 - March 2008. He has also presented on TalkSport, BBC Radio 5 Live and substituted for James Richardson on the Guardian's Football Weekly podcast between 2010 and 2012.
On 1 May 2010, Rushden competed in charity football match at Old Trafford. He played on the Rivals team as he supports Cambridge United. Playing in a team including Ian Rush, John Barnes and Dave Beasant he played against a team featuring ex-United stars including Jaap Stam, Dwight Yorke and Denis Irwin.
He did feature in Dion Dublin's legends game at the Abbey Stadium on 27 April 2009. He played alongside Cambridge United heroes including; Andy Fensome, Liam Daish, John Taylor and Lee Philpott. Rushden started on the bench but came on after 20 minutes for Liam Daish, telling Dion Dublin to go to and play at centre-back whilst he wandered up front. He did very little in truth, but was heavily involved in two of the goals. He also had a header rebound off the bar. Rushden failed to score the goal at the Abbey Stadium that he would have dreamed about as a kid, growing up as a supporter of Cambridge United.

</doc>
<doc id="18407917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407917" title="Anime salve">
Anime salve

Anime salve is the final album released by Italian singer/songwriter Fabrizio De André in 1996. It was written together with Ivano Fossati, who co-sings in "Anime salve" and " Â cúmba". In a 2011 interview within the DVD documentary series "Dentro Faber" "Inside Faber" about De André's life and works, Fossati stated that he and De André composed all the music for the album by actually playing together in the latter's country house in Sardinia, working on almost-complete lyrics by De André, to which Fossati added a few lines.
Overview.
The album, released after six years of studies, shows marked influences of Latin-American music, as well as from Eastern Europe and Mediterranean ones (the latter deriving from the original project, which De André had begun with Mauro Pagani). Most of the lyrics deal with the theme of solitude and diversity, often considered as positive, free state of life: the Brazilian transsexual immigrant ("Princesa"), the Romani people ("Khorakhanè"), the poor anchovy fisher ("Le acciughe fanno il pallone"), the man in love ("Dolcenera"). The title itself, though generally translated as "Saved souls", ethimologically means "Solitary spirits".
The song "Disamistade" deals with a feud between two families in rural Sardinia. "Smisurata preghiera" ("Endless prayer") is inspired to poems by Álvaro Mutis, who later became De André's friend. Its verse "for the one who travels in a stubborn and opposite direction, with his special mark of special desperation" resumes the entire album's poetical stance, as well as much of De Andrè's work.
Track listing.
All songs written by Fabrizio De André and Ivano Fossati.

</doc>
<doc id="18407923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407923" title="Tim Clancy">
Tim Clancy

Tim Clancy (born 8 June 1984 in Trim, County Meath) is an Irish professional football player currently playing for St. Johnstone. A defender, he counts among his former clubs Millwall, Walton & Hersham, Weymouth, Fisher Athletic, Kilmarnock, Motherwell and Hibernian.
Career.
Clancy played for the Republic of Ireland under-19 team. He played for his home town club Trim Celtic and then Belvedere FC in Dublin before signing for Millwall. He then had spells in English non-league football with Walton & Hersham, Weymouth and Fisher Athletic.
Clancy joined Scottish Premier League (SPL) club Kilmarnock in early 2007 on amateur forms. He then agreed a one-year professional contract with Kilmarnock in June 2007. Clancy made his debut at left full back away to Gretna in September and made enough appearances during the 2007–08 season to trigger an automatic extension to his contract. His progress at Kilmarnock was hindered by a series of injuries, however, as he missed over four months after suffering an ankle ligament injury in April 2008.
Clancy also missed pre-season training in 2008–09 due to injury. He made a first team comeback in a goalless 0–0 draw at Aberdeen in February 2009. Clancy played regularly for Kilmarnock towards the end of the season and agreed a new two-year contract with the club. He did not play regularly during the 2010–11 season, as manager Mixu Paatelainen used Jamie Hamill as his regular right back. Later in the season, he scored an own goal which gave Rangers a 2–1 victory. Clancy made 73 appearances for Killie in total. Manager Kenny Shiels allowed Clancy to leave the club in order to rebalance his defensive options, with Ryan O'Leary out injured.
Clancy moved to Motherwell in August 2011 and agreed a one-year deal. Motherwell signed Clancy to cover for the long-term injury suffered by Steven Saunders. He played regularly in central defence for Mothewell, alongside Shaun Hutchinson. He also played both full back positions during the season. At the end of the season, Clancy rejected a new contract from Motherwell.
Clancy signed a two-year contract with Hibernian in June 2012. Clancy scored the first goal in a 2–2 draw against Celtic on 1 September, when he took advantage of a defensive mix-up. It was the first goal he had scored since playing in English non-league football, over six years previously. Clancy played regularly for Hibs before suffering from a groin injury that required specialist advice. He continued to suffer from injury problems and was released by Hibs in January 2014.
On 28 February 2014, Clancy signed for St. Johnstone on a contract until the end of the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18407943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407943" title="Russula sanguinaria">
Russula sanguinaria

Russula sanguinaria, commonly known as the bloody brittlegill, is a strikingly coloured mushroom, a member of the "Russula" genus, which has the common name of brittlegills. It is bright blood-red, inedible, and grows in association with coniferous trees. It was previously widely known as "Russula sanguinea".
Taxonomy.
The bloody brittlegill was first described as "Agaricus sanguinarius" by Heinrich Christian Friedrich Schumacher in 1803, and redescribed under its current binomial name by mycologist Stephan Rauschert in 1989. "Agaricus sanguinea" was described by Bulliard and renamed "Russula sanguinea" by Elias Magnus Fries.
Both the specific epithets "sanguinaria" and "sanguinea" are derived from the Latin word "sanguis" "blood", a reference to this mushroom’s colour. It is unclear whether this European species is the same as the American species "Russula rosacea".
Description.
The robust cap grows up to 10 cm (4 in) in diameter. At first it is convex, but later flattens, and sometimes becomes saucer-shaped when mature. It is bright blood-red, or rose coloured at first, fading slightly with age, and often having paler areas. The cap skin peels at the margin only. The stem is firmly robust, occasionally white, but more commonly flushed with the cap colour. It is streaked vertically, and tends to turn greyish pink with age. The cream to pale ochre gills are adnate to slightly decurrent, narrow and forking. The spore print is also cream to pale ochre. The flesh is white, somewhat hot and peppery, and sometimes bitter on the tongue, with a faint fruity smell.
Similar species.
Most of the other common bright red "Russula" species grow with deciduous trees.
Distribution and habitat.
Russula sanguinaria appears in summer and autumn. It is widespread in the northern temperate zones, and is mycorrhizal with softwood trees, often "Pinus" (pine) in coniferous woodland, on sandy soils.
Edibility.
This mushroom is inedible; has a 'peppery' taste, and is sometimes quite bitter. Many similar-tasting Russulas are poisonous when eaten raw. The symptoms are mainly gastrointestinal in nature: diarrhoea, vomiting and colicky abdominal cramps. The active agent has not been identified but is thought to consist of sesquiterpenes, which have been isolated from "Russula sardonia", and the related genus "Lactarius".
See also.
List of "Russula" species

</doc>
<doc id="18407951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407951" title="Renmark Airport">
Renmark Airport

Renmark Airport is an airport serving Renmark, South Australia. It is located southwest of Renmark and operated by the Renmark Paringa Council.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above sea level. It has two main runways: 07/25 with an asphalt surface measuring and 18/36 with a gravel surface measuring . There are two other runways, 12/30 and a parallel 07/25. Both of these are marked as being for gliders only.

</doc>
<doc id="18407952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407952" title="SS Czar">
SS Czar

SS "Czar, or Царь in Russian, was an ocean liner for the Russian American Line before World War I. The ship was later known as Estonia for the Baltic American Line, Pułaski for the Gdynia America Line and as a British Ministry of War Transport troopship, and as Empire Penryn" after World War II. The liner was built in Glasgow for the Russian American Line in 1912 and sailed on North Atlantic routes from Libau to New York. On one eastbound voyage in October 1913, "Czar" was one of ten ships that came to the aid of the burning Uranium Line steamer .
After the Russian Revolution, the ship came under the control of the British Shipping Controller and was managed by the Wilson Line and later, the Cunard Line. Under Cunard management in 1918 as HMT "Czar", she was employed as a troopship carrying United States troops to France as part of the United States Navy's Cruiser and Transport Force. After the end of World War I, the ship was returned to the East Asiatic Company, the parent company of the Russian American Line, who placed her on their Baltic American Line sailing in roundtrip passenger service to New York under the name "Estonia". She was sold to the Polish Gdynia America Line in 1930, and renamed SS "Pułaski" the following year for Polish passenger service to North and South America.
After the outbreak of World War II, "Pułaski" was initially used as a French and, after the Fall of France, a British troopship. "Pułaski" sailed variously in the North Atlantic, between African ports, and in the Indian Ocean. In 1946, the ship's name was changed to "Empire Penryn" and continued trooping duties under the management of Lamport & Holt. She was scrapped in 1949 at Blyth.
Launching and early career.
Ocean liner SS "Czar" was launched on 23 March 1912 by Barclay Curle & Company of Glasgow, Scotland, for the Russian American Line, a subsidiary of the Danish East Asiatic Company. "Czar" had a and measured long by abeam and had two funnels and two masts. She was driven by twin screw propellers at by two steam engines. "Czar" had accommodations for 30 passengers in first class, 260 in second class, and 1,086 in third class and steerage.
"Czar" sailed on her maiden voyage on 30 May 1912 from Libau (present-day Liepāja, Latvia) to Copenhagen and New York, arriving in the latter city on 13 June. She replaced on the Libau–New York route, and sailed opposite various combinations of , , , and through July 1914.
On her 5 August 1913 sailing from Libau, "Czar" carried a young Mark Rothko and his family on their way to join his father in the United States; Rothko went on to become a well-known American abstract expressionist painter and printmaker. On her October 1913 eastbound crossing, "Czar" responded to the distress calls of the Uranium Line steamer on fire in the middle of the Atlantic The liner joined nine other ships that came to the aid of the stricken ship. Amidst stormy seas, "Czar"s crew rescued 102 passengers from "Volturno", more than any other of the rescue ships, apart from the which rescued 105. In March 1914, King George V of the United Kingdom, on recommendation of the Board of Trade, awarded 19 of "Czar"s crew the Silver Sea Gallantry Medal, along with a £3 award each.
World War I.
After the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, "Czar" switched to service from Archangel to New York, but ran only sporadically through 1916. After the Russian Revolution, the East Asiatic Company suspended service on the Russian American Line, and transferred several ships, including "Czar", to British registry. The British shipping controller initially placed the liner under the management of John Ellerman's Wilson Line, but "Czar" was transferred to the Cunard Line management by the end of 1917.
Known by this time as HMT "Czar", the ship, along with former Russian American Line ships , "Kursk", and "Dwinsk", was attached to the Cruiser and Transport Force of the United States Navy, and made three trips carrying American troops to France. "Czar" sailed on her first voyage with American troops on 16 April 1918, when she departed from Hoboken, New Jersey, with U.S. Navy transports , , , , and British troopship HMT "Czaritza". The convoy was joined by transport and was escorted by American cruiser . The convoy arrived safely in France on 28 April. Sources do not report when "Czar" returned to the United States, but she had done so by early June.
"Czar" loaded troops at Newport News, Virginia, and set out on her second U.S. convoy crossing on 14 June, sailing with American transports , , , and . On the morning of 16 June, lookouts on "Princess Matoika" spotted a submarine and, soon after, a torpedo missed that ship by a few yards. Later that morning, the Newport News ships met up with the New York portion of the convoy—which included , , , , , , Italian steamer , and British steamer "Vauben"—and set out for France. The convoy was escorted by American cruisers and , and destroyers and ; battleship and several other destroyers joined in escort duties for the group for a time. The convoy had a false alarm when a floating barrel was mistaken for a submarine, but otherwise uneventfully arrived at Brest on the afternoon of 27 June.
When she departed Newport News on 7 October, "Czar" began her last voyage ferrying American troops to France. Sailing in company with U.S. Navy transports , , and , she rendezvoused with American transport , Italian steamer , and British steamer "Euripides" out of New York. The convoy ships were escorted by cruisers "Seattle" and , and destroyers and . The ships arrived safely in France on 20 October.
Throughout 1919 and into 1920, HMT "Czar" continued transporting Commonwealth troops under Cunard management. The troopship primarily sailed between British ports and Mediterranean ports such as Trieste, Malta, Alexandria, and Constantinople. One typical voyage from Alexandria returned 1,600 officers and men—who had been serving in Palestine, Syria, and Egypt—to Plymouth in January 1920. "Czar" also played a role in the North Russia Campaign of the Allied intervention in the Russian Civil War when the liner departed Hull for North Russia on 28 August 1919.
H.M.T. Czar arrived in the Tyne, from Murmansk last Friday (15 August 1919), with about 1,800 British and Italian troops from the Syren Force North Russia. Amongst them were about 100 officers, N.C.O's and men of the 6th and 13th Battalions Yorkshire Regiment.
Interwar civilian service.
By late 1920, "Czar" had been returned to the East Asiatic Company, which placed her in service for the Baltic American Line under the new name of "Estonia". For her first Baltic American trip she sailed from Glasgow on 11 January 1921 for New York, Danzig, and Libau, arriving at the latter by mid-February. Departing from Libau on 23 February, she began a regular Libau – Danzig – Boston – New York service, sailing opposite and .
In February 1925, "Estonia" was reconditioned and outfitted with accommodations for 290 cabin-class and 500 third-class passengers. The following March, her accommodations were altered for 110 cabin-class, 180 tourist-class, and 500 third-class passengers. Her last voyage for the Baltic American Line began on 31 January 1930 when she sailed from Danzig to Copenhagen, Halifax, and New York. Sold to the Polish-owned Gdynia America Line, she sailed 13 March for one more trip on the Danzig – New York route under the name "Estonia". Before her next voyage on 25 April, she was renamed "Pułaski", after Polish soldier and American Revolutionary War general Kazimierz Pułaski. SS "Pułaski" continued sailing the same route through August 1935, when she was moved to Gdynia – Buenos Aires service. She began her last voyage on this route on 21 April 1939.
World War II.
With the signing of the Anglo-Polish military alliance impending, "Pułaski" sailed from Gdynia to Falmouth on 24 August 1939. On 26 September, the ship left Dartmouth for Gibraltar (calling there on 2 September) and Piraeus, where she arrived on 13 October. Picking up Polish soldiers there, she sailed five days later for Marseille, where she eventually arrived on 2 December. Until March 1940, "Pułaski" underwent a refit in Marseille after which she sailed under charter to the French Fabre Line. At the end of the 1930s, the Fabre Line sailed ships on a Marseille–Dakar route with intermediate stops in other African ports.
On 10 March, "Pułaski" departed Marseille on the first of three voyages from that port. She sailed to Algiers and from there to Dakar on 13 March. "Pułaski" left Dakar for Freetown, Sierra Leone, and Konakry, French Guinea, returning to Dakar in early April. Sailing for Marseille on 5 April, the ship returned on 13 April as a part of convoy DF 29. Leaving again about two weeks later, she repeated the trip and returned to Marseille on 29 May as a part of convoy DF 41. By the time of her return, the German invasion of France had been underway for nearly three weeks.
"Pułaski" sailed on her third and final French voyage on 6 June. The liner arrived at Dakar on 15 June, and sailed the next day for Freetown, where she arrived on 18 June. Likely because of the confusion surrounding the French surrender on 22 June, "Pułaski"s movements over the next days are unrecorded, but she was detained at Konakry on 8 July by Vichy authorities. That evening, "Pułaski"s crew raised steam and sailed the ship out of the harbor in defiance of the detainment. After taking fire from shore batteries at Konakry, the ship arrived back at Freetown on 9 July.
British trooping duties.
On 14 August, "Pułaski", (the latest name of the former "Czaritza"), and were chartered by the Ministry of War Transport for trooping duties and placed under the management of Lamport & Holt of Liverpool. All three ships retained their Polish crews but also carried a Lamport & Holt liaison officer aboard. Four days later, "Pułaski" joined convoy SL 44, the 44th wartime convoy from Sierra Leone to Liverpool, with nearly 30 other ships and 10 escorts. "Pułaski" and about half of the ships departed the convoy at Liverpool on 7 September, while the other half continued on for Methil.
"Pułaski" next made her way to the Clyde in late October. Between 10 May and 12 June 1941, she sailed on three roundtrip trooping runs between Clyde and Iceland. In late June, "Pułaski", loaded with 2,047 troops, sailed from Clyde to join convoy WS 9B headed for Freetown. The convoy arrived at its destination on 13 July. After three days, "Pułaski" and four other ships sailed on to Cape Town, arriving on 27 July. Leaving behind one ship at Cape Town, "Pułaski" and the others sailed on 30 July to their final destination of Aden, where they arrived in mid August.
Over the next seven months, "Pułaski" operated in the Indian Ocean, primarily sailing between Middle Eastern and East African ports. Beginning in late August, "Pułaski" sailed between Aden and ports of Suez, Durban, Berbera, Mombasa, Massawa, Port Sudan, and Kilindini. From Kilindini, in March 1942, the liner sailed to Colombo and back to Durban on 8 April. While at Durban, a fire gutted the bridge in what may have been sabotage.
The damaged "Pułaski" made her way to East London in South Africa on 11 April where she remained under repair until June. Departing East London on 25 June, she resumed her Middle Eastern and African runs between Aden, Suez, and Durban. In November, the transport departed Aden and called at Basra, Bandar Abbas, and Karachi, before returning to Durban in early December. After nearly a two-month stay at Durban, "Pułaski" returned to her trooping duties in the Indian Ocean on 1 February 1943. She made her first visits to Diego Suarez, Zanzibar, and Tamatave in March, and Djibouti in April.
After a return to East London from Durban on 30 May, the ship put in for another extended stay, this time for four months. Resuming her trooping runs on 29 September, "Pułaski" began a year of almost continuous sailing. During this span, which lasted until mid-September 1944, the ship called at Bombay twice in addition to numerous stops in Aden, Suez, Durban, and Kilindini. Putting in at Durban on 15 September, "Pułaski" had a general refit over the next four months.
"Pułaski" resumed her Indian Ocean service when she left Durban on 21 January 1945, headed for Kilindini. She visited Dar es Salaam for the first time in April, and departed from her first visit to Madras on Victory in Europe Day, 8 May 1945. Headed to Akyab, Burma, she started the first of five India–Burma roundtrips through July. Over the next months, she shuttled between Rangoon, Calcutta (where she was docked on Victory over Japan Day), Chittagong, Madras, and Colombo, arriving at the latter port for the final time on 12 September. From Colombo she sailed into the Western Pacific for Singapore where she arrived for the first of several visits on 14 September, two days after the Japanese garrison there surrendered. Through the end of 1945, "Pułaski" continued sailing between Singapore and India, making additional stops at Port Swettenham, Chittagong, Sourabaya, and Batavia.
"Pułaski" arrived at Calcutta on 23 December 1945. After this time, the ship continued to sail in trooping duties in the Indian Ocean, though her specific movements are not known. In March 1946, "Pułaski" was purchased by the Ministry of War Transport for £100,000. It was around this time the Polish crews of "Pułaski" and "Kościuszko" refused to be repatriated to Soviet-occupied Poland. The crew members all signed British articles. On 16 April 1946, "Pułaski" was formally handed over to British authorities, who renamed the vessel "Empire Penryn": "Empire" to match the naming convention for miscellaneous British auxiliary ships; "Penryn" for the port of Penryn, Cornwall. Remaining under Lamport & Holt management, "Empire Penryn" performed trooping duties in the Mediterranean. The ship was taken out of service in 1948, and was scrapped at Blyth in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="18407999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18407999" title="Doenjang jjigae">
Doenjang jjigae

Doenjang jjigae is a variety of "jjigae" or stew-like Korean traditional dish, made with "doenjang" (Korean soybean paste) and available ingredients such as vegetables, mushrooms, seafood, or dubu (tofu). It is regarded as one of the representative dishes of food in Korea along with "Kimchi jjigae".
The dish is the source of the name Doenjang Girl, a South Korean stereotype of a woman who eats cheap food at home so she can drink expensive coffees in public.

</doc>
<doc id="18408000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408000" title="The Eternal Mother">
The Eternal Mother

The Eternal Mother is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. It is now believed to be lost.
The film was shot in Fort Lee, New Jersey when Biograph Company and other early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based there at the beginning of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18408005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408005" title="Eternal Mother">
Eternal Mother


</doc>
<doc id="18408022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408022" title="Live at Wembley Stadium (Spice Girls DVD)">
Live at Wembley Stadium (Spice Girls DVD)

Spice Girls Live at Wembley Stadium is the DVD of pop band Spice Girls' tour, "Spiceworld Tour", in 1998. The show was recorded at Wembley Stadium on the 20th of September and was released on the 24th of November, 1998. The show was recorded after Geri Halliwell left the band. Halliwell later revealed on the documentary "Giving You Everything" that she watched the two-hour show from her home in the United Kingdom after only quitting the band 4 months prior and said ""it was one of the hardest things I've ever had to do"" and that it was ""so painful"", to which Melanie Brown jokingly replied ""that's her own fault"". It received a DVD release on 6 October 2008 in the United Kingdom.
Set list.
Act One
Act Two
Act Three
Act Four
Act Five
Act Six
Act Seven
Act Eight
Encore

</doc>
<doc id="18408025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408025" title="Mehdi Belhaj Kacem">
Mehdi Belhaj Kacem

Mehdi Belhaj Kacem is a French-Tunisian actor, philosopher, and writer.
Biography.
Mehdi Belhaj Kacem was born in Paris on April 17, 1973. He lived in Tunisia until he was 13. He was nominated for the Prix Michel Simon Acteurs à l'Écran award for Best Actor for his part in the 2001 film "Wild Innocence".

</doc>
<doc id="18408034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408034" title="Mahdian Crusade">
Mahdian Crusade

The Mahdian Crusade, also called the Barbary Crusade or Crusade of Barbary, was a Franco-Genoese military expedition in 1390 that led to the siege of Mahdia, then a pirate stronghold in Tunisia. "Froissart's Chronicles" is the chief account of what was one of the last crusades.
Background.
During the lulls of the Hundred Years War knights looked for opportunities for glory and honor.
As Genoese ambassadors approached the French king Charles VI to subscribe to a crusade, they eagerly supported the plan to fight Moslem pirates from North Africa. These pirates had their main base at Mahdia on the Barbary coast. Genoa was ready to supply ships, supplies, 12,000 archers and 8,000 foot soldiers, if France would provide the knights. The proposal by the doge Antoniotto I Adorno was presented as a crusade. As such it would give prestige to its participants, a moratorium on their debts, immunity from lawsuits, and papal indulgence. The French force also included some English participants and consisted of 1,500 knights under the leadership of Louis II, Duke of Bourbon.
The siege of Mahdia.
It has been estimated that the total force numbered about 5,000 knights and soldiers plus 1,000 sailors. Two priests representing both popes blessed the departing. An armada of about 60 ships left Genoa on July 1, 1390 and landed at the end of July near the town of Mahdi where the soldiers disembarked unchallenged. The crusaders put up their camp and invested the fortified city for the next two months. They had failed to bring sufficient siege engines to breach the walls. A relief army reportedly 40,000 men strong was brought up by Hafsid Sultan Abu al-Abbas Ahmad II supported by the kings of Bugia and Tlemesan, camped nearby, avoided pitched battle, but started to harass the crusaders. The crusaders had to build a wall around their camp and fortify it. The Berbers send out a negotiating party asking why the French would attack them, they had only troubled the Genoese, a natural affair among neighbors. In answer they were told that they were unbelievers who had "crucified and put to death the son of God called Jesus Christ." The Berbers laughed saying it was the Jews not they who had done that. Negotiations broke off.
In a subsequent encounter with the large relief army the crusaders killed many but eventually had to retreat exhausted and tired. The duration of the siege not only frustrated them, but their logistical systems started to weaken. When a final assault on the city was repelled they were ready to settle for a treaty. On the opposing side the Berbers realized that they could not overcome the heavier armed invaders. Both sides looked for a way to end the hostilities.
Lifting the siege.
The siege was lifted with the conclusion of a treaty negotiated through the Genoese party. The treaty stipulated a ten year armistice, an agreement by Mahdia of payment of taxes to Genoa for 15 years, and to Louis II for his expenses. Thus piracy from the Barbary coast was reduced, and the crusaders withdrew. By mid-October the crusaders had returned to Genoa. Losses due to fighting and disease amounted to 274 knights and squires, about 20%.
Afterwards.
Both sides celebrated victory afterwards. The Berbers had repelled the invaders, and the Genoese could conduct trade with less interference. The French knights had no tangible goals but had participated for action and glory. They failed to learn any lessons from a "chivalric adventure with religious overlay" Their mistakes of unfamiliarity with the environment, lack of heavy siege equipment, underestimation of the enemy, and internal quarrels were repeated six years later on a grander scale in their fatal last crusade at Nicopolis

</doc>
<doc id="18408036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408036" title="William Lloyd (priest)">
William Lloyd (priest)

William Henry Cynric Lloyd, Archdeacon of Durban (13 January 1802 – 3 January 1881) was an Anglican clergyman.
Lloyd was the son of Bell Lloyd, brother to the Edward Lloyd, 1st Baron Mostyn, and Anne Anson "see" George Anson (1731-1789), sister of the Thomas Anson, 1st Viscount Anson and niece of Edward Venables-Vernon-Harcourt, Archbishop of York. He was brought up at the Anson seat, Shugborough Hall and at Lord Mostyn's castle in Flintshire. 
He entered Jesus College, Oxford, with a scholarship in 1819 (which he held until 1829), obtaining his B.A. degree in 1822 and his M.A. degree in 1825.
He became chaplain to his cousin the Thomas Anson, 1st Earl of Lichfield and was also Rector of Norbury, Staffordshire.
Accompanied by his family Lloyd arrived in Durban, South Africa in 1849 as the first Colonial Chaplain appointed by Earl Grey. With the arrival of Bishop John William Colenso in Natal in 1854 Lloyd was involved in the 'Colenso Controversy'. He was Rector of St. Paul's Church, Durban and subsequently Archdeacon of Durban. As military chaplian at the Fort during the Anglo-Zulu War of 1879 he played an important role in the life of the soldiers.
He married firstly Lucy Jeffreys (died 1843) the daughter of the Rev. John Jeffreys, and secondly married Ellen Norman (died 1903), daughter of the Rev. Henry Norman. His cousin Major-General Banastyre Pryce Lloyd joined him in Durban in 1869. Archdeacon Lloyd's children remained in Natal and gained various distinctions;

</doc>
<doc id="18408048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408048" title="Cerno">
Cerno

Cerno is a village in the municipality of Ljubuški, Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="18408057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408057" title="Hungary national speedway team">
Hungary national speedway team

The Hungary national speedway team are motorcycle speedway national team from Hungary. They were 3rd in 2006 European Pairs Speedway Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18408072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408072" title="The Old Bookkeeper">
The Old Bookkeeper

The Old Bookkeeper is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18408081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408081" title="Flechas">
Flechas

The Flechas (Arrows) were a Portuguese special forces unit created during the Portuguese Colonial War. Flechas were platoon-sized units consisting of local tribesmen and rebel defectors who specialised in tracking, reconnaissance and pseudo-terrorist operations. They sometimes patrolled in captured uniforms and were rewarded with cash bounties for every guerrilla or guerrilla weapon they captured.
History.
Flechas units were created and employed in Angola under the command of the Portuguese secret police (PIDE). Composed of locally recruited men, often former guerrilla fighters but mostly bushman khoisan, the units specialised in tracking, reconnaissance and pseudo-terrorist operations. The Flechas were employed with great success in the Frente Leste campaign in Eastern Angola in the early 1970s. General Costa Gomes argued that African soldiers were cheaper, knew better the terrain, and were better able to create a relationship with the local populace, a tactic that precludes the 'hearts and minds' strategy later used by United States forces in Vietnam at the time. Flechas units also operated in Mozambique at the very end stages of the conflict, following the dismissal of Kaúlza de Arriaga on the eve of the Portuguese coup in 1974. The units were to continue to cause problems for the FRELIMO even after independence and Portuguese withdrawal, when the country splintered into civil war.
Organization and Equipment.
They were initially created and organized by the PIDE Sub-Inspector Oscar Cardoso and first saw action in the remote areas that the Portuguese called "Terras do Fim do Mundo" (Lands of the End of the World) - the eastern region of Angola. The Flechas were organized in Battle Groups of about 30 men, although the formation was often loose. They were equipped with some of the equipment in use in the Portuguese Army, but most troops used weapons captured from the guerrillas and some used traditional weapons like bows and spears.
Their best known uniform item was the "Boina Camuflada" (camouflage beret), which became one of its symbols.
Other SF Units.
There were, in fact, a number of Portuguese special forces units that were unique to the Portuguese Colonial War:

</doc>
<doc id="18408086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408086" title="New York State Route 273">
New York State Route 273

New York State Route 273 (NY 273) was a state highway in northern Washington County, New York, in the United States. It began at an intersection with U.S. Route 4 (US 4) east of the village of Whitehall and ended at the Vermont state line in the town of Hampton, just east of a junction with NY 22A. The route passed through largely rural areas and entered only one community, the small hamlet of East Whitehall.
NY 273 followed part of the former routing of the Hampton and Whitehall Turnpike, a privately maintained highway that linked the village of Whitehall to a bridge over the Poultney River near the hamlet of Hampton, where it continued to Poultney, Vermont, in the 19th century. The portion of the turnpike west of East Whitehall became part of US 4 in 1927; however, US 4 was realigned in the mid-1940s to follow a new, more direct highway between Whitehall and the Vermont state line at Fair Haven, Vermont. NY 273 was assigned in 1949 to the path of old turnpike; however, the NY 273 designation was eliminated in 1980 as part of a highway maintenance swap between the state of New York and Washington County. The former routing of NY 273 west of NY 22A became County Route 18 (CR 18).
Route description.
NY 273 began at an intersection with US 4 east of the village of Whitehall in the town of Whitehall. After the intersection, the route passed the Our Lady of Angels Cemetery, where it turned to the southeast. NY 273 ran along the base of Ore Red Hill, outside of Whitehall. Near Ore Red Hill, the highway intersected with a local road, which connected to US 4. The route progressed to the southeast, entering the hamlet of East Whitehall, where it intersected with another local road.
NY 273 passed Bartholomew Hill and entered the town of Hampton, where it passed two mountains, Morris Hill, and the larger Thorn Hill. The highway then passed north of Crystal Lake, and entered the hamlet of Hampton. NY 273 intersected NY 22A in the small community before ending at the Vermont state line on a bridge over the Poultney River.
History.
Origins.
On April 11, 1820, the New York State Legislature created the Hampton and Whitehall Turnpike Road Company, a privately owned tasked with building the Hampton and Whitehall Turnpike. According to the act incorporating the company, the highway would begin at a bridge in the town of Hampton (at the Poultney River) and follow "the most convenient route" to the community of Whitehall Landing on Wood Creek (the modern village of Whitehall) in the town of Whitehall.
The Hampton and Whitehall Turnpike Road Company was initially financed through 800 shares of stock valued at $20 each. Under the text of the act establishing the entity, only one toll gate was permitted on the turnpike. The toll charged at the gate varied by person; the exact amount was based on the vehicle used and the number of livestock and horses that were brought onto the roadway. By 1920, the turnpike company ceased to exist and the state of New York had plans in place to improve the portion of the turnpike west of the hamlet of East Whitehall. The improved road would be part of a state highway extending from the village of Whitehall to the Vermont state line at Fair Haven, Vermont. The contract for the project was awarded on April 5, 1921, and the highway was completed by 1926.
Designations.
When the Whitehall–Fair Haven highway first opened, it did not have a designation. However, the road was part of the proposed routing of US 4, a route in the new U.S. Highway System. It officially became part of US 4 when the system was officially approved in November of that year. In the early 1940s, construction began on a new highway between Whitehall and Fair Haven that bypassed East Whitehall to the northwest. It was completed by 1946, at which time it became a realignment of US 4. On January 1, 1949, the old Hampton and Whitehall Turnpike was designated as NY 273, a new route connecting US 4 east of Whitehall to the Vermont state line in Hampton.
In 1980, NY 273 was removed from the state highway system as part of a highway maintenance swap between the state of New York and Washington County. On April 1, 1980, ownership and maintenance of NY 273 was transferred from the state of New York to Washington County; however, the NY 273 designation had officially ceased to exist one week earlier on March 24, 1980. Following the swap, the former routing of NY 273 was redesignated as CR 18 while the short connector to Vermont became part of CR 18A, then a loop route off NY 22A. CR 18A has since been reconfigured to follow a new highway leading directly from NY 22A to the Poultney River bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="18408105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408105" title="Sören Åkeby">
Sören Åkeby

Sören "Snuffe" Åkeby (born February 23, 1952) is a Swedish football manager and the current manager of IFK Värnamo. Along with Zoran Lukić, Åkeby managed Djurgårdens IF from 1999 to 2003. The two were very successful during the first years of the 21st century winning the Allsvenskan in 2002 and 2003. During the 2008 season he managed the Norwegian team of Aalesunds FK, but was fired in September 2008. On 2 October the same year GIF Sundsvall announced that Sören Åkeby would be the new manager of the club.
"Snuffe" has been working as a fire fighter on Nacka Brandstation before his coach career.

</doc>
<doc id="18408114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408114" title="George Stephenson (disambiguation)">
George Stephenson (disambiguation)

George Stephenson (1781–1848) was an English engineer, known as the "Father of Railways".
George Stephenson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18408115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408115" title="Pat Patterson">
Pat Patterson

Pat Patterson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18408121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408121" title="Sigtuna box">
Sigtuna box

The Sigtuna box is a copper box from Sigtuna, Sweden, which was engraved with a runic inscription in the early 11th century. The box not only tells of trading across the Baltic Sea, it is also engraved with an Old Norse poem in dróttkvætt, the lordly meter which was used when skalds praised lords and kings. The poem talks of thieves being devoured by ravens.
Discovery.
The box was discovered in August 1911, when an upholsterer was digging at the bank of lake Mälaren. The finder reported it to have been filled with a heavy substance like coarse wet coffee-grounds, and which was probably made up of small pieces of metal. The substance was kept inside a cloth which quickly disintegrated as soon as he touched it. The content, which weighed about , was unfortunately thrown away, but the box was sent to the Swedish Museum of National Antiquities where the runic inscription was discovered.
Description and use.
The box measures across on the outside and the space inside measures to . The thickness of the metal is on average . From top to bottom, it measures .
The box was used by a merchant to keep a small pair of scales for weighing silver and gold. More than 100 similar scales have been found in Birka, Sigtuna's predecessor as emporia, and they were a merchant's insignia, and his most important equipment.
Inscription.
Latin transliteration:
Old Norse transcription:
English translation:
Prose part (A).
The first part of the early 11th century inscription contains the merchant's name "Diarfr" and informs of how he acquired the box and its contents, but it does not give any precise information on from where he got his scales. The adjective "semskR" is ambiguous and the phrase "af semskum manni" can both mean that the man came from Sambia and from Zemgale.
Poetry part (B).
The second part of the inscription contains a couplet in the skaldic metre known as "dróttkvætt". Here follows Jansson's transcription and translation (1987):
The word "velva" is in the accusative case and it is probably the same word as the Gothic "wilwa" ("robber"). "Nas gaukR" is a kenning for raven which literally means "corpse's cuckoo," and a comparable expression known from Old Icelandic poems is "hræva gaukr" ("carrion's cuckoo"). The idea that a dead thief should be food for ravens is also in agreement with poetic imagery from the Göksholm runestone and the Rök Runestone where ravens and wolves feast on the slain. (For the symbolism of the raven in Viking culture, see the Raven banner.)

</doc>
<doc id="18408125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408125" title="Danville, Kentucky micropolitan area">
Danville, Kentucky micropolitan area

The Danville Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of Boyle and Lincoln counties in Kentucky, anchored by the city of Danville. As of the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 51,058. A July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 54,435.
"Site Selection" magazine ranked the Danville Micropolitan Statistical Area 41st out of 694 micro communities in the United States for new and expanding economic development projects in 2008.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 51,058 people, 19,780 households, and 14,077 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 91.59% White, 6.41% African American, 0.17% Native American, 0.35% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.52% from other races, and 0.94% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.19% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $30,892, and the median income for a family was $37,492. Males had a median income of $29,903 versus $22,076 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $15,945.

</doc>
<doc id="18408140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408140" title="Shasta Daylight">
Shasta Daylight

The Shasta Daylight was a Southern Pacific Railroad passenger train between Oakland Pier in Oakland, California, and Portland, Oregon. It started on July 10, 1949 and was SP's third "Daylight" streamliner; it had a fast 15 hour 30 minute schedule in either direction for the trip through some of the most beautiful mountain scenery of any train in North America. The "Shasta Daylight" replaced heavyweight trains on the same route that had taken nearly a day and night to complete the run. The "Shasta Daylight" was the first diesel powered Daylight and the only Daylight to run beyond California. The scenic route of the "Shasta Daylight" passed its namesake Mount Shasta in daylight hours.
Locomotives.
Initially the "Shasta Daylights" were assigned A-B-B sets of EMD E7 units, but within days this changed to A-B-A sets of ALCO postwar 2,000 hp PA units. The ALCO units with the same horsepower rating had dynamic braking, which the E7s lacked; with their larger traction motors the ALCO PAs were supposed to be able to outpull the E7s.
Passenger cars.
All coaches, diners and tavern cars had larger picture windows. The cars did not have the fluted panels seen on prewar Daylights, but the two Parlor Lounge Observation cars (built in 1941 and refurbished for service on the new "Shasta Daylight") retained their side fluting and their standard-sized windows. For visual unity along the train the above-window paint stripe continued at the high-window height along these cars.
History.
Shasta Limited.
The "Shasta Daylight" was a replacement for the "Shasta Limited" that had run on the Shasta Route since October 1895. The first "Shasta" followed the original route through the Siskiyou Mountains, via Medford, Grants Pass, and Roseburg, Oregon. This line had steep grades and sharp curves; in summer 1926 the fastest schedule Portland to San Francisco was 27 hours.
Shasta route upgrade.
During the railroad's management by Edward H. Harriman plans to upgrade the Shasta Route were unveiled. But his death and the government's attempt to break up Southern Pacific's merger with Harriman's Union Pacific, followed by an attempt to subtract the Central Pacific from the SP, delayed construction. Not until 1927 was the new Cascade Line via Willamette Pass and Klamath Falls opened as the main route between the Bay Area and the Northwest.
Shasta from 1931.
The original "Shasta" never operated on the new line. Starting in 1931, the train ran as its own only between Portland, Oregon, and Dunsmuir, California, south of the junction of the Siskiyou and Cascade Lines at Black Butte. South of Dunsmuir, the "Shasta" was consolidated with the "Klamath". One year later the Shasta was combined with the "Cascade" between Eugene, Oregon, and Portland. Through service from Oakland to Portland via the Siskiyou line would end on February 13, 1938.
Shasta from 1946.
The train suspended operations during World War II but returned on August 4, 1946 as trains 327 and 328, local trains between Dunsmuir, California and Grants Pass, Oregon. The name "Shasta" was retained until July 10, 1949 when the "Shasta Daylight" began service. The local train continued unnamed (although locals nicknamed it "The Scoot") until discontinued on February 26, 1952.
Greyhound bus service.
When "Rogue River" was discontinued four years later, all passenger service on the Siskiyou Line ended, and connecting Greyhound bus service to cities on that line were shown in the Southern Pacific timetable.
In the presence of Mount Shasta.
Advertising.
In 1953, Southern Pacific advertised the "Shasta Daylight" as the "Sweetheart of the Northwest". While Portland and Seattle were served by colorful first-class transcontinental trains such as the "Empire Builder" on the Great Northern Railway, the "North Coast Limited" on the Northern Pacific Railway and the "City of Portland" on the Union Pacific, no other railroad could compete against the Southern Pacific who held almost a monopoly in the Portland - Bay Area market. The bright-colored streamliner seemed to blend right in with seemingly endless evergreen forests, sky blue lakes, and ruggedly handsome mountain peaks. Between terminals, the route featured few communities, the largest towns being Eugene and Salem with about 50,000 residents apiece. Less than 12,000 lived in Albany and Klamath Falls, Oregon, and Redding, California. Dunsmuir and Davis only had about 5,000 people. Stops at Chemult, Oregon, and Gerber, California, had a handful of permanent residents; between were miles of barely developed landscape.
Descriptive writing.
Writer and trainfan Lucius Beebe described the experience as "riding all morning in the shadowy presence of Mount Shasta, a brooding, symmetrical cone of everlasting snow that dominates the right-of-way for hundreds of miles." But there were other highlights: Shasta Lake, the Sacramento River Canyon, the Klamath Basin, and the Cascade Range. Beebe further noted, "At its terminals in Oakland and Portland are the visible and tangible evidences of urban concentration and what passes for civilization, the neon lights, the meter cabs, and the hurrying traffic of commerce and manufacture. But what lies in-between them is largely wilderness where the solitary inhabitant is likely to carry a gun in the crook of his arm and have a wild-looking dog for company."
Dome cars.
Southern Pacific began rebuilding prewar cars into unique dome cars which featured both high-level seating and low-level lounge with high skylight, marketed with the romantic motto "Stairway to the Stars". "Trains" magazine editor David P. Morgan said these domes were the best in operation on any American railroad. The cars were painted in the Daylight color scheme.
Decline.
Donald J. Russell became President of the Southern Pacific in 1952. He was on hand to dedicate the rebuilt dome cars when they began service, but he was a bottom-line man and was aware of the popularity of automobiles and the airlines. SP's passenger revenues were dropping. Russell wanted to expand his railroad, moving into pipelines, communication, and real estate and offering faster, more efficient freight service. Seeing a trend, Russell told stockholders that the passenger train would one day disappear. "You can't make the people do what they don't want to do," he said.
New color scheme.
In 1959 the Southern Pacific debuted a new color scheme for their diesel locomotives, dark gray with a red nose. It became known to fans as the "bloody nose" scheme. "Shasta Daylight" promotions, previously showing a Daylight-colored set of PA units, were airbrushed to black and red.
Citing low ridership during the winter, SP asked the Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) to allow the "Shasta Daylight" to run tri-weekly between September 15 and December 14 and again from January 15 to May 28. The train would run daily during summer and the Christmas holiday season.
As the train rolled into the 1960s Daylight cars were repainted in the aluminum stripe with red letterboard format used on the "Sunset Limited". During this time the train was a combination of the two color schemes plus the gray SP baggage car. The PA's were replaced with FP7 units. What could have been an opportunity for the train, the 1962 Seattle World's Fair, saw little promotion. In 1964 SP went back to the ICC and asked to discontinue the train during the winter off-season.
Service withdrawn.
In summer of 1965 the "Shasta Daylight" was a six-to-seven car train, but going out with as few as five. The Daylight color scheme was gone. A normal consist included two FP7 locomotives in red and dark gray, a dark gray baggage car, a streamlined coach, a dome lounge, a coffee shop car, one or two additional coaches (sometimes an articulated pair), and a coach-observation. Southern Pacific asked for permission to not operate the train in 1966 but, after hearings, were ordered to provide service that summer. The train would operate "sans" its coach-observation, which went to the "San Joaquin Daylight".
The U.S. Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) ruling, noting the train was to operate for 1966, was to prove to be a loophole when SP announced the "Shasta Daylight" would not operate in the summer of 1967. The Oregon PUC protested but the remains of the "Shasta Daylight" now ceased operations. Russell's successor, Benjamin F. Biaggini, claimed "...the cold fact looms that the long-distance passenger train is dead and no amount of prayer or wishful thinking can bring it back to life." Labor Day 1966 saw the final runs of SP's former "sweetheart."
Chair cars from the "Shasta Daylight" had already been transferred to the "Cascade", which became the sole passenger train on the Shasta Route. It too had been downgraded from an all-Pullman service with a triple-unit diner and would become a tri-weekly train in 1970. That it was able to survive up to the creation of Amtrak proved a savior to West Coast rail passenger service, although Mount Shasta is passed at night.
Surviving equipment.
Parlor-Lounge-Observation car #2955, one of the two 1941-built cars assigned to the "Shasta Daylight" for its 1949 inauguration, survives today. It is owned by the Northwest Rail Museum, a preservation group in the Portland area, and sees occasional excursion service behind the city of Portland's two operational steam locomotives, former Southern Pacific GS-4 "Daylight" 4-8-4 #4449, and former Spokane, Portland & Seattle 4-8-4 #700. The car is still painted in the colorful "Daylight" paint scheme.
Dome-Lounge cars #3605 and #3606, converted from existing single-level cars in 1955 for the train, also survive. #3605 is owned by the Royal Gorge Route Railway in Colorado, where it is in storage awaiting restoration. #3606 is privately owned as part of a collection of former railroad cars in Rocklin, California.
Coast Starlight.
Today's "Coast Starlight" is a reminder of what the "Shasta Daylight" once offered.

</doc>
<doc id="18408143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408143" title="For His Son">
For His Son

For His Son is a 1912 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. The film was shot in Fort Lee, New Jersey when Biograph Company and other early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based there at the beginning of the 20th century. A print of the film survives today.

</doc>
<doc id="18408149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408149" title="Sant'Angelo in Formis">
Sant'Angelo in Formis

Sant'Angelo in Formis is an abbey in the municipality of Capua, southern Italy. The church, dedicated to St Michael Archangel, lies on the western slopes of Monte Tifata.
It was once referred to as "ad arcum Dianae" ("near the Arch of Diana"), as it lies on the remains of a Roman temple to that goddess.
The church was built in the eleventh century by Desiderius, the abbot of Monte Cassino, who also rebuilt that abbey. At Monte Cassino the decoration was carried out by Byzantine (Greek) artists hired from Constantinople and the decoration of Sant'Angelo displays a mingling of the Byzantine (Eastern) and Latin (Western) traditions. The frescos were painted by Greek artists and by Italian pupils trained in their methods. Examples of the mingling of styles cited in Hall include:
1. The "lunette over the entrance with a half-length figure of St. Michael and above him an orant Virgin in a medallion supported by flying angels, with an inscription in Greek on the lintel at the foot. The treatment is wholly Byzantine except for the Latin motif of a crown on the Virgin's head".
2. The evangelists around the enthroned Christ in the Apse are in the form of the four symbolic creatures of the Latin tradition, rather than being shown as figures (often seating at writing desks) in the Greek manner. (ibid)
3. Subjects from the Old Testament and New Testament line the walls of the nave. The content of individual scenes and the grouping of figures is described by Hall as being "typically Byzantine", but the whole forms an historical narrative series on the Western model, evidently just as in the basilicas of early Christian Rome. (ibid)

</doc>
<doc id="18408187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408187" title="The Very Best of Era">
The Very Best of Era

The Very Best of Era is a collection of songs from previous albums and remixes by Era.
Premium Video Edition.
A "Premium" version was also released at the same time which includes a Video DVD. The back cover reads "The Complete Era video collection including all Era music videos and special features." 
Music videos include: 1. Misere Mani 2. Mother 3. The Mass 4. Looking For Something 5. Ameno 6. Infanati 7. Enae Volare Mezzo 8. Divano 9. Looking For Something Remix 

</doc>
<doc id="18408192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408192" title="Banastyre Pryce Lloyd">
Banastyre Pryce Lloyd

Major-General Banastyre Pryce Lloyd (1824 – 21 November 1882) was a British officer, linguist and civil servant.
Biography.
Lloyd was the son of Llewelyn Lloyd, younger brother to Edward Lloyd, 1st Baron Mostyn, and of Jane Falkner. He was a cousin of William H. C. Lloyd, Archdeacon of Durban.
He received a commission in the East India Company and participated in several campaigns including the Gwalior Campaign. In 1846 he was civil commissioner of an Indian district and was there at the time of the Indian Mutiny. After being made a lieutenant-colonel he left India for Natal, South Africa to escape the unhealthy climate.
Lloyd's knowledge of Hindustani made him invaluable to the colonial government who were responsible for a large minority of Indian immigrants. By 1872 he was Protector of Indian Immigrants under Law. In 1874 he was acting Colonial Secretary of Natal and was given a seat on the Natal Legislative Council. He was promoted to the rank of major-general in 1875.
Marriage and children.
He married Anna Grimes Stacey.

</doc>
<doc id="18408210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408210" title="SDTM">
SDTM

SDTM (Study Data Tabulation Model) defines a standard structure for human clinical trial (study) data tabulations and for nonclinical study data tabulations that are to be submitted as part of a product application to a regulatory authority such as the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The Submission Data Standards team of Clinical Data Interchange Standards Consortium (CDISC) defines SDTM.
On July 21, 2004, SDTM was selected as the standard specification for submitting tabulation data to the FDA for clinical trials and on July 5, 2011 for nonclinical studies. Eventually, all data submissions will be expected to conform to this format. As a result, clinical and nonclinical Data Managers will need to become proficient in the SDTM to prepare submissions and apply the SDTM structures, where appropriate, for operational data management. 
Background.
SDTM is built around the concept of observations collected about subjects who participated in a clinical study. Each observation can be described by a series of variables, corresponding to a row in a dataset or table. Each variable can be classified according to its Role. A Role determines the type of information conveyed by the variable about each distinct observation and how it can be used. Variables can be classified into four major roles:
A fifth type of variable role, Rule, can express an algorithm or executable method
to define start, end, or looping conditions in the Trial Design model.
The set of Qualifier variables can be further categorized into five sub-classes:
For example, in the observation, 'Subject 101 had mild nausea starting on Study Day 6,' the Topic variable value is the term for the adverse event, 'NAUSEA'. The Identifier variable is the subject identifier, '101'. The Timing variable is the study day of the start of the event, which captures the information, 'starting on Study Day 6', while an example of a Record Qualifier is the severity, the value for which is 'MILD'.
Additional Timing and Qualifier variables could be included to provide the necessary detail to adequately describe an observation.
Datasets and domains.
Observations are normally collected for all subjects in a series of domains. A domain is defined as a collection of logically-related observations with a topic-specific commonality about the subjects in the trial. The logic of the relationship may relate to the scientific subject matter of the data, or to its role in the trial.
Typically, each domain is represented by a dataset, but it is possible to have information relevant to the same topicality spread among multiple datasets. Each dataset is distinguished by a unique, two-character DOMAIN code that should be used consistently throughout the submission. This DOMAIN code is used in the dataset name, the value of the DOMAIN variable within that dataset, and as a prefix for most variable names in the dataset.
The dataset structure for observations is a flat file representing a table with one or more rows and columns. Normally, one dataset is submitted for each domain. Each row of the dataset represents a single observation and each column represents one of the variables. Each dataset or table is accompanied by metadata definitions that provide information about the variables used in the dataset. The metadata are described in a data definition document named 'Define' that is submitted along with the data to regulatory authorities. 
Submission Metadata Model uses seven distinct metadata attributes to be defined for each dataset variable in the metadata definition document:
Data stored in dataset variables include both raw (as originally collected) and derived values (e.g., converted into standard units, or computed on the basis of multiple values, such as an average). In SDTM only the name, label, and type are listed with a set of CDISC guidelines that provide a general description for each variable used by a general observation class. 
Comments are included as necessary according to the needs of individual studies.
The presence of an asterisk (*) in the 'Controlled Terms or Format' column indicates that a discrete set of values (controlled terminology) is expected to be made available for this variable. This set of values may be sponsor-defined in cases where standard vocabularies have not yet been defined (represented by a single *) or from an external published source such as MedDRA (represented by **).
Special-purpose domains.
The CDISC Version 3.x Submission Data Domain Models include special-purpose domains with a specific
structure and cannot be extended with any additional qualifier or timing variables other than those specified. 
Additional fixed structure, non-extensible special-purpose domains are discussed in the Trial Design model.
The general domain classes.
Most observations collected during the study (other than those represented in special purpose domains) should be divided among three general observation classes: Interventions, Events, or Findings:
In most cases, the identification of the general class appropriate to a specific collection of data by topicality is straightforward. Often the Findings general class is the best choice for general observational data collected as measurements or responses to questions. In cases when the topicality may not be as clear, the choice of class may be based more on the scientific intent of the protocol or analysis plan or the data structure. 
All datasets based on any of the general observation classes share a set of common Identifier variables and Timing variables. Three general rules apply when determining which
variables to include in a domain:
The CDISC standard domain models (SDTMIG 3.1.2 and SENDIG 3.0).
Special-Purpose Domains:
Interventions:
Events:
Findings:
Trial Design Domains:
Special-Purpose Relationship Datasets:

</doc>
<doc id="18408211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408211" title="Popgun (comics)">
Popgun (comics)

Popgun is an award-winning comics anthology series created by Mark Andrew Smith and Joe Keatinge. Image Comics published four volumes of "Popgun" from 2007–2010. The driving concept behind "Popgun" was a mixtape of graphic short stories that cross the borders of all genres. No theme was given to contributors and instead emphasis is placed on diversity of content and the mixing/track order of each volume. 
"Popgun" featured many well-known creators as well as showcased brand-new talent who were not widely known at the time. Many creators debuting in "Popgun" have since made their mark on the comics industry. "Popgun" twice won the Harvey Award for best anthology, and won the Eisner Award Best Anthology once.
Publication.
"Popgun" volume 1 was edited by Mark Andrew Smith and Joe Keatinge. Mike Allred illustrated the cover of the first volume. The first volume of "Popgun" was released on November 28, 2007. 
Paul Pope illustrated the cover for "Popgun" volume 2 and it was edited by Joe Keatinge and Mark Andrew Smith. "Volume" 2 was released on July 25, 2008. 
"Popgun" volume 3 was released March, 2009, featuring a cover by Tara McPherson. It was edited by Mark Andrew Smith and D.J. Kirkbride.
"Popgun" volume 4 was released in February 2010. It featured a cover by Ben Templesmith and was edited by D.J. Kirkbride, Anthony Wu, and Adam P. Knave.

</doc>
<doc id="18408217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408217" title="2,000 Feet Away">
2,000 Feet Away

2,000 Feet Away is a play by British playwright Anthony Weigh. The play is a portrait of small-town life in the Midwest. It is set primarily in Eldon, Iowa, which provided the setting for Grant Wood's famous painting "American Gothic". The opening and closing scenes are set in the Art Institute of Chicago where the painting is now preserved. The title of the play alludes to a state law preventing sex offenders from living within of any place where children may gather.
The play premiered in Sydney, Australia and opened in London at the Bush Theatre during the 2008 summer season. The director of the Bush production was Josie Rourke, while the main character of the Deputy Sheriff was played by Joseph Fiennes, better known for his lead role in the film "Shakespeare in Love". "2,000 Feet Away" opened to generally positive reviews in the London press.

</doc>
<doc id="18408219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408219" title="James Faulkner">
James Faulkner

James Faulkner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18408221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408221" title="2008–09 Maltese Second Division">
2008–09 Maltese Second Division

The Maltese Second Division 2008–09 season (known as BOV 2nd Division 2008-09 due to sponsorship reason) started on 27 September 2008 and ended on 10 May 2009.Mellieha and Marsa were relegated from the First Division.The promoted teams were Gozo FC and Zebbug Rangers.Zebbug had to start the season with a five point deduction due to incidents which occurred the previous season.The Maltese Second Division 2008–09 was won by Balzan Youths.The runners-up were Melita,who finished 2 points off Lija Athletic. Mgarr United and Marsa were relegated to the Third Division. This was the third straight relegation for Marsa,who 3 years previously were competing in the Premier League and now have to compete in the Third Division.Naxxar Lions were also relegated as they lost in the promotion-relegation play-offs to Santa Lucia.The play-offs were won by Zurrieq.
Participating teams.
These teams will contest the Maltese Second Division 2008–09 season:
League table.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsC = Champions; R = Relegated; RP = Relegation playoffs
2008/2009 Results.
"To read this table, the home team is listed in the left-hand column."

</doc>
<doc id="18408235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408235" title="Special Groups (Portugal)">
Special Groups (Portugal)

The Special Groups (Port: Grupos Especiais or GE) were small military units of platoon size, set up from 1966 to 1974 by the Portuguese Armed Forces in Angola and in Mozambique. Later Paratrooper Special Groups (Grupos Especiais Páraquedistas or GEP) were formed, units able to conduct airborne operations. By 1974 there were 84 Special Groups and 12 Paratrooper Special Groups operating in Mozambique and 90 Special Groups operating in Angola.
Constitution and Training.
Although they were trained and operated under the command of the Portuguese Army (and Portuguese Air Force for the GEP), the GE were not integrated into the Armed Forces and were considered paramilitary forces. The GE were made up of local volunteers, supported by senior Portuguese military personnel. With the exception of the GEP, each GE was usually fully established by members of the same ethnic African group. The GE received a similar training to commandos and the GEP to paratroopers. The GEP were created and used only in Mozambique.
Organization.
Each GE or GEP was organized as a combat group, consisting of an officer (commander of group), a sergeant (assistant) and 26 soldiers, organized into 3 sections, each consisting of 2 squads. The commander and deputy from each group were typically military or former military personnel. The remaining fighters were local Africans. Usually four GEs or GEPs formed a company.
While the GEP were part of the Paratrooper Special Groups Battalion, the GE operated together with regular Army units, forming their intervention units.
Symbols and uniforms.
The GE and GEP had as standard uniform a completely black battledress. However, they often used the camouflaged uniform of the Portuguese Army. As headgear, the GE used a Yellow beret and the GEP a Maroon beret.

</doc>
<doc id="18408237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408237" title="Sixteen Days">
Sixteen Days

Sixteen Days or 16 Days can refer to:
Music:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="18408243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408243" title="Revius Ortique, Jr.">
Revius Ortique, Jr.

Revius Oliver Ortique, Jr. (June 14, 1924 – June 22, 2008) was an American jurist, first Afro-American justice of the Louisiana Supreme Court, and civil rights activist.
Born in New Orleans, Louisiana, he graduated from Dillard University. In 1992, Revius Ortique was the first Afro-American appointed to the Louisiana Supreme Court. He died in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="18408249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408249" title="Bizana">
Bizana

Bizana may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18408270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408270" title="Sergey Shmolik">
Sergey Shmolik

Sergei Shmolik (; ; born January 12, 1965) is a former Belarusian football referee who operated in the Belarusian Premier League and had been FIFA-listed since 1993.
In July 2008, he was banned from refereeing after being found to have refereed a league game between Naftan and Vitebsk drunk.

</doc>
<doc id="18408287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408287" title="Karthik Kumar">
Karthik Kumar

Karthik Kumar (born 21 November 1977) is a noted theatre and Kollywood actor. He is popularly known as 'Evam' Karthik, due to his theater connections. He studied chemical engineering in Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering, Chennai. He is married to playback singer Suchitra Ramadurai . He currently stars as Arjun in the Vijay TV drama Dharmayutham.

</doc>
<doc id="18408296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408296" title="Constance Simelane">
Constance Simelane

Miss. Constance Simelane is a Swaziland politician and former Deputy Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Swaziland. 
Appointed to the Senate in 2001, Constance Simelane became Minister of Education in 2003. In October 2006 Simelane was appointed Deputy Prime Minister by King Mswati III, succeeding Albert Shabangu who had died a month earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="18408298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408298" title="Selena Tan">
Selena Tan

Selena Tan is an actress and the owner of Dream Academy, most notable as one of the famous Dim Sum Dollies. Tan started acting at age 14. She was educated at Fairfield Medthodist Secondary School and graduated with a law degree from National University of Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="18408301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408301" title="Night flying restrictions">
Night flying restrictions

Night flying restrictions is any regulation or legislation imposed by a governing body to limit the ground-perceived exposure to aircraft noise during the night hours, when the majority of residents are trying to sleep. Such regulations may include restrictions to available flight paths, or prohibitions against takeoffs, or prohibitions against takeoffs and landings, or prohibitions against ground operations (engine runups or taxiing).
European airports.
Night flying restrictions, commonly known as curfews, are common at airports in Europe.
Situation at London airports.
The night restrictions for Heathrow, Gatwick and Stansted define a night period, 2300–0700 hours, and a night quota period, 2330–0600 hours. During the night period, the noisiest types of aircraft (classified as QC/4 QC/8 or QC/16) may not be scheduled to land or to take off (other than in the most exceptional circumstances). In addition, during the night quota period movements by most other types of aircraft (including the new QC/0.25 category) will be restricted by a movements limit and a noise quota, which are set for each season.

</doc>
<doc id="18408316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408316" title="Richard Kohn">
Richard Kohn

Richard Kohn (February 27, 1888–1963) was an Austrian football player and later coach of FC Bayern Munich, FC Barcelona and Feyenoord Rotterdam. He was Jewish, born in Vienna. His nickname was "Dombi" or "Little Dombi", meaning little eminence. He was also known as John Little(s), Jack Domby and Ricardo Domby.
Career as player.
Before World War I he played for Wiener AC and Wiener AF and Wiener Amateur SV. Kohn was renowned for his good technique. He had seven appearances for the Austrian national team (1907–1912) and scored two times.
Career as coach.
Little is known about the early years of his career. In the 1920s he managed Građanski Zagreb and Sportfreunde Stuttgart and Hertha BSC from 1924 to 1925. He then went to First Vienna FC which he left for Barcelona for a first stint from February 1926 to 1927. He afterwards left TSV 1860 Munich for VfR Mannheim for a year. Upon leaving for FC Bayern Munich, convincing the gifted player Oskar Rohr to follow him there. With Rohr and Conny Heidkamp he formed a strong team in Munich and in 1932 won the German championship with Bayern in a final victory against Eintracht Frankfurt.
After the Nazis rise to power, the Jewish Kohn left Germany initially for the Grasshopper Club in Zurich for Barcelona, and later went to Switzerland where he coached Basel. From 1935 to 1939 and 1951 to 1955 he managed Feyenoord Rotterdam, winning the Dutch league in 1935–36 and 1937–38. He acted as a coach and physio, and was known for magical potions, which helped to cure injured players.

</doc>
<doc id="18408327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408327" title="Disney's Dinosaur (video game)">
Disney's Dinosaur (video game)

"Disney's Dinosaur" is a 2000 video game based released as a tie-in to the Disney film of the same name.
Story.
The game loosely follows the story of the movie, starting with Aladar, Zini, Suri, and Plio on the Lemur Island. The island is destroyed in a meteor shower, forcing Aladar and his friends to flee to the mainland, where they encounter a herd of dinosaurs led by the ruthless Kron. Most of the game consists of puzzles and fighting off predators.
Controls.
The player navigates the main characters with the arrow keys, a player may move a character diagonally by pressing two keys simultaneously, the players attacks are activated by pressing the spacebar or V key, a player may use the special attack when there is a power stone in their inventory by pressing the two attack keys simultaneously.
Playable characters.
The player can control Aladar, Flia and Zini separately. It is also possible to control both Aladar and Flia simultaneously (the player controls Aladar and Flia follows him), or Aladar and Zini (the player controls Aladar and Zini jumps on his back). It is also possible to control all three characters - the player controls Aladar, with Zini riding on his back and Flia following.
Non-playable characters.
Plio, Yar, Suri, and Bruton don't appear in the game itself, but are featured in cut-scenes throughout the game, which are actually scenes taken directly from the movie.
Creatures and objects featured.
Enemies.
Other dangers include tornados, meteors, sandstorms, quicksand and lava streams.
Friendly NPC's.
The cutscenes taken from the movie also show "Microceratus", "Pachyrhinosaurus", "Ichthyornis", "Stygimoloch" and "Struthiomimus".

</doc>
<doc id="18408355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408355" title="Ball and Chain (Elton John song)">
Ball and Chain (Elton John song)

"Ball and Chain" is a song by Elton John with lyrics by Gary Osborne. It is the third track on his 1982 album "Jump Up!" and was released as a single in the United States in September that year. It features Pete Townshend of The Who on acoustic guitar.
Lyrical meaning.
The song is basically about bad love, simply a relationship that is just not working. The woman is simply not giving her piece in the relationship. The man feels that he has "A ball and chain hanging around his heart". Osborne also added some French words into the song.
Musical structure.
The song opens with Pete Townshend's percussive guitar playing, and subtle piano from Elton John. The song then builds to a climactic finish, placing the final verse one octave higher.
Covers.
Country music artist Kathy Mattea covered the song on her 1985 album "From My Heart".

</doc>
<doc id="18408366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408366" title="Kim Byung-Chae">
Kim Byung-Chae

Kim Byung-Chae (born April 14, 1981) is a South Korea football Midfielder. He currently plays for Chainat F.C. in the Thailand Division 1 League.
He played for several clubs, including FC Seoul, Gwangju Sangmu FC (Military service), Gyeongnam FC and Busan IPark, Daejeon Hydro & Nuclear Power FC in South Korea.
He was a member of the South Korea U-20 team.

</doc>
<doc id="18408376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408376" title="Ljuba Brkić">
Ljuba Brkić


</doc>
<doc id="18408390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408390" title="Adrian Snodgrass">
Adrian Snodgrass

Adrian Snodgrass is an internationally renowned authority in Buddhist studies and Buddhist art. He has developed important theories in the area of hermeneutical philosophy and its application to knowledge production and cross-cultural understanding. Snodgrass is co-editor of the journal "Architectural Theory Review" and Editor of "Architectural Theory". He is an Honorary Life Member of The Asian Arts Society of Australia (TAASA); President of the Australasian Association for Buddhist Studies (AABS); Research Associate in the Faculty of Architecture, Design and Planning in The University of Sydney; Senior Research Fellow in the School of Languages and Cultures at the same university; and Adjunct Professor in the Centre for Cultural Research at the University of Western Sydney. His son, also called Adrian Snodgrass, is a renowned actor and social justice lawyer.
Works.
Snodgrass is renowned for several influential books on Asian art and symbolism, and for work developing the theme of hermeneutics in relation to architectural design. His scholarship draws substantially on the work of Martin Heidegger, Hans-Georg Gadamer and numerous Japanese and Indian Scholars to demonstrate that for us one of the chief values of historical study, and the study of cultures other than our own, resides in our encounter with their "otherness":
Asian Studies should aim not only to provide a knowledge of language, factual information and skills in critical analysis, but 
also to foster in a learning and research community the dialectics of interpretation, in which what is alien in the text of the other becomes the 
starting point for a process of questioning the horizons of our own prejudicial world in the hope of expanding and transforming them.

</doc>
<doc id="18408394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408394" title="Arquímedes Arrieta">
Arquímedes Arrieta

Arquímedes Arrieta (born May 1, 1918) is an Uruguayan boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the featherweight class after losing his fight to John Treadaway.

</doc>
<doc id="18408397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408397" title="Ersatz (disambiguation)">
Ersatz (disambiguation)

Ersatz is a German loanword in English which refers to substitutes of an inferior quality.
Ersatz may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18408430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408430" title="Bible translations into Swedish">
Bible translations into Swedish

Several Swedish Bible translations have been made over the centuries. Until the Reformation, a Latin Bible was used, but Gustav Vasa, who converted Sweden to Lutheran Protestantism, ordered the first translation into the Swedish tongue.
Several translations have been made since then, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18408436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408436" title="DC15">
DC15

DC15 may refer to :
DC-15 may rfer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18408457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408457" title="Fritillaria graeca">
Fritillaria graeca

Fritillaria graeca is a plant еndemic to the Balkans. It is native to Albania, Bulgaria and Greece. It is a member of the lily family. Its blooms has red and white stripes and looks much like small bells - one on each stem. It blooms between April and May. It reaches a high of around 25 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="18408461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408461" title="Osvaldo Alonso">
Osvaldo Alonso

Osvaldo Alonso Moreno (born November 11, 1985 in San Cristóbal) nicknamed "Honey Badger" by fans for his tenacious playstyle, is a Cuban-American footballer who currently plays for Seattle Sounders FC in Major League Soccer. Known for his style of harassing, tackling and covering the field, he gets forward to supply enough offense to be considered a threat.
Career.
Professional.
Alonso began his career with Pinar del Río in his homeland, after which he defected to the United States in June 2007. Alonso trained with Chivas USA, and was offered a $12,900 developmental contract with the team. Eventually, Alonso opted to sign with Charleston Battery on the theory he would get more playing time on a USL First Division team. He impressed early after a strong outing the preseason Carolina Challenge Cup 2008., and ultimately enjoyed an impressive rookie season in which he started 31 games for the Battery and scored 7 goals. He was named 2008 team MVP and Newcomer of the Year on fan votes, the team's Player's Player of the Year by a team vote, and the USL-1 Rookie of the Year by league coach and GM vote.
Seattle Sounders FC.
He was signed by Seattle Sounders FC in 2008 where he quickly became a regular starter at defensive midfield.
The 2009 MLS Season: Tenacious ballwinner, starting 28 of 29 appearances in regular season and playoffs. Played the full 90 minutes in 26 games, and all 210 minutes in both playoff games vs. HOU (10/29, 11/8). After missing three matches with quadriceps strain, returned to score on long-range blast vs. DC (6/17). Finished with one goal and three assists. All three assists came during first two matches. Appeared in two U.S. Open Cup games, including 90 minutes in the final.
In February 2011, Alonso signed a contract extension with Seattle through the 2014 season.
Osvaldo Alonso in 2010: Returned from injury to help Seattle post the league's best record in the second half of the season. Started 23 of 25 appearances in regular season and playoffs, matching his 2009 totals with one goal and three assists. Scored the game-winner vs. CHV (10/15). Missed eight games due to a quadriceps strain (5/8) and returned vs. DAL (7/11). Seattle was 11-3-5 in regular season matches when he played at least 45 minutes. Also appeared in two U.S. Open Cup and five CONCACAF Champions League matches
2011: Workhorse of team, led field players with 33 appearances and 2891 minutes (ranked 12th among field players in MLS). Played full 90 minutes in each of his 32 MLS starts. Scored career-high three goals and matched his high with three assists. Scored game-winner at POR (7/10) by converting his first career penalty. Second on team with 54 shots. Selected as MLS All-Star for first time. Scored both goals in 2-2 draw at Comunicaciones (9/27) in CCL Group Stage match. Named U.S. Open Cup Player of the Round for his performance in the final (added late goal in 2-0 win over Chicago). Made 43 appearances and 40 starts across all competitions.
Alonso played 56 minutes in a 3-2 win over Chesea in the 2012 MLS All-Star Game.
2012: Named to MLS Best XI for first time in four-year career after a stellar season in midfield, leading the team with 30 starts. Compiled a team-high 2,688 minutes in regular season play, the second-highest total by field player in franchise history behind his 2011 total. Named MLS All-Star for the second straight season and voted team MVP for the third straight year. His lone goal of the season came on a 65th minute game- winner at COL (7/28) when he volleyed a 12-yard shot into the back of the net. Named 2012 U.S. Open Cup Player of the Tournament after scoring four goals and two assists in four games, including the winner vs. ATL (5/30) and a 30-yard volley vs. CAL FC (6/5). Totaled five goals and five assists while leading the team with 42 starts and 3,749 minutes across all competitions.
In 2013, Alonso was named an inactive MLS All-Star. Earning his third All-Star selection in his five-year MLS career being voted team MVP in 2010 & 2011.
International.
Alonso served as captain of the Cuba U-23 national team during qualification for the men's football tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He made his debut for the senior Cuban national team in a Caribbean Nations Cup 2006-07 match against the Turks & Caicos Islands in September 2006. During his time with the Cuban national team he earned 17 caps, scoring two goals. His final appearance for the national team was at the 2007 CONCACAF Gold Cup in June 2007 against Panama. He defected to the United States, walking away from his team in a Houston area Wal-Mart during the Gold Cup Tournament.
On June 19, 2012, Alonso became a citizen of the United States of America and he stated that he would like to play for the United States national team despite playing for Cuba in the past.
Alonso has not been called up to the Cuban national team since he defected to the United States in June 2007. The FIFA statutes state that:
"If a Player who has been fielded by his Association in an international match in accordance with art. 5 par. 2 permanently loses the nationality of that country without his consent or against his will due to a decision by a government authority, he may request permission to play for another Association whose nationality he already has or has acquired."
Defection to the United States.
Alonso defected from Cuba while the team was in Houston, Texas to face the Honduran team. Another Cuban teammate, Lester Moré, defected to the United States during the team's same trip to the United States. Alonso was with teammates at a Wal-Mart when he went off by himself while browsing through merchandise and then left the store. Alonso walked several blocks from the store until he found a man who spoke Spanish and borrowed a cell phone to call a friend in Miami, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="18408462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408462" title="Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009">
Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009

The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 (, ) is a federal statute in the United States that was the first bill signed into law by President Barack Obama on January 29, 2009. The Act amends the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The new act states that the 180-day statute of limitations for filing an equal-pay lawsuit regarding pay discrimination resets with each new paycheck affected by that discriminatory action. The law directly addressed "Ledbetter v. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.", , a U.S. Supreme Court decision that the statute of limitations for presenting an equal-pay lawsuit begins on the date that the employer makes the initial discriminatory wage decision, not at the date of the most recent paycheck.
An earlier bill seeking to supersede the Ledbetter decision, also called the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, was first introduced in the 110th United States Congress but was not successfully enacted at that time, as it was passed by the House but failed in the Senate. 
During the campaign for the 2008 elections, the Democrats criticized Republicans for defeating the 2007 version of the bill, citing Republican presidential candidate John McCain's opposition to the bill and candidate Barack Obama's support.
Court rulings.
The antecedents of the case were posed when Lilly Ledbetter, a production supervisor at a Goodyear tire plant in Alabama, filed an equal-pay lawsuit regarding pay discrimination under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, six months before her early retirement in 1998. The courts gave opposite verdicts, first supporting the complainant and later opposing; in conclusion the complaint brought the case to the attention of the Supreme Court. The latter ruled in 2007 by a 5-4 majority vote that Ledbetter's complaint was time-barred because the discriminatory decisions relating to pay had been made more than 180 days prior to the date she filed her charge, as explained by Justice Samuel Alito. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg's dissenting opinion proposed an interpretation according to which the law runs from the date of any paycheck that contains an amount affected by a prior discriminatory pay decision.
The "Ledbetter" decision was cited by federal judges in 300 cases before the LLFPA was passed. These cases involved not only Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, but also the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Fair Housing Act, Patsy T. Mink Equal Opportunity in Education Act and Eighth Amendment to the Constitution.
Among the first to criticize the Court's decision that Ledbetter's complaint was time-barred was Marcia Greenberger, president of the National Women's Law Center, that saw in the ruling a "setback for women and a setback for civil rights" and called Ginsburg's opinion a "clarion call to the American people that this slim majority of the court is headed in the wrong direction." Debra L. Ness, president of the National Partnership for Women & Families, also condemned the decision, saying, “If employers can keep the discrimination hidden for a period of time, they can continue to discriminate without being held accountable.” On the other side, the majority's findings were applauded by the US Chamber of Commerce, that called it a "fair decision" that "eliminates a potential wind-fall against employers by employees trying to dredge up stale pay claims."
The Bill.
The House Democrats were fast to react, coming out on June 12 against the Supreme Court. Claiming lead from Justice Ruth Ginsburg's dissenting opinion, which invited the Congress to take action by amending the law, the Democrats announced their intention to intervene: House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer and Education and Labor Committee Chairman George Miller said that a bill was to be passed to avoid future court rulings in line with "Ledbetter", clearly putting that "a key provision of the legislation will make it clear that discrimination occurs not just when the decision to discriminate is made, but also when someone becomes subject to that discriminatory decision, and when they are affected by that discriminatory decision, including each time they are issued a discriminatory paycheck", as said by Rep. Miller.
Republicans immediately opposed the bill as drafted, with Education and Labor Committee ranking member Howard McKeon raising the issue that business executives would be held liable for actions taken by managers who weren't leading the company anymore: "At the end of the day, such a loophole conceivably could allow a retiring employee to seek damages against a company now led by executives who had nothing to do with the initial act of discrimination".
The American Bar Association passed a resolution supporting the new bill. Neal Mollen, who represented the United States Chamber of Commerce in the Ledbetter case, argued that extending the term limit would put a strain on the chances of an adequate defense for the employers, as to defend themselves one "has to rely on documents and the memory of individuals, and neither of those is permanent. If a disappointed employee can wait for many years before raising a claim of discrimination ... he or she can wait out the employer, that is ensure that the employer effectively unable to offer any meaningful defense to the claim".
Organizations that supported the bill include the:
American Civil Liberties Union, AFL-CIO, American Federation of Teachers, National Education Association, American Rights at Work, American Library Association, People For the American Way, Leadership Conference on Civil Rights, National Employment Lawyers Association, Hadassah, National Women's Law Center, National Network to End Domestic Violence, Center for Inquiry - Washington DC
American Association of University Women, Alliance for Justice, Legal Momentum, Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, National Partnership for Women and Families, Coalition of Labor Union Women, Moms Rising, National Organization for Women, American Association of Retired Persons, Women's Voices, Women Vote Action Fund, 21st Century Democrats, 9to5, National Association of Working Women, the Service Employees International Union, the Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism, and Women Employed.
Organizations that opposed the bill include the:
U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Eagle Forum, Society for Human Resource Management, National Association of Manufacturers, American Bakers Association, College and University Professional Association for Human Resources, Associated Builders and Contractors, and American Hotel & Lodging Association.
Legislative history.
The bill ( and ) was defeated in April 2008 by Republicans in the Senate who cited the possibility of frivolous lawsuits in their opposition of the bill and criticized Democrats for refusing to allow compromises.
The bill was re-introduced in the 111th Congress (as and ) in January 2009. It passed in the House of Representatives with 250 votes in support and 177 against. The vote was split along party lines, with three Republicans voting in favor (Ed Whitfield of Kentucky, and Leonard Lance and Chris Smith both of New Jersey) and five Democrats voting against (Travis Childers of Mississippi, Dan Boren of Oklahoma, Allen Boyd of Florida, Parker Griffith of Alabama, and Bobby Bright of Alabama).
The Senate voted 72 to 23 to invoke cloture on S. 181 on January 15, 2009. The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act passed the Senate, 61-36, on January 22, 2009. Those in favor included every Democratic senator (except Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts, who was absent from the vote because of health issues), two independents who caucused with Democrats, and five Republican senators - Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania, Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe of Maine, Kay Bailey Hutchison of Texas, and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska. Specter later switch to the Democrats; the others include all female Republican Senators.
President Obama actively supported the bill. The official White House blog said:
President Obama has long championed this bill and Lilly Ledbetter's cause, and by signing it into law, he will ensure that women like Ms. Ledbetter and other victims of pay discrimination can effectively challenge unequal pay.
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer announced that the House would vote on S.181 (the bill passed by the Senate) during the week of January 26, getting the bill to President Obama's desk sooner rather than later. On January 27, the House passed S.181 by a 250-177 margin. 
On January 29, 2009, Obama signed the bill into law. It was the first act he signed as president, and it fulfilled his campaign pledge to nullify "Ledbetter v. Goodyear". However, by signing it only two days after it was passed by the House, he incurred criticism by newspapers, such as the "St. Petersburg Times" which mentioned his campaign promise to give the public five days of notice to comment on legislation before he signed it. The White House through a spokesman answered that they would be "implementing this policy in full soon", and that currently they were "working through implementation procedures and some initial issues with the congressional calendar".

</doc>
<doc id="18408464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408464" title="Democratic Party (South Korea, 2008)">
Democratic Party (South Korea, 2008)

The Democratic Party ( ) was a liberal political party in South Korea. Since its foundation in 2008, it was the main opposition in the 18th Assembly. In late 2011, it merged into the Democratic United Party.
History.
The party was originally formed as the Uri Party ("Yeollin Uri-dang") when loyalists to president Roh Moo-hyun in the Millennium Democratic Party chose to break ranks from other party members who showed lukewarm support for the administration. Some 42 out of 103 lawmakers of the Millennium Democratic Party joined the new party, and 5 lawmakers from the Grand National Party also joined, seeking to complete political reforms. As a result of the 2004 Parliamentary election, the party achieved its first nationwide majority in the legislature by winning 152 of 299 seats. 
On August 18, 2007, the delegates of the Uri Party decided to disband the party and merge with the newly created liberal party called the United New Democratic Party ("Daetonghap Minjusin-dang"). After a year, the United New Democratic Party once again merged back with the Democratic Party previously known as the Millennium Democratic Party on February 17, 2008 to form the United Democratic Party ("Tonghap Minjudang"). On July 2008 the party had changed its name to the Democratic Party.
In local elections 2010, Democratic Party (DP) scored a victory in eight mayoral and gubernatorial posts, including the Inchon mayorship.
On December 16th, 2011, the DP merged with the minor Citizens Unity Party to form the Democratic United Party. The Korean Confederation of Trade Unions also participated in the forming.

</doc>
<doc id="18408466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408466" title="Chaklala, Rawalpindi">
Chaklala, Rawalpindi

Chaklala is a major populated area of the city of Rawalpindi in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is located at 33°36'0N 73°6'0E with an altitude of 487 metres (1601 feet).
It is situated astride the Airport road, to the east of Grand Trunk Road on the main railway line and also has a railway station of its own.
The area also has modern housing schemes (Chaklala Schemes I, II, III, Askari VIII and Askari IX) with a rapidly diminishing rural area.
Demography.
Chaklala has a population of around 150,000. The major ethnic groups of the area are Punjab and Pothohari, the remaining are mainly Urdu speaking Mohajirs, Kashmiris and Pathan. 
Army.
It is home to a Pakistan Army garrison and a Pakistan Air Force base, along with associated unit HQs, depots and workshops, most of them present since the British era. 
An important air base of the Pakistan Air Force, the Chaklala Airbase is also located here, and houses a permanent US military presence. The headquarters of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee, Pakistan are located in the high-security Pakistan Army garrison.
Transportation.
Roads.
Grand Trunk Road (N-5)
Grand Trunk Road passes through the area. 
Airport road
This major route connects the area with the city center of Rawalpindi and provides a route to the capital city of Islamabad. It extends from the Ammar Shaheed Chowk R/A to the Karaal Chowk/Koraal Chowk Intersection. The Benazir Bhutto International Airport and the adjacent Pakistan Air Force Base Chaklala are located along this road. It is a modern six-lane road. A fly-over was constructed in 2009 to reduce the load of traffic at the busiest section of the road, closer to the Ammar Shaheed Chowk R/A. The route serves as the main artery connecting the twin cities of Rawalpindi and Islamabad.
Rawal road
It runs along the western perimeter of the Benazir Bhutto International Airport. It connects the busy traffic arteries of Murree Road and Airport Road. It is a four-lane road.
Railway.
Main Line railway line of Pakistan Railways passes through the area. The area has a railway station, the Chaklala Railway Station. An associated strategic dry port, the Chaklala Dry Port, handles cargo trains.
Air.
Benazir Bhutto International Airport is an important landmark of the area. 
Pakistan Television Corporation.
Pakistan Television Corporation's Islamabad's centre was initially set up in Chaklala before it was shifted to its present location in Islamabad.

</doc>
<doc id="18408478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408478" title="FC Solothurn">
FC Solothurn

FC Solothurn is a Swiss football club based in Solothurn. The club has played in Nationalliga B (2nd level), and currently plays at 1. Liga (Group 2) (3rd level).
History.
From season 1925/26 to 1930/31, when a new system got introduced, FC Solothurn played in the highest football league in Switzerland.
The former manager of Grasshopper Club Zürich, Hanspeter Latour, managed FC Solothurn for 13 years in 1983-1996. In the season 1997/1998 the club reaches the Promotion Group to the Nationalliga A and misses the promotion by one point. 2001 the club was on the last place in the Nationalliga B and was relegated to the 1. Liga, where it plays since then.

</doc>
<doc id="18408491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408491" title="Maysville, Kentucky micropolitan area">
Maysville, Kentucky micropolitan area

The Maysville Micropolitan Statistical Area (μSA), as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in Kentucky, anchored by the city of Maysville. As of the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 30,892 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 31,130).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 30,892 people, 12,269 households, and 8,747 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 94.55% White, 3.99% African American, 0.18% Native American, 0.21% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.35% from other races, and 0.71% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.72% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $26,202, and the median income for a family was $31,683. Males had a median income of $26,145 versus $19,990 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $14,310.

</doc>
<doc id="18408500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408500" title="Hilly Michaels">
Hilly Michaels

Hilly Michaels, also known as Hilly Boy Michaels is an American drummer and musician, best known for playing drums with Sparks in the 1970s.
Biography.
Hilly Michaels, also known as Hilly Boy Michaels (born Michael Hillman in New Haven, Connecticut) is an American drummer and musician, best known for playing drums with Sparks in the 1970s and his two solo albums from the early 1980s, "Calling All Girls" (1980) and "Lumia" (1981). Hilly Michaels was a New York based session drummer, who performed on the Sparks “Big Beat” album in 1976, which was produced by Rupert Holmes. Michaels was the only session musician to go on the North American tour with Ron Mael and Russell Mael of the Sparks.
History.
His first music experience came with playing in a band called Joy, featuring a young Michael Bolton. Later Michaels played with artists such as The Cherry Vanilla Band, Sparks, Ellen Foley, The Hunter/Ronson Band, Dan Hartman, John Mellencamp, Marianne Faithfull and Ronnie Wood.
In 1979, Jake Hooker worked with Hilly Michaels to capture a million dollar deal with Warner Bros. Records and a MTV video to promote "Calling All Girls" in 1980 with Roy Thomas Baker as the producer.
He was in a relationship with Marianne Faithfull during the mid-1980s when they lived together in NYC, from where in 1985 Faithfull entered the Hazelden Foundation to end her heroin addiction.
Michaels' songs can be heard in the movies Caddyshack and Die Laughing. In the movie Rollercoaster he appeared with Sparks performing the songs "Big Boy" and "Fill'er Up".
He has since worked as producer and manager of marketing and development. He currently resides in Connecticut and continues to record.

</doc>
<doc id="18408523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408523" title="Akiko Toda">
Akiko Toda


</doc>
<doc id="18408531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408531" title="Stenders">
Stenders

Stenders is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18408534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408534" title="Andy Kelly (rugby league)">
Andy Kelly (rugby league)

Andy Kelly () is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and '90s, and rugby league coach, playing at representative level for England, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity (twice), Hull Kingston Rovers, and Illawarra Steelers, as a , and coaching at representative level for Ireland, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity, Gateshead Thunder, Featherstone Rovers, and Dewsbury Rams.
Playing career.
International honours.
Andy Kelly won a cap for England while at Wakefield Trinity in 1984 against Wales.
Coaching career.
He is the former head coach of the Ireland national rugby league team having coached them for over 11 years. He is the former coach of Dewsbury Rams, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Featherstone and Gateshead.
Genealogical information.
Andy Kelly is one of three brothers to have played professional Rugby League; Neil Kelly played for Wakefield Trinity, Dewsbury Rams, Hunslet and Featherstone Rovers, and Richard Kelly (rugby league) played for Wakefield Trinity and Dewsbury Rams during the 1980s & 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18408540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408540" title="Out of the Afternoon">
Out of the Afternoon

Out of the Afternoon is an album by jazz drummer Roy Haynes, released in 1962 on Impulse! Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18408582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408582" title="No Place to be Somebody">
No Place to be Somebody

No Place to be Somebody is a 1969 play written by American playwright Charles Gordone.
It was during his employment as a bartender in Greenwich Village that Gordone found the inspiration for his first major work, "No Place to be Somebody," for which he received the 1970 Pulitzer Prize for Drama. Gordone's Pulitzer signified two "firsts": he was the first African American playwright to receive a Pulitzer, and "No Place to be Somebody" was the first off-Broadway play to receive the award.
Written over the course of seven years, the play explores racial tensions in a Civil Rights-era story about a black bartender who tries to outsmart a white mobster syndicate. In his final speech, in June 1995, delivered at the Museum of the American West in Los Angeles, Gordone described the play as being "about country folk who had migrated to the big city, seeking the urban myth of success, only to find disappointment, despair, and death." After an experimental production directed by Gordone, in November 1967, the play was produced in a showcase of three weekends at The Other Stage in Joe Papp's Public Theater in South Manhattan by director Edward Cornell. The play was then launched on May 4, 1969 by Joseph Papp on a 248-performance run at the New York Shakespeare Festival's Public Theater, followed by an acclaimed limited engagement at Broadway's ANTA Theatre. The play's run (at New York's ANTA Playhouse) lasted 15 performances, followed by three national touring companies from 1970 to 1977, all of which Gordone directed.
The play was revived in 1987 at "The Matrix Theatre Company" in Los Angeles, California in an adaptation directed by Bill Duke and starring one of the original cast from the play's initial 1969 run, Ron Thompson, in the role of Shanty Mulligan.

</doc>
<doc id="18408583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408583" title="Hereafter (disambiguation)">
Hereafter (disambiguation)

The hereafter or afterlife is the continuation of the soul, spirit, or mind after physical death.
Hereafter may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18408596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408596" title="Yugoslav Muslim People's Organization">
Yugoslav Muslim People's Organization

Yugoslav Muslim People's Organization () was a Bosnian Muslim political party in the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. It was founded in 1922 by initiative of the Serbian governing parties, substituting the Yugoslav Muslim Organization as their Bosnian ally. JMNO did however fail to overtake the leading role amongst Bosnian Muslims from JMO. 

</doc>
<doc id="18408600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408600" title="Sajiro Miyama">
Sajiro Miyama

Sajiro Miyama (; born January 20, 1917) is a Japanese boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the featherweight class after losing his fight to Arquímedes Arrieta.

</doc>
<doc id="18408605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408605" title="Mikhail Ogonkov">
Mikhail Ogonkov

Mikhail Pavlovich Ogonkov (; 24 June 1932 in Moscow - 14 August 1979, Moscow) was a Russian footballer of the 1950s and 1960s.
Ogonkov was a member of the USSR team that won the 1956 Olympic gold medal. His main attributes were his positioning, exceptional fitness and strong tackling.
In 1958 he was arrested, along with Eduard Streltsov and Boris Tatushin, over an alleged rape. The resulting indefinite ban later reduced to three-year ban from football deprived him of playing at his peak. Soon after his return from suspension in 1961 he was badly injured (his kidney was removed) and forced to retire from playing football. He then worked as a children coach in Spartak Moscow.
In 1979 his dead body was found in his Moscow apartment apparently two weeks after the death. The cause of the death was not properly investigated although murder was rumored.

</doc>
<doc id="18408622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408622" title="Bulles (album)">
Bulles (album)

Bulles is an album by French singer-songwriter Michel Polnareff released in 1981.<br>
With this album, the singer found more success, as it sold 800,000 copies. "Radio", "Je t'aime", and "Tam-Tam" were put into heavy rotation on French radio stations. Although mostly rock-oriented, Polnareff maintains his personality lyrically and musically.
In 2001, the album was re-issued by Universal-Polygram.
Track listing.
Music by Michel Polnareff, lyrics by Michel Polnareff and J.P. Dréau.
Side A
Side B 
Production.
Recorded at studios Snake Ranch, Nova, Marcus Music.

</doc>
<doc id="18408623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408623" title="Henry Davis Sleeper">
Henry Davis Sleeper

Henry Davis Sleeper (1878-1934) was a nationally-noted antiquarian, collector, and interior decorator. He was born March 27, 1878, in Boston to Major Jacob Henry Sleeper, a distinguished Civil War veteran and Maria Westcott Sleeper, their youngest son after Jacob and Stephen. He was grandson of Jacob Sleeper, one of the founders of Boston University as well as a clothier and manager of a real estate trust. Henry's education appears to have been by private tutors due to ill health as a child. No record of formal higher education has come to light.
Henry Sleeper was introduced to the Eastern Point in Gloucester, Massachusetts in the spring of 1906 by the Harvard economist A. Piatt Andrew who had built a handsome summer mansion, Red Roof, on a rock ledge above the harbor. Sleeper was much taken by the location and immediately decided to build a little further along the ledge from Red Roof. Eastern Point was an enclave occupied by a somewhat louche group of "Bohemian" artists and intellectuals with frequent visits from some of the more colorful and unconventional members of Boston Society, in particular Isabella Stewart Gardner, the legendary art collector and builder of Fenway Court in the Back Bay Fens, now the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. The group became known as Dabsville, DABS containing the initials of the core members .
Construction of Beauport, Sleeper's relatively modestly scaled Arts and Crafts-style house began in the fall of 1907 and was sufficiently finished to receive A. Piatt Andrew as a house guest in May 1908.
As property flanking Sleeper's became available, Beauport was expanded several times until 1925, often in response to events or important experiences in his life. The house was now not only a home but a major showcase for Sleeper's interior design and decoration business. Clients could choose wallpapers, window treatments, or entire rooms to have reproduced in their own houses. Sleeper had a specialty in "Puritan Revival," the Jacobean-American architecture and decorative arts of the original American colonies, but his tastes and interests included French decor of several centuries and a great deal of orientalia.
Sleeper became the U.S. Representative, and a major fundraiser for the American Field Service, an ambulance corps founded by A. Piatt Andrew early during World War I. While Andrew served in the battle zones, Sleeper criss crossed the Atlantic with supplies and funds, and worked closely with the French Military. France awarded him the Croix de Guerre and the Legion of Honor.
After the War, Sleeper's practice expanded and he won national recognition via prestigious periodicals and several high-visibility clients. Isabella Stewart Gardner commissined work from him; Henry Francis du Pont engaged his assistance with the big new wing of the family's massive Delaware house, Winterthur, now a famed museum of American decorative arts; he designed for Hollywood stars Joan Crawford and Fredric March. In May 1934 he was granted an Honorary Membership in the American Institute of Architects.
Henry Davis Sleeper died in Massachusetts General Hospital of leukemia on September 22, 1934 and is buried in his family's plot in Mount Auburn Cemetery located in Watertown and Cambridge, Massachusetts. A. Piatt Andrew wrote the memorial tribute published in the "Gloucester Daily Times".
A gay man, some source say that Sleeper was in a relationship with Andrew. Others state that the two were just friends
Sleeper had never married and left no direct descendants. Beauport passed to his brother Stephen whose real estate income was unequal to Henry's debts. Beauport was sold to Helena Woolworth McCann who was contacted by Henry Francis Du Pont urging that Sleeper's rooms remain exactly as they were as the value of the house and its collection of art objects depended primarily on their being left unchanged. Mrs McCann preserved the house as it was; at her death, the house was inherited by her daughters from whose hands it passed into the care of Historic New England in 1942.
Henry Davis Sleeper was sufficiently prominent that Beauport, Sleeper-McCann House, was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18408631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408631" title="Karl Zurflüh">
Karl Zurflüh

Karl Zurflüh (January 26, 1913 – October 1962) was a Swiss boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the featherweight class after losing his fight to Remi Lescrauwaet.

</doc>
<doc id="18408650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408650" title="All the Way Home (play)">
All the Way Home (play)

All the Way Home is a 1960 play written by American playwright Tad Mosel, adapted from the 1957 James Agee novel, "A Death in the Family". Both authors received the Pulitzer Prize for their separate works.

</doc>
<doc id="18408654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408654" title="Khalil Amira El-Maghrabi">
Khalil Amira El-Maghrabi

Khalil Amira El-Maghrabi (born January 1, 1914) is an Egyptian boxer. He competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Career.
In 1936, El-Maghrabi was eliminated in the first round of the featherweight class, after having lost his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Josef Miner.

</doc>
<doc id="18408658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408658" title="All the Way Home">
All the Way Home

All the Way Home may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18408660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408660" title="Life after death (disambiguation)">
Life after death (disambiguation)

Life after death is the survival of the essence of an individual once the body of this world has died.
Life after death may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18408664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408664" title="One Grain of Sand">
One Grain of Sand

One Grain of Sand is an album by American folk singer Odetta, first released in 1963. It was re-released on CD in 1997.
Track listing.
All songs Traditional unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18408667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408667" title="Portrait of the Artist as a Young Bunny">
Portrait of the Artist as a Young Bunny

Portrait of the Artist as a Young Bunny is a Warner Bros. cartoon starring Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd, with cameo appearances by Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner. The cartoon was part of the television special "Bugs Bunny's Bustin' Out All Over", which aired May 21, 1980.
"Portrait of the Artist as a Young Bunny" is one of four Bugs Bunny cartoons produced during 1979-1980, the first new shorts since 1964's "False Hare".
Plot.
On the last day of school, children emerge from a one-room schoolhouse, gushing with joy about summer vacation. Bugs Bunny separately shares this enthusiasm but then quickly realizes how silly this is. While wondering how absurd all this is aloud, he crashes into a tree and falls unconscious.
In a dream sequence, a young Bugs (styled and sharing the same mannerisms as Bugs' nephew Clyde) is excited about a school-free summer when he runs into a young Elmer Fudd. The youthful Bugs and Elmer reprise many of the classic Bugs-Elmer cartoon scenes, including the "death scene" and Bugs threatening to report juvenile Elmer to the authorities. At one point, Elmer is about to fall from a cliff, but doesn't fall because he hasn't "studied gravity yet." Later, Bugs leaves a book about gravity where Elmer will find it. Elmer reads it and the next time he steps off a cliff he falls, prompting him to adopt ignorance as his motto. During the fall, Wile E. Coyote appears and asks him to move over and leave falling to people who know how to do it.
In the end, Elmer obtains a machine gun (which actually fires corks) and shoots Bugs repeatedly after he crashes into a tree. The dream ends, and the adult Bugs - conscious and apparently never having felt the effects of his own injury - remarks about how he and Elmer probably were "the youngest people to ever start chasing each other." Of course, Bugs could be wrong - a young Wile E. Coyote runs by, chasing an unhatched Road Runner.

</doc>
<doc id="18408669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408669" title="Calling All Girls (album)">
Calling All Girls (album)

Calling All Girls is Hilly Michaels' solo debut, and was released on Warner Bros. Records in 1980.
Track listing.
Side one
Side two

</doc>
<doc id="18408674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408674" title="José Flores">
José Flores

José Flores may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18408677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408677" title="Hans Wiltschek">
Hans Wiltschek

Hans Wiltschek (born December 15, 1911) is an Austrian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the featherweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Charles Catterall.

</doc>
<doc id="18408688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408688" title="Michael Borgstede">
Michael Borgstede

Michael Borgstede (born December 27, 1976 at Thuine in Lower Saxony), is a German harpsichordist and organist. Most unusually, he is also a journalist of some standing, being Middle East correspondent for the Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung. He resides in Tel Aviv.
While still a student at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague he won the Ben Weber Award and the York Early Music Competition. He has since appeared with the early-music group Musica ad Rhenum as well as a soloist throughout the world.
He is a popular recording artist and a published author: "Leben in Israel: Alltag im Ausnahmezustand." Herbig, München 2008, ISBN 978-3-7766-2553-0, on the ethnic diversity of Israeli society.

</doc>
<doc id="18408690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408690" title="Anatoli Bashashkin">
Anatoli Bashashkin

Anatoli Vasilievich Bashashkin (; 23 February 1924, Reutovo, Moscow Governorate, Russia – 27 July 2002, Moscow, Russia) was a Russian footballer in the 1940s and 1950s and a football coach later. He played as a central defender.
He was captain of the Soviet Union at the 1952 Olympics, but following their politically embarrassing defeat to Yugoslavia he was stripped of the captaincy.
In 1947–1953 Bashashkin was a member of the CDKA team that won four domestic titles in the 1940s and earlier 1950s (1947, 1948, 1950, 1951), but following the 1952 Olympics the team was disbanded by Joseph Stalin. After that he moved to Spartak Moscow in 1953. After Stalin's death he returned to CDKA (renamed CDSA at that time) in 1954 and played there until 1958. Bashashkin was part of the USSR team which won the 1956 Olympic football title. He won USSR Gold medals five times (four times with CDKA in 1947, 1948, 1950, 1951 and once with Spartak in 1953) and Soviet Cup three times (1948, 1951, 1955).
He was noted for his ability on the ball, physical strength and his long-range passing, which started countless counterattacks.
After retirement from football Bashashkin graduated from the Military Academy of Armored Forces and served in Ukraine as a tank military officer of the Soviet Army. Later he returned to football as a coach.
Bashahkin was the main coach of FC Pakhtakor Tashkent in 1976 and he was an assistant coach (under Konstantin Beskov) of FC Spartak Moscow in 1981. According to journalist Pavel Alyoshin, Bashashkin was not very successful as a coach, spending much time telling the players of the 1970s and 80s how inferior they were compared to the footballers of the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="18408724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408724" title="Sabino Islas">
Sabino Islas

Sabino Islas Jiménez (born December 30, 1917, date of death unknown) was a Mexican boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the featherweight class after losing his fight to Jan Nicolaas.
He died in Mexico City.

</doc>
<doc id="18408727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408727" title="Southern Maori">
Southern Maori

Southern Maori was one of the four original New Zealand parliamentary Māori electorates, from 1868 to 1996.
Population centres.
From its initial definition of the Maori electorates in 1867 to the 1954 Maori electoral boundary redefinition, the Southern Maori electorate covered the entire South Island plus it included Stewart Island. It did not include the Chatham Islands, which did not belong to any Maori electorate until after a change to the "Legislative Act" and from the , the Chatham Islands belonged to the Western Maori electorate. The 1954 redefinition responded to the fact that the Southern Maori electorate had a much lower voter base than the three other Maori electorates, and this was responded to by adding the south-eastern part of the North Island to the Southern Maori electorate. Population centres that came to the electorate through this measure included Wellington, Masterton, Palmerston North, Napier, and Wairoa. These changes became effective with the .
The next redistribution of Maori electoral boundaries was carried out in 1983, just after the responsibility for doing so had been transferred to the Representation Commission. The North Island boundaries of the Southern Maori electorate were adjusted, and Palmerston North transferred to the Western Maori electorate in that process. These boundaries were used in the . Further boundary adjustments were undertaken in 1987, which became operative with the .
Tribal areas.
Ngāi Tahu is the dominant tribe within the area covered by the electorate.
History.
The Southern Maori electorate included the whole of the South Island to 1954, but its population was less than that of the other Māori electorates. In 1954 the boundaries were extended to include much of the East Coast of the North Island up to Napier and Wairoa in Hawkes Bay.
The first member of parliament for the new Māori electorate of Southern Maori from 1868 was John Patterson; he retired in 1870.
In 1932, Eruera Tirikatene won the electorate in a by-election and became the first Rātana MP; and then a Labour MP following the Labour-Ratana pact. When he died in 1967 his daughter Whetu Tirikatene-Sullivan took over the seat in a 1967 by-election.
In 1996 with MMP, the Te Tai Tonga electorate covering the South Island took over the major part of the Southern Maori electorate. Whetu Tirikatene-Sullivan who had held the Southern Maori electorate for many years narrowly lost the new seat to Tu Wyllie of New Zealand First and retired from politics.
Members of Parliament.
The Southern Maori electorate was represented by ten Members of Parliament:
Key

</doc>
<doc id="18408743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408743" title="Coggabata">
Coggabata

Coggabata, or Congavata / Concavata, (with the modern name of Drumburgh) was a Roman fort on Hadrian's Wall, between Aballava (Burgh by Sands) to the east and Mais (Bowness on Solway) to the west. It was built on a hill commanding views over the flatter land to the east and west and to the shore of the Solway Firth to the north. Its purpose was to guard the southern end of two important Solway fords, the Stonewath and the Sandwath.
The Notitia Dignitatum gives the name of the fort as 'Congavata', but the Rudge Cup gives the name as 'Coggabata'.
Description.
The fort was an oblong and built of stone, with the Wall running along its northern side, and measured north to south by east to west, occupying an area of just less than . The Wall at this point is nine feet seven inches wide, and is made of stone. It was constructed on the foundations of the levelled Turf Wall. There were gates on each side, with the north gate giving access beyond the wall.
Two miles south of the fort a Roman road was uncovered linking the western end of the Stanegate to Kirkbride to the west.
There is a manor house, Drumburgh Castle, lying across the line of the north wall of the fort, built entirely of Roman stones.
Garrison.
The Notitia Dignitatum gives the garrison as the Second Cohort of Lingones but only a detachment could be accommodated in such a small fort.
Excavations.
The site was excavated in 1899, when the stone fort was revealed. A buttressed granary was found within the north-west angle of the fort.
Excavations in 1947 revealed that the stone fort was built within a slightly larger fort with levelled clay ramparts. It is presumed that the earthwork fort had been added to the turf Wall, and that the stone fort replaced it when the turf Wall was re-built in stone. This would date the stone fort at about 160 A.D.
No sign of a vicus has yet been detected near to the fort.

</doc>
<doc id="18408751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408751" title="1987 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1987 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1987 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1987年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1987 for the 1986 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1987 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18408769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408769" title="Scientific Perspectives on Divine Action">
Scientific Perspectives on Divine Action

Scientific Perspectives on Divine Action is a five volume set that represents more than a decade of scientific-theological conferences sponsored by the Vatican Observatory and the Center for Theology and the Natural Sciences.
See also.
Divine Action and Modern Science

</doc>
<doc id="18408781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408781" title="K. Srinivasan">
K. Srinivasan

Kasturi Srinivasan (August 7, 1887-June 21, 1959) was an Indian journalist and businessman. He was the eldest son of S. Kasturi Ranga Iyengar.
Biography.
Srinivasan was born to well-known lawyer and journalist, S. Kasturi Ranga Iyengar, in August 1887. He graduated from the Presidency College, Madras and joined "The Hindu", the newspaper owned by his family, at an early age. He became the Managing Director of "The Hindu" on the death of Kasturi Ranga Iyengar in 1923 with S. Rangaswami Iyengar as Chief Editor. In February 1934, Srinivasan took over as Chief Editor.
Srinivasan was a founder-Chairman of the Press Trust of India and was awarded the Padma Bhushan in January 1956.
Srinivasan fell sick and died on June 21, 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="18408782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408782" title="Evald Seepere">
Evald Seepere

Evald Seepere (4 May 1911 – 22 February 22, 1990) was an Estonian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born Evald Seeberg in Tammiku, Virumaa and died in Tallinn. He changed his surname to Seepere in 1937.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the featherweight class after losing his fight to Theodore Kara.

</doc>
<doc id="18408783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408783" title="9th Parachute Chasseur Regiment">
9th Parachute Chasseur Regiment

The 9th Parachute Chasseur Regiment () was an airborne unit of the French Army. It was formed during the Algerian War, during which it fought its most notable engagement: the Battle of Souk Ahras. It didn’t take part in the 1961 Algiers Putsch. The regiment took part in numerous overseas operations before it was dissolved in 1999. The regiment was the heir to the traditions, battle honours and decorations of the 9th Infantry Regiment.
History.
The 9th Parachute Chasseur Regiment was created on 1 June 1956 in Algeria from the 4th Battalion, 18th RIPC and receives its standard from General Sauvagnac in Batna on 11 November. It becomes part of the 25th Parachute Division and was mostly based on the Algerian-Tunisian border. The most notable action took place in April 1958 at Souk Ahras where the sacrifice of the regiments 3rd Company permits the elimination of a large FLN group that was trying to break the Morice Line to reinforce the FLN forces in Algeria.
The regiment didn’t take part in the 1961 Algiers putsch and after the end of the Algerian War it moved to Toulouse on mainland France. The regiment takes part in operations within the UNIFIL in Lebanon and other overseas operations. The regiment was dissolved in 1999 as a part of a restructuring of the French Army.

</doc>
<doc id="18408801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408801" title="Goren">
Goren

Goren (, "lit." Granary) is a moshav in northern Israel. Located in the Western Galilee near Ma'alot-Tarshiha, it falls under the jurisdiction of Ma'ale Yosef Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 438.
The moshav was established in 1950 by immigrants from Yemen after they had spent a few months living in Rosh HaAyin. The founders were joined by immigrants from North Africa in 1951. Its name is a Hebrewised version of the Arabic name for the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18408813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408813" title="Vanguard Visionaries (Odetta album)">
Vanguard Visionaries (Odetta album)

Vanguard Visionaries is a compilation album by American folk singer Odetta, released in 2007.
It is a short compilation (10 songs) and contains recordings from the Vanguard Records years. To celebrate their 60th anniversary, Vanguard had released a series of artist samplers called "Vanguard Visionaries" from the 1960s and early-'70s era. All the songs are available on other compilations.
Reception.
In his Allmusic review, music critic Mark Deming wrote the album "makes clear the legendary folk-blues singer has an amazing voice, nearly flawless instincts about what to do with it, fine taste in songs, and a sure hand with her guitar. However, it's far too scattershot in its assembly and execution to do much else... Each of the ten songs on Odetta's edition of Vanguard Visionaries are a joy to listen to, but beyond that this disc doesn't do much to educate the unenlightened about who Odetta is and why she's important, and that's one lesson more folks need to learn."
Track listing.
All songs Traditional unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18408814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408814" title="Sam Gillespie">
Sam Gillespie

Sam Gillespie (September 1, 1970 – August 8, 2003) was a philosopher with a particular interest in the work of Alain Badiou. Gillespie was described by Joan Copjec as "one of the most gifted and promising philosophers of his generation". He was a co-founder of the academic journal "Umbr(a)". Gillespie's book "The Mathematics of Novelty" was published posthumously in 2008. Peter Hallward wrote that "This tremendously valuable book is a landmark in the critical reception of Badiou’s work."
After his death, "The Mathematics of Novelty" was submitted for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy at the University of Warwick, which Gillespie was posthumously awarded in
2005. Into the first decade of the 21st century, it is now recognized that Gillespie's writings and translations were crucial to the initial reception of Alain Badiou's work in the English-speaking world.

</doc>
<doc id="18408838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408838" title="Theodore Kara">
Theodore Kara

Theodore Ernst Kara (April 2, 1916 – 1944) is an American boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Cleveland, Ohio.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the featherweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Charles Catterall. Theodore Kara also won three NCAA boxing championships at the University of Idaho in 1939, 1940 and 1941. He later became a radio-man in the United States Army Air Corp and was declared dead after his plane went missing in action over the Pacific in 1944 during World War II. He was married at the time of his death to Marion Amirkanian of Fresno, California, but had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="18408841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408841" title="Sulfene">
Sulfene

Sulfene is an extremely reactive chemical compound with the formula H2C=SO2. It is the simplest member of the sulfenes, the group of compounds which are "S","S"-dioxides of thioaldehydes and thioketones, and have the general formula R2C=SO2.
Preparation.
The first general method for preparation of sulfene as an intermediate, reported simultaneously in 1962 by Gilbert Stork and by Günther Optiz, involved removal of hydrogen chloride from methanesulfonyl chloride using triethylamine in the presence of an enamine as trapping agent. The formation of a thietane 1,1-dioxide derivative was taken as evidence for the intermediacy of sulfene. Because of the highly electrophilic character of sulfene, the use of amines presents difficulties, since they can intercept the sulfene to form complexes, which may display reduced activity in trapping reactions compared to sulfene itself. A simple alternative which avoids the use of amines involves desilylation of trimethylsilylmethanesulfonyl chloride with cesium fluoride in the presence of trapping agents.
Reactions.
Sulfenes react with enamines, ynamines, and 1,3-cyclopentadienes to give thietanes, thietes and Diels-Alder adducts, respectively. In the presence of a chiral tertiary amine complex, several sulfenes could be trapped with trichloroacetaldehyde (chloral) in a catalytic asymmetric synthesis of β-sultones (four-membered ring sulfonate esters). Sulfene can also undergo insertion into metal-hydrogen bonds. 

</doc>
<doc id="18408846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408846" title="Wengerites">
Wengerites

Wengerites were an offshoot of the River Brethren started in Montgomery County, Ohio and peaking at 15 congregations. They broke from the River Brethren in 1836 over issues of closed communion and meetinghouses. They are named for John Wenger, the leader who initiated the separation. In 1861 part of this group joined the Mennonite Brethren in Christ. The remainder became the Pentecostal Brethren in Christ, which joined the Pilgrim Holiness Church in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="18408856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408856" title="Jarvis Hunt">
Jarvis Hunt

Jarvis Hunt (August 6, 1863 - June 15, 1941) was a "renowned Chicago architect" who designed a wide array of buildings, including train stations, suburban estates, industrial buildings, clubhouses and other structures.
Hunt was born in Weathersfield, Vermont, the son of attorney, farmer and photography pioneer Col. Leavitt Hunt and his wife Katherine (Jarvis) Hunt, and was a nephew of noted New York City architect Richard Morris Hunt and his brother, Boston painter William Morris Hunt. Jarvis Hunt was a graduate of Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
He had a passion for golf and qualified for the 1904 Olympics Golf Team. Hunt later designed the clubhouses of several clubs including the National Golf Links of America Golf Course, of which Hunt was a founding member, and the Chicago Golf Club.
However most of his projects are associated with the United States Midwest. Hunt based his architectural firm in Chicago's Monadnock Building.
Hunt retired to his home in St. Petersburg, Florida in 1927. He and his wife, the former M. Louise Coleman, had two children: Louisa Hunt McMurtry and Jarvis Hunt, Jr. Jarvis Hunt and his wife later divorced, and he was awarded custody of his two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18408866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408866" title="Joe Boehling">
Joe Boehling

John Joseph Boehling (March 20, 1891 – September 8, 1941) was a Major League Baseball pitcher for seven seasons. He played with the Washington Senators from 1912 to 1916, and the Cleveland Indians from 1916 to 1920. Boehling made his major league debut on June 20, 1912, in a 5–0 loss against the Philadelphia Athletics. He went on to play two more games during the 1912 Washington Senators season, finishing with five innings pitched. 
In 1913, Boehling was used primarily as a starter alongside Walter Johnson in what was his best season. He pitched in 38 games, starting 25 of them, and finished the season with 18 complete games and three shutouts. He finished with a 17 7 record and an ERA of 2.14. His ERA of 2.14 was sixth in the American League, better than the ERAs of Hall of Famers Chief Bender (2.21) and Rube Marquard (2.50). During January 1914, Boehling signed a one-year contract to continue playing with the Senators. Boehling played 34 games during the 1914 season, and finished the season with a 12–8 record and a 3.03 ERA. 
The 1915 season saw Boehling pitch a career high number of games with 40, 32 of them starts. After a 14–13 record in 1915 and a 9–11 record the following season, the Senators traded Boehling. On August 18, 1916, Boehling was traded along with Danny Moeller to the Cleveland Indians for Elmer Smith and Joe Leonard. He finished the season by pitching in 12 games for the Indians, then pitched in 12 the following season. On July 30, he was sent to the minor leagues by the Indians, and did not play in the major leagues again until 1920. He played in three games for the 1920 Cleveland Indians team that went on to win the World Series, and played his final major league game on June 3, 1920.
After retiring, Boehling managed an American Legion baseball team in Richmond, Virginia, and worked in the feed and seed business with his brother. He died on September 8, 1941 at the age of 50 as a result of injuries sustained from a fall.

</doc>
<doc id="18408877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408877" title="North Fork Koyukuk River">
North Fork Koyukuk River

The North Fork of the Koyukuk River is one of the principal forks of the Koyukuk River, approximately 105 mi (160 km) long, in northern Alaska in the United States. It has a watershed area of 1850 square miles (4790 square km). It rises on the south slopes of the Continental Divide in the Brooks Range.
It is located the in Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve and is part of the Koyukuk Wild and Scenic River as designated by the United States Congress in 1980. 
The major tributaries include the Glacier River, Tinayguk River, Clear River and joins the Middle Fork Koyukuk River to form the Koyukuk main stem.
Robert Marshall thoroughly explored the system in 1929, naming many of the major peaks such as Mount Doonerak, Frigid Crags, Boreal Mountain and the Gates of the Arctic pass.

</doc>
<doc id="18408880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408880" title="Saulius Ambrulevičius">
Saulius Ambrulevičius

Saulius Ambrulevičius (born June 10, 1992 in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian figure skater. He is the 2007 and 2008 Lithuanian national champion.
Career.
Ambrulevičius won the Lithuanian senior title for the first time in 2007. His first major international competition was the 2007 Junior Worlds, where he placed 45th in the short program and did not qualify for the free skate. 
In the 2007-2008 season, Ambrulevičius won his second national title. He competed in the 2008 Junior Worlds and once again placed last, this time 47th. He competed at the 2008 World Championships, where he finished 45th. 

</doc>
<doc id="18408887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408887" title="Pontokomi">
Pontokomi

Pontokomi () is a village located in the central part of Kozani regional unit, West Macedonia region, Greece. It is part of the municipal unit Dimitrios Ypsilantis. It is situated between the cities of Ptolemaida and Kozani ( distance from each).
It is a refugee town, developed as a modern and organised village with a complete market and services. A new amphitheatre opened 15 July 2001 which was constructed at the foot of the mountain and shaped by former quarries. On 20 June 2002, it was named Amphitheatre Mikis Theodorakis.
Pontokomi is notable in later Greek history including the participation of the majority of residents in the resistance during World War, and also in marching against dictatorship.
The main industry is agriculture (cereals and tobacco) and some residents work in the power stations.

</doc>
<doc id="18408889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408889" title="I've Been Good to You">
I've Been Good to You

"I've Been Good to You" is a 1961 R&B song by The Miracles on Motown Records' Tamla label. It was released as the B-side of their "Billboard" Top 40 hit, "What's So Good About Goodbye", and was included on their album "I'll Try Something New" the following year. This sad, melancholy ballad charted #103 on the "Billboard" Pop chart. Despite its relatively modest chart placing, this song has been hugely influential, and is noted as Beatle John Lennon's favorite Miracles tune, and was the inspiration behind The Beatles' song, "Sexy Sadie". Written by Miracles lead singer Smokey Robinson, the song begins with the lyric, "Look what you've done...You've made a fool out of someone..." which Lennon later paraphrased in "his" song as, "What have you done...You've made a fool of everyone."
The song was performed live by the group on their album, "The Miracles Recorded Live on Stage", and has inspired cover versions by Marshall Crenshaw, Joe Meek, The Temptones, Ray, Goodman & Brown (The Moments), The Ones, and fellow Motown artists, Brenda Holloway, and The Temptations. The Temptations' version would also be released as a "B" side and would chart at #124 on the Pop charts in 1967 (as well be released on their 1966 album "Gettin' Ready"). In addition to being on their first "Live" album, The Miracles' original version of "I've Been Good to You" actually appears on two other of their early 1960s albums; 1962's "I'll Try Something New", and 1963's "The Fabulous Miracles".

</doc>
<doc id="18408905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408905" title="List of football clubs in Hong Kong">
List of football clubs in Hong Kong

This is a list of football clubs that play in the four levels of the English football league system. Most clubs are located in Hong Kong, though some clubs were from outside Hong Kong (for example in mainland China) that play in the Hong Kong system.
Alphabetically.
The divisions are correct for the 2013–14 season. Most teams competing in the lower division (Second Division, Third Division and Fourth Division) do not have their own home ground. It is denoted by an "N/A" in the "Home Ground" column.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18408908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408908" title="Felipe Gabuco">
Felipe Gabuco

Felipe Gabuco (born May 26, 1916) is a Filipino boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the first round of the featherweight class after losing his fight to Theodore Kara.

</doc>
<doc id="18408929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408929" title="Swankites">
Swankites

The Swankites were an offshoot of the Wengerites formed in Ohio in 1861. This occurred over issues of meeting length, church order and method of baptism. They called themselves the Brethren in Christ, a name used by both the Wengerites and the River Brethren at that point.
In 1883 the Swankites united with Evangelical United Mennonites and formed the Mennonite Brethren in Christ.

</doc>
<doc id="18408930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408930" title="Media in Fredericton">
Media in Fredericton

This is a list of media in Fredericton, New Brunswick.
Radio.
CBC Radio 2 (CBZ-FM 101.5) and both Radio-Canada services (Première Chaîne CBAF-FM-1 102.3 and Espace musique CBAL-FM-4 88.1) are provided from transmitters in Saint John. Other stations from Saint John and Presque Isle, Maine can also be heard in Fredericton.
Print.
"The Daily Gleaner" is published in Fredericton as a city daily and there are also three weekly newspapers available. The "Telegraph-Journal", based in Saint John, publishes a provincial edition and has a bureau in Fredericton. Moncton's "Times & Transcript" operates a news bureau from the Legislative Press Gallery. Furthermore, the students at the University of New Brunswick and St. Thomas University both publish their own weekly papers - "The Brunswickan" and "The Aquinian" respectively - which are distributed in public areas on campus and in the city in general. In recent years, Fredericton has seen a growth in alternative and independent media newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="18408932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408932" title="2007–08 Maltese Second Division">
2007–08 Maltese Second Division

The Maltese Second Division 2007–08 (known as BOV Second Division 2007-08 due to sponsorship reasons) started on 21 September 2007 and ended on 18 May 2008. San Gwann and Naxxar Lions were relegated from Maltese First Division 2006-07.The promoted teams from Maltese Third Division 2006-07 were Mgarr United, Sirens and Zurrieq.The league was won by San Gwann.They finished on 47 points,level with Balzan Youths and Rabat Ajax.They were declared champions for their superior goal difference.Balzan Youths and Rabat Ajax had to play a promotion play-off for the team to get promoted.The play-off was won 3-0 by Rabat Ajax.At the other end Sirens and Zurrieq were relegated while Mgarr United had to play the relegation-playoffs with4 teams from the Third Division. Zurrieq were relegated because they had a 5 point deduction by the Malta Football Association. They had three points deducted after failing to present the signed balance sheet.Zurrieq had another two points deducted after being found guilty of casing the incidents which led the BOV Second Division match against Luxol on April 27 to be abandoned.Referee Chris Francalanza abandoned the match on 69 minutes after he was hit by a Zurrieq player.If they were deducted no points it would have been Mgarr United relegated.Mgarr managed to win the relegation-playoffs and secure their Second Division status for the very first time.
Participating teams.
The Maltese Second Division 2007–08 was made up of these teams:
2007-08 standings.
"As of 18 May 2008"
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsC = Champions; R = Relegated; RP = Relegation playoffs
2007/2008 Results.
"To read this table, the home team is listed in the left-hand column."

</doc>
<doc id="18408938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408938" title="Manot">
Manot

Manot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18408943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408943" title="Portage Point, Michigan">
Portage Point, Michigan

Portage Point is an unincorporated summer resort area of Onekama Township, Manistee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It includes the site of the first town on Portage Lake at It is located on the narrow strip of land between Portage Lake and Lake Michigan developed by the Portage Point Association. A post office operated in summers from August 1917 until September 1921.
Early history and settlement.
The area was probably visited by Henri de Tonty in 1679 and other early explorers of the eastern coast of Lake Michigan. The first known non-native Americans to live for any length of time near Portage Point was the crew of the schooner "Prince Eugene" that wrecked on 15 November 1835 three or four miles (6 km) south of the present-day channel between Portage Lake and Lake Michigan. Not wanting to walk to the nearest town in winter, Grand Rapids or Muskegon, they built a log cabin in the dunes and waited for spring.
Michigan became a state in 1837, and in that same year the Federal government first surveyed the area around Portage Lake. At that time the lake was called "O-neK-ama-engk", which was believed to be the native word for "portage".
The natural outlet of Portage Lake was located about a mile north of the present-man made outlet. This stream ran northwesterly from the Portage Lake side (close to and crossing the section lines between sections 21 and 28) the present-day intersection of Ridge Avenue and Portage Point Drive, north along Norwood Avenue to cross Lakeisle Avenue and then to pass into Lake Michigan just north of the intersection of Lakeisle and Lakeside Avenue are located, almost exactly on the section line separating sections 28 and 33. It was recognized very early as an excellent site for a waterpowered saw mill.
In 1845, Joseph Stronach purchased the land surrounding the outlet from Portage Lake and his uncle, James Stronach, built a dam and a sawmill at the outlet, about eight rods back from the Lake Michigan shore. In the summer of 1850, Joseph Stronach drowned while sailing from the Portage Creek outlet to Manistee and the property passed to his nephew, James Stronach, who miantained it until about 1852, when Joseph Harper purchased it. At that point, the entrance to the Portage stream could reportedly accommodate vessels with a draft of nearly two feet, but could not pass the dam into Portage Lake. The mill burned in 1853. Harper returned the property to Stronach, who in turn sold it to the J. L. James Company of Chicago. Over the next eighteen years, the mill was rebuilt and the property expanded to more than of timberland. The preoprty was operated succcesively by a number of firms, including Hannah and Rockwell in 1857, Coffin and Lockwood in 1860, Porter and Bates in 1866, Porter & Co. in 1868.
By 1870, the operation of the sawmill and its dam had created difficulties for landowners on the northern and eastern shores of Portage Lake. The Lake as originally landlocked, except for the small stream and had a natural height about four to five feet above the level of Lake Michigan. The dam created at the Portage Mill to operate the saw mill was increasingly raised and had the effect of raising the water level of Portage Lake by an additional five to six feet, flooding the low lying land at the far send of the lake. From 1860, farmers in the area began to complain about the mill operators practice of periodically raising the Lake level to accommodate their needs for power to operate the saw mill. Additionally, the mill company began to charge increasingly high fees to use their pier at the Portage outlet. Business at Portage Mill increased rapidly and the site became a busy little village as the mill and its fifty workers reportedly cut 30,000 shingles, 10,000-12,000 pieces of lath a day, totally 4.5 million feet of timber in the 1870 cutting season.
By 1870, the pier at the Portage Mill was a wooden bridge pier that was 30 to wide, stood about out of the water, and extended several hundred feet into Lake Michigan. A narrow gauge railroad caries the timber from the mill out to the waiting vessels alongside the pier. The pier was widely known and used not only for loading sailing ships with lumber cut at the mill, but also by sidewheel and propeller steam-powered vessels that stopped to refuel with wood or to pick up or deliver passengers and freight for the surrounding area. The United States Government established Post Office at the Mill on 8 May 1871, but the Post Office Department required the name "O-nek-a-ma" for addresses in the area around Portage Lake, although the little village and mill retained the name "Portage".
Meanwhile, the farmers operating their homestead lands around the shore of the lake were becoming increasingly exasperated by the Portage Mill operators. In 1868, a group of homesteaders had sought an injunction against Porter & Company to prevent the firm from raising their lake level above its natural levels, complaining that had been flooded. Others complained that they could sail boats among the trees. As a result, the circuit court ordered on 25 May 1870 the removal of the dam by 5 December 1870. The court order required that it be served personally on the proprietors of Porter & Company, but this proved to be difficult as they were located in Chicago. By mid-April 1871, the homesteaders made a formal complaint in Circuit Court reporting to the court that Porter & Company had failed to comply.
Under the pretense of starting a rival timber company, Nathan Pierce and Theodore Heiss had purchased a strip of land in 1867 from Andrew Shanks about a mile south of the Portage Mill on the narrow sand isthmus between Portage Lake and Lake Michigan. Four years later, Amos Pierce (Nathan's son and right-hand man) with a group of other like-minded men, decided to dig a ditch that would permanently lower Portage Lake to the level of Lake Michigan and put the Portage Mill out of business. A long list of local people joined in the effort to dig a ditch. When Porter & Company's representatives saw the work underway, they attempted to charge the organizers with cutting off their water supplies, but the feelings against the company was so bitter hat the court dismissed the complaint.
On the night of 13 May 1871, the ditch was ready with only a log barricade holding back the waters of Portage Lake and those who had been involved reportedly held a dance celebration for fifty people at the site. The following morning, Sunday 14 May 1871, a single ox pulled the barricade down and the waters rushed through the cut, digging an even deeper and wider passage. The new passage was nearly five hundred feet wide and twelve feet deep, lowering Portage Lake by twelve to fourteen feet and returning it to its pre-historic condition as a natural bay of Lake Michigan.
Offshore in Lake Michigan that Sunday, the sidewheel steamer "John A. Dix" on a passage between Manistee and Traverse City suddenly found itself surrounded by trees swept out from the new Portage Lake cut and changed her course to the Wisconsin side of the Lake to avoid the danger. On Monday, 15 May 1871, the tugboat "Williams" was first ship entered Portage Lake through the cut to loud cheers and celebration. In recognition of this fact, the local people named the Portage Lake side of the cut Williamsport, Michigan in honor of the tug boat.
With this development, the settlement around the old Portage outlet was moved to the eastern end of Portage Lake, where it adopted the new Post office name of O-nek-a-ma'.
Summer resort.
After the lumber industry was exhausted, Michigan's leaders began to look for an alternative means of economic development of the state. In 1897, the Michigan State legislature enabled the formation of corporations in order to build resorts. In 1902, the Sunnyside Assembly purchased the land on the northwest side of Portage Lake that had formerly belonged to the Marvins. The changed the name of their organization to the Portage Point Assembly and incorporated it on 31 January 1902 under the special 1897 act of the Michigan legislature for building a resort and immediately began to build the Portage Point Inn on 12 July 1902. The following year, the building first opened for guests on 20 June 1903.
The first decade for the Portage Point Inn was a difficult time, but a few cottages were built and paid annual dues to the resort. In 1909, the Northern Michigan Transportation Company began to purchase tracts of land on the northern and western shore of Portage Lake and by 1914 had become the principal investor in the Portage Portage Point Assembly and, by the end of that year, took over management of the Inn. They platted the subdivision of of land to the north of the Assembly's property that included the sire of the old village of Portage and began to sell the lots. This area was called the Portage Park Addition and consisted of 3,500 lots including a golf course, but only a small fraction of these lots were ever sold and developed.
By 1914, the Portage Point Inn was served by the steamships of the Northern Michigan Transportation Company, SS "Puritan" and "SS Missouri" and those of the Pere Marquette Line, providing direct service from Chicago and Milwaukee.
From this year, the summer colony began to develop quietly and steadily. Mary B. (Mrs Frank J.) Hattendorf was the first of a large group of residents from the Chicago suburb of Western Springs, Illinois to come to Portage Point. A widowed school teacher, she and her young son first arrived in 1914 and purchased two lots, first living in a tent and then constructing a house on the same site in 1916. She persuaded her closest friends from Western Springs, Illinois, Harmon and Mary Watt, to join her for the summer. They purchased adjoining lots and were soon joined by other mutual friends from Western Springs, including Leonard and Anita Vaughan, Hugh and Nell Rollin, and the Arthur Boyers. Many others from the same town joined them over the years as following generations continued to make Portage Point their summer residence and brought their friends and extended families.
In 1985, the Portage Point Inn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18408944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408944" title="Lee Harvey (academic)">
Lee Harvey (academic)

Lee Harvey is a former Director of the Centre for Research and Evaluation at Sheffield Hallam University. He is currently a visiting professor at Copenhagen Business School.
In April, 2008 there was controversy as Harvey was suspended from his position by the UK's Higher Education Academy for writing a letter to the Times Higher Education that was critical of the National Student Survey. In May, 2008 he quit his post over the issue.
His work is in the field of higher education policy.

</doc>
<doc id="18408977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18408977" title="Parma City School District">
Parma City School District

Parma City School District is a school district that serves Parma, Parma Heights, and Seven Hills. The district is located in the southwestern section of Cuyahoga County, Ohio. The District's sports stadium is Byers Field. All three high school's play golf at Ridgewood for their homecourse.

</doc>
<doc id="18409033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409033" title="Tanya Anisimova">
Tanya Anisimova

Tanya Anisimova (born February 15, 1966) is a Russian cellist and composer.
Tanya Anisimova was born in the Chechen city of Grozny into a family of scientists: her father Dr. Mikhail Anisimov is a well-known physicist. Her mother was a chemist and an accomplished piano player and singer who died in 1981. Tanya began to study cello at 7 with Zoia Kamisheva and gave her first public performance the same year. After graduating with honors from the Moscow Conservatory (1989), where she studied with Igor Gavrysh, Anisimova continued her cello studies with George Neikrug at Boston University (Artist Diploma, 1992). While in Boston, she appeared regularly on WGBH Public Radio. In 1992, Anisimova was invited by Aldo Parisot to work on her Doctor of Musical Arts Degree at Yale. She graduated from Yale School of Music in 1995. In her doctoral thesis she focused on J.S. Bach’s works for solo violin and solo cello and their interconnectedness. 
Also in 1995, Anisimova and her husband artist Alexander Anufriev spent four months at the Virginia Center for the Creative Arts by an invitation of the VCCA’s director William Smart. In the fall of 1995, Anisimova and Anufriev successfully presented their multimedia project titled "Angels on Mt. San Angelo," The visual part included six canvases, 15 by 10 feet each, with angels representing six colors of a spectrum, all painted by Anufriev. The audio part consisted of Anisimova’s "Song on Mt. San Angelo", which was performed live during the presentation of the project. One year later, the project was repeated with success at the St. Mark’s Church on Capitol Hill, Washington, D.C.
In 1999, Anisimova initiated the revival and consequently became the Artistic Director of the "Mousetrap Concert Series" in the historic town of Washington Grove, Maryland. Guest artists of the series have included Claude Frank, Natalia Gutman, Elisso Virsaladze, Paul Katz, The St. Petersburg Quartet, The Calder Quartet, The Thibaud Trio, The Scholars of London, Paul Galbraith, Tigran Alikhanov, Igor Gavrysh, among others. Since 2001, Tanya Anisimova and her husband reside in the Blue Ridge Mountains region of Central Virginia. Anisimova divides her time between touring, composing and recording.
Playing style.
The press has described cellist and composer Tanya Anisimova as the artist with "spiritual authority" and "a refined musical intelligence;" her performances - as "thoughtful and powerful, alluring and energizing;" her interpretations - as "invariably full of personality and character." Anisimova's original music has been quoted as "deeply emotional," "mystical," and "marrying a sense of wild fancy and studied control." Of the performer's live improvisations with her own vocalizing it has been said that they have "subtle harmonies" and "a very refined melody, clearly in Slavic style." Joseph McLellan of the called Anisimova's improvisations "powerfully evocative vocalises, which she sang with a pure, precisely controlled voice."
The Washington Post. Articles: "Thoughtful and Powerful Cello Recital at Strathmore," October, 2007;
"Tanya Anisimova's Singing Endorsement of the Cello," April, 2003; "Beguiling Music at Hand," March, 1999
"Mi Morelia", Michoacan, Mexico.
Article "Banqueto de Violonchelo y de Beethoven", February, 2005
Discography.
1. “Music from Mt. San Angelo,” 1995
The Virginia Center for the Creative Arts 
2. J.S. Bach, “Six Sonatas and Partitas for Solo Violin,” 2001
Celle-stial Records Company
3. J.S. Bach, Six Suites for Solo Cello, 2002 
Volume 1, Suites No. 1, 3 & 5 
4. J.S. Bach, Six Suites for Solo Cello, 2004
Volume 2, Suites No. 2, 4 & 6 
Celle-stial Records Company
5. “Concert in Moscow,” 2003
Celle-stial Records Company
6. “Sufi Soul,” 2006 
Celle-stial Records Company
7. “Mystical Strings-Enchanted Cello,” 2007
The Synchronicity Foundation
Original works.
“Seasons,” Concerto for cello and orchestra, 2008
“Icelandic Ballad,” for cello and piano, 2007
“Caravan” for two cellos, 2007
Trio – Toccata for violin, piano and cello, 2007
“Adonai” for cello and string orchestra, 2006
“Sufi Suite” for cello scordatura and voice, 2006
“Mexico-Moscow” for cello and piano, 2005
Quintet – Concerto for cello and string quartet, 2005
“Cynthia” for flute and cello, 2004
“A Souvenir from St. Petersburg” for solo cello, 2003
“September 11”, for solo cello, 2001
“Voice of Chechnya” for cello and piano, 2000
“A Morning Star” for Three Cellos, 1999
‘Song on Mt. San Angelo’ for solo cello, 1995
Cello transcriptions and arrangements.
1995-2001, J.S. Bach, Complete Sonatas and Partitas for Violin Solo 
2002, Francouer-Anisimova, Sonata for Two Cellos in D 
2008, Locatelli-Anisimova, Sonata for Cello and Piano 
2003-2005, Ludwig van Beethoven, Complete Sonatas for Violin and Piano
2006-2008, Johannes Brahms, Complete Sonatas for Violin and Piano 
2004, Pablo de Sarasate, Playera, Gypsy Aires
2004, Marin Marais, La Folia 
2003, Diniku, Hora-Staccatto

</doc>
<doc id="18409047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409047" title="John Wenger">
John Wenger

John Weaver Wenger (1778–1851) was the founder of the Pentecostal Church of the Brethren, popularly known as the Wengerites. Wenger was born in Bethel Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, USA.
In 1799, Wenger married Anna Long. They had nine children. She died in 1819. After this he married Sarah Hahn. In 1824, Wenger moved with his wife and children to Montgomery County, Ohio.
Shortly after this he formed a congregation of the River Brethren there along with Samuel Herr. In 1838, Wenger broke with the River Brethren over issues of communion and formed a new church.

</doc>
<doc id="18409053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409053" title="Krishnampalli">
Krishnampalli

Krishnampalli, is a village that comes under Melpatti post, Gudiyattam taluk, Vellore district of Tamil Nadu, the southern most state of India. This village lies on the road to Gudiyattam from Pernambut via Melpatti.
The most spoken language in this village is Telugu and secondly Tamil.
The Village has a primary school which was started in 1987. We can find Ramar Temple, Vinayagar Temple and a Church in the village.
The village is surrounded by few small hills, and villages. The main source of income is agriculture, though the area suffers from drought. The literacy rate among the current generation is above 90%.

</doc>
<doc id="18409057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409057" title="Tanya Anisimova discography">
Tanya Anisimova discography

This is the discography for Tanya Anisimova.
1995.
“Music from Mt. San Angelo,” produced by the Virginia Center for the Creative Arts. Contents: Anisimova’s transcription of Partita #2 in D minor, BWV 1004 for solo violin by J.S. Bach; Anisimova’s own “Song on Mt. San Angelo”
works for cello solo inspired by and composed for Anisimova: 
2000-2001.
2-CD Album, J.S. Bach, “Six Sonatas and Partitas for Solo Violin,” BWV 1001-1006 
Celle-stial Records Company, arranged for cello and performed by Tanya Anisimova 
2002-2004.
J.S. Bach, Six Suites for Solo Cello, Celle-stial Records Company, BWV 1007-1012
2003.
“Concert in Moscow,” Celle-stial Records Company<br>
Recorded live during Anisimova’s solo recital at the Chamber Hall (Maly Sal), 
The Moscow Conservatory, September, 2002 
Contents: J.S. Bach, Suite No.5, Suite No.3, Adagio & Fugue from Sonata No.1 for Solo Violin
Prelude from Partita No.3 for Solo Violin, Ezra Laderman, “A Single Voice,” Tanya Anisimova, “Song on Mt. San Angelo,” “September 11,” R.U.E. Tagel, Flamenco 
2006.
“Sufi Soul” Celle-stial Records Company<br>
Recorded live during Anisimova’s concerts at the Chamber Hall (Maly Sal), June, 2006 
Contents: performer’s original compositions and improvisations with her vocal accompaniment 
2007.
“Mystical Strings-Enchanted Cello,” produced by the Synchronicity Foundation<br>
Contents: “Sourceful Awareness,” “Blissful Moments” 
Anisimova’s improvisations accompanied by Master Charles Cannon’s Technology of Balance

</doc>
<doc id="18409063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409063" title="1993–94 Atlanta Hawks season">
1993–94 Atlanta Hawks season

The 1993–94 NBA season was the Hawks' 45th season in the NBA and 26th season in Atlanta. In the offseason, Michael Jordan shocked the NBA by announcing his retirement. This meant that various teams in the league had an opportunity to contend for a championship. The Hawks finished first in the Central Division with a 57-25 record. In the playoffs, the Hawks defeated the Miami Heat in the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals, but lost to the fifth-seeded Indiana Pacers in the semifinals.
Roster.
Starter
Backup
Reverse
Regular season.
The Hawks hired Hall of Famer Lenny Wilkens as their new coach. Wilkens was a star guard for the franchise when it was based in St. Louis in the 60's. Wilkens was quickly moving up the all-time coaching wins list after successful runs with the Seattle SuperSonics and Cleveland Cavaliers. Wilkens employed a defensive system which benefited several members of the team. Guards Stacey Augmon and Mookie Blaylock were both named to the NBA All-Defensive team. The Hawks would emerge in first place when the first half of the season was complete. Despite being in first place in February, the Hawks would trade franchise leading scorer Dominique Wilkins to the Los Angeles Clippers for Danny Manning. By the end of the season, the Hawks finished first overall in the Eastern Conference with a record of 57 wins and 25 losses.
Playoffs.
Entering the playoffs, the Hawks struggled, as they needed the full five games to get past the Miami Heat in the Eastern Conference quarterfinals. In the Eastern Conference semifinals, the Hawks were upset by the Indiana Pacers in 6 games.
East First Round.
(1) Atlanta Hawks vs. (8) Miami Heat: "Hawks win series 3-2"
Last Playoff Meeting: This is the first meeting between the Hawks and Heat.
East Conference Semifinals.
(1) Atlanta Hawks vs. (5) Indiana Pacers: "Pacers win series 4-2"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1987 Eastern Conference First Round (Atlanta won 3-1)

</doc>
<doc id="18409072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409072" title="1985–86 Atlanta Hawks season">
1985–86 Atlanta Hawks season

The Hawks entered the season with rookies Jon Koncak and Spud Webb. The Hawks were transformed into one of the youngest teams in the NBA. The Hawks were led by "the Human Highlight Reel" Dominique Wilkins. He would have an outstanding year as he led the NBA in scoring with an average of 30.3 points per game. One of the highlights of the season came when Spud Webb (measuring five feet, seven inches) won the NBA Slam Dunk contest during All-Star Weekend. In the second half of the season, the Hawks would be one of the strongest teams in the league. The club won 35 of their final 52 games to finish the season with a record of 50 wins and 32 losses. In the playoffs, the Hawks would eliminate the Detroit Pistons in 4 games. In the 2nd round, the Hawks would be defeated by the Boston Celtics in 5 games.
Playoffs.
East First Round.
(4) Atlanta Hawks vs. (5) Detroit Pistons: "Hawks win series 3–1"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1963 Western Division Semifinals (Hawks won 3–1; they were in St. Louis, Missouri)
East Conference Semifinals.
(1) Boston Celtics vs. (4) Atlanta Hawks: "Celtics win series 4–1"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1983 Eastern Conference First Round (Boston won 2–1)

</doc>
<doc id="18409079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409079" title="1982–83 Atlanta Hawks season">
1982–83 Atlanta Hawks season

Prior to the start of the season, the Hawks made a blockbuster trade. The franchise sent John Drew and Freeman Williams to the Utah Jazz in exchange for first round draft pick Dominique Wilkins, a star at the University of Georgia. Wilkins would make an impact as he averaged 17.5 points per game. The Hawks finished in 2nd place with a 43-39 record. In the playoffs, the Hawks would lose to the Boston Celtics in a 3-game series.
Playoffs.
East First Round.
(3) Boston Celtics vs. (6) Atlanta Hawks: "Celtics win series 2–1"

</doc>
<doc id="18409087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409087" title="1968–69 Atlanta Hawks season">
1968–69 Atlanta Hawks season

The 1968-69 Atlanta Hawks season was the team's first season in Atlanta, after their relocation from St. Louis, where the franchise played the previous thirteen seasons. The franchise traded Lenny Wilkens to the Seattle SuperSonics in exchange for Walt Hazzard. Hazzard would help lead the Hawks to a second place finish with a record of 48 wins and 34 losses. In the playoffs, the Hawks eliminated the San Diego Rockets in six games. In the Western Conference Finals, the Hawks challenged the Los Angeles Lakers. The Lakers would eliminate the Hawks in 5 games.

</doc>
<doc id="18409089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409089" title="Sandro Rosell">
Sandro Rosell

Alexandre "Sandro" Rosell i Feliu (; born March 6, 1964) is a Spanish businessman. He was the president of FC Barcelona from 2010 to 2014. With an MBA degree from ESADE, Rosell is known for being the running mate and senior adviser of Joan Laporta during the presidential elections at FC Barcelona in 2003. Moreover, he is renowned for bringing Ronaldinho to the Camp Nou in the same year.
FC Barcelona.
Elections in 2003.
Rosell and Joan Laporta joined forces in 2003 to support the latter's bid to become President of FC Barcelona. After winning by a huge majority, Rosell attempted to make the election pledge of bringing David Beckham to the club a reality. At the time, Rosell claimed he was ""80% confident"" that the move would take place. However Beckham chose to go to FC Barcelona's fierce rivals Real Madrid.
As a result of Beckham's snub, the Barcelona board opted to try and sign Brazilian star Ronaldinho from Paris Saint-Germain. The Catalan club were in direct competition for the Brazilian with Manchester United who wanted him as a replacement for the England international. At a time of financial uncertainty, the capture of Ronaldinho was crucial for Barcelona. 
It is widely believed that Ronaldinho signed for Barcelona instead of the Premier League Champions because of his friendship with Rosell, a former Nike executive in Brazil.
Rosell resigned as vice-president of sports in June 2005, despite Barcelona winning the title that year, accusing Laporta of failing to carry its original plan for the club.
Following his resignation from the Board of Directors in 2005.
In 2006, Rosell released a book "Benvingut al món real" (Welcome to the real world), just as FC Barcelona were on the verge of making it to the Champions League final, which they eventually won. It was seen as a direct attack on club president Laporta after it promised to reveal the problems that had caused Rosell to resign.
When the opportunity for elections at FC Barcelona arose in 2006, due to a successful challenge by club members who claimed Joan Laporta had completed a four-year term, Rosell did not put his name forward to challenge his former friend. When asked if he would put his name forward in future elections, Rosell replied that he would ""never say never"". 
After his resignation, Sandro Rosell was a critic of Joan Laporta, criticizing his handling of problems at Barcelona and claiming that in ""all areas of the club"" there has been " "absolute anarchy"". However, he did support Laporta's choice of manager in Pep Guardiola saying that it was ""how it should be"" and also supported Laporta's decision to sign an agreement with UNICEF.
2010 Elections.
Rosell announced on June 27, 2008 at a press conference that he intended to campaign for the presidency of FC Barcelona in 2010 after the end of the contract of Joan Laporta. At the time, Laporta was about to face a no-confidence motion brought about by Oriol Giralt which Rosell supported. Laporta himself accused Rosell of being behind the motion. When asked why he would be voting against Laporta, Rosell said that it was because the current management ""is not independent or transparent or democratic"". On June 13 Rosell was elected President of FC Barcelona with more than 60% of the vote of club members. He replaced outgoing President Joan Laporta on July 1, 2010.
Presidency.
In July 2012, Rosell confirmed that his club FC Barcelona had achieved record profits of €45 million for the previous season despite his side winning neither the La Liga title nor Champions League. On January 23, 2014, Rosell resigned as president after judge Pablo Ruz ordered the start of a hearing to investigate Rosell for alleged misappropriation of funds over the signing of Brazil's Neymar, saying Rosell could be called in person to give evidence.
Signings.
Players marked in bold are currently in the team.
Business Activities.
In 2008, Sandro Rosell created Ailanto, a sports-marketing firm dedicated to organize football events in Brazil. In November 2008, Ailanto was given the rights by the President of the Football Federation of Brazil, Ricardo Teixeira, to organize a friendly match between Brazil and Portugal. A week before the Brasília match, the government of the Federal District signed a contract to pay Ailanto 9m reais ($4m at the time) for the marketing rights and for other loosely defined services, including arranging transport and accommodation for both teams’ players. That deal is now being investigated for padding and corruption. The public prosecutor’s office in Brasília says that receipted expenditure relating to the game was only around 1m reais—and that in any case the Football Federation of Brasília (FBF), an affiliate of the CBF, had paid. It also says that, although the Federal District government bought the rights to the game, the money from ticket sales went to the FBF. Brasília’s police force is investigating irregularities and has searched Ailanto’s premises in Rio de Janeiro, seizing documents. 

</doc>
<doc id="18409093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409093" title="Olmsted Falls City School District">
Olmsted Falls City School District

Olmsted Falls City School District is a public school district in Olmsted Falls, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="18409098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409098" title="List of coastal fortifications of the United States">
List of coastal fortifications of the United States

The United States has built numerous coastal defenses to defend main cities, ports and straits. Some listed were built by other nations and are now on United States territory.

</doc>
<doc id="18409150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409150" title="Mary Andrews Clark Memorial Home">
Mary Andrews Clark Memorial Home

Mary Andrews Clark Memorial Home is a four-story, "French colonial chateauesque" brick structure in the Westlake neighborhood of Los Angeles near downtown. It was built in 1913 as a YWCA home for young working women. The house was built by William A. Clark (1839-1925), the copper magnate after whom Clark County, Nevada, was named, as a memorial to his mother Mary Andrews Clark (1814-1904). The home was operated by the YWCA from 1913 to 1987, when it was closed as a result of earthquake damage sustained in the Whittier Narrows earthquake. The building reopened in 1995 as housing for low income single workers. The building has been designated a Historic-Cultural Monument and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Construction and dedication.
The Mary Andrews Clark Home was built by former U.S. Senator and Montana copper magnate, William A. Clark, "as a perpetual memorial" to his mother, who died in Los Angeles. Clark announced the gift in 1910 after acquiring a 350 by lot on top of Crown Hill, a short distance west of Downtown Los Angeles. Clark said the structure to be built on the site would be a home for young women who work for a living, "where they can live in delight and comfort at a price which every woman can afford." On seeing the architectural plans for the new home, the "Los Angeles Times" reported: "The home, beautiful architecturally and ideal in its conception, will rank as one of the finest in the country." The building, described at the time as a French chateau type building, was dedicated in February 1913 "as a memorial not only to his own mother but as a shrine where thousands of young women in the coming years may worship the memory of their good mothers." The building, designed by Arthur Burnett Benton (1858-1927), with many gables, cupolas, turrets and balconies, was turned over to the YWCA, having been built and furnished at a total cost of $500,000. Not less than 3,000 persons visited the home for the first public reception in May 1913, and the "Los Angeles Times" described the building, lawns and rose garden as a "Visitors' Mecca."
Operation as a home for young working women.
The home's first annual report was issued in February 1914. It noted that the average price paid for board was $5.05 a week, which included a room, two meals a day (three on Sundays and holidays), and free use of laundry and sewing machines. The home at that time offered a literary club, Bible study, a library, dancing, tennis courts, bowling lanes, and a gymnasium. The boarders at the time included 66 stenographers, 28 "instructors," 27 "office helpers," 20 saleswomen, 16 bookkeepers, 10 dressmakers, 6 nurses, 5 artists, 5 manicurists, 4 milliners, 4 secretaries and 2 librarians. 
By 1923, more than 200 "girls" were on the waiting list for entrance into the home. In 1926, the "Times" described the Clark Home as a haven for "the great influx of feminine workers" into the booming Los Angeles metropolis:"It could accommodate 200 in its beautiful old gray stone French chateau which in appearance suggests anything else but a home for working girls. In fact, its immaculately kept lawns, wide verandas and inviting lawn-tennis court seem more in line with the advantages that are usually associated with the residence of a family of wealth and position than the home of girls who find it necessary to work for a living." Even in 1938 it was described as "one of the show places of the city."
The home's popularity continued in the years after World War II. In 1948, the home housed women between 18 and 30 years old in either single or double rooms, each room was equipped with a lavatory, and with tubs and showers located on each floor. Residents were permitted at that time to have the company of male friends in small sitting rooms or the game room, with one staff member noting that the place "literally swarms with young men" on the weekends. If a resident took advantage of this freedom, she was "taught through counseling that she must do nothing to disturb the other inmates or to give Clark Residence a bad name in the community."
Lawsuit by Clark heirs.
In 1954, heirs of Senator Clark sued the YWCA over its alleged violation of the terms of the agreement under which the home was deeded to the YWCA. The suit alleged that the YWCA had improperly depleted the home's trust fund, terminated Clark's niece as chairman of the home's management committee, and adopted new by-laws under which it assumed the right to appoint a chairman of the management committee. For 35 years, the home had been managed by a committee composed of women members of the Clark family and others of their choosing; however, in 1949, the YWCA asserted the right to take complete control by appointing committee members independently. The suit also expressed concern that the national YWCA had allegedly been infiltrated by communists and its board had balked at signing loyalty oaths "declaring their loyalty to this nation." The suit was settled in 1955, with the YWCA assuming full control of the home and the old management committee acknowledging that its term of office had expired.
Operation from 1960s through 1980s.
Even as social rules loosened in the 1960s and 1970s, the Clark Home continued to operate under strict rules for its residents. In 1963, the "Los Angeles Times" reported: "Clark girls today live much as the first Clark residents did -- in private rooms, taking their meals in a well-appointed dining room (slacks and curlers are not permitted at dinner) and twice weekly they dine by candlelight."
By 1982, the upper age limit for residents had been raised from 30 to 50, but the home otherwise continued to operate under strict rules: no alcohol on the premises; no men upstairs; and no wearing shorts in the recreation room. House director, Mildred Arnold, said the rule on male visitors was strictly enforced: "One violation and a girl would be out. They know the rules." A "Los Angeles Times" reporter noted that the upper floors had been made "nearly impregnable", and the building director was reluctant even to allow a "Times" photographer to take pictures of a room. Despite the strict rules, residents enjoyed the added security provided by the home, with staff patrolling the home during the day and a watchman at the door through the night. Residents were also attracted by the low rent and amenities; residents in 1982 paid about $280 per month for a private room, including two meals a day and weekly maid and linen service.
Closure and conversion to low-income housing.
The home was operated by the Y.W.C.A. until 1987, when damage caused by the Whittier Narrows earthquake required the building to be closed. In 1990, the YWCA sold the building for $3 million to the Los Angeles Community Design Center, a nonprofit group, and Crescent Bay Co., a Santa Monica developer. The new owner renovated the building and reopened it in 1995 as housing for low income single workers making less than $17,650 per year. In order to preserve the building's original materials, woodwork, tiles and other materials "were marked, removed for restoration, then puzzled back together." The total cost of the renovation was $16 million in combined public and private funds.
Historic designation.
The Clark Home was recognized as a Historic-Cultural Monument (HCM #158) by the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission in 1976, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
Use as shooting location.
The house has been used as a shooting location for many television and motion picture productions, including "Eleanor and Franklin: The White House Years" (1977), "Winds of War" (1983), "Twins" (1988), "Rocketeer" (1991), "Mr. Saturday Night" (1992), and "Raise Your Voice" (2004).

</doc>
<doc id="18409161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409161" title="Step into My World (Anthology)">
Step into My World (Anthology)

Step Into My World (Anthology) is a compilation album by British rock band Hurricane #1, released in 2004. The anthology is an 30-track double album including 
previously unreleased tracks, rare B-sides and remixes. In addition the anthology features a picture sleeve and extensive liner notes written by Andy Bell.
Tracklisting.
Disc one
Disc two

</doc>
<doc id="18409167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409167" title="Bay Village City School District">
Bay Village City School District

The Bay Village City School District is a public school district that serves Bay Village, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="18409173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409173" title="List of Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. seasons">
List of Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. seasons

This is a list of seasons played by Inverness Caledonian Thistle Football Club in Scottish football from their formation in 1994, following the merger of Caledonian and Inverness Thistle.

</doc>
<doc id="18409176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18409176" title="Legendre–Clebsch condition">
Legendre–Clebsch condition

In the calculus of variations the Legendre–Clebsch condition is a second-order condition which a solution of the Euler-Lagrange equation must satisfy in order to be a maximum (and not a minimum or another kind of extremal). 
For the problem of maximizing
the condition is 
In optimal control, the situation is more complicated because of the possibility of a singular solution. The generalized Legendre–Clebsch condition, also known as convexity, is a sufficient condition for local optimality such that when the linear sensitivity of the Hamiltonian to changes in u is zero, i.e.,
The Hessian of the Hamiltonian is positive definite along the trajectory of the solution:
In words, the generalized LC condition guarantees that over a singular arc, the Hamiltonian is minimized.
See also.
Singular control

</doc>
