<doc id="18480267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480267" title="Hammer and Tongs">
Hammer and Tongs

Disambiguation: Not to be confused with "Hammer & Tongs".
Hammer and Tongs is the second album from the Scottish rock group Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie. It was recorded in Germany in 1989, at Berlin's Hansa Ton Studios just as the Fall of the Berlin Wall occurred. The album sat on the shelf for almost 18 months, in which time the band were transferred across EMI record labels, from Capitol to Parlophone, who released two singles from the album in 1990. Parlophone sold the band's record deal to Radioactive Records and MCA, who released "Hammer and Tongs" in the United Kingdom in early 1991 and encouraged the band to record a new song "Now We Are Married" to promote the release.
Later that year, Radioactive, and their partners MCA, repackaged the album for international release by including several stand-out tracks from the band's debut album "Good Deeds and Dirty Rags" and eponymously re-titling the album as "Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie".
Track listing.
All songs written by Metcalfe and Kelly, except where noted.
Unreleased Parlophone version
2006 Cherry Red re-issue bonus tracks

</doc>
<doc id="18480268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480268" title="Exopolitics">
Exopolitics

Exopolitics or Exo-Politics (coined after the pattern of "exoplanet" and "exobiology") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18480271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480271" title="Redbook season">
Redbook season

Redbook Season describes a period of time in federal government, generally February to September, when the Office of Justice Programs (OJP), U.S. Department of Justice processes millions of dollars in federal grant funds to local, state, tribal, and national agencies and organizations for law enforcement and criminal justice initiatives. 
Prior to the implementation of OJP’s electronic Grants Management System (GMS) in 1999/2000, these grants were processed, or "redbooked," solely through hard copy documents, enclosed in red binders ("books") to indicate the urgency of the actions required for awards to be completed within the federal fiscal year. Despite GMS eliminating the need for the cumbersome "redbooks," the moniker—constantly referenced by staff largely unaware of the term’s origin—remains to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="18480280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480280" title="2NBC">
2NBC

2NBC FM is a community radio station based in Peakhurst, New South Wales, Australia. Its broadcast area is the suburbs in the south and inner west of Sydney covering the area known as St George. This includes the municipalities of Canterbury, Hurstville, Rockdale the Municipality of Marrickville, and Kogarah.
NBC FM is a volunteer run organisation and is funded through listener support, grants and limited commercial sponsorship. The station celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2008. 
History.
2NBC was formed in 1974 by a group of local residents and the Narwee Baptist Church, interested in the idea of a community radio station. After test broadcasts in the early 1980s the group was granted a licence by the then Australian Broadcasting Tribunal to provide a community broadcast service to the south and inner west suburbs of Sydney. Although 2NBC was spearheaded by the team from Narwee Baptist Church, the station has always been managed and programmed independently to the church. 
Current.
In 2008 the City of Hurstville and 2NBC teamed up to record The Tales from Dragonhurst, a local history radio drama. Funded by the Australia Council for the Arts the production involved a cast and crew of 30 seniors and an orchestra. Eight episodes were recorded and broadcast and the series has been made available to all community radio stations in Australia. 
Programming.
2NBC does not have a single format or style of programming but has many formats which can change almost hourly, catering for a variety of interests within the local community. As well as coverage of local news and community issues, music programming ranges from jazz, country, easy listening to music from the 1950s through to the 1990s. Programs are also broadcast in a variety of languages other than English. These include programs in Arabic, Ethiopian, Macedonian, Samoan, Spanish and Vietnamese

</doc>
<doc id="18480293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480293" title="Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research">
Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research

The Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research (PIK) is a research institute specialising in the fields of global change, climate impact and sustainable development.
History.
PIK was founded in 1992 by its current director, Hans Joachim Schellnhuber. About 340 people work at the institute that is located on Potsdam's historic Telegrafenberg. Researchers from the natural and social sciences analyze the earth system and develop strategies and solution pathways for a sustainable development.
Partners.
Besides from the Federal Government of Germany, the European Commission and a number of other governments, PIK provides information to international organizations like the World Bank. With the European Institute of Innovation and Technology, PIK founded Climate-KIC (Knowledge and Innovation Community).
PIK scientist contribute to the reports of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), also known as the world's climate council, whose working group on the mitigation of climate change is coordinated by the institute's deputy director and chief economist Ottmar Edenhofer. In 2007, PIK initiated a biennial Nobel Laureates' Symposium.

</doc>
<doc id="18480311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480311" title="Yannick Bolasie">
Yannick Bolasie

Yannick Bolasie (born 24 May 1989) is a footballer who plays as a winger for Crystal Palace. Born in Lyon, he has played in the Football League for Plymouth Argyle, Barnet, Bristol City and his current club. Bolasie has been capped at international level by the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Club career.
Early career.
Bolasie began his career with Rushden & Diamonds at the age of 16. He spent four months as a member of their youth team and then had a spell with Hillingdon Borough before moving across Europe to play for Floriana in the Maltese Premier League. He returned to England in 2008 after being offered a trial with Plymouth Argyle, and impressed enough to be offered a two-year contract. He joined Dagenham & Redbridge on trial, with a view to a loan move, before returning to Rushden & Diamonds on loan near the end of the year. He made his debut against Eastbourne Borough on 29 November, and made seven appearances in the Conference before returning to Argyle in January 2009. Bolasie then joined Barnet on loan, making his Football League debut against Accrington Stanley on 24 January 2009. He scored his first goal two weeks later, opening the scoring in a 3–3 draw against Grimsby Town.
He returned to Argyle at the end of the 2008–09 season having made 20 league appearances for Barnet, scoring three goals. The club's manager, Ian Hendon, was keen to bring Bolasie back, but dismissed the chances of signing him permanently. "Yannick is still under contract at Plymouth, so it is likely that he will return there at the end of the season," he said. He rejoined the Barnet squad in July 2009 ahead of the new season on a six-month loan, and hoped it would act as a springboard to winning a place in the Argyle first team. He scored against Grimsby again in October 2009, capping a fine display with a fierce shot from 30 yards Bolasie scored his second goal of the season three weeks later against Darlington, as Hendon's side maintained a place in the top half of the League Two table.
Plymouth Argyle.
Bolasie returned to Plymouth Argyle in January 2010, having made a further 22 league appearances for Barnet, scoring twice. He was given a chance to impress by Paul Mariner, who had succeeded Sturrock a month earlier, and included him in the squad to take on Barnsley on 13 February 2010. He made his debut for the club in that game, coming off the substitute bench to provide the momentum to turn a one nil deficit into a 3–1 win for the visitors. He scored his first goal for the club two weeks later at Sheffield United. The pacy winger, ended the season with 16 Championship appearances to his name, but could not prevent the club from being relegated to League One. Bolasie was offered a new contract by the club in April 2010, and Bolasie signed it in July after the arrival of Peter Reid as the club's new manager.
Bristol City.
Bolasie was transferred to Bristol City on 6 June 2011 for an undisclosed fee and signed a two-year contract. He scored his first goal for the club in a 3–1 win against Coventry City on 9 April 2012. Prior to the match against Barnsley later that month, Bolasie was named Young Player of the Year by the Supporters Club and Trust after a fans vote. He submitted a written transfer request in August 2012 because he wanted to move back to London.
Crystal Palace.
In August 2012, Bolasie signed a three-year contract with Crystal Palace for an undisclosed fee. He made his debut in a 2–1 defeat at Middlesbrough, and scored his first goal for Palace in a 5–0 win against Ipswich Town. He is a fans favourite and a current member of the strings
International career.
In March 2013, Bolasie was called up to the Democratic Republic of Congo squad, after rejecting the chance to represent the country in the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations. He made his international debut in a 2014 World Cup qualification 0–0 draw with Libya.
Personal life.
Bolasie was born in the French city of Lyon, and moved to England when he was seven months old. His parents were born in Zaire. Lomana LuaLua, Kazenga LuaLua and Trésor Kandol are his cousins.

</doc>
<doc id="18480313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480313" title="Jorge Nicolares">
Jorge Nicolares

Jorge Nicolares (born March 15, 1905, date of death unknown) was an Uruguayan boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Jean Tholey.

</doc>
<doc id="18480316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480316" title="Saint-Petersburg State University of Architecture and Civil Engineering">
Saint-Petersburg State University of Architecture and Civil Engineering

Saint-Petersburg State University of Architecture and Civil Engineering (SPSUACE) () is a Russian federal state-owned higher education institution based in Saint Petersburg. It's the oldest architecture university in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18480320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480320" title="Eugene M. Emme Astronautical Literature Award">
Eugene M. Emme Astronautical Literature Award

The Eugene M. Emme Award is an award given annually to a person or persons selected by a panel of reviewers from the American Astronautical Society History Committee to recognize "the truly outstanding book published each year serving public understanding about the positive impact of astronautics upon society." The award is in honor of Eugene M. Emme, NASA's first historian. 

</doc>
<doc id="18480322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480322" title="Ira J. Kurzban">
Ira J. Kurzban

Ira J. Kurzban is an American civil rights and immigration lawyer. He is the author of "Kurzban's Immigration Law Sourcebook", published by the American Immigration Council. Kurzban received widespread media coverage during the 1980s for his representation of Haitian immigrants in Miami, and, in the 1990s and more recently, for his representation of the Haitian government and its two-time president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Kurzban is a partner in the law firm of Kurzban Kurzban Weinger Tetzeli & Pratt, P.A., of Miami, Florida, and serves as adjunct faculty member in Immigration and Nationality Law at the University of Miami School of Law and the Shepard Broad Law Center of Nova Southeastern University. He is also a founding board member of Immigrants' List, a political action committee focusing on immigration issues.
Academic honors.
Kurzban holds J.D. and M.A. Degrees from the University of California, Berkeley and a B.A. with honors from Syracuse University, where he graduated Phi Beta Kappa. He also holds an honorary law degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School and is also the 2003–04 recipient of the Wasserstein Fellowship at Harvard University Law School.
Professional honors.
Kurzban was the first recipient of the Tobias Simon Pro Bono Award, presented by the Chief Justice of the Florida Supreme Court. He is also the recipient of the Lawyers of the Americas Award for his work on behalf of human rights in this hemisphere given by the University of Miami, The Jack Wasserman Award for excellence in federal litigation and the Edith Lowenstein Memorial Award for excellence in the advancement of immigration law given by the American Immigration Lawyers Association, and the Carol King Award for his effort in immigration law given by the National Lawyers Guild. In 1986 Kurzban was selected by Newsweek magazine, in their commemorative issue on the 100th anniversary of the Statue of Liberty, as one of 100 American heroes for his work on behalf of immigrants. He was also selected by Esquire Magazine as part of America's New Leadership Class. Kurzban has also been named to Who's Who in America, Who's Who in American Law, and Who's Who in the World. He was also called a "legend in the field" and listed among the world's most highly regarded individuals in the International Who's Who of Corporate Immigration Lawyers.
Kurzban served as President (1987–88) of the American Immigration Lawyers Association and has also served as the association's General Counsel.
Litigation.
Kurzban has litigated over 50 federal cases concerning the rights of aliens, including Jean v. Nelson, Commissioner v. Jean, and McNary v Haitian Refugee Center, Inc., which he argued before the United States Supreme Court. He has also litigated numerous cases under the Alien Tort Claims Act and the Torture Victim Protection Act, including obtaining a $500 million judgment against Jean-Claude Duvalier, the former dictator of Haiti.
Haiti and Aristide.
Kurzban also served as U.S. attorney for Haiti’s elected governments since 1991 (led by Jean-Bertrand Aristide (1991 & 1994-96), René Préval (1996-2000), and Aristide again (2000-04)). After Aristide was forced from office and cast into exile, Kurzban has served as the former president's personal attorney in the United States. On March 18, 2011, Aristide, accompanied by Kurzban and others, returned to Haiti.
Publications.
Kurzban's "Sourcebook".
First published in 1990, "Kurzban's Immigration Law Sourcebook" has become one of the most respected one-volume treatises on immigration law, particularly among attorneys, judges, and government officials involved with immigration issues. The original 490-page edition was derived from notes Kurzban used while teaching immigration law. Now in its 13th edition, the "Sourcebook" has since grown to over 2000 pages. The book has been cited by administrative tribunals, federal courts, and state supreme courts.

</doc>
<doc id="18480344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480344" title="Vel (disambiguation)">
Vel (disambiguation)

Vel is the divine javelin/spear of the Hindu deity Murukan.
Vel may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18480350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480350" title="Rosa 'Chrysler Imperial'">
Rosa 'Chrysler Imperial'

Chrysler Imperial is a strongly fragrant, dark red hybrid tea rose cultivar. This variety was bred and publicly debuted by Dr. Walter E. Lammerts of Descanso Gardens, La Cañada, California, USA in 1952. It's stock parents 'Charlotte Armstrong' (cerise pink) and 'Mirandy' (dark oxblood red) are both All American Rose Selections (awarded in 1940 and 1945).
The elegantly tapered buds open into high-centered blossoms with a diameter of about 11 – 13 cm (5 inches) and can have up to 45-50 petals (which is a high number for a hybrid tea rose) with a rich, deep, velvety red color. The cultivar flushes in a chronological blooming pattern throughout its local season, starting in late spring until fall. The long-stemmed rose flowers are long lasting and showy and make excellent cut flowers.
The rose bush reaches 75 to 200 cm (30 to 72 inches) height, and a diameter og 60 to 120 cm (24 to 48 inches). The shrub has an upright form with very thorny canes and semi-glossy dark green foliage. It is not a cold hardy rose (USDA zone 6b through 9b) and needs good sun exposure. Without good air circulation it is susceptible to mildew and blackspot, particularly in cool climates.
Cultivar (PP01528), United States Patent No: PP 1,167.
Official association with Chrysler Corporation (producers of the Chrysler Imperial automobile).
In the 1954 Pasadena Tournament of Roses Parade, 25,000 Chrysler Imperial roses in individual refreshment tubes of water covered the base of the float entered by the City of Detroit, Michigan, US and Chrysler Corporation. The theme of the float was "Life of an American Workman", as Chrysler Corporation founder Walter P. Chrysler had titled his autobiography. The center of this float featured the figure of an American Workman striding out from the pages of a book to strike a heavy hammer upon an anvil from which floral "sparks" flowed, their trains leading in several directions to various Detroit signature products: an automobile, a truck, an airplane, a tank, and a boat.

</doc>
<doc id="18480351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480351" title="1-800-FREE-411">
1-800-FREE-411

1-800-FREE-411 is an American service offering advertising-supported directory assistance, operated by Marchex.
Service.
Callers dial 1-800 (888 or 866)-FREE411 from any phone in the United States to use the toll-free service. Sponsors cover part of the service cost by playing advertising messages during the call. Callers always hear an ad at the beginning of the call, and then another after they have made their request. Callers then identify the city and state for the desired information, and can then search either by name or by business type. Free directory assistance is also available from an application for the iPhone and Android mobile phones, and from their website.
Corporate overview.
The original parent corporation, Jingle Networks, was formed in 2005, and received its initial funding from First Round Capital of $400,000. By the spring of 2008 it had, according to TechCrunch, "captured a six percent market share of directory assistance calls." At that time, Jingle Networks received 20 million calls per month. Since that peak, the company has reported fewer calls, around 15 Million calls per month as consumers shift to smart-phones to get directory information.
On October 23, 2006, Jingle Networks announced that it raised $30 million in fourth round financing from Goldman Sachs and Hearst Corporation. This came after a $26 million round in April 2006, and a $5 million round in December 2005. Also on that date, Jingle Network's CEO volunteered on TechCrunch that his company was losing on average 5 cents for every call they processed. On June 25, 2008, TechCrunch repeated Jingle's press releases that they had reached per-call profitability.
Jingle Networks aims at attracting customers away from an existing fee-based market. The "Wall Street Journal" described it as "inspired by the business model of Google".
From 2005 through the early 2010, Jingle Networks guessed they saved consumers $1 billion based on an inflated rate of $2 a call for directory assistance.
In April 2011, Marchex bought Jingle Networks for $62.5M in combination of cash and stock. Marchex says Jingle Networks will generate more than $26 million in 2011 revenue, up more than 40 percent over 2010. Marchex said it expects call-driven revenue to make up 75 percent of the company’s 2011 revenue.

</doc>
<doc id="18480354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480354" title="Five (Goodbye Mr Mackenzie album)">
Five (Goodbye Mr Mackenzie album)

Five is the third album from the Scottish group Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie. It has a rougher edge to it than the previous albums, partly due to a major grunge influence.

</doc>
<doc id="18480361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480361" title="1811 in France">
1811 in France

"See also:" 
1810 in France, 
1812 in France.
Events from the year 1811 in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18480372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480372" title="Kurdkulag">
Kurdkulag

Kurdkulag may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18480381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480381" title="Proshaberd">
Proshaberd

Proshaberd (, also Boloraberd) is a fortress built in the 13th century by Prince Prosh Khaghbakian. It is located approximately 6-7 kilometers north of the town of Vernashen in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia. Almost one kilometer east is the 14th century Spitakavor Church dedicated to Saint Astvatsatsin. 
Folklore of Proshaberd.
Local folklore tells that long ago the Persians besieged the fortress of Proshaberd which had very strong walls and its own water supply that led to the structure. Due to its impenetrable walls they were not successful, and after several attempts at trying to bring the fortress down they decided to cut off its water supply. Soldiers were unsuccessfully able to locate it, so the leader was advised by one of his men to keep a mule thirsty for seven days and nights and then to let it go for it will search for water. The recommendation was heeded, and after seven days and nights the mule was let free. It went on to search for water, and went precisely to the area where the water supply that led to the fortress was located and started to dig. The Persian army was then able to cut the water supply off, which in turn caused the fortress to surrender.
Prince Prosh fearing possible attacks in the near future is said to have hid his valuables within the walls of Proshaberd and in the nearby mountains and ravines. It is said that, "If one can understand the symbols left by Prince Prosh, then they may possibly locate his lost treasures." A khachkar that sits alone near the road strangely reads, "The treasure is in the head."

</doc>
<doc id="18480387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480387" title="Widowmaker (UK)">
Widowmaker (UK)

Widowmaker were a British hard rock group, who were active from 1975 to 1977. They were considered by many to be a supergroup and released two albums. Although their influences appeared to offer vast creative possibilities, musical and personality differences led to their break-up. The legacy of Widowmaker is captured on the compilation "Straight Faced Fighters" (2002) released by Castle, which contains tracks from both of their albums.
History.
The band was formed by former Mott the Hoople and Spooky Tooth guitarist Luther Grosvenor, also known as Ariel Bender. The original line-up featured vocalist Steve Ellis from Love Affair, guitarist Huw Lloyd-Langton from Hawkwind, Australian bassist Bob Daisley of Chicken Shack and drummer Paul Nicholls who had played with Lindisfarne.
A few months after they had begun rehearsing at Emerson, Lake & Palmer's Manticore Studios in London the quintet were signed to Jet Records owned by Don Arden. A single release "On the Road" followed, in February 1976 and their debut album "Widowmaker" was released in the same year. The line-up for the "Widowmaker" album was augmented in the studio by vocalist and guitarist Bobby Tench from Streetwalkers and Hammond player Zoot Money. "Widowmaker" reached #196 in US and featured an eclectic mix of blues, country, folk and hard rock.
Widowmaker toured the UK with Nazareth and in June 1976 they took part in a series of nationwide stadium all-day concerts under the name of "The Who Put The Boot In" alongside leading rock acts such as, Little Feat, The Sensational Alex Harvey Band, Streetwalkers and The Who, who were the headline act.
Ellis left the band after a tour of North America with Electric Light Orchestra and was replaced by vocalist John Butler and the band recorded their second album "Too Late to Cry". Daisley joined Rainbow and Widowmaker broke up only months after the release of "Too Late to Cry" (1977).
Discography.
Singles.
Taken from the album "Widowmaker"

</doc>
<doc id="18480395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480395" title="Robert C. Maynard Institute for Journalism Education">
Robert C. Maynard Institute for Journalism Education

The Robert C. Maynard Institute for Journalism Education (MIJE), is a nonprofit organization based in Oakland, California emphasizing diversity in journalism. The Maynard Institute is dedicated to training journalists of color and providing accurate representation of minorities in the news media.
Background.
Founded in 1977, the Maynard Institute initially began as a volunteer project of nine working journalists. The project soon progressed into a leading organization devoted to helping the nation’s news media reflect diversity in staffing, content and business operations. Currently, the Institute has graduated over a thousand students.
The Institute was renamed in 1993 in honour of co-founder Robert C. Maynard. His daughter, Dori J. Maynard, has taken over as the President and CEO of the organization.
In July 2008, the Maynard Institute will celebrate its “30 Years and Counting” Anniversary at the Unity Conference in Chicago, Illinois. 
Programs.
The Maynard Institute offers several programs of study each year. Since the 1970s, the Institute has shifted the focus from entry-level reporters to experienced editors and managers and from newsroom basics to advanced skill development.
Summer Program for Minority Journalists (SPMJ).
Held at the University of California, Berkeley, the summer program Summer Program for Minority Journalists (SPMJ) graduated more than 200 students during the 1970s and 1980s. Many SPMJ graduates have gone on to become top editors, managers, and publishers. Others have earned distinguishing awards such as the Pulitzer Prize. 
Editing Program.
Beginning in 1980, the six-week program has trained nearly 200 journalists of color for placement in editing positions and emphasizes on improving copy-editing skills. The program takes place at the Donald W. Reynolds School of Journalism, located on the University of Reno, Nevada campus.
Management Training Center (MTC).
In 1985, the Institute’s Management Training Center became the nation’s first program to train both news and business professionals side-by-side. This arrangement resulted in career advancements for over 200 multicultural newspaper managers. 
Media Academy.
The Media Academy prepares students for promotions to entry-level management roles on both the editorial and business sides of newspapers. The year-long program is overseen by the Institute in collaboration with the Newspaper Association of America.
Previous programs.
Cross-Media Journalism.
Piloted in 2000 at Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism, the program has trained over 35 seasoned professionals to operate more effectively in a dynamic, multimedia environment. The weeklong program covers the framework for journalistic narrative in print, broadcast, and the Internet utilizing the “Fault Lines” of race, class, gender, generation, and geography. 

</doc>
<doc id="18480401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480401" title="OSA-UCS">
OSA-UCS

In colorimetry the OSA-UCS (Optical Society of America Uniform Color Space) is a color space first published in 1947 and developed by the Optical Society of America’s Committee on Uniform Color Scales. Previously created color order systems, such as the Munsell color system, failed to represent perceptual uniformity in all directions. The committee decided that, in order to accurately represent uniform color differences in each direction, a new shape of three dimensional cartesian geometry would need to be used.
History and Development.
The development of the OSA-UCS took place during many years, from 1947-1977. Not long after the first mathematical color model was developed by the CIE, David MacAdam showed that when selecting a color on the CIE chromaticity diagram, it could not be guaranteed that colors of the same perceived color difference around this color were at the same color distance with respect to the reference color. More simply, the Euclidean distance between any two colors on the chromaticity diagram could not be used as a uniform measure of perceived color difference. Immediately following this discovery work began to create a space that would behave uniformly in all directions of color difference.
Starting with a sample of 59 colored tiles of non-uniform color differences, the OSA asked 72 observers to judge color differences between the different sample tiles. From the data collected, formulas were developed and parameters were defined to create the new uniform color space. They chose the reference 10 degree observer and Illuminant D65 to characterize the uniform space and a neutral gray background of 30% reflectance. In the end, 558 color samples were produced - 424 full step and 54 half step - and distributed by the OSA.
Design.
Geometry.
The ideal color solid with points all at an equal distance from a center point is a sphere - however a collection of spheres can not be packed to form a larger solid without gaps. The geometry that the OSA finally chose is a rhombohedral lattice based on a cuboctahedron. Each of the 12 vertices of this solid are equal distance from the center, as well as from each of their neighbors. The last step to completing this geometry was in a rescaling of the vertical L axis, in order to achieve integer coordinate locations for color description. The color distance uniformity is maintained, as only the axis dimensions are scaled, and the scaling is accounted for in the color distance formula.
Coordinate Values.
The three perpendicular dimensions of the OSA-UCS are the lightness dimension L, the jaune dimension j (a yellow/blue opponent dimension) and the green dimension g (a green/red opponent dimension).
Lightness (L).
The lightness scale of the OSA-UCS color solid varies vertically from about -10 to 8. UCS lightness of 0 corresponds to the 30% reflective neutral background gray selected for their samples, while lighter shades have positive values and darker shades have negative values.
Jaune (j).
The jaune dimension of the OSA-UCS color solid runs horizontally and perpendicular to the L dimension. This is a yellow-blue chromatic dimension, varying from positive values appearing more yellowish to negative values appearing more blueish. A j value of 0 lies along the neutral axis.
Green (g).
The green dimension of the OSA-UCS runs horizontally perpendicular to both the L and j dimensions. This green-red chromatic axis varies from more greenish positive values to more pinkish negative values. Again, a g value of 0 lies along the neutral (L) axis.
Color Groupings.
The cuboctahedron structure of the OSA-UCS color solid can be geometrically divided into 9 planes, known as cleavage planes. These 9 cleavage planes are defined as:
Color Difference.
OSA-UCS color difference is defined by the simple Euclidian distance between two colors in the color space, that takes into account the scaling done to the L axis. The formula used to calculate color difference between color 1 and 2 is:
Due to the design of the system, the color difference between two neighbors in the OSA-UCS color space is always 2. Small color differences can be accurately calculated using this formula. Larger color differences, however, require a non-linear correction for accuracy.
Color Transformations.
Although there is no direct conversion between OSA-UCS and CIEXYZ, analytic conversion methods have been created and tested for accuracy.
CIEXYZ to OSA-UCS.
To perform an analytical conversion from OSA-UCS to CIEXYZ, the following steps should be followed. First a factor representing the Helmholtz-Kohlrausch effect must be calculated from the x and y chromaticity coordinates:
Next determine the modified luminous reflectance:
Then calculate the lightness and chroma modification factor:
Convert the XYZ values to RGB using the linear matrix transformation:
Last, calculate a and b:
and multiply them by C to obtain OSA-UCS g and j:

</doc>
<doc id="18480403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480403" title="Bible translations into Dutch">
Bible translations into Dutch

Philips of Marnix, lord of Saint-Aldegonde (1538–1598), who was among the leaders of the Dutch War of Independence wrote one of the earliest Bible translations into Dutch. His translation influenced the later Statenvertaling or "States' Bible."
The first official Bible translation into Dutch directly from Greek and Hebrew sources was the "Statenvertaling". It was ordered by the States-General at the Synod of Dort in 1618/19, and first published in 1637. It soon became the generally accepted translation for Reformed churches in the Netherlands and remained so well into the 20th century. It was supplanted to a large extent in 1951 by the "Nederlands Bijbelgenootschap" (NBG) translation, which still uses relatively old-fashioned language.
Modern language translations are "Groot Nieuws Bijbel" (GNB), International Bible Society's "Het Boek", and the Roman Catholic "Willibrordvertaling". In 2004, the "Nieuwe Bijbelvertaling" (NBV) translation appeared, which was produced by an ecumenical translation team, and is intended as an all-purpose translation for pulpit and home use; however, there has been much criticism on its accuracy.
Around the same time, there has also been much work on very literal, idiolect translations, such as the Naarden translation of 2004, Albert Koster's translation of the Old Testament, a work in progress since 1991, and the Torah translation of the Societas Hebraica Amstelodamensis.
In December 2010, the "Herziene Statenvertaling" (revised States Bible) was released.

</doc>
<doc id="18480412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480412" title="Center for the Arts, University at Buffalo">
Center for the Arts, University at Buffalo

The Center for the Arts at the University at Buffalo is a cultural institution established in 1994 on the University at Buffalo North Campus in Amherst. The building is multi-purposed, serving primarily as a public venue for theatrical and artistic performances and showings, and also as a teaching facility for students in disciplines such as media studies, art, theatre, and dance.
The Center for the Arts presents a wide range of high quality performing arts and visual arts for the University, the State and the region, and enhances and augment the academic activities of the fine and performing arts departments at the University at Buffalo.
Through its facilities and programs, the Center for the Arts plays a significant role in accomplishing the mission of the University, presenting enriched educational and cultural opportunities through University performances, state and regional events, and national and international touring productions and exhibits. 
History.
Designed by Gwathmey Siegel & Architects Associates LLC, the building was erected for $50 million. The facility was opened by the fall semester of 1994 as the Fine Arts Center, and was renamed the Center for the Arts, its current name, later that year.
Theatres.
Mainstage Theatre.
Seating 1750, the Mainstage is the largest theatre in the Center. Featuring entirely professional productions, this theatre features a computer-tunable wall system for acoustics, a movable proscenium, a custom built orchestra shell, and a large wide by deep stage.
Drama Theatre.
The Center's other proscenium theatre, the Drama Theatre is a smaller theatre (seating 400). Like its larger companion, it too features a movable proscenium. It is fully trapped. It is wide by deep.
Black Box Theatre.
The smallest of the theatres in the facility, the Black Box Theatre, is designed with the standard flexibility of a Black box theater, supporting 175 seats in various configurations.
Arts in Healthcare.
The Arts in Healthcare Initiative, established by the UB Center for the Arts, brings arts programming to the patients, visitors, and staff of Roswell Park Cancer Institute and Women and Children's Hospital of Buffalo.
The arts transform the hospital environment by engaging individuals in creative activities, enhancing the healthcare experience and encouraging physical and emotional well-being.
The Arts in Healthcare Initiative consists of twelve professional Artists in Residence with extensive experience in writing, music, dance, theater and the visual arts from Buffalo's vast cultural community. Artists work daily with the hospital population in waiting areas and playrooms as well as at the bedside and intimate patient care areas. Artists facilitate the creative process, allowing for enhanced communication, personal expression, understanding, distraction, and healing.

</doc>
<doc id="18480445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480445" title="Tobinsport, Indiana">
Tobinsport, Indiana

Tobinsport, Indiana is a small unincorporated community located along the Ohio River in Tobin Township, Perry County, Indiana, United States. Directly across the river is Cloverport, Kentucky. It is at the southernmost point of Perry County and the southernmost settlement in Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="18480464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480464" title="Ren Shields">
Ren Shields

Ren Shields was an American folk musician born in 1868 in Chicago, Illinois. He died on 25 October 1913 in Massapequa, New York. He co-wrote the song with George "Honey Boy" Evans "In the Good Old Summer Time" amongst other songs such as "Dreamy Eyes", and "Come, take a Trip in My Air-ship".
Biography.
He was the lyricist for turn of century popular song Steamboat Bill with music by Bert Leighton.
He was a member of the vaudeville team of Shields and Maximillian. He was also a member of the Friars, White Rats, the Vaudville Comedy Club.
His other Popular Songs.
Ren Shields (lyricist); George Evans (composer) (Chas. K. Harris, 1911)
Ren Shields (lyricist); Geo. Christie (composer) (M. Witmark & Sons, 1908)
Ren Shields (lyricist); George Evans (composer) (Jerome H. Remick & Co., 1905)
Ren Shields (lyricist); Will D. Cobb (composer); Ed. Moran (composer); J. Fred Helf (composer) (Hitland Music Publishers 1418 Broadway, 1909)
Ren Shields (lyricist); Bros (composer) (F.B. Haviland Publ. Co., New Zealand Building, Broadway & 37th St., 1911)
Ren Shields (lyricist); George Evans (composer) (Howley, Haviland & Dresser, 1260-1266 Broadway, 1902)
Ren Shields (lyricist); Kerry Mills (composer) (F.A. Mills, 122 W. 36th St., 1909)
Ren Shields (lyricist); Percy Wenrich (composer) (Jos. W. Stern & Co., 102-104 W. 38th St., 1908)
Ren Shields (lyricist(); J. Fred Helf (composer) (Hitland Music Publishers 1418 Broadway, 1908)
Ren Shields (lyricist); Leighton Bros (composer) (F.A. Mills, 122 West 36th St., 1910)
Ren Shields (lyricist) George Christie (composer) (M. Witmark & Sons)
Death.
Shortly before his death he became penniless stemming from developing a form of dementia which disabled him to take care of his affairs. Some of his theatrical colleagues looked after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18480466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480466" title="Hadab al-Fawwar">
Hadab al-Fawwar

Hadab al-Fawwar (, "lit." Sparkling Slope) is a Palestinian village located seven kilometers southwest of Hebron. The village is in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 1,918 in 2007. The primary health care facilities for the village are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18480469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480469" title="John F. Kennedy Memorial Causeway">
John F. Kennedy Memorial Causeway

The John F. Kennedy Memorial Causeway is a paved highway located in Corpus Christi, Texas.
Crossing the Laguna Madre and connecting North Padre Island with the Texas mainland. Construction began in February 1949 and it opened on June 17, 1950
Later renamed by area leaders in the 1960s, the 4.5 mile long raised roadway structure was originally called the North Padre Island Causeway. The current bridge over the Intracoastal Waterway was designed and built in the 1970s, and was the first post-tensioned concrete segmental bridge built in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18480470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480470" title="24 cm Kanone 3">
24 cm Kanone 3

The 24 cm Kanone 3 (24 cm K 3) was a German heavy siege gun used in the Second World War by the first battalion of Artillerie-Regiment 84. Four were in service when Germany invaded Poland, assigned to the first two batteries of I./AR 84. In the Battle of France the battalion still only had four guns. By Operation Barbarossa all three batteries were equipped with two guns apiece. This situation did not change for the next two years.
Design & History.
The K 3's gun design was nothing innovative, but the same cannot be said for the carriage. Rheinmetall placed a lot of emphasis on ease of assembly. It did not require a crane because it used electric winches, mounted on the carriage, to pull various parts through a system of inclined ramps, guide rails and runways. It also used the Rheinmetall's dual-recoil system, first seen on the 21 cm Mörser 18. The barrel recoiled normally in its cradle, but, in addition, the whole top carriage, which carried the barrel and its cradle, recoiled across the main part of the carriage. This system damped out the recoil forces and made for a very steady firing platform. 
The K 3 was a gigantic weapon that was transported in six loads. These consisted of the firing platform, the carriage, the cradle, the barrel, the breech and an electric generator.
The Wehrmacht was not content with the gun's performance: "It was felt to be wasteful of time and manpower, the transport arrangements were cumbersome and the performance was not considered to be commensurate with the size of weapon." These led to experiments by Krupp and Rheinmetall to extend the range. These included "pre-grooved" projectiles which showed no significant improvement, squeeze-bore, discarding sabot and even a smoothbore version. None of these reached beyond the experimental stage.

</doc>
<doc id="18480471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480471" title="France–Libya relations">
France–Libya relations

France as Middle-Eastern Arms Dealer.
Libya developed particularly close relations with France after the June 1967 War, when France relaxed its arms embargo on nonfront-line Middle East combatants and agreed to sell weapons to the Libyans such as Mirage 5 aircraft. In 1974 Libya and France signed an agreement whereby Libya exchanged a guaranteed oil supply for technical assistance and financial cooperation. By 1976, however, Libya began criticizing France as an "arms merchant" because of its willingness to sell weapons to both sides in the Middle East conflict because France was also Israel's primary arms supplier (from its modern 1948 Independence War until the mid-1960s), including selling Israel the same Mirage 5 fighters as it sold Libya. Libya later criticized France for its willingness to sell arms to Egypt. Far more serious was Libya's dissatisfaction with French military intervention in the Western Sahara, Chad, and Zaire. In 1978, Muammar Gaddafi noted that although economic relations were good, political relations were not, and he accused France of having reverted to a colonialist policy that former French president Charles de Gaulle had earlier abandoned.
Chadian Civil War.
In the 1980s, Libyan-French discord centered on the situation in Chad. As mentioned, the two countries found themselves supporting opposite sides in the Chadian Civil War. In late 1987, there were 1,300 French troops in Chad, primarily defending the Chadian capital N'DJamena from attack, including an air attack using Tupolev Tu-22 strategic bombers; France also gave $90 million in military aid to Chad that year.". However, French policy did not permit its forces to cross the sixteenth parallel. Thus, direct clashes with Libyan soldiers seemed unlikely. However, Libyan diplomats still accused France of having "direct responsibility" in the escalation of the war, and the Libyan news agency JANA called the raid a "combined Franco-American military action" and charged that Washington and Paris were "behind the aggression against Libya."
UTA Flight 772.
French-Libyan relations deteriorated substantially in the aftermath of the 1989 UTA Flight 772 bombing. On 19 September 1989, a McDonnell Douglas DC-10 airliner operated by French airline UTA (Union de Transports Aeriens) as UTA Flight 772, was destroyed by a bomb in the cargo hold, killing all 170 passengers and crew (including 54 French nationals). France blamed Libya for the attack. The cour d'assise de Paris found six Libyans guilty of the attack and awarded the families of the UTA victims sums ranging from €3 000 to €30 000 depending on their relationship to the dead. The French relatives' group "Les Familles du DC10 d'UTA" signed an agreement on 9 January 2004 with the Gaddafi International Foundation for Charity Associations accepting a compensation payment of $170 million United States dollars, or $1 million for each of the 170 UTA victims. Similarly, US District Judge Henry H. Kennedy (of the District of Columbia) also found Libya directly responsible for the bombing in 2007 (in a trial brought by the families of 7 US nationals killed on the flight). France, as well as other nations affected by this bombing, have continued to seek financial compensation from Libya.
Libyan civil war.
On 10 March 2011, France was the first country in the world to recognise the National Transitional Council as the legitimate government of Libya, in the context of the Libyan civil war against Muammar Gaddafi.
French Rafale and Mirage 2000 fighter planes also conducted the first military strikes against Gaddafi's forces by the Western nations and the United Nations - on 19 March 2011 approximately 20 such French warplanes destroyed Libyan tanks and armored vehicles. Some reports state that these French air strikes began even before the end of the emergency meetings in Paris between the leaders of the Western nations and therefore were not coordinated with the air strikes of other nations, causing some friction among the allies.
After the NTC dissolved its Executive Board on 8 August and tasked its chairman, Mahmoud Jibril, with forming a new one, France called the move "a sovereign decision". In a statement, the French Foreign Ministry said a new board should be "rapidly designated".

</doc>
<doc id="18480485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480485" title="Gerald Ellis Rosen">
Gerald Ellis Rosen

Gerald Ellis Rosen (born October 26, 1951 in Chandler, Arizona) is an American judge who was nominated by President George H. W. Bush to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan in November 1989 and was invested in March 1990. He is currently the Chief Judge of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.
Professional career.
Prior to taking the bench, Judge Rosen was a Senior Partner in the law firm of Miller, Canfield, Paddock and Stone. While at Miller Canfield, Judge Rosen was a trial lawyer, specializing in commercial, employment and constitutional litigation and litigated a number of important, high-profile cases.
Judge Rosen began his professional career in Washington, D.C. as a Legislative Assistant to United States Senator Robert P. Griffin of Michigan. Judge Rosen served on Senator Griffin's staff in Washington for five years, from February 1974 through January 1979, during which time he was intimately involved in some of the most significant and challenging issues of the period. While serving as Senator Griffin's Legislative Assistant, Judge Rosen attended the George Washington University Law School at night, and obtained his Juris Doctor degree in May 1979. (He is now a member of the Law School's Board of Advisors). Judge Rosen's undergraduate degree is from Kalamazoo College.
Judge Rosen has written and published articles for professional journals and the popular press on a wide range of issues, including civil procedure, evidence, due process, criminal law, labor law and legal advertising, as well as numerous other topics. He is also a co-author of "Federal Civil Trials and Evidence", "Federal Employment Litigation" and "Michigan Civil Trials and Evidence" and is the Senior Editor of West Publishing Company's Michigan Practice Guide series. For five years prior to taking the Bench, Judge Rosen co-chaired the Judicial Evaluation Committee for the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. In 1982, Judge Rosen was the Republican candidate for Congress in Michigan's 17th congressional district, losing to Congressman Sander Levin (D. Mi.).
For eighteen years, Judge Rosen has been an Adjunct Professor of Law, teaching Evidence at University of Michigan Law School, Wayne State University Law School, University of Detroit Law School and Thomas M. Cooley Law School. Judge Rosen frequently lectures at continuing legal education seminars for both lawyers and State and Federal Judges. He has also lectured at numerous International conferences, and represented the United States government as part of the U.S. State Department's Rule of Law program in Moscow, Russia and Tbilisi, Georgia, consulting with legal scholars and judges from those nations on the draft of their constitutions and organization of their legal system. Most recently, he lectured to high-ranking Chinese Judges at the Supreme People's Court in Beijing, China and Egyptian judges in Cairo, as well as lecturing at Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
From 1995-2001, Judge Rosen served on the U.S. Judicial Conference's Committee on Criminal Law. As a member of that Committee, he was actively involved in developing sentencing and criminal law and procedure policy for the Judicial Branch of the US Government. Judge Rosen was also selected by his colleagues to serve on the Board of Directors of the Federal Judges Association.
Interests.
Beyond his professional work, Judge Rosen is involved with several charitable and community organizations, including serving on the Board of Directors of Focus: HOPE and the Michigan Chapter of the Federalist Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18480494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480494" title="Bible translations into Finnish">
Bible translations into Finnish

The first Finnish translation of the New Testament was Mikael Agricola's "Se Wsi Testamenti Somexi" (The New Testament in Finnish), which was translated from Greek originals into Finnish in 1548. Agricola is today considered the father of literary Finnish.
The first translation of the whole Bible was the so-called "Vanha kirkkoraamattu" (Old Church Bible), titled "Biblia, Se on: Coco Pyhä Ramattu Suomexi". This edition was translated between 1638 and 1641 by a committee led by Bishop Erik Rothovius and was published in 1642. It was revised in between 1683 and 1685 (Florinus).
As the Finnish written and spoken language evolved during the centuries and literacy became commonplace also amongst the laypeople, a need for a new edition arose. The so-called "Biblia" or "Vuoden 1776 raamattu" (1776 Bible) was published in 1776. This was the first edition meant not only for ecclestical but also for domestic use, and was the first to be written in Modern Finnish. It was revised in 1859. The 1776 Bible is the version used by two revival movements (the Laestadians and the "Beseechers") within the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland even today. This is because it, unlike the newer translations, is based on the Textus Receptus, as is, for instance, the English King James Version.
Again a new translation was needed in the early 20th century, and a translation committee was set up in 1911. It had its work ready 1933. The full edition of the Bible was published in 1938. This edition is often referred to as the "Vuoden 1938 kirkkoraamattu" (1938 Church Bible). It was translated by the Finnish Lutheran Church and intended for Lutheran use. As the method of translation was "one source language word - one Finnish word", its text is very archaizing, and it uses dialectal terms obsolete even during the era. The 1938 edition consisted of Old Testament, deuterocanonicals and New Testament.
The latest official Finnish translation dates from 1992, the so-called "Uusi kirkkoraamattu" (New Church Bible). It is the first Finnish ecumenical edition; the translation committee consisted not only of the representatives of the Finnish Lutheran Church, but also of academics and representatives of the Finnish Orthodox Church and Finnish Catholic Church, and is intended for the use of all Christian denominations. The principle of the 1992 edition is contextual translation; instead of verbatim translation, translation in context has been attempted as accurately as possible. The initial edition consisted of only the New and Old Testaments: the translation of the Old Testament deuterocanonicals were finished only in 2004.
"Uuden Maailman käännös" (New World Translation) is an unofficial Finnish translation of the Bible, used by Jehovah's Witnesses. It has been translated from its English version rather than from the original Aramaic and Greek. 

</doc>
<doc id="18480513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480513" title="Elpidio González">
Elpidio González

Elpidio González (August 1, 1875 – October 18, 1951) was an Argentine politician of the Radical Civic Union. He was Vice President from 1922 to 1928 in the Marcelo T. de Alvear administration.
González studied in Rosario for his elementary and secondary education. He studied Law at the National University of Córdoba but he did not finish. He was a close friend of Hipólito Yrigoyen and played a part in the 1905 Revolution, where he was arrested.
González obtained his Law Degree at the National University of La Plata in 1907. In 1912 he was elected National Deputy for the city of Buenos Aires and in 1916 he was elected National Deputy for Córdoba Province.
When Yrigoyen was elected president (1916-1922) he served as Minister of War between 1916 and 1918 and as Buenos Aires Chief of Police between 1918 and 1921. In 1921 he was elected President of the Radical Civic Union party. In 1922 he was elected vice president on the Marcelo T. de Alvear ticket (1922-1928), after defeating a conservative party alliance called the "Concertación Nacional". During his administration he opposed the president on many issues as part of a conflict between Yrigoyen's followers and the "Antipersonalist" faction of the Radical Union.
In 1928 during Yrigoyen's second administration (1928-1930) he served as Interior Minister until the military coup of September 6, 1930, which led to his incarceration for two years.
He refused to receive the pension as vice president of the nation and in his last years, he worked as a seller for Anilinas Colibír company. He died in absolute poverty.

</doc>
<doc id="18480514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480514" title="Thomas Raines">
Thomas Raines

Thomas Raines (August 13, 1842 Canandaigua, Ontario County, New York - August 12, 1924 Rochester, Monroe County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician.
Life.
He was the son of Rev. John Raines (1818–1877) and Mary (Remington) Raines (1815–1889).
He was New York State Treasurer from 1872 to 1875, elected on the Republican ticket in 1871, and re-elected as a Liberal Republican on the Democratic ticket in 1873. In May 1874, he suffered a nervous breakdown and was described in the press as a "raving lunatic", being "stark mad", and suffering from "religious frenzy". He was declared incapacitated, and sent to the Utica State Asylum for treatment. On June 1, Abraham Lansing was appointed Treasurer by Governor John Adams Dix, pending Raines's recovery or a decision by the State Legislature which would convene only next January. After recovering his mental health, Raines was reinstated to the Treasury by Governor Dix on August 19, 1874.
He was admitted to the bar in 1879, and became a special county judge of Monroe County in 1883.
In 1911, he was President of the Monroe County Bar Association. 
Congressman John Raines (1840–1909) and State Senator George Raines (1846–1908) were his brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="18480527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480527" title="George &quot;Honey Boy&quot; Evans">
George &quot;Honey Boy&quot; Evans

George Evans (10 March 1870 – 5 March 1915) known as "Honey Boy" Evans was a Welsh-born songwriter, comedian, entertainer, and musician active in the United States in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Biography.
Evans was born in Pontotlyn, Wales in 1870. In 1910, he bought the Cohan & Harris Minstrels organization for $25,000, that were known as the Honey Boy Minstrels.
Among other songs, he co-wrote with Ren Shields "In the Good Old Summer Time". He had a well known minstrel show troupe, the "Honey Boy Minstrels". He debuted "The Memphis Blues" on vaudeville.
Evans became a great baseball fan after moving to America as a young man. Beginning in 1908 he had a beautiful loving cup individually designed and given to the "World's Championship Batsman",the player having the highest batting average in all of Major League Baseball. Honus Wagner, the great Pittsburgh Pirate shortstop, won the initial award in 1908. Ty Cobb,the fabulous "Georgia Peach",swept the next 4 trophy's from 1909 to 1912. Evans stopped issuing the award in 1913. 
He died at Union Baptist Hospital in Baltimore of stomach cancer on 5 March 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="18480534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480534" title="In the Good Old Summer Time">
In the Good Old Summer Time

"In the Good Old Summer Time" is an American Tin Pan Alley song first published in 1902 with music by George Evans and lyrics by Ren Shields.
Background.
Shields and Evans were at first unsuccessfully trying to sell the song to one of New York's big sheet music publishers. The publishers thought the topic of the song doomed it to be forgotten at the end of the summer season. Blanche Ring, who had helped Evans arrange the number's piano score, was enthusiastic about it and at her urging it was added to the 1902 musical comedy show "The Defender" she was appearing in. The song was a hit from the opening night, with the audience often joining in singing the chorus.
"In the Good Old Summer Time" was one of the big hits of the era, selling popular sheet music and being recorded by various artists of the day, including John Philip Sousa's band in 1903. It has remained a standard often revived in the decades since.
The song appeared in many films, including the Judy Garland film named after it; In the Good Old Summertime. The book "Elmer Gantry" opens with the title character drunkenly singing the song in the saloon.
The song appeared in an episode of the hit PBS show Arthur, and featured in the 1930 Laurel and Hardy short "Below Zero" in ironical terms, sung during a snowstorm.
The chorus is used with a slight twist in Baylor University's song, "That Good Old Baylor Line."
Lyrics.
The original publication includes extensive additional lyrics by Ren Shields that are seldom performed.

</doc>
<doc id="18480536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480536" title="Moyez Manzil">
Moyez Manzil

The Moyez Manzil Palace located in Faridpur, Bangladesh was the seat of the Biwshash zamindar family in Faridpur. The Moyez Manzil Palace was one of the first great landlord palaces built in eastern Bengal during British rule.
Surroundings.
Moyez Manzil is situated right at the heart of the old colonial town and is just adjacent to the Circuit House. It stands still quite impressively, on 27 bighas of land with gardens, orchards and lawns and is painted in a dazzling white. Some members of the family reside inside the compound. Originally the compound was over 55 bighas, but in early 1900s, the plots on which the current Halima Girls High School and Moyezuddin High School were separated out of the main block of land through the making of some roads through them.
History.
Construction finished in 1885. The palace was built at a cost of 11 lakh of rupees, an amount donated by each Zamindar of the family from their annual incomes. The palace is the one of the most impressive among the several built by the family. It was again renovated in 1916. The family also built several other palaces across Faridpur. They include Biwshash Bari Palace, Chowdhury Bari Palace and Biwshash Bari II. The remaining ones are located in Chanpur and stand across a continuous block of 600 bighas ( 200 acres ) of land and the biggest of them has 172 bedrooms. 
Chowdhury Moyezuddin Biwshash, the legendary Zamindar of Faridpur and also head of the family moved into the palace in 1886 making it the official seat of the vast estate which covered most of Faridpur. The palace was home to Moyezuddin's sons: eminent anti-British revolutionists Chowdhury Abdallah Zaheeruddin (Lal Mia), Yusuf Ali Chowdhury Mohon Mia and Enayet Hossain Chowdhury Tara Mia who became leading politicians in the Pakistan era. It also hosted political, socio-economic and cultural conventions. Moyez Manzil was the only palace outside Dhaka in the whole of East Bengal to be visited regularly by the great political leaders of the subcontinent. They included Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, Sher-e-Bangla A. K. Fazlul Huq, Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy and Sir Muhammad Zafrulla Khan. The place has been visited also by Mahatma Gandhi, celebrated actors and actresses of Indian film industry from the 1930 and 40s, and most of the eminent politicians including Presidents and Prime Ministers of Pakistan across the 1950 and 1960s. 
It has several dozen bed rooms across 4 buildings, a beautiful mosque, mausoleum of Chowdhury Moyezuddin Bishwash and his immediate family members, and 2 large ponds. 

</doc>
<doc id="18480562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480562" title="Youse's Maryland Orioles">
Youse's Maryland Orioles

Youse's Maryland Orioles are a collegiate summer baseball team based in Linthicum, Maryland. Most of its players are drawn from the college ranks. The team is a member of the Cal Ripken, Sr. Collegiate Baseball League (CRSCBL). The Maryland Orioles play their weekday home games at Bachman Park and weekend games at Calvert Hall High School. Since its founding in 1952, the team has sent at least 48 players to the Major Leagues, including Hall of Famers Al Kaline and Reggie Jackson.
History.
Youse's Maryland Orioles were founded in 1952 by the Leone Family of Baltimore Maryland. Although the team has changed name and management on several occasions since then, it has been in continuous operation. The team currently competes in both Cal Ripken, Sr. Collegiate Baseball League and the All America Amateur Baseball Association ("AAABA").
Named for Walter Youse, who served as head coach from 1957 to his death in 2005, the team is sometimes called the "Orioles Scouting Team. The team has won the AAABA Championship 26 times. The team joined the CRSCBL as a founding team in 2005 and has tied for the season championship of that league once, in 2007. In 2008 the Orioles won the 2008 regular season with a record of 34–7 and won the post-season tournament. In 2008 the team also won its 26th AAABA title, and its sixth consecutive AAABA title.
Championships.
All-American Amateur Baseball Association
Cal Ripken, Sr. Collegiate Baseball League
References.
Tom Phebas
John Miller
Dave Boswell
Jim Spencer
Barry Setrone
Charlie Sands
Willie Akiens

</doc>
<doc id="18480573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480573" title="Persi">
Persi

Persi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18480576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480576" title="Andy Murdoch">
Andy Murdoch

Andrew (Andy) Murdoch (born 25 June 1970) is a Scottish former footballer who spent most of his career as a goalkeeper for Partick Thistle. Murdoch Began his career with Celtic and had two separate loan spells with Partick before becoming their record signing in February 1991 for a fee of £85,000. Murdoch moved out of the senior game in 1995 to join the police and spent time with Greenock Juniors before returning to Thistle for a final short spell. He also played with Johnstone Burgh.
Murdoch was involved in one of Scottish football's more bizarre moments when Paddy Connolly was denied a hat-trick during his time at Dundee United, when referee Les Mottram failed to notice his shot had come back from the inside stanchion in a February 1993 match against Partick. Despite defender Martin Clark handing the ball back to Murdoch to restart, Mottram missed the goal and handball to wave play on, with Connolly scoring twice in the match in a 4-0 win. Mottram went on to referee in the 1994 World Cup the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="18480579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480579" title="Thierry de Montbrial">
Thierry de Montbrial

Thierry de Montbrial is a French economics and international relations specialist and researcher.
Biography.
He is the son of François de Montbrial, inspector-general of the Bank of France and Monique Lecuyer-Corthis. He married Marie-Christine de Montbrial (née Balling) in 1967, who is a movie producer (StarDance Pictures) and daughter of Charles Balling (born in 1912; X in 1935). He is the father of Thibault de Montbrial, lawyer and of Alexandra de Montbrial. He graduated from the École Polytechnique (1963) and from the École des Mines (1966). He received his doctorate in Economics from the University of California, Berkeley in the United States. He directed the Center of Analysis and Prevision (CAP) for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs prior to Jean-Louis Gergorin.
Academic positions.
He founded the Department of Economics of the École Polytechnique where he was president until 1992. He is the director of the trimestrial Politique étrangère and teaches at the Conservatoire national des arts et métiers and for the Master Recherche Relations internationales of Panthéon-Assas University.
He created in (1979) and leads the Institut français des relations internationales (IFRI) that publishes the annual "Ramsès" report. Member of the Director Committee of the Bilderberg conferences since 1976. He is member of the council of the Centre d'études prospectives et d'informations internationales (CEPII) and is on the editorial board of Foreign Policy. In 2010 was accepted as corresponding academician in the Royal Academy of Economics and Financial Sciences of Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18480581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480581" title="Leyna">
Leyna

Leyna is an American feminine given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18480589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480589" title="Pentalobus barbatus">
Pentalobus barbatus

Pentalobus barbatus is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.

</doc>
<doc id="18480597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480597" title="P. K. Monnappa">
P. K. Monnappa

Rao Bahadur Pemmanda K. Monnappa was an accomplished police officer of South India, in fact the most accomplished of his times. He served in three Southern states, Madras (before its disintegration), Hyderabad (Andhra Pradesh) and Mysore (Karnataka), at different times. However he is to be best remembered for his valuable contributions towards the integration of Hyderabad into the Union. Monnappa had an exemplary career in the Public Service, reflected duly by his titles and medals.
Biography.
P. K. Monnappa was born and brought up in Kodagu, India. He joined as a Police Inspector in Madras service in the 1920s and served in various levels until he rose up to the position of Inspector-General of Police in Madras province in 1948. Those days Andhra Pradesh was divided between the British Indian province of Madras and the princely state of Hyderabad. He was made Inspector-General of Police, the highest position in the police of Hyderabad State, after Operation Polo. He had served the regions of Kurnool and Guntur in Andhra Pradesh. Mr. Monnappa was instrumental in suppressing the Razakars rebellion in Andhra Pradesh as the Inspector-General of Police. The then Union Home Minister, Sardar Vallabbhai Patel, had chosen Mr. Monnappa to quell the mutiny in Hyderabad.
He became the Inspector-General of Andhra state from 1953 and of Mysore from 1956. Later, after the reorganisation of the States in the country in 1956, Mr. Monnappa became the first Inspector General of Police of Karnataka State, which was then called the Mysore State, under the S. Nijalingappa government. Known for his simplicity and integrity, he was a disciplined and efficient administrator. Monnappa became an inspiration for generations of police officers. By the year 1959 he retired from police service.
Title.
Rao Bahadur (also Rai Bahadur; abbreviated R.B.) was a title of honour accompanied by a medal, issued in India during the era of British rule, to individuals who have performed great service to the nation. Known as "Roy Bahadur" in Bengal, "Khan Bahadur" among Muslims and Parsis and "Sardar Bahadur" among Sikhs, it is the equivalent of an OBE (Order of the British Empire). Literally translated, "Rao" implies "prince", and "Bahadur" means "most honorable". "Rao Sahib" (also "Rai Sahib") and "Diwan Bahadur" were other titles awarded by the Raj to Indians.
During the British Raj, Mr. Monnappa became a police inspector, was made an officer of the IP (Imperial Police) cadre, and eventually he became the Director General of Police of Madras State. The Raj, in recognition of his meritorious service, conferred on him the title ‘Rao Saheb’, at first, and, later, ‘Rao Bahadur’.
During Operation Polo.
Operation Polo, code name for The Hyderabad Police Action , was a military operation in September 1948 in which the Indian armed forces engaged those of the State of Hyderabad and ended the rule of Nizam, annexing the state into the Indian Union. The operation took place after Nizam Osman Ali Khan, Asif Jah VII decided not to join the princely State of Hyderabad to either India or Pakistan after the partition of India. The Nisam's defiance was backed by armed militias, known as Razakars, and had the moral support of Pakistan. After a stalemate in negotiations between the Nizam and India, and wary of a hostile independent state in the centre of India, Deputy Prime Minister Sardar Patel decided to annex the state of Hyderabad. He sent the Indian army and the Hyderabad State Forces were defeated within five days.
On the morning of September 13, 1948 five infantry battalions and an armoured regiment of the battle hardened Indian Army under the command of Maj Gen J N Chaudhry entered the princely state of Hyderabad, over a year after Independence and after the patience of the new Indian Union was tested beyond endurance. The Nizam of Hyderabad, like the Maharaja of Jammu & Kashmir, too entertained notions of an independent state and had so far managed to avoid accession. In the meantime the Nizam sought to widen the issue by moving the United Nations, took the advice and assistance of Pakistan, and began stockpiling arms. The Times in London reported on August 9, 1948 that the Hyderabad army was strengthened to 40,000 and supplies of arms were being received, presumably from Pakistan. The Prime Minister of Hyderabad Mir Laiq Ali boasted that if "the Indian government takes any action against Hyderabad, 100,000 men are ready to fight. We also have a hundred bombers in Saudi Arabia ready to bomb Bombay!".
Within the Nizam's realm, Razakars led by Kasim Razvi, had stepped up their campaign. On 16 September, faced with imminent defeat, the Nizam summoned the Prime Minister Mir Laik Ali and requested his resignation by the morning of the following day. The resignation was delivered along with the resignations of the entire cabinet. On the noon of 17 September, a messenger brought a personal note from the Nizam to India's Agent General to Hyderabad, K.M. Munshi summoning him to the Nizam's office at 1600 hours. At the meeting, the Nizam stated "The vultures have resigned. I don't know what to do". Munshi advised the Nizam to secure the safety of the citizens of Hyderabad by issuing appropriate orders to the Commander of the Hyderabad State Army, Major General El Edroos. Munshi also suggested that the Nizam might make a broadcast welcoming the Indian "Police action" and withdrawing his complaint to the Security Council. Munshi explained and offered to help draft the speech. The speech was in English. Nobody bothered to translate it into Urdu. After the broadcast the Nizam drove back to King Kothi Palace to brood. Major General El Edroos offered his surrender of the Hyderabad State Forces to Major General (later General and Army Chief) Joyanto Nath Chaudhuri at Secunderabad. Within five days the "police action", actually a military operation, was all but over. The Nizam received the ceremonial post of Rajpramukh (equivalent to a Governor) in 1950, but resigned from this office when the states were re-organized in 1956.
Following the escape of Mir Laiq Ali after his resignation and Hyderabad's surrender, PK Monnappa, IP, then Inspector-General of Police from Madras State, had been specially brought in to replace BBS Jetley. Later he quelled the unrest that followed in the aftermath of Operation Polo when landlords who supported the Nizam terrorised the common people in Nalgonda in Hyderabad in around 1950 as police chief of Hyderabad under Home Minister Sardar Patel's command.
During States' Reorganisation of Indian Union.
In 1956 the reorganization of states was done in India on linguistic basis. On the same lines the Mysore state came in existence that year. Coorg (Kodagu) and the Kannada speaking parts of Bombay (Belgaum, North Canara), Hyderabad (Bidar, Raichur,Bijapur, Bellary) and Madras (South Canara) were added to Mysore. The unified state police got a uniform dress code under Mysore Police.
Similarly the Telugu speaking parts of Hyderabad and Madras were brought together. At the time of India's independence, Hyderabad was the largest Indian princely state in terms of population and GNP. Its territory of was more than that of England and Scotland put together. The 1941 census had estimated its population to be 16.34 million, over 85% of who were Hindus and with Muslims accounting for about 12%. It was also a multi-lingual state consisting of peoples speaking Telugu (48.2%), Marathi (26.4%), Kannada (12.3%) and Urdu (10.3%).
At that time Monnappa was made the first police chief of the newly formed state of Andhra Pradesh. Afterwards, later in that same year(1956), he became the first police chief of Karnataka (then known as Mysore) as well. P.K. Monnappa was the State's first Inspector General of Police and also State’s first IP (Imperial Police) Officer. He had also been the first Police Chief of the States of Madras and of Hyderabad before his tenure in Mysore (Karnataka).
Legacy.
P.K. Monnappa probably held a record of sorts, nine years as an Inspector General of Police, heading the Police in three States: in Hyderabad after the Police Action, in newly formed Andhra Pradesh, and in Karnataka, where he retired. His residence was in Bangalore when he retired in 1958. Memorials have been built in Mr. Monnappa’s memory in Chennai and Hyderabad. A Guest house and a hall has been planned in his memory in his birthplace Kodagu.
Legend has it that during his recruitment interview, which he attended dressed in the traditional Kodava robed costume (the Kuppya Chele), the British officers were awed by his personality. In 1959-60, after his retirement, he served as President of the "Kodava Samaja". Along with Field Marshal Cariappa he was instrumental in setting up the present Kodava Samaja, the forum of the Kodava (Coorg) community, building in Bangalore.
Later his son P. M. Belliappa became an IAS officer and was posted as district officer in Tamil Nadu. He has settled down in Madras. He established the Pemmanda Monnappa scholarship fund in 2010 for South Indians studying in Cambridge University.

</doc>
<doc id="18480598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480598" title="Lamalginite">
Lamalginite

Lamalginite is a structured organic matter (alginite) in sapropel, composed of thin-walled colonial or unicellular algae that occur as distinct laminae, cryptically interbedded with mineral matter. It displays few or no recognisable biologic structures. Lamalginite fluoresce brightly in shades of yellow under blue/ultraviolet light. The term of lamalginite was introduced by Adrian C. Hutton of the University of Wollongong.

</doc>
<doc id="18480600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480600" title="Faust (paintings)">
Faust (paintings)

Faust (paintings) is a series of approximately 100 paintings created between 1976 and 1979 by Nabil Kanso. The paintings depict figural compositions in a sequence of scenes whose subjects are loosely based on Goethe’s Faust Part One and Part Two. In dealing with the human drama, the paintings in the series embody imagery reflecting various aspects of the entanglement of the relationship between three primary figures that may visually represent Faust, the old scholar who pledges his soul to the devil in exchange for youth and love, Mephistopheles, the Devil’s representative who provides Faust with his needs, and Margaret (Gretchen), the young woman who is "seduced and made unhappy by the evildoer."
The paintings.
The Faust paintings are characterized by intense imagery rendered with a combination of dripping paint, aggressive brushstrokes, and applying several layers of black, orange, red, and yellow colors forming agitated areas around the figures. Light seems to emerge through broken and impenetrable bars that traverse from one image to another appear to intensify the space occupied by the figures and the areas of light and dark. The relationship between the figures reveals images of tensions, pathos, and sexuality. In dealing with Faust as a subject for painting, the works "make no attempt to narrate the tales that inspired them, but dive into an exploration of the emotions of the characters." 
The series comprises about 70 oils on canvas ranging in size from 58X48 inches (147X122cm) and 72X60 (183X152cm) to 74X128 (128X325cm), and 30 mixed mediums on paperboard measuring 30X40 inches (76X102cm) executed in three phases during a three-year period of the late 1970s. The paintings are sequentially grouped under 22 headings forming 12 sections:

</doc>
<doc id="18480618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480618" title="Petrejoides orizabae">
Petrejoides orizabae

Petrejoides orizabae is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.

</doc>
<doc id="18480628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480628" title="1962 British Lions tour to South Africa">
1962 British Lions tour to South Africa

In 1962 the British Lions rugby union team toured Southern and Eastern Africa. Overall the tourists played twenty-five matches, winning sixteen, losing five and drawing four. 
The Lions were unsuccessful in the test series against , losing by three matches to nil with one match drawn. The first three tests were close; the first match was drawn 3-3 and South Africa won the second 3-0 and the third 8-3. The fourth test resulted in a bigger win for South Africa, 34-14. 
The tour included games against Rhodesia (which would become Zimbabwe), South West Africa (future Namibia, then part of South Africa) and East Africa in Kenya; winning all three. The Lions won all their non-international matches except for those against Northern Transvaal and Eastern Transvaal. 
The touring party was captained by Arthur Smith. The manager was Brian Vaughan and the assistant manager was Harry McKibbin.
Results.
"Scores and results list Lbritish Lions' points tally first."

</doc>
<doc id="18480639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480639" title="Demon's Winter">
Demon's Winter

"Demon's Winter" is a role-playing video game by Strategic Simulations, Inc., released in 1988. It is a sequel to SSI's 1987 "Shard of Spring", set two hundred years after the events of the original, and featuring a game world 32 times the size of the previous one.
Plot.
The evil sorceress Siriadne was slain, the Shard of Spring was recovered, and peace and prosperity returned to the fantasy island of Ymros. Two centuries later, however, great numbers of aggressive monsters have suddenly appeared, devastating the region and its inhabitants. A party of five adventurers must band together in order to combat this threat, starting only with meager skills and supplies after a kobold attack on the now-ruined village of Ildryn. Ultimately, they must uncover the source of the beasts, as well as the unnatural cold that plagues the land, and ultimately put an end to both.
Reception.
The "Computer Gaming World" review of "Demon's Winter" described it as a general improvement over "Shard of Spring", although not without its own flaws. Combat was described as "uneven", with opponents either being trivial or quite difficult to defeat, while mapping was noted as being quite difficult in some areas. On the other hand, the addition of new classes and changes to the skill system were received favorably. The review in "ST/Amiga Format" felt that the game took several steps forward to enhance the genre, but not without suffering in presentation. The reviewer concluded, "Unfortunately so much has been done to make the game play well that the appearance has fallen by the wayside, it looks and sounds awful which is a terrible shame, because "Demon’s Winter" is one of the best computer role-playing games to date." This earned the title an overall grade of 68%. "Compute!" agreed, calling the game "unsatisfactory" because of graphics and gameplay.

</doc>
<doc id="18480644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480644" title="Popilius eclipticus">
Popilius eclipticus

Popilius eclipticus is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.

</doc>
<doc id="18480650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480650" title="USS Margaret (SP-527)">
USS Margaret (SP-527)

USS "Margaret" (SP-527) was a yacht acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I and in commission as a patrol vessel from 1917 to 1918. She was assigned to escort and patrol duty in the North Atlantic Ocean. Unfortunately, she had numerous mechanical problems and her commanding officer -- Lieutenant Commander Frank Jack Fletcher (1885-1973), a future admiral and aircraft carrier task force commander of World War II fame – did not consider her an effective fighting ship. Fletcher would finally ask the Navy to condemn her as unfit for naval service-something the Navy promptly did.
Construction, acquisition, conversion, and commissioning.
"Margaret", was built in 1899 by John Roach & Sons at Chester, Pennsylvania, as the private steam yacht "Eugenia". She later was renamed "Marjorie" and then "Margaret". She was not intended for seagoing service, having a quite narrow beam for her length and making her prone to incurring damage in a seaway, and was designed to allow her wealthy owner to entertain people aboard in an opulent setting in a safe harbor. Her final private owner, Isaac Emerson, the chief executive officer of Bromo-Seltzer, ensured that she had a fine wine galley and an exquisite dining area.
In August 1917, the U.S. Navy purchased "Margaret" from Emerson for overseas service as a patrol vessel in World War I, paying $104,000 USD for her, $10,000 more than her assessed value of $94,000. The yachts fragility had resulted in premature aging and warping of her hull, and she was found to be top-heavy. Nonetheless, she underwent conversion to a patrol vessel. Her impressive wooden civilian masts were replaced by stubbier ones that were more suited to naval service, her dining area was converted into a berthing compartment, and her boom was removed. A chart house, pilot house, and bridge with wings were added, as were two 3-inch (76.2-mm) guns (one forward and one aft) and depth charge racks..
After conversion, "Margaret"s top-heaviness had increased, her stern sagged under the weight of the added naval equipment, and she rode so deep in the water that her portholes were barely above the waterline even when she was in port. She also suffered from numerous leaks.
When her first commanding officer, Lieutenant Commander Fletcher, reported aboard, he ordered "Margaret" to undergo post-conversion sea trials. These revealed "Margaret"s top-heaviness, and also showed that she could make no more than 6 knots under ideal conditions and usually no more than 4 knots in a calm sea - too slow to outrun the blast effects of her own depth charges. She rolled heavily, and was prone to engine breakdowns; her trials began with her losing power in a current and striking a pier, fouling her anchor on it, and ripping her anchor stanchion off. Fletcher assessed that she needed 35 additional tons of ballast, but could find room for no more than five tons.
With no experienced officers aboard except Fletcher, USS "Margaret" (SP-527) was commissioned on 16 October 1917. During the ceremony, an inexperienced seaman hoisted the United States flag upside down.
World War I service.
The voyage to Bermuda.
On 4 November 1917, "Margaret" departed the United States on a voyage to the Azores via Bermuda as part of a squadron composed of the patrol vessels (which served as flagship), , , , , and "Margaret" and the supply ship USS "Hannibal". On the voyage, each of the patrols vessels towed a submarine chaser; "Margaret" was assigned to tow the submarine chaser "SC-317", which had been transferred to the French Navy, while "SC-317"s French crew learned how to operate her. The flotilla suffered many mishaps during the voyage.
Not far from port, Fletcher ordered a test-firing of "Margaret"s guns; the forward gun's backrush blew out the forecastle locker door and the after gun blew out the stern rail and opened additional leaks; Fletcher then ordered the gunnery officer never to fire the guns again. A storm struck on the first night at sea, rendering all but two of the men on board "Margaret" too seasick to carry out their duties, exaggerating the ship's leaks, and causing the condenser and steering gear to fail; as a result, the ship had to be steered manually with ropes attached to her tiller and there was a shortage of potable water that forced Fletcher to ration water strictly.
After three days, "Margaret" broke down and was adrift; "Utowana" was ordered to tow her but also broke down. Although "Margaret" managed to get underway again, she ran out of coal halfway to Bermuda and thus lost all power, lights, pumps, and communications, forcing Fletcher to order a bucket brigade to dump water overboard to keep the ship from capsizing. She rolled heavily, losing her engine room cowl overboard and causing her anchor to give way and run all the way out on 105 fathoms (630 feet or 192 meters) of chain, and her tow line to "SC-317" parted. The donkey engine broke, and the crew had to haul in both the anchor chain and the tow line manually.
The flotilla finally arrived at Hamilton, Bermuda, on 9 November 1917. When "Margaret"s dory was sent for caulking material ashore, it broke down and had to towed in. "Margaret"s low priority for logistical support meant that her crew had a very hard time getting anything there that they needed for repairs.
The voyage to the Azores.
"Margaret" departed Bermuda on 18 November 1917, bound for the Azores in company with "May", "Hannibal", "Wenonah", "Rambler", and the patrol vessels , , and , and the six submarine chasers that had been towed on the previous voyage. Fletcher had arranged for two piles of soft coal to be dumped on "Margaret"s deck for the voyage to avoid again running out of coal, as well as lumber for repairs, and the crew filled lifeboats and bathtubs with potable water. All this served to make "Margaret" even more top-heavy.
During the voyage, "May" spotted an enemy steamer; the flotilla gave chase, but was so slow that the steamer simply turned away and outran it. Later, "SC-317" signalled for help; she had broken down, and after "May" and "Wenonah" retrieved her, "Margaret" again took "SC-317" under tow - but "Margaret" again ran out of coal and "Cythera" had to tow "Margaret". The eventful voyage also saw many alarms over false sightings of what were thought to be enemy submarines and torpedoes. By the time the voyage concluded at Horta in the Azores on 5 December 1918, half of the flotillas ships were under tow by the other half.
Operations in the Azores.
In the Azores, Fletcher found it as hard to procure supplies and spare parts for "Margaret" as he had at Bermuda. A hurricane struck, and "Margaret" and the other patrol vessels began dragging their anchors; one of them collided with "Margaret", and "Margaret" eventually had to secure herself to a mooring buoy.
After a German submarine sank a Portuguese barkentine near the Azores, "Margaret" was sent out to find the submarine. She found nothing. After "Margaret" returned to port, the submarines commanding officer broadcast a radio message in the clear saying that he had sighted "Margaret" but had not bothered to attack her because she was not worth the cost of a torpedo.
Fletcher eventually prevailed in getting a survey made of "Margaret" to assess her condition. The survey, conducted in the Azores, found that her deck leaked, her condenser was irreparable, her steam drums were badly worn down and could generate less than half the steam pressure they were supposed to, her crew quarters were uninhabitable, and living conditions were very bad. The Commander, Azores Detachment, A. W. Osteshans, judged "Margaret" as unsuited for further service as a patrol vessel and as "nothing more than a piece of junk."
After that, "Margaret" was no longer issued orders to put to sea, and instead served as accommodation for her crew and as a storage vessel. During this period, a Gunner's Mate Davis, serving as petty officer of the watch aboard "Margaret", heard cries for help from the harbor and dived in to rescue a man who had attempted to swim from another boat to shore and became fatigued. Davis received a letter of commendation for his action.
After Fletcher was ordered to another ship, "Margaret"s succeeding commanding officers stayed aboard only a few weeks each before also moving on. Her final commanding officer was her senior enlisted man, after which all of her crew were transferred elsewhere.
Decommissioning and disposal.
"Margaret" remained in the Azores for the rest of World War I. She returned to the United States following the 11 November 1918 Armistice with Germany and was decommissioned that month. She was sold to an Italian firm for scrap for on 30 September 1921.
Further reading.
A humorous account of the misadventures of USS "Margaret" and her crew, "Maggie of the Suicide Fleet" by Prosper Buranelli, was published by Doubleday, Doran & Co. in 1930. The February 2011 issue of "Naval History" magazine includes an article, "When Frank Jack Met "Maggie"," by Steven D. Regan, about Fletchers tour as commanding officer of "Margaret".

</doc>
<doc id="18480652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480652" title="AltAssets">
AltAssets

AltAssets is a business-to-business company which manages an online financial news website focused on the private equity and venture capital industry. AltAssets was launched in 2001 and is based in London. It was originally owned and operated as a service by private equity advisory firm, Almeida Capital, but was acquired by Investor Networks Limited in March 2013 and re-launched as an independent news and networking platform for the alternative assets industry. It has introduced a premium news service which is used by over 3,000 paying customers (March 2013).
AltAssets focuses on the news and information that is most relevant to Limited Partners (LPs) and General Partners (GPs) who are concerned with fund investment, fundraising, investor relations, marketing and communications. Its news service covers a number of areas within private equity including:
AltAssets also hosts forums designed to connect LPs and GPs with interest in a particular sector. In addition they launched Limited Partner Magazine in January 2012 to provide news and opinions focussed on the institutional investor perspective of the private equity industry. The magazine is circulated to over 4,400 LPs
Statistics.
According to information provided by AltAssets, they provide news services to over 10,000 institutional investors and 20,000 private equity professionals globally.
AltAssets breaks down their readership based on roles within the private equity industry:
Competition.
Competition among publications within the private equity industry has intensified in recent years. Among AltAssets' competitors are PEI Media, The Deal, Buyouts, Private Equity Analyst (published by Dow Jones & Company),PE Week and PE Hub (among other media published by Thomson Reuters) and Real Deals (published by Caspian Publishing). Whilst most publishers provide generalist coverage of the private equity industry or focus on transactions, AltAssets claims to focus on the LP-GP relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="18480653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480653" title="Meggan Mallone">
Meggan Mallone

Meggan Mallone (born December 30, 1986) is an American pornographic actress.
Biography.
Born in Houston, Texas, Mallone is of Cherokee, Irish and German descent. Mallone's mother, a Cherokee from Oklahoma, gave her the Indian name "Moonstar". Mallone attended Lamar High School in Houston and worked as a fashion model before signing with Vivid.
She did two internet adult shoots before a photographer introduced her to Vivid Entertainment at the 2008 AVN Adult Entertainment Expo. She signed a one-year exclusive contract with Vivid on January 18, 2008. Within a month Mallone teamed up with fellow Vivid girl Briana Banks to appear on stage for a special comedy night that was broadcast on National Lampoon Radio (XM channel 154). Comedians performing that night included Rick Shapiro, from the HBO sitcom "Lucky Louie" as well as Taylor Negron, Lynn Shawcroft, and Nadine Rajabi. Mallone's first two movies for Vivid were "Strictly Conversation" and "20 Questions", directed by Paul Thomas.
Mallone appeared on the cover of the May 2008 "AVN" as well as the June 2008 cover of "Hustler".

</doc>
<doc id="18480665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480665" title="Frances Radclyffe">
Frances Radclyffe

Frances Radclyffe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18480668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480668" title="Rakim Hollis">
Rakim Hollis

Rakim “Rocky” Marques Hollis (born May 17, 1980 in Los Angeles, California) is an American basketball player who played in the European Basketball Leuague (FIBA) for six years.
Basketball career.
After starring at John Tyler High School in Tyler, Texas, he played for the Texas Southern University Tigers. In the NCAA, where he started, he helped the team to win the SWAC 2003 Conference, and was named MVP of the SWAC tournament. Also led SWAC in scoring for two consecutive years in the 2002-03 season. According to "Coverwire", Hollis was named as of the best 'No Named' point guards in the country.
Personal life.
Rakim was born to Carolyn Sue Scott and James Hollis Sr. Hollis has never really known his father. He and his wife Evita have two children, Kayla and Kyra.

</doc>
<doc id="18480703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480703" title="Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough">
Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough

"Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough" is the title of a 1992 rock ballad performed as a duet by the American singers Patty Smyth and Don Henley.
History.
Smyth was the former lead singer for the band Scandal, whose hits included "The Warrior" and "Goodbye To You"; Henley is a longtime member of the band Eagles (singing lead vocals on "Desperado" and "Hotel California", among many others) as well as a successful solo artist ("The Boys Of Summer", "The End Of The Innocence"). "Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough" was written by Smyth and Glen Burtnik and would appear on her self-titled 1992 album.
Meaning.
The lyrics refer to a past relationship between two people as narrated by the two singers, and their efforts to move on with their respective lives and make sense of the aftermath: "There's a reason why people don't stay where they are / Baby sometimes love just ain't enough". In the final chorus, there is a slight lyrical change to this line ("stay "where" they are" becomes "stay "who" they are").
Reception.
The single was very successful, being certified Gold by the RIAA and spending six weeks at No. 2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the fall of 1992 during the 13 week reign at No. 1 of Boyz II Men's song, "End of the Road". It remained in the Top 40 for 20 weeks. The duet also topped the U.S. adult contemporary chart for four weeks. In Canada, "Sometimes Love Just Ain't Enough" spent seven weeks at No. 1 on the Canadian pop chart, while in the United Kingdom, the song reached No. 22 on the British pop chart. The song was also nominated for a Grammy Award in the category Best Pop Vocal, Duo or Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18480711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480711" title="King Alfred leisure centre">
King Alfred leisure centre

The King Alfred Leisure Centre, owned and managed by Brighton and Hove City Council, is the largest wet and dry sport centre in the city of Brighton and Hove and is situated on Hove sea front.
Facilities.
The wetside facilities include a 25m 6 lane swimming pool which ranges from a depth of 1.2 to 2.5m. This pool is used by Shiverers Swimming Club for training.
There is also a lagoon area with a large slide for over 8s.
A teaching pool (depth 0.9m to 1.2m) is also used for swimming lessons which follow a syllabus designed by the ASA, the teaching pool can also be rented for children birthday parties.
Full wetside changing facilities are available including individual cubicals, family cubicals, group changing rooms and disable changing room (which uses the RADAR Key scheme). There are also lockers which take £1 coins. Three flumes did stand on the east side of the building however these were not used for many years due to health and safety concerns and so were recently removed.
The King Alfred Leisure Centre also has "Fitness Works Gym", a relatively small gym with a variety of machines and free weights, the larger Cheetahs gym is also based in the building but is not managed by Brighton and Hove City Council.
A therapy room is based in the old entrance hall called purple turtle which offers a wide variety of treatments.
There are two sports halls, based in the old pool halls. The main sports hall is used for sports such as badminton, football, basketball, roller hockey and trampolining. The small sports hall is used for the mini mayhem sessions (a soft play session), martial arts, table tennis and sessions such as aerobics.
The King Alfred Leisure Centre also has a ballroom which has a wide variety of events from meetings, to exams as well as live music, most notably is the recent performance by Nick Cave on 2 July 2008.
There is also an indoor bowles club on the east side of the building (in what was once a car park) and the 'multiplay' facilities to the west which has netball and tennis courts. The centre has car parking facilities on the west side, above the ten pin bowling rink (which has been closed since 1999) and Megazone (a Laser shooting game) which is also closed.
There is also a cafe (Yes Cafe) which opened in 2008, replacing the long serving 'Splash Cafe' which closed due to the proposed redevelopment.
Pool users.
As well as public sessions, the pools are also used by many clubs including Shiverers Swimming Club, Dolphins Disabled Swimming Club, Marlins Disabled Swimming Club, Brighton Lifesaving Club, and the newly (2008) formed Free-Diving club. The pool is also used by Brighton Swimming Teachers Centre (Please see www.lastminutelifeguard.com for information on lifeguarding / lifesaving courses). Until 2007, the offices of Brighton Swimming Teachers Centre were based in the offices on the north side of the building, along with the Brighton Transport offices, however both parties left in 2007 due to the proposed redevelopment, which has since been postponed.
The pool was also used twice by David Walliams during his training for his channel crossing.
History.
The purpose-built leisure facility Hove Marina was ready to be opened to the public when war was declared on 3 September 1939. It was almost immediately commandeered by the Royal Navy for the training of RNVR officers and was commissioned as HMS "King Alfred". After the war, and with permission from the Admiralty, it officially adopted the name by which it was now universally known.
Redevelopment.
Due to the age of the building redevelopment has been proposed for many years with plans by Frank Gehry eventually being accepted, stirring up much controversy about how it would fit in with the rest of Hove along with concerns about whether the increase in sporting facilities proposed would be adequate for a city the size of Brighton and Hove. However these plans were shelved in 2008 due to the financial crisis meaning the required funds could not be borrowed and the housing market crash meant that the flats would not have produced the desired return. A partial refurbishment of the old, inadequate and worn out sporting facilities will be carried out in 2009, with new plans now sought for redevelopment of the site to provide the required pools and sporting facilities, perhaps with housing and entertainment facilities also.

</doc>
<doc id="18480719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480719" title="Coloroid">
Coloroid

The Coloroid Color System is a color space developed between 1962 and 1980 by Prof. Antal Nemcsics at the Budapest University of Technology and Economics for use by "architects and visual constructors". Since August 2000, the Coloroid has been registered as Hungarian Standard MSZ 7300.
Like the OSA-UCS and Munsell systems, the Coloroid attempts to model a perceptually uniform color space or UCS. However the UCS standard applied in the Coloroid system is equal appearing increments in color when the entire range of colors is presented to the viewer, in contrast to the standard of equal "just noticeable" or small color differences between pairs of similar colors presented in isolation.
Colors in the Coloroid color space are fundamentally specified according to the perceptual attributes of "luminosity" (luminance factor, V), "saturation" (excitation purity, T) and hue (the matching or dominant spectral wavelength, A).
The VAT components are used to define a cylindrical color geometry, with V as the achromatic vertical axis (lightness or brightness), T as the horizontal distance from the achromatic axis (chroma), and A as the hue angle around the hue circle. The circumferential limits of this cylinder are defined by the spectrum locus, or colors as they appear in a single wavelength of light (or a mixture of single "violet" and "red" wavelengths); this ambit varies vertically in V around the hue circle, showing whether the relative luminance or brightness of each wavelength is high (yellow hue) or low (violet blue hue). This defines the outer perceptual limits of the color space.
Within this is the smaller perceptual volume defined by the limit of colors it is possible to reproduce with physical media (material colors). Here the VAT perceptual attributes can be approximately matched using the three stimulus or material color components of pure hue or pure colorant ("p"), white colorant ("w") and black colorant ("s") in relative proportions whose sum must always equal 1. (Implicitly, p may be any matching single "spot" colorant or matching mixture of two "primary" colorants.)
The Coloroid technical documentation defines the conceptual equations necessary to transform the Coloroid perceptual components VAT into the corresponding stimulus components, using the CIE XYZ 1931 colormatching functions with the D65 CIE illuminant. Hues are identified according to the hue angle ψ, measured on the CIE 1931 xy chromaticity plane. These stimulus attributes in turn must be standardized or gamut mapped into a specific colorant system or color reproduction technology in order to reproduce the Coloroid color space as physical color exemplars or a color atlas. However, a Coloroid Colour Atlas is available that provides color exemplars at 16 levels of lightness out to as many as 13 increments in saturation for each of for 48 hue planes.
Within the Coloroid system, color harmonies or "harmonics" can be defined through simple linear or geometrical combinations of colors.

</doc>
<doc id="18480726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480726" title="Efrén Echeverría">
Efrén Echeverría

" 'Efren Echeverria (March 4, 1932) is a musician guitarist, composer, and compiler Paraguay.
Self-taught of remarkable style.
Efren Echeverria, artistically nicknamed "Kamba'i", is one of the most popular performers and creators of the guitar in Paraguay.
Self-taught, he leaves mark on his peculiar way of running the guitar, traits and tapping at the same time, without using specific techniques or methods of guitar Scholars. In addition to his own technique, "Kamba'i" uses a personal pitch of the instrument, which allows the strings to produce a higher tone when sounding in the air.
Childhood and Youth.
When Efren was nine years old, a neighbor, Eusebio Cantero, taught him the first chords on guitar. With him, he learned the authentic pieces of folk repertoire of anonymous authors. Thus, from an early age, Paraguayan music became familiar to him; therefore to own a guitar became a passionate desire of his childhood. And not a long time passed until the desired instrument came to his life. Already in his teens, Echeverria became part of the act placed in any "Musiqueada" (musical parties) that was done in his homeland.
Soon Efren takes over the serenades of the place, always pushing the guitar and sometimes up the violin or accordion with buttons. His repertoire covered everything that the public from the area knew could appreciate.
First Steps.
As the young Efren Echeverria understood, he could not survive with music as a single work, he was an employee and was able get the best notes from the musical instruments; there was no tayï (a typical tree from Paraguay) that could resist to his blunt axe.
The musician worked as employee in the area of Curuguaty by the year 1950. In 1960 he settled in the city of Asuncion, capital of Paraguay.
In the 70's, he came to participate in the emerging music festivals and television. In those days he began to arouse interest in the capital for his original compositions and his special way of tapping and ripping the guitar simultaneously.
Trajectory.
The name of this musician is among the great composers of popular music, among which one can summon Mauricio Cardozo Ocampo Agustín Barboza Herminio Gimenez, Demetrio Ortiz Emiliano R. Fernandez and Jose Asuncion Flores.
A very personal style.
Kamba'í Echeverria says that his unique style of simultaneous strumming and marking arose from the need to act alone, especially in the serenades, to accommodate the budgets of his hometown and as a product of admiration for the great guitar as concertmasters Cayo Sila Godoy and Felipe Sosa.
Unpaid accounts and migration to Asuncion.
A multinational colonizer arrived at Efren Echeverria’s hometown and he joined the staff of employees for turning trees of the land acquired. Soon problems arose for the logging company in the forests of Capi'ibary and Villa Curuguaty. The workers remained unpaid for three months of sacrificing work. Thus the musician and other colleagues decided to travel to Asuncion to manage the recovery of 7,500 Guarani which the corporation owed to him. He never managed to recover the money, but Kamba'í, who had brought the guitar, managed to live a few months in an abandoned truck in the city of Villa Morra and went out to the streets from Asuncion to spread his music.
Meeting with professional musicians.
Near the truck that Efren adopted as the first refuge in Asuncion, lived the musician Ramon Vargas Colman, who by then was temporarily separated from her musical partner Andres Saldivar Basin. It was then when Efren became part of the group of Vargas Colmán with harpist Edmundo "Nenito" Medina and others. In parallel, he presented a radio program on Radio Ñandutí. Some time later, he accompanied the musician Severo Nunez Benitez and his group “Los Jilgeros” who made radio programs for Radio Paraguay, Chaco Boreal Station and the National Radio. With them he toured to Argentina and Brazil.
It was at the Pettengil family home, in the city of Itaguá, where he met the musician and composer Eladio Martinez "El Grande", whom he would fill another rich stage of experience at festivals and on television.
Kamba'í has worked on other duties to support his family. For several years was a doorman of the Ministry of Health and for a long time he had the same job as a security guard during the night at a television company.
Distinctions.
The "Cultural Center of the Republic El Cabildo" awarded Efren Echeverria the prize "Masters of art" in the category of music in 2007. He shared this high distinction with Ramiro Dominguez in literature, Carlos Colombino in visual arts, Reina Menchaca in dance and Carlos Gomez in theatre.
Master of Arts.
The distinction "Masters of Art" is a recognition of prominent artists and intellectuals in cultural management and promotion of artistic events. The choice rests with a jury composed of advisers from the Center.
An important site of the Cabildo is the gallery with a photograph of them so to pay tribute to the life of the great artistic personalities of Paraguay.
This time were distinguished: Efren Echeverria. Guitarist, composer and compiler.
Tributes received.
Efren `Kamba` i `Echeverria and singer and composer Quemil Yambay, have been honored to receive life in a well-deserved tribute to the appellation of" Living Human Treasures ", in a massive act performed at the Teatro Municipal. The event was organized by the Paraguayan National Commission for Cooperation with the Unesco, who handed Honors consisting of gold medals and monetary contribution for both artists.
The words were flattering and honored the figure of both men. They were named "Living Human Treasures" through a project presented last year by the cultural sponsor Mario Garcia Siani, the United Nations for Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization (Unesco).
The guitarist Efren Echeverria said that despite the cold weather, he was very happy. "I was in heaven at that time and it is the first time I do this kind of recognition in my country. And the best thing is that everything is done while I am alive and that encourages me to continue, because I see that my work is valued. It is a great thing for me and I thank them all for this recognition. I never imagined this could happen. But I am sure that what they told me is true, because I know what I am worth and what I do with the guitar, because it took me a long time and it is unique. So far I have not found someone who plays guitar like I do and keep that in mind. I did not study and learned to play on my own, "said the guitarist.
On the particular tuning of his guitar to play its songs, the artist said that he tuned it in G, meaning that in the first three ropes and in the final ones he tuned in this note with the respective chord. “My brother taught me that pitch, Catalino Echeverria, because he saw a musician who played well in Puerto Casado, where he worked producing tannin. The sound was recorded in his mind and told me this, which I have ever forgotten. Then I tried it and I liked it "He said.
Works.
The composer created many works for guitar. Some recreate sounds of animals with great fidelity. These include:
The musician joined numerous folk groups, although it is now recognized and admired for his solo interpretation of the Paraguayan folk music.
He has compiled dozens of compositions he has heard since childhood and that for professional ethics and honesty he has not registered in his name. Elias has recorded discs so far four long-term discs and included them in many of these popular grounds next to the popular creations: Yagua'í care and Ryguazú Cocore.
In the 70's was when he made many music festivals and on television so that more was to tap and ripping guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="18480732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480732" title="Quequechan Club">
Quequechan Club

Qheguechan Club is a historic building at 306 North Main Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The building was built in 1861 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The Quequechan club was originally a gentlemen's club in the late 19th century that was run by all of the members. The bedrooms upstairs were used as a bed and breakfast. During the early 20th century the club turned more into a restaurant, and banquet hall for members. It was not until the 1970s that women were allowed to enter the dining room unescorted. The club is no longer member-operated and is owned by sole proprietor Dan Silva. The club remains private and allows members to smoke inside the pub. The Club has been reported to be haunted, and mediums and ghost hunters have visited the premises. Solid proof has yet to be found.

</doc>
<doc id="18480734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480734" title="Colegio San Bartolomé la Merced">
Colegio San Bartolomé la Merced

Colegio San Bartolomé la Merced is a private, jesuit, bilingual and co-educational school. The school is affiliated with the Society of Jesus of the Roman Catholic Church and is often known as "San Bartolo". The school campus, founded in 1941, is located in the traditional neighborhood of "La Merced" in downtown Bogotá.The school is committed to the educational and spiritual traditions of Jesuits and considers its heritage to be Ignatian.
The school is considered one of the most traditional and prestigious schools in the country. The education has been recognized for taking a humanistics and social approach. Since its foundation, the school has been ranked among the top high schools in the nation. The school is widely considered a "feeder school" to the top colleges and universities in the nation and abroad. San Bartolo Alumni has reached high job positions in politics; incluiding former presidents, senators, ministers and ambassadors of the Country. Others have become scientists, journalists, professors, artists and big entrepreneurs.
History.
In the 1930s the Society of Jesus was facing serious financial problems because of political pressure from the government, about their existing contract with it for the management of the National School of San Bartolomé, currently called "Mayor de San Bartolomé". The Society of Jesus started the construction of the building for the school at the farm la Merced in 1941. 
Until 1997 the school was an all-boys boarding school, later the school entered into a modernization process, turning into a co-educational and bilingual school. The school operates under the guidelines and directions of ACODESI (Association of Jesuit Colleges in Colombia) and the school is run according to the General Education Colombian Act 115 of 1994. The school is an active member of UNCOLI(an organization of international schools in Bogotá).
Academics.
The school offers pre-school, preparatory, secondary, and high school education in the same campus. All-year programs provide basic education and electives, incluiding varsity sports (including soccer, tennis, squash, golf, basketball, volleyball, athletics, hockey, gymnastics, cheerleading and swimming); and art classes (incluiding music, arts and drama). 
During high school, students can take in-depth classes based on their career interests. These clases includes humanities, arts, technology and health sciences. Additionally during high school the academic program at San Bartolo is based on a traditional liberal arts curriculum. 
The school offers to students English as a second language (ESL) programs overseas. Previous destinations have included the United States, Canada, England and New Zealand. Moreover, the school also offers annual trips to multople destinations inside the country for all year classes.
Alumni.
Alumni include: 

</doc>
<doc id="18480744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480744" title="Daniel Wells (snooker player)">
Daniel Wells (snooker player)

Daniel Wells is a Welsh professional snooker player, from Neath.
Career.
Early career.
He was awarded the inaugural Paul Hunter Scholarship. This gave him the chance to practise in the World Snooker Academy in Sheffield, alongside professional players, such as Peter Ebdon and Ding Junhui.
He first qualified for the Main Tour for the 2008/2009 season by finishing ranked fifth on the International Open Series rankings.
2008/2009.
He had consistent results on his first spell on the main tour, winning his first qualifying match in most events, apart from defeat in the first qualifying round to Stefan Mazrocis in the Grand Prix. This was followed by a run to the penultimate qualifying round of the Bahrain Championship where he lost to veteran John Parrott 3–5.
An impressive run to the last 16 of the Masters Qualifying tournament included a 5–4 win over Crucible quarter-finalist Liang Wenbo. He followed this with a defeat to Li Hang in the first qualifying round of UK Championship 3–9.
However, at the World Championship, Wells needed a good run of results to ensure his place on the tour for the following season. A sequence of 10–9 wins over Li Hang, Ian Preece and Marcus Campbell took him to the final qualifying round where he lost 9–10 to Barry Hawkins in the final qualifying match. In his 4 qualifying matches, he played the maximum 76 frames. His ranking rose to #70 as a result of his exploits that season.
2009/2010.
Wells started the new season with a win over fellow Welshman Ian Preece 5–3 in the Shanghai Masters before losing to Joe Delaney in the next round by the same scoreline. In the UK Championship, he narrowly lost 8–9 to fellow Welshman Michael White. In his home championship, the Welsh Open, Wells narrowly lost in the first qualifying round to James Wattana 4–5. Another first qualifying round defeat in the China Open meant that Wells was again in danger of losing his place on the tour. Wells failed to repeat his exploits of the previous season in the World Championship as he lost 7–10 to former world #12 David Gray in the first qualifying round. This meant that he fell off the tour.
2010/2011.
Despite not being on the main tour during the 2010/2011 season Wells entered many of the PTC and EPTC events, and managed to record some impressive wins eventually finishing 29th on the Order of Merit. He regained a place on the main tour for 2011/2012 by finishing top of the Welsh rankings. Wells also won the European Snooker Championships and the European Team Championships (with team Wales).
2011/2012.
As an unranked player on the tour Wells would need to win four qualifying matches to reach the main draw of the ranking events. However, he only managed to win three matches during the season, including going without a single victory in the 11 of 12 Players Tour Championship events that he played. He finished the season without a ranking and had to enter Q School in an attempt to earn a place on the tour for the 2012/2013 season. In May, Wells won five matches at the second Q School event concluding with a 4–3 win over Michael Wasley to earn a place on the tour for the next 2 years. He played in all ten Players Tour Championship events this season, with his best results being two last 64 defeats, to be placed 101st on the PTC Order of Merit. His season ended when he was beaten 7–10 by Aditya Mehta in the first round of World Championship Qualifying which saw him finish ranked world number 87.
Other.
In 2009 Wells recorded a series of snooker tutorial videos at the World Snooker Academy. These were launched as a subscription based online coaching program in February 2010 under the name of SnookerGuide.co.uk.

</doc>
<doc id="18480767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480767" title="St. Joseph's Church (Fall River, Massachusetts)">
St. Joseph's Church (Fall River, Massachusetts)

St. Joseph's Church is a historic church located at 1355 North Main Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1880 in the gothic revival style and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It was designed by notable church architect Patrick C. Keely. 
The church's pipe organ was built in 1883 by W.K. Adams & Sons in Providence RI. It is one of the largest built by them. It was once run by water and then by bellows. 
The parish was founded in 1873 to accommodate the growing numbers of Catholics who had settled in the northern section of the city in the 1870s to work in the cotton mills, including the Border City, Narragansett, Mechanics, Sagamore Mills. The current Pastor is Rev. John Raposo. 

</doc>
<doc id="18480784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480784" title="St. Louis Church (Fall River, Massachusetts)">
St. Louis Church (Fall River, Massachusetts)

St. Louis Church was a historic former Roman Catholic church, located at 440 Bradford Avenue in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The Gothic Revival church was built in 1885 to the designs of James Murphy. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The Diocese of Fall River closed the parish in 2001, and the records were transferred to St. Mary's Cathedral (Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Assumption). 
The church was demolished in April 2010 for a cultural center that has yet to be built.

</doc>
<doc id="18480788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480788" title="Forks High School">
Forks High School

Forks High School (also FHS) is a comprehensive Washington public high school on South Spartan Avenue in the city of Forks, Washington, serving grades 9-12 in the Quillayute Valley School District. It is the only high school in the district, and is the successor to Forks Middle School. The school is governed under the authority of the Office of Superintendent of Public Instruction (OSPI) of Washington. 
It has recently received international attention, as it is featured in the young adult novel series "Twilight" by Stephenie Meyer.

</doc>
<doc id="18480789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480789" title="Henry Radclyffe">
Henry Radclyffe

Henry Radclyffe or Radcliffe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18480798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480798" title="St. Patrick's Church (Fall River, Massachusetts)">
St. Patrick's Church (Fall River, Massachusetts)

St. Patrick's Church is a historic church building at 1588 South Main Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1881 from local Fall River granite, and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. 
St. Patrick's Parish was established in 1873, as a division of St. Mary's Parish, a predominantly Irish congregation. In 2002, the church was part of a three-parish merger between St. Patrick's, Blessed Sacrament, and Our Lady of the Angels. The new parish is named Good Shepherd.

</doc>
<doc id="18480814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480814" title="Stone House (Taunton, Massachusetts)">
Stone House (Taunton, Massachusetts)

Stone House is an historic house at 15-17 Plain Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1847 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18480822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480822" title="The Toxic Avenger (musical)">
The Toxic Avenger (musical)

The Toxic Avenger is a rock musical that is based on Michael Herz and Lloyd Kaufman's 1984 film of the same name. The book of the musical was written by Joe DiPietro, its music by David Bryan, and both wrote the lyrics.
Productions.
The musical was first produced under the direction of John Rando at George Street Playhouse in New Brunswick, New Jersey and opened after previews officially on October 10, 2008. The title role of Melvin Ferd the Third/The Toxic Avenger went to Nick Cordero. Audra Blaser played Sarah, and Nancy Opel played Mayor Babs Belgoody and Ma Ferd. It received a generally favorable press.
The New York premiere opened at New World Stages on April 6, 2009. "The New York Times" called the production "exuberantly silly", while "New York Post" called it "hilariously funny". The show opening night cast included Sara Chase, Nick Cordero, Demond Green, Matthew Saldivar and Nancy Opel. Erin Leigh Peck and Nicholas Rodriguez are the original understudies. The musical closed on January 2, 2010 after over 300 performances, in which the production left for a tour across North America.
Time–Life and the cast recorded and released the Original Cast Recording on April 6 in the New World Venue and nationwide on May 5, 2009.
Under Rando's direction, a Toronto production of the musical premiered on October 31, 2009 at the Danforth Music Hall. The show was produced by Dancap Productions. It starred Evan Alexander Smith as Toxie, Brittany Gray as Sarah, Louise Pitre as Mayor Babs Belgoody and Ma Ferd, Jamie McKnight as White Dude, and Daren A. Herbert as Black Dude. Peter Deiwick was the male swing and Cara Leslie was the female swing.
A production opened in January 2012 at the Alley Theatre in Houston, Texas. The cast included Constantine Maroulis, Nancy Opel and Mara Davi.
The show was brought to Oahu, Hawaii were it was shown at Manoa Valley Theater in September 2013. It was extended for two weeks into October 2013.
Plot.
Lights up on the most traditional of all musical settings - a toxic waste dump off the New Jersey Turnpike. As the citizens of Tromaville cry for help ("Who Will Save New Jersey?") Melvin Ferd the Third, an aspiring earth scientist, vows to clean up the state. Everyone is skeptical.
At the Tromaville Library, Melvin visits Sarah, the town's beautiful, blind librarian. Barely able to contain his unrequited love, Melvin informs her that horrible vats of toxic goo have appeared all over Tromaville and he is determined to find out who's responsible and put a stop to them. Sarah, turned on by his environmental heroism, asks to feel his face. He reluctantly allows her and Sarah quickly realizes that she is not attracted to him one bit. She points him to the official town records, where Melvin makes a shocking discovery. At Tromaville City Hall, Mayor Babs Belgoody expresses her unbridled ambition to become New Jersey's governor ("Jersey Girl"). But Melvin enters with evidence that will defer her dream - he has discovered that the kick-back happy Mayor is the person who is allowing Tromaville to be overrun by toxic waste. Thinking quick, the Mayor promises to change her evil ways and make Melvin her deputy. When Melvin leaves, she immediately orders her two goons, Sluggo and Bozo, to "Get the Geek".
The goons toss Melvin into a drum of toxic waste, leaving him for dead. In an incredible coincidence, Sarah happens to walk by on her way home. Never ones to pass up the opportunity to sexually harass someone, the goons taunt Sarah, who immediately faints. As she does, a large, terrifying roar shakes the air. And up from the smoking green slime emerges The Toxic Avenger, a large, green mutant with a hideously deformed face and a ripped, superhero body. The Toxic Avenger sees the unconscious Sarah and informs the goons that they're in deep trouble ("Kick Your Ass"). He then proceeds to rip them to shreds. The Toxic Avenger scoops Sarah up and carries her off to her pattern-challenged apartment. When she awakens, the mutant confesses that he's toxic. She assumes that that's a French name and she decided to nickname him Toxie. He is delighted until she asks to touch his face. He refuses, stating that he has horrible acne. Sarah then invites him back for brunch tomorrow, and after he leaves she phones her two best friends to brag about her smokin' hunk of a hero ("My Big French Boyfriend").
In the streets of Tromaville, Toxie pines for his love ("Thank God She's Blind"). When Toxie arrives home, Ma Ferd comes upon her transformed son and expresses her lifelong disappointment in him. Desperate for help, he goes to their primary care HMO physician ("Big Green Freak"), who sends him to Tromaville's leading ethical mad-scientist, Professor Ken, who reveals that the only thing that can kill Toxie is household bleach. Back in her apartment, Sarah is dictating a fantastic idea for a best- selling memoir ("Choose Me, Oprah!"). Toxie visits but tells her he can't stay long because he's on a mission to single-handedly remove every vile vat of toxic waste from Tromaville. As Sarah tries to seduce Toxie, he confesses that he's never actually been on a date with a girl. Turned on by his virginity, Sarah joins Toxie in expressing their newfound feelings ("Hot Toxic Love").
Down at the Tromaville docks, the Mayor supervises the unloading of a huge shipment of toxic waste. But Toxie foils her plan, and he reveals that he's actually Melvin Ferd the Third. Not one to let a superhero mutant freak get the better of her, the Mayor vows to destroy him. But to her dismay, Toxie quickly becomes a folk hero to the people of Tromaville ("The Legend of the Toxic Avenger"). The Mayor barges into Professor Ken's lab, insisting he tell her how to kill the mutant. Professor Ken refuses, but the Mayor overwhelms him with her incredible sex appeal ("Evil is Hot"). At Tromaville Beauty Salon, Melvin's beleaguered mother is informed by her two hairdressers - Lorenzo and Lamas - that her childhood enemy, none other than the Mayor, is coming to see her. Determined to find the whereabouts of Melvin, the Mayor corners Ma and the two women brawl ("Bitch/Slut/Liar/Whore"). Back at her apartment, Sarah grows increasingly frustrated with her fruitless attempts to seduce Toxie. But with the Mayor closing in, Toxie tells Sarah he must leave Tromaville. Before he goes, he reveals his true identity. Sarah is flabbergasted but vows to love him anyway - that is until she touches his face, at which point she tearfully suggests that they both start seeing other handicapped people. Hurt and angry, Toxie takes to the street ("Everybody Dies!") and brutally kills an adorable senior citizen, Edna Ferbert. But the heartbroken Toxie cannot sustain the beast within ("You Tore My Heart Out"). At the library, Ma Ferd finds Sarah crying, but Ma convinces the sobbing librarian that her mutant son isn't that much different from other men. In an inspiring and beautiful moment of human understanding, they reflect of how "All Men Are Freaks".
On the steps of City Hall, the Mayor rallies both citizens of Tromaville to form a drunken, frenzied lynch mob. The chase ensues, encompassing everyone in Tromaville, until Toxie is cornered. But just as the Mayor is about to extinguish him with bleach, Sarah rushes in and fires several gun shots, every one of them missing the Mayor. Fortunately, one shot eventually hits the Mayor, but not before Toxie has been hit with bleach. Toxie crumples and dies in Sarah's arms. As the librarian weeps, Ma Ferd rushes in with the one thing that can save him- the most vile, disgusting liquid on Earth- a glass of water from the Hudson River. As Tromaville reacts with unmitigated joy, Toxie comes to and vows to kill all polluters and end global warming. And one year later on election night, Ma Ferd introduces the new first family of New Jersey- Governor Toxie Ferd the Third, his beautiful wife Sarah, and their adorable blind, green baby, Toxie Jr. All look ahead to a glorious future for their beloved state ("A Brand New Day in New Jersey").

</doc>
<doc id="18480824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480824" title="Peking Union Medical College Hospital">
Peking Union Medical College Hospital

Peking Union Medical College Hospital is a renowned general hospital in Beijing, China. It was founded in 1921 by Rockefeller Foundation and is affiliated to both Peking Union Medical College (PUMC) and Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences (CAMS). 

</doc>
<doc id="18480837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480837" title="Wampanoag Mills">
Wampanoag Mills

Wampanoag Mills is an historic textile mill site located at 420 Quequechan Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The Wampanoag Mills company was formed in 1871 for the manufacture of cotton textiles. Mill No. 1 was built on Quequechan Street in 1872 from native Fall River granite. Mill No. 2 was constructed in 1877, with access from Alden Street, increasing total capacity to 45,500 spindles. The mills were steam-powered. An attached two-story weave shed was also added to Mill No. 1. The mills closed in 1929.
The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
In the 1980s, Mill No. 1 became part of the Fall River factory outlet district, and contained numerous small retail shops. This mill has since been renovated into senior apartments. A cultural center remains within the former weave shed attached to the north end of Mill No. 1.
Mill No. 2 formerly contained Fall River Knitting Mills (later known as Northeast Knitting Mills).
On the evening of April 16, 2010, a fire of suspicious origin broke out in a storage building next to the mills, formerly occupied by Parker's Candies.

</doc>
<doc id="18480845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480845" title="Thomas Radcliffe">
Thomas Radcliffe

Thomas Radcliffe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18480863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480863" title="Coteaux">
Coteaux

Coteaux may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18480868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480868" title="William L. White, Jr. House">
William L. White, Jr. House

William L. White Jr. House is an historic house at 242 Winthrop Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1873 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18480869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480869" title="Oswald Bumke">
Oswald Bumke

Oswald Bumke (25 September 1877 – 5 January 1950) was a noted German psychiatrist and neurologist.
Family
Oswald Bumke's parents were solidly middle class. His father, Albert Bumke (1843-1892) was the son of a brewer, and his mother Emma (1850-1914) was the daughter of a factory owner. Bumke's father was a physician and an assistant to Rudolf Virchow but did not pursue a scientific career. He died when Oswald Bumke was 15 years old. One of his three brothers was born without a left hand and died in a swimming accident, another brother, Erwin Bumke, became a noted jurist.
Career
Bumke studied at the universities in Freiburg, Leipzig, Munich and Halle. On 1 August 1901 he became an assistant physician at the psychiatric clinic and mental hospital in Freiburg, working under the noted psychiatrist Alfred Hoche, one of the most vocal critics of the "natural disease entities" classification of Emil Kraepelin. As is the custom in German universities, in order to be eligible for a professorship Bumke researched and wrote a second thesis or "Habilitation." Published in 1904, Bumke's extensive literature review of the evidence for eye-pupil abnormalities in neurological and psychiatric conditions was an attempt to identify potential biomarkers that might be of diagnostic and research significance. Research on eye-movement abnormalities and the abnormal behavior of the pupils was widely researched at that time on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean as strong candidates for pathognomonic findings that could be discerned through a routine neurological examination that could confirm a diagnosis of Dementia praecox
From 1906 to 1913 Bumke served in Freiburg clinic at the higher rank of senior physician. His first appointment as a professor was in Rostock, where he taught and conducted research from 1914 to 1916. Upon the death of Alois Alzheimer in 1915, Bumke replaced him at Breslau in 1916. He turned down an invitation for a position in Heidelberg in 1918. From 1921 to 1924 he worked with Paul Flechsig in Leipzig.
Doctoring Lenin in Moscow
When V.I. Lenin became ill in Moscow, Bumke was invited to be part of a team of visiting neurological specialists to evaluate and treat —if possible— the ailing leader. Although the plan was for him to be at Lenin's bedside for 3 days in May 1923, Bumke stayed for 7 weeks. Otfrid Foerster, the noted neurologist from Breslau, remained for 7 months. During this period Bumke made the acquaintance of Leon Trotsky and Karl Radek and had favorable impressions of these two men.
Replacing Kraepelin in Munich
On 1 April 1924 Bumke succeeded Emil Kraepelin as the chair of the psychiatry department at the University of Munich and as the director of the University Clinic that Kraepelin had founded in 1904. These new appointments arguably made him the most prominent psychiatrist in Germany. Kraepelin had retired from these positions in 1922 in order to devote his energies to the German Research Institute for Psychiatry, an independent multidisciplinary institute in Munich that he had founded in 1917 and which had begun formal research activities in April 1918. Bumke's ascension to these positions marked a striking generational change of direction in Munich and in German psychiatry as a whole. There was a marked professional and personal antipathy between the two men.
In October 1923, just months before succeeding Kraepelin in Munich, Bumke had delivered a lecture in which he directly cast doubt on the reality of Kraepelin's dementia praecox concept as a natural disease entity. "What if dementia praecox simply does not exist?" he asked, also referring to Kraepelin's disease concept assumptions of "course and outcome" as a "dogma" that had "blocked" the progress of psychiatry. This lecture appeared in print only 6 weeks before Bumke began his tenure in Munich, thus setting the stage for a heightening of tension between the two men.
Bumke was considered a gifted speaker and lecturer. He was the editor of psychiatric journals and multivolume sets of research reviews that catalogued and summarized the scientific findings of neurology and psychiatry. He was skeptical of Kraepelinian disease concepts in psychiatry and, following his old mentor Hoche, preferred to conceptualize them as syndromes or "symptom-complexes." He followed the American neurologist and psychiatrist Adolf Meyer in preferring the term "schizophrenic reactions" instead of dementia praecox. He was a critic of psychoanalysis as well as of the relevance of experimental psychology in psychiatry. He was also a strong critic of the degeneration theory underlying the work of Ernst Rüdin.
During the 1928-1929 academic year, Bumke served as Rector of the University of Munich. He remained at Munich all through the years of National socialism. He was suspended from office in 1946, then after clearance by the Allied occupation forces was reinstated in 1947. His memoirs, including a collection of aphorisms, was published in 1952, two years after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18480870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480870" title="Moldavian Revolution of 1848">
Moldavian Revolution of 1848

The Moldavian Revolution of 1848 was an unsuccessful Romanian liberal and Romantic nationalist revolt in the principality of Moldavia. Part of the Revolutions of 1848, and closely connected with the successful uprising in Wallachia, it sought to overturn the administration imposed by Imperial Russian authorities under the "Regulamentul Organic" regime. Led by a group of young intellectuals, it was quickly suppressed. This was despite the fact that the Moldavian revolutionaries were more moderate and willing to compromise in their demands for reforms than their Wallachian counterparts, as Moldavian political and social life continued to be dominated by a landed, conservative aristocracy, with the middle class still embryonic.
Background.
In Moldavia the "boyars", from whose lower ranks the revolutionaries would be drawn, had come into sharp conflict with Prince Mihail Sturdza, objecting to his authoritarianism and failure to consult them, with some desiring the throne for themselves. They denounced him to Saint Petersburg and Istanbul, forming plots in the general assembly, but as they were internally divided and lacked popular support, Sturdza remained unconcerned at these flare-ups.
The peasantry was also aggrieved, and between 1846 and 1848 opposition to Sturdza intensified. The commercial and industrial associations of Iaşi (the capital city) in 1846 protested against the prince's plan to raise taxes again; in several rural areas small and middle-size landlords objected to paying additional taxes; and the summer of 1847 saw sharp contests in several "judeţe" by liberal "boyars" for seats in the general assembly. Peasants in Moldavia and Wallachia refused to perform labour services, with violence and flight abroad increasing in autumn 1847 and the next spring. Eager for change, intellectuals were roused by the February revolution in Paris, where a number of them were studying.
Course of events.
Iaşi.
Moldavian revolutionaries arrived in Iaşi after violence had broken out in Wallachia. On 8 April 1848, a few great "boyars" opposed to Sturdza, younger liberal "boyars", and representatives of the middle class and other urban classes, perhaps a thousand in all, met in the Hotel Petersburg to decide on a course of action. This meeting was the culmination of several weeks of small private gatherings and several public manifestos denouncing despotism, all occasioned by news of the events in Paris, Vienna and Berlin. Moderates prevailed, persuading the gathering to support a petition to the prince setting forth all their grievances and proposing suitable reforms. They also agreed to dissolve their assembly and all other associations right after delivering the petition. Such caution seems principally to have been inspired by fear that the urban lower classes and peasantry would push the protest movement to extremes.
A committee chaired by the poet Vasile Alecsandri drew up "" ("The Petition-Proclamation") addressed to the general population and to the prince. Their overall objective was to install a moderate liberal political regime and to stimulate economic development. Strict adherence to the law by officials as well as citizens was set down as a basic principle of government—unmistakably a reference to the corruption and arbitrariness of Sturdza's authoritarian regime. Rules were then outlined for electing a new, more representative assembly with increased powers, including the right to make proposals to the prince on all matters affecting the general welfare and to examine all government ordinances concerning public affairs and judicial administration before they were put into effect. They urged the creation of a national bank "to facilitate commerce" and the abolition of all tariffs "harmful to agriculture and commerce", also making a general plea for an improvement in peasants' relations with landlords and the state. While committed to reform and good institutions, they did not intend to overturn the country's existing political and social structures.
Sturdza received the petition-proclamation on 9 April and agreed to 33 of its 35 points, rejecting those that concerned dissolution of the general assembly and the formation of a national guard, also, it appears, objecting to the abolition of censorship. To his surprise, the movement leaders demanded acceptance of the entire petition. Sturdza withdrew to the army barracks and that evening took steps to crush the opposition. Several people were killed in brief fighting, and some 300 were arrested. Among those who fled, either to Transylvania or Bukovina, were Alecsandri and the young officer Alexandru Ioan Cuza, who would come to rule the United Principalities in the 1860s. Sturdza, now bent on permanently halting all dissent, made anyone even suspected of opposition subject to arrest, imposed strict censorship, and had students returning from France stopped at the border and interrogated before being allowed to proceed.
The Moldavian movement and its Wallachian counterpart alarmed Russia, which in late March had warned Sturdza and Prince Gheorghe Bibescu that armies would be sent across the Prut if changes were pondered in the Organic Statute system. The threat emboldened Sturdza to resist the liberals' demands. In April, after the Iaşi petitioners were scattered, Tsar Nicholas sent an aide, General Alexander Duhamel, to investigate the situation; in Iaşi he urged the prince to make a few modest concessions to defuse the situation, but the latter rejected any move toward "liberalism".
Cernăuţi.
Meeting in Cernăuţi, Bukovina, Moldavian liberals formed "Comitetul Revoluţionar Moldovean" (the Moldavian Revolutionary Committee) and commissioned Mihail Kogălniceanu to draw up a new statement of principles, "Dorinţele partidei naţionale din Moldova" ("The Wishes of the National Party in Moldavia"), published in August. More liberal than the 9 April petition, it called for an elected assembly with extensive powers, including the right to initiate legislation, and expanded the local autonomy of "judeţe", cities and rural communes.
Kogălniceanu also drafted a constitution, "Proiectul de Constituţie", which rendered the legislature the dominant branch of government, allowing it to vote taxes, draw up the annual state budget, stimulate agriculture, industry and commerce, reform laws, elect the prince, and choose the metropolitan and bishops of the Orthodox Church. Kogălniceanu, a future Prime Minister of Romania, proposed that all orders of society be represented in the assembly, without calling for universal suffrage. Instead he proposed the creation of electoral college, giving the upper classes predominant power. Like most of his colleagues, he felt obliged to remain mindful of his era's social and political realities by recognizing the "boyars'" continued leading role and limiting the participation of peasants due to their lack of education and experience.
Aftermath.
On 7 July Russian troops entered Moldavia in order to prevent the establishment of a revolutionary government similar to that in Bucharest, but did not cross into Wallachia until 27 September. Military administration lasted until 1 May 1849, when the Convention of Balta Liman was signed with the Ottoman government and restored joint Russo-Turkish control over the Danubian Principalities.
The powers installed Grigore Alexandru Ghica as the new prince of Moldavia in 1849; he was close to the reformers and in 1848 supported their liberal programme. The selection was mainly due to Ottoman grand vizier Reshid pasha, who was impressed with Ghica's moderate liberalism, which he believed would promote a stable administration after the preceding year's turbulence. Remaining sympathetic to the liberal agenda, he not only allowed a number of revolutionaries to return home, but brought many of them into his administration, including Kogălniceanu, Alecsandri and Ion Ionescu de la Brad. He introduced important administrative reforms and promoted economic development and education, but eventually lost sympathy from the revolutionary leaders for failing to change the peasantry's status or broaden middle- and lower-class participation in political life.

</doc>
<doc id="18480880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480880" title="Rainer Ernst">
Rainer Ernst

Rainer Ernst (born 31 December 1961 in Neustrelitz) is a former German footballer who amassed 56 caps for East Germany.
Career.
Until the age of 14, Ernst played in the Dynamo Neutrelitz youth side. He then transferred to BFC Dynamo, where he played in 203 league games, scoring 88 goals, until the fall of the Soviet Union in 1990, when he was signed by 1. FC Kaiserslautern. He stayed with the club for just one season, playing 18 games and scoring two goals, before moving to the French league with Girondins Bordeaux for the 1991–92. With Bordeaux he scored seven goals in 24 games during the club's return to the French top-flight. Ernst didn't, however, return with the club, as in the summer of 1992 he moved to AS Cannes in Ligue 2. He played just seven games in Cannes and scored no goals, a record which saw him transfer to FC Zürich the following season. He then moved to Servette FC in 1993–94, before returning to Germany in 1994 to spend two years in the regional league with FSV Salmrohr. He retired from professional football in 1996.
Honours.
With BFC Dynamo, Ernst was DDR-Oberliga champion for ten consecutive years (1978–79 to 1987–88), and also German Bundesliga champion with Kaiserslautern in the 1990–91 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18480883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480883" title="George Noakes">
George Noakes

George Noakes (13 September 1924 – 14 July 2008) was the Bishop of St Davids and (briefly) the Archbishop of Wales. 
Born in Ceredigion on 13 September 1924 and educated at the University of Aberystwyth, after wartime service in the RAFVR he was ordained in 1950. After a curacy at Lampeter he was successively Vicar of Eglwyswrw, Tregaron, Dewi Sant, a Welsh language church in Cardiff, Aberystwyth; and finally, before his elevation to the Episcopate, Archdeacon of Cardigan. He died on 14 July 2008, aged 83.

</doc>
<doc id="18480907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480907" title="W. Wesley Pue">
W. Wesley Pue

W. Wesley Pue (born 20 October 1954) is a Canadian lawyer and academic, Nemetz Professor of Legal History at the University of British Columbia, Vancouver. He is a past President of the Canadian Law and Society Association. 
Early life.
Pue was educated in England at Gresham's School, Holt, then at Regent's Park College, Oxford, graduating BA in Geography in 1977 and BA in Jurisprudence in 1979. He transferred to the University of Alberta, where he graduated Master of Laws in 1980.
Career.
Pue was called to the Bars of the Northwest Territories and Alberta in 1981. He taught at Osgoode Hall Law School, Oklahoma City University, Carleton University and the University of Manitoba where he was Johnson Professor of Legal History and Director of the Canadian Legal History Project. He graduated Juris Doctor from Osgoode in 1989, and in 1993 joined the University of British Columbia's Faculty of Law as its first holder of the Nemetz Chair in Legal History. From 1996 to 1998 he was Director of UBC's Graduate Programme in Law.
As Nemetz professor, Pue teaches courses in Legal History, the Legal Profession and Legal Knowledge. His research interests are in Law and Society, legal pluralism and the history of law, and he has published articles in the fields of English and Canadian legal history, the history of the legal Profession, Administrative law, law and geography, and law and society.
Dr. Pue is currently on leave from the Faculty of Law to serve as Vice-Provost and Associate Vice-President Academic Resources for the University of British Columbia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18480911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480911" title="Richard Sutton">
Richard Sutton

Richard Sutton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18480913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480913" title="Galatasaray S.K. (women's basketball)">
Galatasaray S.K. (women's basketball)

Galatasaray OdeaBank is the women's basketball section of Galatasaray S.K., a major sports club in Istanbul, Turkey. The club is sponsored by OdeaBank.
Galatasaray women's basketball team play matches in Abdi İpekçi Arena which has a seating capacity for 12,270 spectators. The team recently won EuroCup Women 2009 title after beating Cras Basket Taranto in the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="18480914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480914" title="Oliver Chace's Thread Mill">
Oliver Chace's Thread Mill

Oliver Chace's Thread Mill is an historic mill building at 505 Bay Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It is the remains of a much larger complex. The small building was used as an office and later for storage.
The building was constructed by Oliver Chace in 1840 as part of the adjacent Chace Thread Mill. When it was built, the mill and other buildings were located in what was then part of Tiverton, Rhode Island. It wasn't until 1862 that the State Line was relocated and the site became part of Fall River, Massachusetts. In 1867, the mills were sold and renamed the Mount Hope Mills, which operated until 1878. In 1880, the site was purchased by a group led by Crawford E. Lindsey, and renamed the Conanicut Mills for the production of fine cotton goods. The company later added a small brick weave shed nearby. The mills closed in 1926.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18480930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480930" title="Bird on a Wire (Tim Hardin album)">
Bird on a Wire (Tim Hardin album)

Bird on a Wire is an album by folk artist Tim Hardin, released in 1971. It was Hardin's second release on Columbia Records. It peaked at No. 189 on the Billboard Pop Album charts and was his last album to make any of the charts.
History.
In contrast to Hardin's previous releases where he had written all his own material, "Bird on a Wire" includes cover songs four of the ten tracks. By this time, his drug addictions were beginning to take a larger toll on his live performances and songwriting output. It was also his last recording done in the US.
"Bird on a Wire" was re-issued on CD by Sony in 1989 and Sony Japan in 2005.
Reception.
In his review for Allmusic, music critic Bruce Eder wrote "The singing is exquisite, poignant, and powerful and the production is as tasteful and eloquent as any in Hardin's output. This might not be the place to start listening to Tim Hardin (though there are worse places for that as well) in terms of finding out what he was about, but it's also as essential as anything in his output and a lot closer to the core of who he was than, say, "Tim Hardin 4"."
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Tim Hardin; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="18480949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480949" title="Stefan Ekberg">
Stefan Ekberg

Stefan Ekberg (born 21 January 1972 in Motala, Sweden) is an international motorcycle speedway rider who returned to the British Premier League with the for the Glasgow Tigers after a ten-year absence in 2005. In 2007 the Rye House Rockets signed Ekberg mid season to replace the injured Stuart Robson and the Rockets went on to become Premier League champions that season. He was retained by promoter Len Silver for 2008.
Career history.
Ekberg is a full Swedish international, making his debut in 1994. He previously rode in the UK for the Oxford Cheetahs and the Eastbourne Eagles, where he won the Elite League Championship in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18480953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480953" title="Union Mission Chapel-Historical Hall">
Union Mission Chapel-Historical Hall

Union Mission Chapel-Historical Hall is an historic building located on Cedar Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.
The Chapel was built in 1867 and served as a mission for many years until it was sold to the Old Colony Historical Society, which occupied the building until about 1926.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. Today, it is occupied by the American Legion.

</doc>
<doc id="18480966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480966" title="Thomas Sutton (disambiguation)">
Thomas Sutton (disambiguation)

Thomas Sutton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18480969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480969" title="Ernests Gūtmanis">
Ernests Gūtmanis

Ernests Gūtmanis (born January 15, 1901, date of death unknown) was an Latvian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Jorge Nicolares.

</doc>
<doc id="18480975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480975" title="College Field">
College Field

College Field was Appalachian State University's college football stadium in Boone, North Carolina. The Mountaineers played at College Field from 1928–1961. The Mountaineers moved across campus to Kidd Brewer Stadium (then Conrad Stadium) in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="18480980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480980" title="Luther Winslow, Jr., House">
Luther Winslow, Jr., House

Luther Winslow Jr. House is a historic house located at 5225 North Main Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1795 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. 
The 1-1/2 story farmhouse is a fine example of 18th century vernacular architecture which has remained remarkably intact. Typical features include the 5-bay plan, large central chimney, clapboard sheathing, pilasters framing the center door, transom lights, 12/l2 sash, corner boards and wide entablature. It is one of six houses in the Steep Brook area considered to be the best representatives of the pre-industrial period of the city's history.

</doc>
<doc id="18480986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480986" title="Simon Bedford">
Simon Bedford

Simon Bedford is an English professional snooker player. His best run to date in a professional ranking event was to qualify for the 1998 World Championship beating Gary Wilkinson 10–9, before losing 10–6 to Steve Davis. He also reached the last 32 of the European Open in 2004 and the Grand Prix in 2008, beating two-time World Champion Mark Williams en route. He qualified to return to the Main Tour for the 2008/2009 season by finishing ranked fourth on the 2007/2008 Pontins International Open Series.

</doc>
<doc id="18480999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18480999" title="Woman's Club of Fall River">
Woman's Club of Fall River

Woman's Club of Fall River is a historic building at 1542 Walnut Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was originally constructed in 1897 and remodeled in 1925 in the colonial revival style, by local woman architect Maude Darling Parlin. 
The building was originally a private school. During the 1910s it served as St. Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. 

</doc>
<doc id="18481003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481003" title="Clark Lake (Jackson County, Michigan)">
Clark Lake (Jackson County, Michigan)

Clark Lake is a small lake in Columbia Township in southern Jackson County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Local points of interest.
Golf Courses.
Golf Courses, parks and many other recreational activities surround the lake and provide a person with things to do year round. Clark Lake is located near the Irish Hills, Michigan International Speedway and the downtown area of Brooklyn. There are over 14 different challenging golf courses within of Clark Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="18481009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481009" title="St. John's Church (Fort Washington, Maryland)">
St. John's Church (Fort Washington, Maryland)

St. John's Church, or St. John's Episcopal Church, Broad Creek, is a historic Episcopal church located at 9801 Livingston Road in Fort Washington, Prince George's County, Maryland. It is a rectangular Flemish bond brick structure with a bell hipped roof. The interior features a barrel vaulted ceiling with an intricate support system.
This is the oldest church site in Prince George's County, dating to 1692 and the establishment of King George's Parish, which was one of the original 30 Anglican parishes in the Province of Maryland. The present structure is fourth building on the same site and dates to 1767-1768. The porch was added in the 19th century. Walter Dulany Addison, rector of St. John's after the American Revolution, was the first priest ordained in America by Thomas John Claggett. Credible evidence and honest tradition record that George Washington attended services here on numerous occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="18481017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481017" title="Woodcock-Hatch-Maxcy House Historic District">
Woodcock-Hatch-Maxcy House Historic District

Woodcock-Hatch-Maxcy House Historic District is a historic district at 362 North Washington Street in North Attleborough, Massachusetts.
The district features colonial houses and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18481032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481032" title="William Woodward House">
William Woodward House

William Woodward House is a historic house located at 117 Arlington Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. It was built circa 1800 in a symmetrical five-bay plan with two-storys, a low hipped roof, and interior end chimneys. In 1866 the house was sold to the Old Colony and Newport Railroad for use as a depot until a new station was erected nearby on Dean Street in 1876.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18481033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481033" title="Mate Brajković">
Mate Brajković

Mate Brajković (born 18 June 1981 in Sombor) is a Croatian football player. The striker currently plays for NK Opatija.

</doc>
<doc id="18481034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481034" title="Vicente Valdero">
Vicente Valdero

Vicente Valdero Cerdán (born September 10, 1905, date of death unknown) was a Spanish boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Dick Beland.

</doc>
<doc id="18481048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481048" title="Abiathar King Williams House">
Abiathar King Williams House

Abiathar King Williams House is an historic house at 43 Ingell Street in Taunton, Massachusetts, United States.
The house was built in 1843 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18481069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481069" title="Eastridge Transit Center">
Eastridge Transit Center

The Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA) Eastridge Transit Center is a transit bus station located at Eastridge Mall in eastern San Jose, California. The station is located alongside Capitol Expressway near Tully Road.
Bus routes.
The following VTA bus routes operate from Eastridge.
Bus Rapid Transit plans.
VTA is planning a bus rapid transit line from the downtown San Jose Diridon train station to the Alum Rock light rail station then along Capitol Expressway to Eastridge Mall. In March 2008, VTA announced that the state has awarded it $12.1 million for this project.
VTA's plans mention the possibility of upgrading the system to light rail in the future. They have been actively planning such a light rail extension, contingent upon less-certain funding arrangements.

</doc>
<doc id="18481081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481081" title="Joseph Willis House">
Joseph Willis House

Joseph Willis House is a historic colonial house located at 28 Worcester Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. It was built in 1688 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is the oldest house in Taunton, and one of the oldest in the state. 
The asymmetrically-bayed house has a saltbox roof, off-centered entrance and chimney stack, and small window openings. The doorway is trimmed by pilastered entablature boards. The house's first owner, Joseph Willis was a native of Bridgewater who was granted land in Taunton as a favor for his military service during King Philip's War.

</doc>
<doc id="18481094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481094" title="Ruijin Hospital">
Ruijin Hospital

Ruijin Hospital (Chinese: 瑞金医院) is a renowned general hospital in Shanghai, China, with the rank of "Grade 3, Class A (Chinese: 三级甲等)". It is a university hospital affiliated to School of Medicine, Shanghai Jiao Tong University.
The hospital was founded in 1907, formerly known as St. Marie Hospital (广慈医院). It has a land area of 120,000 sq. meters, among which, buildings cover 245,000 sq. meters and green field, 40,000 sq. meters. The hospital boasts a number of world-recognized medical scientists and experts, including Chen Zhu, Wang Zhenyi and Chen Saijuan. 
Ruijin Hospital is the largest clinical teaching center of School of Medicine, Shanghai Jiao Tong University.

</doc>
<doc id="18481101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481101" title="Mario Reilly">
Mario Reilly

Mario Reilly (born May 15, 1905, date of death unknown) was an Argentine boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Vicente Valdero.

</doc>
<doc id="18481102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481102" title="Whittenton Fire and Police Station">
Whittenton Fire and Police Station

Whittenton Fire and Police Station is a historic fire station and police station located on Bay Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. It was constructed in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is one of two stations in the city, along with the Weir Engine House designed by Taunton's second fire chief, Abner Coleman. It was built by contractor James T. Bassett.
The station houses Taunton's engine 4, water rescue 1, Whittenton police precinct, and a community police substation. The building previously housed a neighborhood library. 

</doc>
<doc id="18481132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481132" title="Unitarian Society (Fall River)">
Unitarian Society (Fall River)

The Unitarian Society was an historic church building located at 309 North Main Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
History.
The church was built in 1835 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The church was originally built at the corner of Second and Borden streets. In 1861, it was dismantled and rebuilt on North Main Street.
Samuel Longfellow was ordained and installed as minister of the church in February, 1848. His brother Henry Wadsworth Longfellow furnished the hymn for the ceremony. Samuel Longfellow's ministry in Fall River lasted 3 years.
The church was destroyed by fire on September 2, 1983. It was the oldest church in the city at the time. However, surviving the fire was a Paul Revere bell, one ornate stained glass window, two plaques, a pulpit, and the baptismal font. A new church was later built at the same location, in a new style ("see image below").

</doc>
<doc id="18481136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481136" title="Penygraig">
Penygraig

Penygraig (Head of the Rock) is a village and community in the Rhondda Valley in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, within the historic county boundaries of Glamorgan, Wales. As a community Penygraig contains the neighbouring districts of Dinas, Edmondstown, Penrhiwfer and Williamstown.
Early history.
The original settlement which in now Penygraig was called Ffrwd Amos, though as with the rest of the Rhondda before industrialisation the only settlements were farmsteads. In 1832, Soar, one of the first baptist chapels in the Rhondda was built at Penygraig by preacher David Williams.
Industrial Penygraig.
Coal mining began in Penygraig in 1857 when Thomas Ellis sank a drift mine. In 1858 Moses Rowlands and Richard Jenkins discovered a seam at Penygraig and would later form the Penygraig Coal Company. The Company sank the first deep pit in the village, The Penygraig Colliery; after which the village would be named. After the Penygraig Colliery showed a successful profit the Naval Colliery Company opened a second deep pit, The Pandy, which reached the steam coal seam in 1879. The Pandy was then sold to the New Naval Colliery Company after three disasters, which then opened three more deep mines The Ely, the Nantgwyn and the Anthony Pits. The New Naval company would then become part of the Cambrian Combine, owned by Viscount Rhondda. The Ely Colliery would be the centre of the Cambrian Combine dispute, which in turn would lead to the Tonypandy Riot.
The Naval Colliery pit disasters.
The first of three disasters to occur at the Naval Colliery happened on 4 December 1875 when a flood broke through into the mine, resulting in two miners drowning and the lives of many others placed at risk. Then on 10 December 1880 a gas explosion took the lives of 101 miners out of the 106 who were working in the mine at the time. This was followed on 27 January 1884 when another explosion led to the death of fourteen men. These disasters are likely factors in the Naval Colliery Company selling the mine in 1887.
Sport and leisure.
Penygraig is home to rugby union team Penygraig RFC, which during the late 19th and early 20th century was one of the most notable rugby clubs in the Rhondda, producing Wales international players Dai Evans and Jack Rhapps, and was the early club of British Isles rugby representative Percy Bush. 
Notable people.
Penygraig, like many of the villages of the Rhondda, also produced notable boxers, including Tom Thomas, who in 1908 became the first British national middle-weight champion, and in 1909 was the first winner of the Lonsdale Belt at the same weight.
Leanne Wood, the current leader of Plaid Cymru was born in Penygraig. 

</doc>
<doc id="18481140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481140" title="Luigi Marfut">
Luigi Marfut

Luigi Marfut (April 16, 1904 – 1980) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Alfredo Copello.

</doc>
<doc id="18481147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481147" title="Hilham, Tennessee">
Hilham, Tennessee

Hilham is an unincorporated community in Overton County, Tennessee. The community is situated around the junction of Tennessee State Route 136 (which runs north-to-south) and Tennessee State Route 85 (which runs east-to-west). Although not a census-designated place, Hilham is part of a Zip Code Tabulation Area (38568) that covers most of rural northwest Overton County and part of northeast Jackson County. As of the 2000 census, the population of this entire area was less than 2000.
Hilham was established in 1797 by Dartmouth graduate Moses Fisk (1759-1840), who believed the site was the geographic center of the United States (at the time, the Mississippi River was still the nation's western boundary). Fisk platted Hilham so that roads radiated out from the center of the community to the north, south, east and west, believing that Hilham would eventually be the ultimate crossroads of the new nation. In 1806, Fisk established one of the first female academies in the southeast at Hilham. 
The Standing Stone State Park and Forest is located north of Hilham along TN-136.

</doc>
<doc id="18481155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481155" title="Seaconnett Mills">
Seaconnett Mills

Seaconnett Mills is an historic cotton textile mill site located at 21 Father DeValles Boulevard in Fall River, Massachusetts.
Mill No. 1 was built in 1884, while Mill No. 2 was built in the 1890s. Henry C. Lincoln was the first president of the company, which had a peak capacity of 72,000 spindles. 
In October 1889, the very first operational trial of the Draper Northrop automatic loom was made at the Seaconnet Mills. Further trials and improvements to the Northrop loom were made over the next year or so. In the following decades, the Northrop automatic loom would revolutionize the weaving industry, allowing a single operator to manage multiple looms at the same time.
In 1930 the Seaconnet Mills were taken over by the Howard-Arthur Company.
The site was added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
The mill site has been recently restored into an office park and is now the site of Bristol Probate and Family Court located at 21 Father DeValles Boulevard. 

</doc>
<doc id="18481169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481169" title="Return of the Flying Tigers">
Return of the Flying Tigers

Return of the Flying Tigers is the ninth story arc in the Franco-Belgian comic book series Buck Danny, published by Jean-Michel Charlier and Victor Hubinon.
Publication history.
Like all of the Buck Danny stories, the "Return of the Flying Tigers" story arc was initially released in three separate albums; "Return of the Flying Tigers", "Flying Tigers to the Rescue", released in 1960, and "Flying Tigers versus Pirates", in 1961. During the nineties, the series was re-released and they were recombined into a single album, named after the first novel.
Plot.
Return of the Flying Tigers.
The U.S.S. "Saratoga" carrier battle group, of which Danny is the current CAG, is abruptly ordered to Manila harbour in the South China Sea. There, the admiral and Danny are informed that the CIA has been tracing an alarming increase in arms sales (including modern warplanes) to the region, which inexplicably are not meant for any of local governments. Washington fears that an aggression is imminent, and dispatched the "Saratoga" for this eventuality.
The carrier's planes are put on alert the same night in an attempt to intercept illicit flights in the region; while on duty, they identify, but then lose, a suspicious cargo plane flying towards Southeast Asia. The next day, Danny takes a Phantom jet and investigates some of the islands where the cargo might have landed; he is shot at above one of them and loses contact with the "Saratoga". When Tumbler and Tuckson investigate, they discover an entire squadron of unidentified jets fleeing the area, with Danny nowhere in sight.
A search and rescue is immediately organized, but new orders from Washington interrupt it after only two days. The "Saratoga" has been ordered to proceed with all due haste to the Southeast Asian nation of Vien Tan, where a revolution has just begun, supported by the same jets and heavy armament that CIA has been tracing. Despite this, the admiral allows Tumb and Sonny one last search of the area; they finally locate Danny and bring him back on board, where the admiral informs him that his general's stars may be at the end of the upcoming adventure.
Flying Tigers to the Rescue.
The novel opens with the admiral briefing his pilots on the situation. A criminal cartel has orchestrated a revolution against the U.S.-allied king of Vien Tan, in order to control the vital resources in his country's soil. Since the U.S. cannot intervene officially, they have agreed to lend thirty A-4 Skyhawks and pilots to the Vientanese, who will fight under the flag of the defunct Flying Tigers. (Unknown to the admiral, one of the thirty pilots, Dave Stimson, has a family in Vien Tan living in rebel-occupied country).
The new Flying Tigers land at their airbase and find themselves beset by problems. On the one hand, the rebels are well trained, well led and well informed, while on the other, the Americans are severely hindered by the incompetence of the Vientanese staff officers they serve under. To make matters worse, they eventually discover that the mercenary pilots they face are being led by an old enemy; Lady X, whom they thought to have killed a few years earlier. Danny sets the Tigers' primary goal as locating and destroying the enemy fighter base.
Meanwhile, Stimson, quietly helped by Sonny and a local peasant, Thi Ba, tries to send a message to his family in the north; instead, Thi Ba is captured by the rebels, who instantly understand the uses they can make of him. With the information he reveals to them, they locate Stimson's wife and force her to write a letter meant to draw her husband into a trap. Despite his wariness, Sonny Tuckson agrees to fly into the north with Stimson and try to save his family; instead, they are captured and imprisoned by the rebels.
Flying Tigers versus Pirates.
After her partial success in the previous novel, Lady X now plans to finish the war by crushing the Flying Tigers in one blow. On the one hand, she has the rebel propaganda broadcasts announce the capture and upcoming execution of Tuckson and Stimson; on the other, using Thi Ba, she lets false information trickle to Danny in the hopes of drawing out the entire squadron and destroying it.
With tempers running high, many of the pilots call for an out and out frontal assault; but Danny, wary of another trap, organizes his own recon into enemy territory with the help of Vientanese royal soldiers. The latter manage to get in touch with the prisoners, and learn among other things of Thi Ba's treason, which they report to headquarters. With this new information, Danny puts together another rescue plan, this one in cooperation with the Vientanese soldiers rather than Thi Ba and his associates.
The operation goes off without a hitch until the very end; one of the two rescue helicopters is disabled on takeoff, and the remaining one is too small to accommodate everyone. Sonny Tuckson remains with Souva, the Vientanese commander, and they make their way back to base on foot. This proves harder than anticipated, and becomes doubly so for Sonny when Souva is killed by a landmine. After being lost in the jungle for a week, he miraculously stumbles upon Lady X's airbase, a heavily protected airstrip in the middle of a mountain range.
After nightfall, he steals one of the rebel jets and flies it back to the Flying Tiger base. Having finally located their enemies' base, the Tigers take off as soon as possible; approaching through a narrow and undefended canyon identified earlier on by Sonny, they catch the rebels unawares and destroy the entire airbase with napalm bombs. Without its aerial support, the rebellion collapses quickly; the novel concludes after the war's end with Sonny being decorated for bravery by the Vientanese king.
Behind the scenes.
This story arc was heavily influenced by media censorship in France, "Buck Danny"'s biggest market, which had already resulted in the banning of the two Korean War novels. The Indochina War and its repercussions, including U.S. involvement in the region, had also been banned from French popular literature; thus Charlier was forced to draft a strictly fictional story, with no basis in international reality. The imaginary nation of Vien Tan stands in for Vietnam; the war between the communists and the Diem regime was replaced by a palace quarrel between a king and his rebellious nephew; and the villains' backers, rather than the Soviet Union, were made to be an unnamed and therefore apolitical criminal organization (the same role fulfilled by SPECTRE in the Bond movies of the same era).
The Flying Tigers' part in the story, however, was another matter; it was largely inspired by General Claire Lee Chennault's very real activities after 1945. At the end of World War Two, the General purchased several surplus military aircraft to create the Civil Air Transport (later Air America), an officially private company which in fact worked for the CIA and with other Western and allied governments throughout the Chinese Civil War, Korean War, First Indochina War, and Vietnam War. According to Charlier, Chennault also planned to form a combat unit, the International Volunteer Group, which would have contained volunteers of any nationality and lent its services to any government threatened by the spread of communism. It was on these groups, as well as the historic Flying Tigers, that Buck's unofficial squadron was based. The story was also a nostalgic return to the comic book's beginnings, since Danny, Tumbler and Tuckson had originally met while serving in Chennault's command during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="18481175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481175" title="Old Colony Iron Works-Nemasket Mills Complex">
Old Colony Iron Works-Nemasket Mills Complex

The Old Colony Iron Works-Nemasket Mills Complex is a historic industrial site located on Old Colony Avenue in the East Taunton section of Taunton, Massachusetts, adjacent to the Taunton River at the Raynham town line. The site was first occupied by the Old Colony Iron Company, which had originally been established in the 1820s as Horatio Leonard & Company. The western part of the complex was sold to Nemasket Mills in 1889. The eastern part was acquired by the Standard Oil Cloth Company. The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Old Colony Iron Works.
In 1813, Stephen King built a dam across the Taunton River, a short distance above the site of what would become the Old Colony Iron Company. His rights were later acquired by Horatio Leonard & Company in 1823, when a new dam was built ten rods downstream. The new firm operated an iron works here, producing nails, tacks and rolled iron until 1842. The Taunton Tow Path Company operated barges from 1836 to 1854 along canals that were built on both sides of the river to bypass the dam. In 1843, a group of investors that included prominent Taunton businessman Samuel L. Crocker, George A. Crocker, and brothers Charles and Enoch Robinson bought the idle iron works property. The Robinson brothers, originally of Bridgewater, had been working for Horatio Leonard since about 1827. 
In 1844, the new company was incorporated as the Old Colony Iron Company. The facilities were quickly expanded. By 1871, the manufacturing facilities consisted of a rolling mill and a nail mill on the west side of Old Colony Avenue and a shovel mill on the east side of Old Colony Avenue.
By the mid-1870s, the Old Colony Iron Company manufactured more nails than any other company in New England - as much as 130,000 kegs per year. By 1876, the equipment of the company included: 5 double and 6 single puddling furnaces, 9 heating furnaces, 96 nail machines, 5 trains of rolls and 5 hammers, operating on both water and steam power.
The company was hit with a substantial loss in August, 1881, when fire destroyed the nail factory and steam tack plate mill. However, the shovel mill survived destruction. Rather than rebuilding the nail mill, the company purchased the Somerset Iron Company's works in nearby Somerset, Massachusetts. The tack plate mill was rebuilt at East Taunton.
After the 1881 fire, the company concentrated more production in the manufacture of rolled steel plate for shovels. However, during this period many iron works throughout New England found it increasingly harder to compete with the iron and steel mills of Pennsylvania, the Midwest and the Southern United States, who with their easier access to coal and iron ore could produce far cheaper goods. By the end of the 1880s, many had gone out of business. Oliver Washburn, Jr. served as the last treasurer of the Old Colony Iron Company, when the property was sold in 1889.
The shovel mill located eastern portion of the iron works site was later occupied by the Standard Oil Cloth Company. In 1893, the Chandler Oil Cloth & Buckram Company was formed, with Frank W. Whitcher as president, a working capital of $200,000. The company manufactured buckram, a heavy cotton cloth used for book covers, and oilcloth, a heavy waterproof cotton fabric.
Nemasket Mills.
The Nemasket Mills Corporation was established in 1891 for cotton textile manufacture on the western portion of the former site of the Old Colony Iron Works. With an initial working capital of $400,000, Lewis Williams served as the company's first president. In 1899, this mill was acquired by New England Cotton Yarn Company, which also included the Cohannet Mills in Taunton, and several other mills in Fall River and New Bedford. The company's Taunton mills were sold in June, 1916. Cohannet Mill No. 3, located at Weir Village was sold by New England Cotton Yarn Company to William Butler, who renamed it "Nemasket Mill". The former Nemasket Mill (Old Colony Avenue) was sold to the Connecticut Cotton Mills Company. Operating as the Taunton Cotton Mills Company, the plant produced cotton cord for the tire industry.
Recent history.
The former Nemasket Mills was converted into residential condominiums in the 1980s, with a large addition constructed at the rear of the site, and is known as Riverbend Condominiums. An interesting feature of the mill conversion was the removal of the original large mill window panes and the construction of a new wall behind the original openings, creating balcony areas for the residents.
The portion of the complex on the east side of Old Colony Avenue, formerly occupied by the shovel works, now contains various small commercial buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="18481176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481176" title="Landon Ling">
Landon Ling

Landon Lloyd Ling (; born 8 October 1987) is a Canadian footballer of Hong Kong origin who plays for Hong Kong First Division League side Sun Pegasus, as a left back or a left winger. He is also a singer, songwriter and music producer. He was a music producer, working in Canada.
Football career.
Club career.
Ling began his football career at Vancouver with Whitecaps FC Prospects. In 2002, he attended the Blackburn Rovers youth academy. He later moved to the Czech Republic in 2006 where he signed a contract with Jablonec 97. He played two years in the Czech Republic before joining Hong Kong's Kitchee in the summer of 2008.
Ling was a regular first team player at Kitchee in 2008-09 season. Head coach Julio César Moreno asserted that he was a vital player.
He was selected for the Hong Kong League XI in 2009 which participated in the Lunar New Year Cup with Sparta Prague, Suwon Samsung Bluewings, South China, and TSW Pegasus.
Ling was injured during 2009 pre-season training with Kitchee. He returned to Canada to work with music production.
November 2011 he is back to Kitchee after long recovery period.
International career.
Ling was a member of the Canada U-20 men's national soccer team for the friendly match against Czech Republic national under-20 football team in Stadium Roudnice nad Labem, Prague on 6 October 2007. He played all 90 minutes in the 2-1 victory for Canada.
Music career.
On 1 February 2010, Ling released his first mixtape album titled "It Started With Everything".
List of songs of It started with everything
On April 2012, Ling released his second mixtape album titled "Another Chapter".
List of songs of another chapter

</doc>
<doc id="18481181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481181" title="Baudilus">
Baudilus

Saint Baudilus (, , ) is venerated as a martyr by the Catholic Church. His cult is closely associated with the city of Nîmes, but also spread into Spain. 
The first missionary in Nîmes is said to have been Saint Saturnin (Saturninus), who was sent by Pope Fabian to Gaul around 245 AD. Saturnin converted a native of Nîmes, Saint Honestus, who was later martyred at Pamplona. However, the "Catholic Encyclopedia" writes that "the true apostle of Nîmes was St. Baudilus, whose martyrdom is placed by some at the end of the third century, and, with less reason, by others at the end of the fourth." Tradition also makes him a martyr during the reign of Julian the Apostate.
The legend of Saint Baudilus states that he was not a native of Nîmes, but was a Christian - possibly a deacon - who came into the city one day during a festival celebrated by the Salii or Agonales in honor of Veiovis. The festival was being celebrated in hills near the city, formerly covered with oaks (now occupied by vineyards). A crowd was grouped on the hillsides, watching the ceremony, which, according to Abbé Azaïs, writing in 1872, involved the immolation of sacrificial victims.
Baudilus condemned this ceremony and toppled a statue of the god. Furious at this insult, the pagan priests whipped and then executed Baudilus instead, decapitating him with an axe. According to the legend, his severed head bounced three times on the ground, each impact bringing forth a spring of water. Upon these springs of water was later built an oratory: l'oratoire des Trois-Fontaines ("Three Fountains"). 
Baudilus’ body was collected by his wife, and was transported to a place called "Valsainte", where there already existed a colony of Christians, and he was buried there. Valsainte became a place of pilgrimage, and a church was built there in the fourth century, and later a monastery in 511 AD (which survived until the 17th century). The crypt of Saint Baudilus ("la crypte de St Baudile") at the corner of rue des Moulins and rue des Trois Fontaines, would mark the alleged spot where Baudilus was martyred. 
Jules Igolin writes that Nîmes became the site of a bishopric by the fourth century and that its first bishop was Saint Felix of Nîmes ("St Félix"), who was martyred around 407 AD.
Veneration in France.
Baudilus is the patron of various churches in France, including churches in Noves, Fabrègues, and Neuilly-sur-Marne.
Cult in Spain.
His cult spread into Spain, where he became the patron of various churches. His name acquired variants, including "Baudelio, Boal", "Boi", "Baldiri" (the last two are Catalan). One source has stated that Baudilus’ fame as a thaumaturgus resulted in his cult spreading beyond France, with a very widespread cult in Spain, including Catalonia. Baudilus is mentioned briefly in Robert Southey's "Roderick". The notes to the text state that Baudilus "is a saint very little known, it will be proper to say something of him. This saint is much reverenced in Salamanca and in Zamora; and in both cities he has a parochial church; and in Zamora they have a good part of his relics. They have so much corrupted the name, calling him St. Boal, that the saint is now scarcely known by his own." Salamanca has a church and a palace named San Boal; there is an image of the saint in the church.
"Castile-Leon"
"Catalonia"
"La Rioja"

</doc>
<doc id="18481192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481192" title="Ismaila Jagne">
Ismaila Jagne

Career.
After playing in the youth teams of R.S.C. Anderlecht he started his senior career in Finland playing with Tervarit for 3 seasons. Afterwords, he signed with KF Trepça from Kosovo in 2006, before moving to Albania where he will play for KS Teuta Durrës, Skënderbeu Korçë, KS Turbina Cërrik and KF Naftëtari Kuçovë. In the season 2009-10 he played with Omayya Idlib in Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="18481204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481204" title="Globe Yarn Mills">
Globe Yarn Mills

Globe Yarn Mills are two historic textile mills located at 460 Globe Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The company was incorporated in 1881 for the manufacture of cotton yarns. Mill No. 1 was completed in 1881. William J. Jennings was the first president. Mill No. 2 was built in 1885 also from red brick. The company would later be acquired by the New Bedford Cotton Yarn Company, then American Cotton Fabric Company, and later the Connecticut Company in 1920.
The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. Globe Yarn Mills No. 3, built in 1887 on nearby Globe Mills Avenue was added under a separate listing with the Sanford Spinning Co..
For many years the mills were the site of Globe Mill Discount Center and also a flea market.

</doc>
<doc id="18481218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481218" title="Michel Haddad">
Michel Haddad

Michel Haddad (born February 22, 1902, date of death unknown) was an Egyptian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Luigi Marfut.

</doc>
<doc id="18481221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481221" title="Preserved Gardner House">
Preserved Gardner House

Preserved Gardner House is a historic house at 90 Milford Road in Swansea, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1820 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18481245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481245" title="Magdalena Solís">
Magdalena Solís

Magdalena Solis, also known as the High Priestess of Blood, was a serial killer and member of a Mexican cult responsible for orchestrating several murders which involved the drinking of the victims' blood. She was convicted of two of the murders and sentenced to fifty years in prison.
Life.
She came from a poverty-stricken dysfunctional family, and entered into prostitution at a young age- a profession in which she worked until her marriage with the Santos and Cayetano Hernandez cult in 1963. Her brother, Eleazar Solis, acted as her pimp during this time.
Upon admission to the sect, Magdalena Solis developed a severe theological psychosis. She was a religious fanatic, who suffered from religious delusions and delusions of grandeur, as well as a marked sexual perversion that was expressed in the consumption of the blood (vampirism) of her victims and sadism with which she committed her crimes (see: sadomasochism), and also the practice of incest, fetishism and pedophilia.
Psychiatric profile.
Magdalena Solis was an organized murderer and sexual predator who killed in groups. She is one of the few documented cases of female serial killers who had clear sexual motivations.
She was responsible for at least eight murders, although the numbers have been speculated to be higher, committed in the small community of "Yerba Buena", near the city of Monterrey in the Mexican state of Nuevo León. Magdalena represented herself as a goddess and ordered numerous sacrifices for blood rituals.
The Hernandez Brothers's sect.
In late 1962 and early 1963, brothers Santos and Cayetano Hernandez, a pair of petty criminals, devised a scam which they thought was brilliant and would solve all their monetary problems. They reached the small town of Yerba Buena, (a marginalized community in northern Mexico, with a little more than 50 people, all of them mired in extreme poverty and mostly illiterate) and proclaimed themselves prophets and high priests of the "powerful and exiled Inca gods."
They were told that the Inca gods, in return for worship and tribute, would give them treasures hidden in the caves of the mountains surrounding the village, (where they also performed their rites), and would soon come to claim authority over their former kingdom and punish the unbelievers.
The Hernandezes were completely ignorant, because the "Inca gods" belong to the mythology of pre-Hispanic Peru. But many of the inhabitants of Yerba Buena believed them. Thus the Hernandez founded a relatively prosperous sect; adherents demanded economic and sexual taxes (both women and men). The Hernandezes went from being thieves to cheats and sexual slaveholders, organizing orgies in which they used narcotics.
The cult continued running seamlessly for a while, after which the believers began to grow impatient at not seeing the promises fulfilled. The Hernandez brothers devised a plan: they went to Monterrey in search of prostitutes who wanted to be part of the farce, and made contact with Magdalena and her brother, who agreed.
During a ritual, they presented, (using a smoke screen), Magdalena Solis as the reincarnation of a goddess.
Crimes.
Shortly after joining the sect, Magdalena took over. By then two members, tired of the sexual abuse, wanted to leave the sect. The other believers were brought before the "high priests". Solis's condemnation was clear: the death penalty. The two sect members were lynched by the terrified adherents.
The blood ritual.
After these first two murders, as is characteristic of serial murderers, their crimes evolved, becoming more violent. Bored with simple orgies, she began to demand human sacrifice. She devised a "blood ritual": The sacrificed (which was always a dissenting member) was brutally beaten, burned, cut and maimed by all the members of the cult. Thereafter, blood-letting was practiced: The blood was deposited in a cup mixed with chicken blood (the ritual also included animal sacrifices and the use of narcotics such as marijuana and peyote).The victim was made to bleed to death.
Solis drank from the chalice and then handed it to the priests (the Hernandez Brothers and Eleazar Solis), and finally the other members, each who had their turn to drink. The belief was that this gave them extra-natural powers.
Now based on elements from Aztec mythology, "the blood was the only decent food for the gods, through it they preserved their immortality." The goddess needed to drink blood to stay young forever. Magdalene was supposedly the reincarnation of the Aztec goddess Coatlicue.
The butchering went on for six continuous weeks in 1963, a period in which 4 people died in this way. In the last sacrifices they reached the point of dissecting the heart of the victims alive.
Last victims.
In May 1963 when a 14 year old local resident, Sebastian Guerrero, wandered near the caves where the Solis sect was performing their rites. Attracted by the lights and noises coming out of one of the caves, he witnessed one of the rites in progress.
He ran over 25 km, from Yerba Buena to the town of Villa Gran, to the nearest police station. He failed to give any other description of the "group of murderers who prey on ecstasy and who were gluttonously drinking human blood."
The next morning, an officer, (Investigator Luis Martinez) escorted him home and in the process he was able to show him where he had seen the vampires. That was the last day that Sebastian Guerrero and Luis Martinez were seen alive.
Arrest and sentencing.
Police, dismayed by the disappearance of Guerrero and Martinez, now took the case seriously. On May 31, 1963 police, in conjunction with the army, deployed an operation in Yerba Buena. Eleazar and Magdalena Solis were arrested on a farm in the town, in possession of a considerable amount of marijuana. Santos Hernandez was shot by police bullets while resisting arrest. Cayetano Hernandez was assassinated by one of the members of the sect, called Jesus Rubio, who, before the crisis, wanted to be a part of the body of high priests for protection.
In subsequent investigations they found, first, the carved up bodies of Sebastian Guerrero and Luis Martinez, near a farm where the Solis siblings were arrested (they had removed the heart of the latter in the style of Aztec sacrifice). They then found the bodies, also dismembered, of the other six persons in the vicinity of the caves.
Magdalena and Eleazar Solis were sentenced to 50 years in prison for only two homicides (those of Guerrero and Martinez), they were not able to confirm their participation in the other six murders because all the cult members arrested refused to testify.
Many members of the sect were shot in the shootout with the police because, as they were armed, they barricaded themselves in the caves. Those who were arrested were sentenced to 30 years in prison for six counts of murder in the form of "group or gang murder, or lynching." Their illiterate and pauperised condition served as mitigating factors. It was not until years later that some ex-cult members spoke of the cult.

</doc>
<doc id="18481257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481257" title="Rodman Flender">
Rodman Flender

Rodman Flender (born June 6, 1962 in New York City) is an American actor, writer, director and producer.
Career.
Flender's directing credits include the feature films "The Unborn", "Idle Hands" and the documentary "Let Them Eat Rock" as well as episodes of many television shows, including "The Office", "Ugly Betty", "The O.C.", "Dawson's Creek", "Tales from the Crypt" and "Gilmore Girls". Flender's writing credits include "Tales from the Crypt", "Roger Corman's Dracula Rising" and "In The Heat of Passion". As an actor, he appeared in the Broadway production of "Zalmen, Or The Madness of God", the PBS mini-series "The Adams Chronicles" and the film "Beethoven's 5th". His producing credits include the television series "My Guide To Becoming A Rock Star" and the films "Streets" and "Full Fathom Five".
Following the 2010 Tonight Show conflict, Flender joined Conan O'Brien (whom he knew since their days at Harvard) on the road, as part of the Legally Prohibited from Being Funny on Television Tour, and documented the ongoings behind-the-scenes, onstage and between shows. The documentary, titled "Conan O'Brien Can't Stop", was released in select theatres on June 24, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18481260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481260" title="Carpenter Bridge (Massachusetts)">
Carpenter Bridge (Massachusetts)

Carpenter Bridge is a historic bridge on Carpenter Street in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.
The bridge was built in 1873 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18481266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481266" title="Market Square, Providence, Rhode Island">
Market Square, Providence, Rhode Island

Market Square is a market square in Providence, Rhode Island. It is located at the intersection of present-day North Main Street and College Street.
History.
In the 17th century the land comprising modern day Market Square was originally owned by Chad Brown, progenitor of the Brown family, later affiliated with Brown University. 
The current Market House, built in 1775, within Market Square was the focal point of colonial Providence, where many townspeople would buy produce and exchange news and gossip. 
On September 7, 1897 Emma Goldman the famous anarchist and feminist was arrested for "Open-Air Speaking" and charges of "Attracting a Crowd" at Market Square when she attempted to speak in public, after the mayor had warned her not to deliver any more open-air speeches.
She had been traveling to lecture on topics such as "Why I am an Anarchist-Communist," "Woman", "Marriage", the recent assassination of the Spanish Premier, and a speech "Berkman's Unjust Sentence," about Alexander Berkman's imprisonment for the murder of Henry Clay Frick.
After keeping Goldman in jail overnight, the Providence authorities ordered her to leave town in twenty four hours or face a three-month prison term.
References.
[http://www.city-data.com/us-cities/The-Northeast/Providence-Recreation.html]
[http://query.nytimes.com/gst/abstract.html?res=9501E2DE1039E433A2575BC0A96F9C94669ED7CF]
[http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/amex/goldman/sfeature/sf_arrests.html]
[http://sunsite.berkeley.edu/Goldman/Guide/chronology6900.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18481268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481268" title="George Lang (restaurateur)">
George Lang (restaurateur)

George Lang (born György Deutsch; 1924 – July 5, 2011) was a Hungarian born American restaurateur. 
Lang was the only child of Simon Deutsch, a tailor, and Ilona Lang. He grew up in this "modestly prosperous" Jewish family in Székesfehérvár, Hungary where he practiced violin. After Döme Sztójay took over as prime minister in March 1944, György was ordered into a labor camp; both his parents later died in Auschwitz, but György escaped within six months. In order to survive, he hid his identity and joined the pro-Nazi Arrow Cross, in which he served for three months before he was discovered. Russian forces liberated Budapest before he could be executed, however. He was tried for war crimes as an Arrow Cross member; even though he was acquitted, "Europe was finished for him." He changed his name (Deutsch means 'German'), taking his mother's maiden name, and moved to the United States in 1946 with his cousin Évi.
He pioneered the profession of restaurant consulting when in 1970 he started the George Lang Corporation. In 1975 he bought the Café des Artistes, a restaurant popular with musicians, journalists, and others; it closed in 2009 after steady losses and union troubles. In 1992, along with Ronald S. Lauder, he bought and restored the famous Budapest restaurant Gundel. 
His autobiography, entitled "Nobody Knows the Truffles I've Seen" (a reference to the spiritual "Nobody Knows the Trouble I've Seen") was published by Knopf in 1998.
Lang, who was married to Jenifer Harvey Lang at the time of his death, had been treated for Alzheimer's disease and died at age 86 at his home in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="18481293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481293" title="Deborah Chung">
Deborah Chung

Deborah Duen Ling Chung (; born 1952) is an American scientist and author.
Career and awards.
Chung was born and raised in Hong Kong. She studied at Ying Wa Girls' School and King's College (Hong Kong). She moved to the United States in 1970 and received a B.S. degree in Engineering and Applied Science and an M.S. degree in Engineering Science from California Institute of Technology (Caltech) in 1973. At Caltech, she conducted research under the supervision of Pol Duwez. She, along with Sharon R. Long, are among the four first women to receive B.S. degrees from Caltech.
Chung received a Ph.D. degree in Materials Science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1977. Her thesis was supervised by Mildred S. Dresselhaus.
In 1977, Chung joined the faculty of Carnegie Mellon University, where she taught materials science and electrical engineering.
In 1986, she joined the faculty of University at Buffalo, The State University of New York, where she directs the Composite Materials Research Laboratory and was named Niagara Mohawk (later known as National Grid) Endowed Chair Professor in 1991. She received the Chancellor's Award for Excellence in Scholarship and Creative Activities from State University of New York in 2003 and was named Outstanding Inventor by State University of New York in 2002. In 1993, she was honored as "Teacher of the Year" by Tau Beta Pi (New York Nu). Chung was the first American woman and the first person of Chinese descent to receive the Charles E. Pettinos award, in 2004. In 2011, she received an Honorary Doctorate Degree from University of Alicante, Alicante, Spain.
Scientific work.
The main topic of her research is composite materials, with emphasis on multifunctional structural materials, materials for thermal management and electronic packaging, materials for electromagnetic interference shielding, structural materials for vibration damping, and structural materials for thermoelectricity. Chung developed "smart concrete" (concrete that can sense its own condition), a type of nickel nanofiber (also known as nickel filament, for electromagnetic interference shielding) and conformable thermal paste (for improving thermal contacts, with applications in microelectronic cooling). In addition, she, along with Shoukai Wang, discovered apparent negative resistance in carbon fiber polymer-matrix composites.
Chung is the author of "Functional Materials: Electrical, Dielectric, Electromagnetic, Optical and Magnetic Applications (With Companion Solution Manual)" in 2010, and of "Composite Materials: Science and Applications" (2nd Edition) in 2010. She has edited two book series, "The Road to Scientific Success" and "Engineering Materials for Technological Needs".
Chung is Associate Editor of the Journal of Electronic Materials and is a member of the Honorary Editorial Advisory Board of the "Carbon" journal, a member of the Editorial Board of the "New Carbon Materials" journal, and a member of the Editorial Committee of Carbon Letters.
Historical work.
Chung is a co-author of the book "Piloted to Serve", an autobiography of her mother, Rebecca Chan Chung (1920-2011), a nurse with the Flying Tigers, U.S. Army and China National Aviation Corporation during World War II.
Speaking.
Chung speaks in conferences, universities and community events, with topics including technology and history.

</doc>
<doc id="18481295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481295" title="The Terrible Twos">
The Terrible Twos

The Terrible Twos are an alternative children's band from Lawrence, Kansas. They have the same line-up as The New Amsterdams.
History.
In 2005 after The Get Up Kids split up, lead singer Matt Pryor turned his focus on his other band The New Amsterdams and, primarily, his children. The main reason The Get Up Kids split up was due to Pryor's disenchantment with touring, and his desire to spend more time with his children. As he spent more time with them, he began writing children's songs. Eventually, he showed them to his bandmates, and they decided to perform them. Pryor's goal was to create music that would engage children, but entertain their parents as well. Eventually, they recorded their first album, "If You Ever See an Owl...". After the album was complete, however, it was not released immediately due to the band members focusing on The New Amsterdams. Alongside this, they wanted artist and friend Travis Miller to illustrate a storybook to be packaged with the album. Finally, in 2005 the album was released independently, then re-released on Vagrant Records in 2007.
Since then, the band has done sporadic shows at various children's book stores and other venues in-between tour dates with The New Amsterdams. They have also recorded a second album, "Jerzey the Giant", which was released on July 29, 2008 on Vagrant Records, the same day as Matt Pryor's first solo album Confidence Man.

</doc>
<doc id="18481320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481320" title="Ben Rothwell (boxer)">
Ben Rothwell (boxer)

Benjamin "Ben" Rothwell, Jr. (September 14, 1902 – December 1979) was an American boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in West Point, Virginia and died in Short Hills, New Jersey.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the lightweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Alfredo Copello.

</doc>
<doc id="18481329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481329" title="Sargis I Jaqeli">
Sargis I Jaqeli

Sargis I Jaqeli () (died 1285) was a Georgian nobleman of the House of Jaqeli who became the first sovereign Prince of Samtskhe in 1268.
Sargis was the son of Bek’a Jaqeli, duke of Samtskhe in southwest Georgia, and served as eristavi and amirspasalar under King David VII of Georgia. When David revolted against the Mongol emperors of Il-Khan in 1260, Sargis assumed the commandership of rebel forces and confronted the Mongol punitive expedition led by Arghun Agha. He was eventually defeated, but succeeded in beating off Arghun’s attack on his estates in 1262. Later that year, Sargis accompanied David VII to the Il-Khan court. He is reported to have pleaded himself guilty of a revolt in order to save his royal suzerain from Hulagu Khan’s rage. Around same time, he took part in the Il-Khan’s struggle against the rival Mongol ruler Berke of the Golden Horde, and reputedly saved Hulagu’s life during a battle. The khan decided to reward Sargis’s service by granting him the city of Karin, an honor blocked by jealous Georgian rivals. Having felt betrayed, Sargis broke with the Georgian court, but remained a faithful vassal to the Il-Khans, and was granted "injü" status in 1266. Thus, Samtskhe became virtually independent of the Georgian crown and was placed under the Il-Khan protectorate. Sargis’s association with the Georgian court was not completely severed, however, as we hear of him being appointed a Lord High Treasurer by Demetrius II of Georgia (r. 1270–1289).

</doc>
<doc id="18481331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481331" title="New York City Master Chorale">
New York City Master Chorale

The New York City Master Chorale (NYCMC) is a 60-person non-profit chorus founded in 2005 and directed by Dr. Thea Kano with the mission “to make a significant statement for choral excellence.” Rasaan Bourke is assistant conductor.
The Chorale consists of trained volunteer musicians from the greater New York City area and seeks to broaden public interest in fine choral music by performing a full range of musical styles at the highest quality. Audience members have commended the warmth and body of the chorale’s tone, and a concert review in "Soundview News" praised its “poignant elegance.”
Since its premiere at Lincoln Center’s Alice Tully Hall in 2006, the Chorale has expanded its artistic influence, performing two concerts in its most recent season. To date, the New York City Master Chorale has performed at a variety of venues, including Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center's Avery Fisher Hall, Riverside Church, Church of St. Paul the Apostle and Symphony Space, and has collaborated with both the Park Avenue Symphony and the Astoria Symphony.
Recent repertoire has included Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony, the Mozart Requiem, Rachmaninoff’s Vespers, the Fauré Requiem, Leonard Bernstein’s Chichester Psalms and Morten Lauridsen’s Lux Æterna, along with choral works by American composers including Aaron Copland, Samuel Barber and Randall Thompson, and spirituals by Moses Hogan.
During the 2008–2009 season, the Chorale premiered a new American work for chorus, orchestra and narrator at Lincoln Center. "The Journey", composed by Aaron Fruchtman, tells the tale of pioneers moving west on the Oregon Trail. The performance was narrated by Academy Award nominee Bruce Dern. During the 2009 - 2010 season, the Chorale presented the Duruflé Requiem. They also collaborated with the Rock Creek Singers of the Gay Men's Chorus of Washington DC to present the Duruflé Messe Cum Jubilo. 
The 2010 - 2011 season was the Chorale's Fifth Anniversary season, during which the Chorale had its European debut, performing the European premiere of Paul Leavitt: Requime at Église Saint-Sulpice. The Chorale also performed at St. Patrick's Cathedral in December 2010.
The New York City Master Chorale also has a commitment to providing outreach to New York City’s public schools and community. In addition to engaging community members through its regular concerts, Dr. Kano and the singers visit low-income public schools, exposing more than 400 students per year to choral music. These classroom lessons include conversations with students about the value and role of classical music and providing them with complimentary tickets to the chorale’s concerts. The majority of the students who partake in the program and who attend the concerts have had little to no exposure to classical music.
Additionally, the Chorale performs free concerts at area churches to bring the experience of classical music to local communities. NYCMC is the only New York City area chorus with such outreach programs in its schools and community.

</doc>
<doc id="18481336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481336" title="Gilbert Talbot">
Gilbert Talbot

Gilbert Talbot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18481342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481342" title="Preseed">
Preseed

Preseeding is a method for automating the installation of the Debian GNU/Linux operating system and its derivatives. Answers to installation questions, which would normally be answered interactively by an operator, are predetermined and supplied via a configuration file (and sometimes boot parameters). This is similar to unattended installations of Windows operating systems using an answer file (see Installation (computer programs)).
Many Debian-based operating systems support preseed, because it is a feature of the Debian-Installer (also known as "d-i"). For instance, although Ubuntu is commonly installed via the user-friendly Ubiquity installer, preseeding the d-i is the recommended method for automating Ubuntu installations
and for customizing install CDs.
Note that preseeding automates the operating system installation, but it does not necessarily continue to detailed configuration or application installation in the same way as Fully Automatic Installation

</doc>
<doc id="18481346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481346" title="Toto discography">
Toto discography

This article presents the discography of American rock band Toto.

</doc>
<doc id="18481348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481348" title="Sašo Gjoreski">
Sašo Gjoreski

Sašo Gjoreski (born 18 September 1982) is a Macedonian football player. The defender currently plays for FK Bregalnica Štip. He has also played for top Albanian side KF Tirana during the 2007-2008 season, making 11 league appearances

</doc>
<doc id="18481354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481354" title="Cohannet Mill No. 3">
Cohannet Mill No. 3

Cohannet Mill No. 3 is an historic textile mill located at 120 Ingell Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. The mill was built in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. It is the only remaining mill of the Cohannet Mills company, founded in 1847 for the manufacture of fine cotton yarns.
The site has been cleaned up and restored and is now known as "Robertson on the River", with 64 affordable, loft-style apartments and of business space.
Cohannet Mills.
The Cohannet Mills were incorporated in 1847 with an initial capital of $100,000. The first mill was built at Adams Street in Taunton, on the banks of the Mill River. Opened the following year, Mill No. 1 was 333 feet long by 50 feet wide, with two stories. John E. Sanford served as the company's first president. In 1881, the capital was increased to $200,000, and Mill No. 2 was erected nearby. It was 365 feet long by 72 feet wide with three stories. The two mills were steam powered and manufactured fine cotton yarn for hoisery. By 1887, they contained 30,800 spindles and employed 250 people.
The athletic fields for Coyle and Cassidy High School now occupy the site of Cohannet Mills No. 1 and 2. The school building is located on what was Poole Mills.
Site history.
Cohannet Mill No. 3 was built along the banks of the Taunton River at Weir Village, away from the company's other two mills. In 1899 it was acquired by New England Cotton Yarn Company, along with the Nemasket Mills at East Taunton. The New England Cotton Yarn Company also owned several mills in Fall River, New Bedford and North Dighton, Massachusetts. The company's two Taunton mills were sold in June, 1916. The former Cohannet Mill No. 3 was sold to William Butler, who renamed it "Nemasket Mill". The former Nemasket Mill (on Old Colony Avenue) was sold to the Connecticut Cotton Mills Company.
With the help of an EPA Grant in 2001, the site, also known as Robertson Mills, was cleaned up and converted into residences. The complex also contains the offices of the Neighborhood Corporation, non-profit group (formerly known as Weir Corporation). The project received an award from the Massachusetts Historical Commission in 2006 for adaptive reuse.

</doc>
<doc id="18481360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481360" title="Liberto Corney">
Liberto Corney

Liberto Corney Espallargas (February 20, 1905 – 1955) was an Uruguayan boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
In 1924, he was eliminated in the first round of the lightweight class after losing his fight to Chris Graham.

</doc>
<doc id="18481369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481369" title="Cornell Mills">
Cornell Mills

Cornell Mills is an historic cotton textile mill located at Alden Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The mill was organized in 1889 and built in 1890 from native Fall River granite. It had a capacity of 45,000 spindles. John D. Flint was the company's first president. The plant was closed in 1930.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18481374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481374" title="John Taverner (disambiguation)">
John Taverner (disambiguation)

John Taverner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18481380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481380" title="Foster Spinning Co.">
Foster Spinning Co.

Foster Spinning Co. is an historic textile mill on Cove Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The mill was built in 1916 from red brick and had a capacity of 13,312 spindles. It was the last new mill built in Fall River.
The site was added to the National Historic Register in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18481392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481392" title="Hualqui">
Hualqui

Hualqui is a Chilean city and commune in the Concepción Province, Biobio Region. It is also part of the Greater Concepcion conurbation, although it maintains a rural profile. It had a population of 18,768 inhabitants according to the 2002 census.
Its name comes from the Moluche Aillarehue and rehue of Hualqui that existed there at the beginning of the Conquest of Chile. In 1577, the Royal Governor of Chile Rodrigo de Quiroga erected a small fort of Hualqui on the Biobío River from the city of Concepcion and to the northwest of Talcamávida at the site of the modern city and over time a small settlement grew around it. In the beginning of 1756 Governor Manuel de Amat y Juniet erected a town there, named "San Juan Bautista de Gualqui". It served as capital to the Corregimiento de Puchacay and then Partido de Puchacay until 1799.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Hualqui spans an area of and has 18,768 inhabitants (9,293 men and 9,475 women). Of these, 14,756 (78.6%) lived in urban areas and 4,012 (21.4%) in rural areas. The population grew by 16.2% (2,612 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Hualqui is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Ricardo Fuentes Palma (Ind.).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Hualqui is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Sergio Bobadilla (UDI) and Clemira Pacheco (PS) as part of the 45th electoral district, (together with Tomé, Penco, Florida, Coronel and Santa Juana). The commune is represented in the Senate by Alejandro Navarro Brain (MAS) and Hosain Sabag Castillo (PDC) as part of the 12th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Cordillera).

</doc>
<doc id="18481395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481395" title="Hebronville Mill Historic District">
Hebronville Mill Historic District

The Hebronville Mill Warehouse and Processing Company was owned and operated by John J. Ryan and Sons Cotton Brokers from the late 1920s through the second World War until the early 1950s. During this time, the Mill was managed by Edward "Ted" W. Corr of Taunton, MA. The main function of the Mill was reprocessing of cotton waste material obtained from 20 other company mills located throughout RI and MA.
Hebronville Mill Historic District is a historic district on Knight Avenue, Read and Phillip Streets in Attleboro, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18481400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481400" title="2008–09 PFC Cherno More Varna season">
2008–09 PFC Cherno More Varna season

This page covers all relevant details regarding PFC Cherno More Varna for all official competitions inside the 2008-09 season. These are A PFG, Bulgarian Cup and UEFA Cup.
2008-09 Squad.
As of 27 April 2009
A PFG.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
Bulgarian Cup.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
UEFA Cup.
"Kick-off listed in local time"

</doc>
<doc id="18481409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481409" title="List of stadiums in China">
List of stadiums in China

The following is a list of stadiums in China, ordered by capacity. Currently all stadiums with a capacity of 30,000 or more are included.

</doc>
<doc id="18481411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481411" title="Jesus Marie Convent (Fall River, Massachusetts)">
Jesus Marie Convent (Fall River, Massachusetts)

Jesus Marie Convent is a historic former convent located at 138 St. Joseph's Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1887 and designed by local architect and parish member Louis G. Destremps, who also designed the nearby orphanage, school and church.
The four story Second Empire brick convent was built as part of Notre Dame Parish. The west facing central tower with its Italianate window lintels is blocked forward and dentils adorn the cornice line. A detached auditorium was added in 1939 to the north of the main structure. Until 1871, the building also housed Jesus Marie Academy, a private high school for girls. In the mid-1970s, the academy was renovated into a retirement center-infirmary for retired religious.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. Shortly after, the property was converted into apartments, known as Lafayette Place. Several new buildings were added on the grounds to the west of the historic convent.

</doc>
<doc id="18481412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481412" title="Tom's Snacks">
Tom's Snacks

Tom's Snacks Co. is an American snack food company founded in Columbus, Georgia. It is a subsidiary of Lance Inc.
History.
The Beginning.
In 1925, Tom Huston founded "Tom's Roasted Peanuts", and began selling his peanuts for a nickel a bag. Within two years, Tom's peanuts were being sold around the country generating US$4 million in sales. However, due to unpaid notes Huston lost the company to the bank. In 1932, Walter Richards bought Tom's from the bank and took the company public. By the 1950s sales reached US$16 million.
Changes in Ownership.
In 1966, General Mills acquired Tom's for US$75 million, and changed the name to "Tom's Foods". In the 1970s, General Mills attempted to launch Tom's chips into national supermarkets. However, the campaign failed due to the lack of national attention. By 1983, Tom's had changed ownership again. Rowntree-Mackintosh paid US$215 million to acquire the company in a mutual agreement. During their ownership, they launched a franchise program for their distributors. Due to the lack of sales, the company was once again sold. TF Acquisition Corporation took over the company in 1988 paying US$200 million. Under this new ownership, they opened new chip plants in Georgia and Tennessee expanding their network of independent distributors. Tom's had goals of increasing sales to up over US$400 million over the next five years. Their goals fell short, and in 1993 Heico Acquisitions took the company over. Over the next couple years, sales suffered falling to US$200 million. As a result Tom's Foods had declared bankruptcy.
Today.
In 2005, Lance Inc. won the bid to acquire Tom's Foods. Lance has since changed the name to Tom's Snacks Co.. Today Lance distributes Tom's products across the country expanding their brand recognition.
Tom's Snacks is the first mainstream snack company to feature wrestlers on the packaging of their potato chip bags, including TNA stars Rob Van Dam, Mr. Anderson, Velvet Sky, "The Pope" D'angelo Dinero & AJ Styles.
Products.
Tom's products include potato chips, corn chips, fries, tortilla chips, and pork skins.
Additionally, Bugles are manufactured under the brand name.
References.
1.http://toms-snacks.com/our-snacks/corn-and-tortilla/nacho/

</doc>
<doc id="18481419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481419" title="Lothrop Memorial Building-G.A.R. Hall">
Lothrop Memorial Building-G.A.R. Hall

Lothrop Memorial Building-G.A.R. Hall is an historic building located at 95 Washington Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. It was originally built in 1888 as the First Presbyterian Church, on land purchased from Marcus Morton. 
The church was dissolved in 1903, and sold to Cyrus Lothrop, who donated the it to the Massachusetts Veterans of the G.A.R. It was the home of William H. Bartlett GAR Post No. 3, one of 210 GAR posts in Massachusetts.
The fieldstone building contains a variety of Queen Anne style elements, including a wood latticework screen, brackets and ornamental balustrade.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, and has been converted to office use.

</doc>
<doc id="18481428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481428" title="Philip Sansom">
Philip Sansom

Philip Richard Sansom (19 September 1916 – 24 October 1999) was an anarchist writer and activist.
Sansom began working life as a commercial artist. During the Second World War he was a conscientious objector, and worked in farming for a while. From 1943 he worked on "War Commentary", a wartime substitute for the anarchist paper "Freedom". With his co-editors Vernon Richards and John Hewetson, he was tried at the Old Bailey in 1945 and imprisoned for nine months for conspiring to publish an article allegedly inciting soldiers to disaffect from their duty or allegiance. He was a charismatic orator at Speakers' Corner, Hyde Park, and elsewhere in the 1950s and 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="18481436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481436" title="Painted Head">
Painted Head

Painted Head is an album by folk artist Tim Hardin, recorded in England and released in 1972. It was Hardin's last release on Columbia Records.
There are no original songs on "Painted Head". It was re-issued by BGO Records in 2007 on CD.
Reception.
In his review for Allmusic, music critic James Chrispell wrote "This is a much different album for Tim Hardin, but it is much better than most would have thought... While Painted Head isn't that great an album, it shows that Hardin was trying to reel in his excesses and give his career some much-needed discipline."

</doc>
<doc id="18481437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481437" title="Pilgrim Mills">
Pilgrim Mills

Pilgrim Mills is an historic textile mill located at 847 Pleasant Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. The mill was built in 1911 from red brick and was the first mill in the city powered entirely by electric, provided from the local grid. It had a capacity of 53,568 spindles.
In 1945 the factory was acquired by Louis Hand, Inc., which manufactured curtains. It was later known as Aberdeen Manufacturing and most recently as CHF Industries. The plant closed in March 2008.
The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. In May 2011 there was a plan to demolish the mill for residences, but it was rejected. The mill is now occupied by a book warehouse.

</doc>
<doc id="18481451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481451" title="Reed and Barton Complex">
Reed and Barton Complex

Reed and Barton Complex is an historic industrial complex at West Brittania and Danforth Streets in Taunton, Massachusetts.
The site was constructed from 1830 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18481455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481455" title="Leaderfoot Viaduct">
Leaderfoot Viaduct

Leaderfoot Viaduct is a railway viaduct over the River Tweed in the Scottish Borders, Scotland. It is 2.5 km east of Melrose at .
The viaduct was opened on 16 November 1863 to carry the Berwickshire Railway, which connected Reston (on the East Coast Main Line between Berwick-upon-Tweed and Edinburgh) with St Boswells (on the Edinburgh to Carlisle "Waverley Line"), via Duns and Greenlaw. The engineers of the railway were Charles Jopp and Wylie & Peddie.
It stands from the floor of the river valley. The arches, each of span, are of brickwork, and the abutments, piers and walls are of rustic-faced red sandstone. Some later strengthening of the abutments and piers with old rails and buttresses on the southern valley side is very obvious. The railway was severed by flooding during August 1948, after which passenger trains never ran west of Duns. Freight trains continued to run across the viaduct as far as Greenlaw until 19 July 1965. 
The viaduct is in good condition, having been renovated by Historic Scotland between 1992 and 1995. Good views of it can be obtained from Drygrange Bridge and the modern A68 road bridge immediately downriver. There has been talk of including the viaduct in the local footpath network but it is not normally open to the public, although access to the bridge is fairly easy for those who wish to go up.

</doc>
<doc id="18481462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481462" title="Tisdale-Morse House">
Tisdale-Morse House

Tisdale-Morse House is an historic house at 17 Fayette Place in Taunton, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1835 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18481477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481477" title="Civil laws regarding Kashrut">
Civil laws regarding Kashrut

Civil laws regarding Kashrut (Jewish religious standards, mainly concerning food) are found in several countries. Advertising standards laws in many jurisdictions prohibit the use of the phrase "kosher" in a product's labelling, unless it can be shown that the product conforms to Jewish dietary laws; however, the legal qualifications for "conforming" to Jewish dietary laws are often defined differently in different jurisdictions. For example, in some places the law may require that a rabbi certify the "kashrut" nature, in others the rules of "kosher" are fully defined in law, and in others still it is sufficient that the manufacturer only believes that the product complies with Jewish dietary regulations. In several cases, laws restricting the use of the term "kosher" have later been determined to be illegal religious interference.
United States of America.
Historically, the statutes of some states in the USA attempted to define "kosher", and make it a felony to sell a product which was called "kosher" if, in general, it was not processed in accordance with the Jewish religion. However, challenges were made to such laws on the basis that they appear to be establishment of a religious practice by the states in question, which would constitute a violation of the constitutional rule that there should be "no law respecting an establishment of religion". Although earlier courts upheld some of these laws, courts have since determined that the laws would establish religious practice, and therefore struck the laws down; opponents of this decision had attempted to argue that "kashrut" was simply a set of standards for food preparation, and therefore there would be no difference between labelling something as "kashrut" and labelling it as "low sodium", "high-fiber", "pasteurised", "calcium-enriched", or "contains no cholesterol". The legal rulings include:

</doc>
<doc id="18481479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481479" title="Times and Olympia Buildings">
Times and Olympia Buildings

Times and Olympia Buildings is a historic site at 908-912 and 880-898 Purchase Street in New Bedford, Massachusetts. One or both were designed by Nathaniel Cannon Smith.
The buildings were constructed in 1897 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18481490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481490" title="Thompson Street School">
Thompson Street School

Thompson Street School is a historic school at 58 Crapo Street in New Bedford, Massachusetts.
The school was built in 1884 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18481506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481506" title="H. P. Thomas House">
H. P. Thomas House

The H. P. Thomas House is an historic house at 322 Somerset Avenue in Taunton, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1887 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18481507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481507" title="Ramabang">
Ramabang

Ramabang is a 6135 m mountain in the Himalaya, in the Spiti District of Himachal Pradesh, India.
It was first climbed and named in June 2008 by a team of Irish climbers, members of the Irish Mountaineering Club. The first-ascent route was via the south-west ridge, about AD grade.

</doc>
<doc id="18481510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481510" title="Panasonic (cycling team)">
Panasonic (cycling team)

Panasonic was a Dutch professional cycling team. It was formed in 1984 by team manager Peter Post when the TI-Raleigh split up. A few riders followed Jan Raas to the newly formed Kwantum Hallen - Decosol - Yoko, the earliest ancestor of the current Rabobank team. Most of the riders from the Raleigh team stayed with Post and joined Panasonic, sponsored by the Japanese electric products manufacturer.
The team was co-sponsored by Isostar from 1987 to 1989 and Sportlife from 1990 to 1992. The first two years, Raleigh remained the supplier of the material. Some successful riders in this period were non-Dutch: Eric Vanderaerden, Phil Anderson, Viatcheslav Ekimov, Robert Millar, Olaf Ludwig, Jens Heppner, Maurizio Fondriest and Eddy Planckaert.
1984 - Panasonic-Raleigh.
Seven riders from Raleigh joined Panasonic:
Other new riders:
Neo professionals:
1985 - Panasonic-Raleigh.
New riders:
Neo professionals:
1986 - Panasonic-Merckx-Agu.
New riders:
Neo professionals:
Riders left:
1987 - Panasonic-Isostar.
New riders:
Neo professionals:
Riders left:
1988 - Panasonic-Isostar-Colnago-Agu.
New riders:
Neo professionals:
Riders left:
1989 - Panasonic-Isostar-Colnago-Agu.
New riders:
Neo professionals:
Riders left:
1990 - Panasonic-Sportlife.
New riders:
Neo professionals:
Riders left:
1991 - Panasonic-Sportlife.
New riders:
Neo professionals:
Riders left:
1992 - Panasonic-Sportlife.
New riders:
Neo professionals:
Riders left:
After 1993.
to Novemail:
to WordPerfect:
to Naessens:
to Lotus
to Lampre:
to Team Telekom:
Others:

</doc>
<doc id="18481518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481518" title="Lafayette-Durfee House">
Lafayette-Durfee House

Lafayette-Durfee House is a historic house located at 94 Cherry Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. The house was originally located at the site of the current Fall River Superior Courthouse on North Main Street, and owned by Judge Thomas Durfee. While the exact date of its construction is not known, it is estimated to have been built before 1750.
The large property which the house was originally situated on stretched from the shore the Taunton River all the way to North Watuppa Pond. However, Thomas Durfee mortgaged all of his land to help finance the American Revolution. His son Joseph, became a colonel and served with the Marquis de Lafayette at the Battle of White Plains, New York and also in Rhode Island. The Durfees would host Lafayette at their home in the summer of 1778, as well on other occasions.
About 1872 the house was moved to its current location on Cherry Street. It was owned by members of the Lewin family until 1936. 
In 1973, with the help of Caroline Durfee, a descendant of Thomas Durfee, a group was formed to preserve the house. During the United States Bicentennial year of 1976, a time capsule was placed in the base of one of the fireplaces.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. Today, a non-profit group maintains the house and gives tours during the summer months.

</doc>
<doc id="18481530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481530" title="Hotel Waverly (New Bedford, Massachusetts)">
Hotel Waverly (New Bedford, Massachusetts)

Hotel Waverly is a historic hotel at 1162-1166 Acushnet Avenue in New Bedford, Massachusetts.
The hotel was built in 1901 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Completely renovated in 2000, it is now home to low income housing, and known as Talbot Apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="18481540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481540" title="Jane Brereton">
Jane Brereton

Jane Brereton (1685–1740) was an English poet notable as a correspondent to "The Gentleman's Magazine".
Biography.
Jane was the daughter of Mr. Thomas Hughes, of Bryn Gruffydd near Mold, Flintshire by Anne Jones, his wife, and was born in 1685. Unusually for the time, Jane was educated, at least up to the age of 16, when her father died. She showed an early interest in poetry. 
In January 1711, she married Mr. Thomas Brereton, at that time a commoner of Brasenose College, Oxford. Her husband soon spent his fortune, and went over to Paris. Some time after this, a separation having taken place, she retired, 1721, to her native country in Wales, where she led a solitary life, seeing little company, except some intimate friends. About this time Mr. Brereton obtained from Charles Spencer, 3rd Earl of Sunderland a post belonging to the customs at Parkgate, Cheshire, but in February 1722, he was unfortunately drowned in the River Dee at Saltney, when the tide was coming in. Mrs. Brereton then retired to Wrexham for the benefit of her children's education, where she died August 7, 1740, aged fifty-five, leaving two daughters, Lucy and Charlotte. 
Mrs. Brereton possessed talents for versification, if not for poetry, which she displayed for some years as a correspondent to "Ihe Gentleman's Magazine", under the signature of Melissa, where she had a competitor who signed himself FIDO, and who is supposed to have been Thomas Beach. After her death a volume was published of "Poems on several occasions; with letters to her friends; and an account of her life," London, 1744. A number of her poems have been reprinted in subsequent collections.
Katherine Turner, writing in the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography" notes that "Brereton's body of poetry displays a flair for tactful occasional writing, and represents a transitional moment in women's writing in the eighteenth century, a moment at which being a published writer while retaining respectability was becoming a real possibility."

</doc>
<doc id="18481543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481543" title="Maleševo">
Maleševo

Maleševo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18481557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481557" title="John Thorpe (disambiguation)">
John Thorpe (disambiguation)

John Thorpe or Thorp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18481561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481561" title="Fuse Rocks The Garden">
Fuse Rocks The Garden

Fuse Rocks The Garden is an hour-long concert series run by Fuse TV, which contains concert footage of a rock band playing at Madison Square Garden. It was started as of February 20, 2008, with a Foo Fighters concert. The series continued on June 20 with a concert by The Cure. The shows were released only a few hours after the actual concert took place.
Format.
The show is an hour long, starting at 11 PM. The first time the installment of the series is aired, it is commercial-free. However, after that, the show has commercials in between songs. Before the episode is aired for the first time, there will be a commercial for the commercial-free sponsor.
Artists featured.
Foo Fighters
The Cure

</doc>
<doc id="18481585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481585" title="South Eastern University of Sri Lanka">
South Eastern University of Sri Lanka

The South Eastern University of Sri Lanka (, ) (abbreviated SEUSL) is a public university in Oluvil in Sri Lanka. Established in 1995 as a university college, it became a full fledged university in 1996. The university, like all public universities in Sri Lanka, receives the bulk of its funding from the University Grants Commission (UGC), part of the Ministry of Higher Education in Colombo. The UGC and the central government therefore exert a great deal of control over the university.
The university's campus is in Oluvil near Akkaraipattu. It also has faculty in Sammanthurai. The university currently has four faculties (Applied Sciences, Arts & Culture, Islamic Studies & Arabic Language and Management & Commerce). The university offers numerous undergraduate and postgraduate courses which award degrees such as BA, BBA, BCom, BSc and MBA.
The university had 2,237 students and 338 employees in 2010. It is the thirteenth largest university in Sri Lanka in terms of student numbers. In 2009/10 the university admitted 836 undergraduates. The university had a recurrent budget of Rs. 277 million and a capital budget of Rs. 121 million in 2010. Its income in 2010 was Rs. 397 million of which 99% was grant from the government in Colombo.
The chancellor and vice-chancellor of the university are professor Achi. M. Ishaq and Dr. S. M. Mohamed Ismail. The university is a member of the Association of Commonwealth Universities.
History.
Founder of this university is Sri Lanka Muslim Congress Late leader Marhoom M. H. M. Ashraff
South Eastern University College of Sri Lanka.
Gazette no. 88/9 was published on 26 July 1995 establishing the South Eastern University College of Sri Lanka. The new college started functioning in October 1995 at the Government Teachers’ Training College premises in Addalachchenai near Akkaraipattu. The college's first batch of students were transferees from the Eastern University.
South Eastern University of Sri Lanka.
Gazette no. 916/7 was issued on 27 March 1996 promoting the college to a fully fledged university, the South Eastern University of Sri Lanka, with effect from 15 May 1996. The university initially had two faculties (Arts & Culture and Management & Commerce), both based at Addalachchenai. The Faculty of Applied Sciences was established in 1997 with its base in Sammanthurai near Kalmunai. In May 1998 the Faculty of Arts & Culture, Faculty Management & Commerce, main library and all administrative offices moved from Addalachchenai to the newly constructed university park in Oluvil. The Faculty of Islamic Studies & Arabic Language was established in October 2005.
Campus.
The university is based at two sites: Oluvil and Sammanthurai. Three faculties (Arts & Culture, Islamic Studies & Arabic Language and Management & Commerce) are based at Oluvil and one at Sammanthurai (Applied Sciences). 
This university campus is situated in the coastal harbour town of Oluvil in Ampara District with the river Kaliodai by the side of the university.
Organization and administration.
The current chancellor of the university is professor Achi. M. Ishaq. The vice-chancellor is Dr. S. M. Mohamed Ismail. Senior non-academic staff include registrar H. Abdul Saththar, bursar A. Gulam Rasheed and acting librarian M. M. Rifaudeen.
The university has four faculties and a number of other departments/units:
Faculties
Other Departments/Units
Faculty of Applied Sciences.
The Faculty of Applied Science is divided into three departments: Biological Sciences, Mathematical Sciences and Physical Sciences. The current dean is Dr. M. I. S. Safeena.
Faculty of Arts & Culture.
The Faculty of Arts & Culture is divided into two departments: Languages and Social Sciences. The current dean is Mr. Faleelul Haq.
Faculty of Islamic Studies & Arabic Language.
The Faculty of Islamic Studies & Arabic Language is divided into two departments: Arabic Language and Islamic Studies. The current dean is As Sheikh M. Aliyar.
Faculty of Management & Commerce.
The Faculty of Management & Commerce is divided into two departments: Accountancy & Finance and Management. The current dean is Mrs. Sareena UMA Gaffoor.

</doc>
<doc id="18481596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481596" title="Tony O'Donnell (doctor)">
Tony O'Donnell (doctor)

Tony O'Donnell, N.D. (born 1959) is an Irish naturopath certified in neurolinguistic programming. He is also a certified hypnotherapist and nutritionist. O'Donnell is the founder and president of the health and nutrition company G.W. Health LLC.
Early and personal life.
O'Donnell was born into a family of 11 children in Letterkenny, County Donegal, Ireland. His father Joe died from heart disease in 1979 when O'Donnell was 21. Thereafter, he lost four other members of his family to cancer. This included his fiancée, Jill Flanter, who died from ovarian cancer. These experiences motivated O'Donnell to study nutrition and other health related subjects. He moved from Ireland to the United States.
He holds a 2nd degree black belt in Taekwondo and is also a Martial Arts Instructor. He loves to read, to listen to motivational tapes, and to attend seminars and lectures. He currently lives in Malibu, California. He regularly works in soup kitchens in Los Angeles.
Education.
O'Donnell was educated at Saint Eunan's College, Letterkenny. O'Donnell graduated with a B.A. in Engineering from the University College Galway. He studied at the British Homeopathic College in London, England and received 2 degrees, one as a certified herbalist and the other as a naturopath. He is also a certified nutritionist.
Career.
O'Donnell hosted several radio shows while in Ireland. He hosted one weekly show for six years. After moving to the United States, he has been interviewed on a large number of radio stations, as well as on ABC, CBS, and FOX television networks. O'Donnell is the featured Naturopathic Doctor on Channel 3 in Phoenix, a CNN affiliate. He once hosted and produced his own cable TV show on Adelphia Cable.
O'Donnell has been the formulator of vitamin products such as "Radiant Greens". He has written articles on health for many publications and has written several books, including "Greens Are Good For You" 
Honours.
He was honored, in 2001, by the Leukemia Society and Angels on Earth Foundation as their "Man of the Year".

</doc>
<doc id="18481615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481615" title="AEBS">
AEBS

AEBS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18481618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481618" title="Eugène Flandin">
Eugène Flandin

Jean-Baptiste Eugène Napoléon Flandin (b. Naples, 15 August 1809; d. Tours, 29 September 1889), 
French orientalist, painter, archaeologist, and politician. Flandin’s archeological drawings and some of his military paintings are valued more highly by museum authorities than his purely artistic paintings. He is most renowned for his famous drawings and paintings of Persian monuments, landscapes, and social life made during his travels with the architect Pascal Coste during the years 1839-41. Flandin’s observations on the state of Persia and international politics in the mid-19th century also continue to provide important documentary information.
First Trip to Persia.
In 1839, Flandin was, along with Coste, made a laureate of the Institut de France, and they both joined the embassy of the Comte de Sercey to Persia (1839–41). After parting from de Sercey’s mission, they left Isfahan (31 May 1841) with very limited financial means and retinue. They pursued their periplus towards Hamadān, Kangāvar, Bīsotūn, Ḥolwān, etc. They went back to Isfahan and then on to Shiraz and the Persian Gulf (Būšehr), returning to Tehran via Shiraz, Isfahan, and Kāšān. They then traveled to Tabrīz, where disastrous sanitary conditions hampered their return through Trabzon or Tiflis so that they had to take the Tabrīz-Baghdad route through Kurdistan instead. Flandin’s courage during this journey was praised by Coste, who also noted his intrepidity and his violent temper (Notes I, pp. 162 f., 367 f.). Their timetable and work were strictly organized. After Flandin’s return to France, he was awarded the Légion d’honneur.
Archaeological Work.
In March 1843, after fruitless searching for the site of Nineveh, Paul-Émile Botta (1802–70) discovered the Assyrian capital of Dur Sharrukin on the site of modern Khorsabad. Botta mistook the place for the actual site of Nineveh (Assyro-Babylonian cuneiform had not yet been deciphered). In October, Flandin 
was appointed to Botta’s mission by the Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres to draw the excavated remains and inscriptions. He also participated in the excavations which ended in October 1844.
Significance of his writings.
Despite its many predecessors, Flandin’s "Voyage en Perse" remains a model of its kind and an important source, particularly on early Qajar Persia, due to both its text and its illustrations. It provides many precious observations on history, archeology, arts, architecture, geography, social and court life, royal 
and provincial administration, military organization, etc. Itineraries are carefully noted. A table of distances between clearly identified stages is given in “time necessary at the ordinary pace of a horse”.
Endowed with many gifts and professional skills (classical, military, and Orientalist painting; archeological drawing; writing and reporting; military and civil administration), Flandin provides us with very precious observations, accounts, and pictures. There is hardly any illustrated book on Persia, particularly one dealing with the Qajar period, without reproductions of his celebrated paintings of monuments, bazaars, personages and costumes, street scenes, landscapes, etc. All this work, supplemented with precise written observations, was accomplished despite the many hardships endured by Coste and Flandin during their travels. However, Flandin’s pioneering work in archeological drawing was, soon after his Oriental expeditions, superseded by the new art of photography. Daguerreotype and calotype made it possible to prepare pictures, notably of archeological remains, quickly and precisely, although archeological drawing still remains an indispensable complement to research and publication.

</doc>
<doc id="18481619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481619" title="French Congregational Church">
French Congregational Church

The French Congregational Church, known since 1919 as the First Spiritualist Church, is a historic High Victorian Gothic church at 33-37 Bliss Street in Springfield, Massachusetts. The pressed brick church was built in 1887, under the sponsorship of Daniel B. Wesson, to provide a place of worship for French Huguenots employed by Smith and Wesson. With declining membership, the church was sold in 1909 and used for a time to house a variety of Congregationalist congregations. In 1911 it was acquired by the local Spiritualist congregation, who sold it in 2013. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18481635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481635" title="Masonic Temple (Springfield, Massachusetts)">
Masonic Temple (Springfield, Massachusetts)

The Masonic Temple is an historic former Masonic building at 339-341 State Street in Springfield, Massachusetts. The four story Neo-Classical building was built in 1923 to serve as the headquarters of the local Masonic lodge. It occupies a prominent position opposite the Springfield Armory, just outside the downtown area. The building, which is no longer owned by the Masons, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The first Masonic lodge was established in Springfield in 1817. Between then and the early 1920s, Masonic organizations in the city met in a variety of places, including the town hall, and facilities in an insurance company building. The various lodges banded together to build their first dedicated space in 1893 at the corner of State and Main Streets. In the 1920s a fund drive was organized to construct a new facility. The firm of Edward McClintock and Charles Craig, both active Masons, was hired to design the building, which was built by A.E. Stephens beginning in October 1923, and formally dedicated in June 1924.
Unlike the lodge built in 1893 (in which the ground floor contained retail space), the entire building was used for lodge purposes. The main entrance opened into a two-story foyer with marble floors and staircase, and was decorated with Greek Doric columns. The first floor housed two Blue Lodge facilities, one with space for 240 people the other for 450. Each of these rooms had inlaid cork floors and limestone walls, and house a pipe organ. The balance of the first floor included a reception area, and a meeting room for the lodge trustees. A mezzanine area had an office for the blue lodge secretary and a fireproof vault.
The second floor housed a large space devoted to York Rite activities. The large space accommodated 500 people and was, like the first floor chambers, floored in inlaid cork, with limestone walls and a pipe organ. The chamber also had an arcade supported by pillars. Smaller offices and storage rooms line the remainder of this level, and there was again a mezzanine area with more storage. The third floor had the largest space in the building. With a capacity of 1,500, including 300 in a balcony, this chamber was used for Scottish Rite ceremonies, and featured a large and elaborate stage flanked by the pipes of an organ.
On November 10, 1983, the building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was acquired in 2007 by the Archdiocese of New England of the International Communion of the Holy Christian Orthodox Church, which made substantial renovations, converting some of the space into an art gallery, and repurposing others for religious use. The archdiocese had financial difficulties, and the property was sold at a foreclosure auction to its mortgage holder in January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18481636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481636" title="60th meridian west">
60th meridian west

The meridian 60° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Greenland, North America, the Atlantic Ocean, South America, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 60th meridian west forms a great circle with the 120th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 60th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18481638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481638" title="Chromileptes">
Chromileptes

Chromileptes is a genus of fish in the Serranidae family. 
It contains only one species, the humpback grouper ("C. altivelis")

</doc>
<doc id="18481639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481639" title="Thomas Thorpe (disambiguation)">
Thomas Thorpe (disambiguation)

Thomas Thorpe or Thorp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18481641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481641" title="Mechanic Street Cemetery">
Mechanic Street Cemetery

Mechanic Street Cemetery is a historic colonial cemetery on Mechanic Street in Westfield, Massachusetts. The cemetery is the city's oldest, with the oldest documented grave dating to 1683. It was used as a burying ground until the late 19th century, although its use began to decline in the middle of the century, with the advent of the popular rural cemetery movement, which was reflected in Westfield with the establishment of the new Pine Hill Cemetery in 1842. No burials were recorded in the 20th century. Although the cemetery has been subjected to some maintenance work, it continues to suffer the effects fo vandalism and weather. The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18481656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481656" title="South Congregational Church (Springfield, Massachusetts)">
South Congregational Church (Springfield, Massachusetts)

The South Congregational Church is a historic church at 45 Maple Street in Springfield, Massachusetts. The 1875 High Victorian Gothic building was designed by William Appleton Potter for a congregation that was established in 1842, and is still active today. The building is also noted for some prominent donors who funded its construction, notably Daniel B. Wesson (of Smith & Wesson fame), Charles and George Merriam (of Merriam-Webster fame), and Daniel Harris, who owned and capitalized on the Howe truss patent for bridge design.
The church is one of Potter's early works, predating the extensive work he did for the United States government. The church was described in contemporary writing as "a rather bold departure" from normal church design of the period. The church is long and wide, and is made of limestone (quarried in Longmeadow) resting on a granite foundation (quarried in Monson). The rounded apse faces Maple street, and is topped by a conical roof with red banding in the slate roof. The apse has nine windows with Gothic arches shaped of alternating light and dark stone. To its right is a tower, which rises above the main entrance to the building. The tower is richly decorated with arched windows and yellow Ohio sandstone banding. There is a second entrance at the northwest end (the far end of the nave) that was originally similar in styling to the front entrance, but was later enlarged and given more ornate detailing.
The interior was designed, uniquely for the time, to provide unobstructed views of the pulpit area from pews located in the transepts of the building. This gave the interior a sense of resemblance to an amphitheatre. The interior also contains decorations in themes drawn from nature, notably seasonal decorations in the tower entrance.
A parish house was added to the east side of the church in the 1940s. Built of brick, it was faced with limestone that was quarried in Longmeadow at about the same time as that of the church itself. It was recovered from the First Baptist Church prior to its demolition. The church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18481674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481674" title="St. Joseph's Church (Springfield, Massachusetts)">
St. Joseph's Church (Springfield, Massachusetts)

The former St. Joseph's Church was an historic Roman Catholic church at Howard St. and E. Columbus Avenue in Springfield, Massachusetts.
The church was built in 1873 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
In March 2008, the church was demolished by the Colvest Group which had bought it from the Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18481682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481682" title="Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 82 kg">
Wrestling at the 1988 Summer Olympics – Men's freestyle 82 kg

The Men's Freestyle 82 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18481687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481687" title="United States Whip Company Complex">
United States Whip Company Complex

The United States Whip Company Complex or "United States Line Company Complex" is a historic factory located in Westfield, Massachusetts. It was owned and operated by one of the whip-making business that led Westfield to become widely known as "Whip City". The oldest building, #2, in the complex was built sometime before 1884. It is a three story brick building ten bays long and four wide, from which there is a connector a 1.5 story building that fronts on Thomas Street. These buildings were used from at least 1888 until 1928 for the manufacture of whips. After 1928 the building fronting on Elm Street was modified to accommodate retail stores and a theater, to a design by architect Malcolm Harding.
The factory complex was listed individually on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983, and as part of an expanded Westfield Center Historic District in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18481700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481700" title="Vice President of Sudan">
Vice President of Sudan

Vice President of Sudan is the second highest political position obtainable in Sudan. Currently there is a provision for two Vice Presidents, who are appointed by the President of Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="18481708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481708" title="Amherst West Cemetery">
Amherst West Cemetery

Amherst West Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Triangle Street in Amherst, Massachusetts. The cemetery was first laid out in 1730, when the voters of Hadley elected to establish a new burying ground in its eastern precinct. When the area was separated as Amherst in 1786, the property was taken over by the newly established town. In addition to being the burial site of many of Amherst's early settlers, it is also the burial site of members of the Dickinson family, most notably the poet Emily Dickinson. Their family plot is set off from the rest of the cemetery by a wrought iron fence.
The oldest portion of the cemetery is in the southwest, where there are hundreds of older slate gravemarkers. The oldest marked site is dated 1737, although there may well be earlier unmarked burials. Over two dozen carvers have been identified as creators of the colonial-era markers. Markers placed during the Victorian era were made predominantly of limestone and brownstone, which gradually gave way to granite, especially for marking the sites of well-to-do families. A portion in the southeast of the cemetery contains mainly African American burials, with much simpler burial stones and markings than elsewhere in the cemetery.
When first laid out, the cemetery was about , and was laid out very simply. As it grew during the 19th century, lanes were laid out and the property was fenced off. The present figure-eight pattern of lanes was adopted in 1854. The first main gate, the Gaylord Gates on Pleasant Street, was built in 1907, but was replaced in 1954 with the construction of the Burnham Gates on Triangle Street. The older gate is made of simple granite piers, and is normally chained. The Burnham Gates are made of ashlar stone piers, topped with molded cornices and pyramidal capstones.
The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18481716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481716" title="Center Cemetery">
Center Cemetery

Center Cemetery is a historic cemetery on the south side of Sam Hill Road in Worthington, Massachusetts. The cemetery was established c. 1774 (the date of its earliest marker), and continues to be used today. Its burials include many of the founders and early settlers of Worthington, and of families influential in the growth and development of the town. The roughly rectangular plot is set off from its surroundings by a stone wall on three sides, with a line of mature sugar maples just inside the walls, and running along the fourth side. The walls at one time had wooden fencing mounted on them, but this has been removed. Movement within the cemetery is via a turf cart path that skirts its perimeter, just inside the line of trees, and a series of paths laid out in a grid. The oldest stones are in the lowest, westernmost portion of the cemetery. Most of the over 600 stones are marble, with most of the rest made of granite.
The cemetery listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18481717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481717" title="Albert Rose (athlete)">
Albert Rose (athlete)

Albert Edward Rose (November 10, 1901 – March 28, 1961) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Syracuse, New York.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the qualification of the long jump competition and finished ninth overall.

</doc>
<doc id="18481724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481724" title="John Thynne (disambiguation)">
John Thynne (disambiguation)

John Thynne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18481735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481735" title="Boselli Foundation">
Boselli Foundation

The Boselli Foundation is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization based in Jacksonville, Florida. It is intended to provide academic and athletic support for local children, especially those with limited financial resources. Founded in 1995 by Tony Boselli, then a player for the Jacksonville Jaguars National Football League team, and his wife Angi, it is one of the older "celebrity" charitable foundations in the First Coast area and replaces programs started by the now defunct Otis Smith Kids Foundation.
In 1997, Boselli was named the "Jaguars True Value NFL Man of the Year" for his community involvement with the Boselli Foundation. "Helping children become champions at home, school, and in the community" is the focus of all programs provided by The Boselli Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="18481737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481737" title="The Hopkins Review">
The Hopkins Review

"The Hopkins Review" is a quarterly academic journal that publishes fiction, poetry, memoirs, essays on literature, drama, film, the visual arts, music, dance, and reviews of books in all these areas, as well as reviews of performances and exhibits. The original "Hopkins Review" was a literary quarterly published by the Johns Hopkins Writing Seminars from 1947 to 1953. It was brought back in 2008 in a joint venture between the Writing Seminars and the Johns Hopkins University Press. The current editor-in-chief is John Irwin.

</doc>
<doc id="18481741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481741" title="Robert Breuler">
Robert Breuler

Robert Breuler is an American stage actor, primarily known as a longtime ensemble member of the Steppenwolf Theatre Company, in Chicago, Illinois, where he won a Joseph Jefferson Award for his role as a Russian negotiator in "A Walk in the Woods".
Breuler has appeared in 41 shows at Steppenwolf, and has also appeared on Broadway and on screen, most notably in the film version of "The Crucible".

</doc>
<doc id="18481766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481766" title="Grafton Common Historic District">
Grafton Common Historic District

Grafton Common Historic District is a historic district roughly on Worcester, Oak, Millbury, Church, South, Upton, and North Streets in Grafton, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18481778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481778" title="Dave Bartis">
Dave Bartis

David "Dave" Bartis (born Providence, Rhode Island) is an American producer.
Early life.
He is a graduate of McLean High School, located in Mclean, Virginia. Bartis earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in English and American Literature from Brown University. He was an intern at Fox Lorber Associates in 1985.
While at Brown, Bartis co-founded its student cable television station with Doug Liman. With the help of a major grant through Liman's father's connections from the now-defunct CBS Foundation, Dave also co-founded the National Association of College Broadcasters (NACB), the first trade association geared to student-staffed radio and television stations, in 1988. He stayed on to run NACB for a short time after graduation in order to ensure the organization's transition to staff and student volunteers beyond the founders. Thanks to his subsequent professional connections (see Producer section below), Bartis secured Quincy Jones as the keynote speaker for NACB's third annual national conference in November 1990.
Producer.
Bartis was Director of Programming at Quincy Jones Entertainment, involved in launching "The Fresh Prince of Bel Air". He then became Vice President of Creative Affairs at HBO Independent Productions, and then Vice President of Original Programming. In 1993 Bartis joined NBC Studios and in 1997 he was appointed Senior Vice President of Primetime Series, where he oversaw series including "Providence" and "Will & Grace". In 2001 he formed a film and television production company Hypnotic/Dutch Oven, with fellow producer Doug Liman whom he had met at university. Bartis, as part of his company, served as executive producer on "Heist", "The O.C.". In 2003 he produced the series of commercials and short films for Reebok, "". He was executive producer on the 2008 film "Knight Rider" and is also executive producer its current TV series.
In a January 2011 post on his blog, Doug Liman summarized Dave's long-standing business relationship and friendship. 

</doc>
<doc id="18481784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481784" title="Perlamantis allibertii">
Perlamantis allibertii

Perlamantis allibertii is a species of praying mantis in the genus "Perlamantis". It is native to the Iberian Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="18481787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481787" title="Fisherville Historic District">
Fisherville Historic District

Fisherville Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Main, Elmwood, Ferry and Sampson Streets in Grafton, Massachusetts.
The district features Late 19th And 20th Century Revivals. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18481791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481791" title="List of In Plain Sight episodes">
List of In Plain Sight episodes

"In Plain Sight" is a USA Network drama created by David Maples. Starring Mary McCormack, the series follows Mary Shannon, a Deputy United States Marshal who works at the Albuquerque, New Mexico office of the Federal Witness Security Program (WITSEC). The series premiered on Sunday June 1, 2008, and aired its 61st and final episode on May 4, 2012.
Episode list.
Season 3: 2010.
"In Plain Sight's" third season premiere was Wednesday, March 31, 2010 on USA. Lesley Ann Warren, Cristian de la Fuente, and Joshua Malina, appeared as recurring characters. Allison Janney joined the cast in a two-episode story arc as Allison Pearson, the new US Marshal Service regional director.
Originally slated for a 16 episode season, USA Network reduced "In Plain Sight's" episode order to 13 when executive producer and showrunner, John McNamara was forced to take a leave of absence for medical reasons.
Season 4: 2011.
"In Plain Sight" was renewed for a fourth and fifth season by USA Network on July 28, 2010. The fourth season of thirteen episodes began on May 1, 2011. Rachel Boston joined the cast as Det. Abigail Chaffee, Marshall's new girlfriend, and Joshua Malina continued to portray Peter Alpert on a recurring basis. Additional guests included Bradley Whitford, John de Lancie, and Ali Marsh. The season began production in January 2011, and continued until June 2011 in Albuquerque, New Mexico. The season also saw the pregnancy of lead character Mary Shannon, to incorporate the real life pregnancy of star Mary McCormack.
Season 5: 2012.
"In Plain Sight" was renewed for its fourth and fifth seasons simultaneously on July 28, 2010. On August 11, 2011, USA confirmed that season five, with just eight episodes, would be its last. It premiered on March 16, 2012. Rachel Boston (Detective Abigail Chaffee) continues, now as a main cast member; Lesley Ann Warren (Jinx Shannon) and Tangie Ambrose (Delia Parmalee) returned as recurring guest stars, while Nichole Hiltz (Brandi Shannon) is expected to return as well. Ali Marsh made multiple appearances as Dr. Shelly Finkel, a psychiatrist working with the inspectors. Bryan Callen returned to the series in multiple episodes as Mark Stuber, the father of Mary's daughter; Mimi Kennedy appeared in several episodes as Mark's mother, Joanna Stuber. The second episode featured Mädchen Amick as Lisa Ruffino, WITSEC's second-in-command who informs Stan that the Albuquerque division of WITSEC will be shut down. Tia Carrere appeared in several episodes as Lia Hernandez, Stan's dance instructor, and later, a love interest. Stephen Lang appeared in multiple episodes as Mary and Brandi's father, James Wiley Shannon. Josh Hopkins appeared in two episodes as Kenny, another single parent who is a potential love interest for Mary. Cristián de la Fuente reprised his role as Raphael Ramirez in one episode, while Vanessa Evigan appeared as his new wife. Aaron Ashmore and Will McCormack returned in the sixth episode as Scott Griffin and Special Agent Robert O'Connor, respectively. It was announced via Twitter that Geoff Pierson would return to the series as Seth Mann, Marshall's father, who visits Albuquerque to speak with Marshall about Abigail; this appearance also came in the sixth episode.

</doc>
<doc id="18481799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481799" title="Lynn Morris (musician)">
Lynn Morris (musician)

Lynn Morris (born October 8, 1948) is an American bluegrass musician.
Morris was raised in Lamesa, Texas, where she played guitar early in life. While in college she began playing bluegrass music, and began playing banjo while completing a degree in art. She played with bluegrass groups City Limits and Whetstone Run, but found many bluegrass groups resisted women members.
In 1974, she won the National Banjo Championship, the first female to do so. Assembling her own group, the Lynn Morris Band, in 1988, she began recording for Rounder Records. Over time, her bandmates have included husband Marshall Wilborn, mandolinist Jess Brock,singer/guitarist Chris Jones, mandolinist/banjo player Dick Smith, fiddler Tad Marks, banjo/fiddle player Ron Stewart, mandolinist David McLaughlin, banjoist Tom Adams, and fiddler Stuart Duncan. She won several further bluegrass awards in the 1990s.
In 1996 the Lynn Morris Band performed in Scarborough, Ontario, Canada, as part of the Bluegrass Sundays winter concert series organized by the Northern Bluegrass Committee In 2005 the band entertained at the Gettysburg Bluegrass Festival. 

</doc>
<doc id="18481801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481801" title="István Szamosközy">
István Szamosközy

Stefan Zamosius (Szamosközy) (1570–1612) was a Hungarian humanist and historian.
Life.
Szamosközy was born in present day Cluj-Napoca, Romania to a Calvinist family. He completed his studies at Heidelberg and Padova. In 1593 he returned to Hungary and started to work Alba Iulia, Romania for the archive of the Transylvanian court. There he started collecting materials and writing his major work on Hungarian history.
Stephen Bocskay nominated him as the official court historian.
Works.
His unfinished Hungarian history was never published but parts are extant in many manuscript copies. Farkas Bethlen saved longer parts in his Transylvanian history. He designed his work based on the example of Antonio Bonfini's Decades (Tenths). Sándor Szilágyi published Szamosközy's works in four volumes in "Szamosközy történeti maradványai", Budapest 1876–1880.

</doc>
<doc id="18481816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481816" title="Farnumsville Historic District">
Farnumsville Historic District

Farnumsville Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Providence Road, Cross, Main, Harding and Depot Streets and Maple Avenue in Grafton, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18481820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481820" title="1994 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles">
1994 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament – Singles

Anders Järryd was the defending champion, but lost in the first round to Kenneth Carlsen.
Michael Stich won in the final 4–6, 6–3, 6–0, against Wayne Ferreira.

</doc>
<doc id="18481836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481836" title="Paddock Farm">
Paddock Farm

Paddock Farm is a historic farm at 259 Salisbury Street in Holden, Massachusetts.
The farm was built in 1780 and added to the National Historic Register in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18481856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481856" title="Hubbardston Town Common Historic District">
Hubbardston Town Common Historic District

Hubbardston Town Common Historic District is a historic town common district on Main and Brigham Streets in Hubbardston, Massachusetts.
The district was built in 1773 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
The district was named as one of the 1,000 Places to Visit in Massachusetts by the Great Places in Massachusetts Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18481866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481866" title="Felton Street School">
Felton Street School

Felton Street School is a historic school at 20 Felton Street in Hudson, Massachusetts.
The school was built in 1882 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18481871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481871" title="Harahorn">
Harahorn

Harahorn, also written Harahødn, is a mountain located in the Hemsedal municipality in Norway. It is a part of Hemsedal Top 20.

</doc>
<doc id="18481873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481873" title="Individual Learning Account">
Individual Learning Account

The Individual Learning Accounts scheme was announced in the 1997 Labour Party manifesto to support adult education with a system of tax incentives from employers, as well as a cash contribution of £150 to each of a million individuals. The system was biased towards the uptake of information technology skills, following the emergence of the Internet.
Original scheme.
The scheme was announced by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Gordon Brown in the 1999 budget and was launched in 2000 in the form of financial reimburses to educational course providers for the cost of the ILA incentives.
By the time the scheme was abandoned in October 2001, there were 8,500 accredited providers nationwide. The Department for Education and Skills was investigating 279 providers on the basis of substantial evidence of misselling, and police had arrested 30 people.
Prosecutions based on this fraud were still taking place in 2008.
Capita was the contractor that implemented the payment scheme. Following its investigation, the Parliamentary Committee of Public Accounts reported that the total expenditure on the scheme exceeded £290million (£37million paid towards Capita) with fraud and abuse amounting to £97 million.
The fraudulent activity was in the form of obtaining learning account numbers from individuals or of buying them from corrupt providers and simply cashing the credit, knowing that there was virtually no chance that the fact that no education had been delivered would be detected. At the same time, the "students" were made to think they were getting a computer for free. This was generally a 4–5 year-old machine, in which a "study pack" had been installed in order to amount to education providing.
ILA Scotland.
In 2004, the Scottish Executive launched "ILA Scotland", to replace the original ILAs. This new scheme is managed by Learndirect Scotland and the Student Awards Agency for Scotland. This provides up to £200 per year for a variety of courses. ILAs are available for people with an income of £22,000 a year or less, who are not in full-time education or who are receiving benefits. ILAs in Scotland continue to be available, as of 2011.
ILA Wales.
The Welsh Assembly Government launched a replacement ILA scheme in 2003.
The ILA Wales scheme will be closed by 31 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18481881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481881" title="Gay Farm">
Gay Farm

Gay Farm is a historic colonial house located on the north side of Nichewaug Hill in Petersham, Massachusetts. Built in 1740 by William Negus, the house is the oldest remaining in Petersham. Negus' family owned the home until 1819, when Joel Stearns purchased the property. Thomas Howe purchased the home in 1847, and Charles M. and Elizabeth (née Howe) Gay lived in the house for several years, giving it its current name.
The farm was added to the National Historic Register in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18481891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481891" title="Peter Handyside">
Peter Handyside

Peter David Handyside (born 31 July 1974) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a defender from 1992 until 2007.
Despite being Scottish, Handyside played his entire career in England, having initially came through the youth ranks at Heston Rovers he was scouted by Grimsby Town who signed him as a junior before promoting him to the first team in 1992. Handyside went on to make over 200 appearances for Grimsby in all competitions and was in the team that won the Football League Second Division play-offs and Football League Trophy during the 1997–98 season. In 2001 after nine years at Blundell Park, Handyside joined Stoke City who he went on to captain and eventually earning promotion out of the Second Division like he had previously done at Grimsby. In 2003 he signed with Barnsley where he remained for a year before dropping into non-league football with Northwich Victoria. In 2006 he signed with Hucknall Town before retiring at the end of the 2006–07 season at the age of 33.
Career.
Handyside was a product of the youth system at Heston Rovers a local side from his home town of Dumfries. He also had a spell on the books of the youth team of Queen of the South including playing in a BP Youth Cup second round tie against Celtic on 31 October 1990.
Grimsby Town.
Handyside was trialed by Grimsby Town and was signed by the club's youth team in 1990. He took his step up into the first team in 1992 and was eventually the club's long term replacement for veteran centre back Paul Futcher and made an excellent pairing with Mark Lever. Handyside's maturity grew and he became an integral part of Grimsby's defensive setup, and along with Lever, John McDermott, Tony Gallimore, Graham Rodger, Kevin Jobling and Richard Smith was part of arguably Grimsby's best ever defence. The 1997–1998 Handyside continued to be the nucleus of Town's strong defence that helped achieve a promotion to back to the First Division via the play-offs, and victory in the Football League Trophy. He bowed out at Grimsby after the 2000–01 season. An injury troubled campaign, he was often replaced by loan signing Zhang Enhua. At the end of the season, he rejected the chance to stay on with Grimsby and moved to Second Division Stoke City.
Stoke City.
Handyside joined Stoke City in the summer of 2001 on a free-transfer and was made club captain. He played in 41 matches in 2001–02 including the 2002 Football League Second Division play-off Final which saw Stoke beat Brentford to gain promotion. He missed only three matches in 2002–03 as Stoke narrowly avoided relegation and at the end of the campaign he was released by Tony Pulis.
Barnsley.
In 2003 he made a move to Barnsley but after a season hit with fitness and injury problems he departed Oakwell at the end of the 2003–04 season.
Northwich Victoria.
His next port of call was to make a move to Conference club Northwich Victoria where he captained the Vics for two seasons before being released.
Hucknall Town.
Hucknall Town signed Handyside for the 2006–07 campaign. He remained at the club for one year before leaving the club on a free transfer. Handyside has played alongside his fellow Grimsby promotion winning team mate Tony Gallimore at four different clubs: Grimsby, Barnsley, Northwich Victoria and Hucknall; the only team at which Peter has not played with Tony is Stoke City, ironically Gallimore's first senior club.
Personal life.
Since retiring from professional football Handyside has worked as a delivery driver for Gilberts Furniture on the Fenton Industrial Estate in Stoke on Trent.

</doc>
<doc id="18481894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481894" title="Elro (cycling team)">
Elro (cycling team)

Elro Snacks sponsored a Dutch professional cycling team from 1981 until 1985, and again from 1990 until 1994. In 1985 Belgian topsprinter Freddy Maertens rode for the team then known as Nikon-Van Schilt-Elro Snacks-Colnago, if only for three months.

</doc>
<doc id="18481895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481895" title="East Princeton Village Historic District">
East Princeton Village Historic District

East Princeton Village Historic District is a historic district roughly on Main Street and Leominster Road in Princeton, Massachusetts.
The district was founded in 1781 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18481897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481897" title="Vorona River">
Vorona River

Vorona River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18481904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481904" title="You are a Supermodel (cycle 4)">
You are a Supermodel (cycle 4)

You are a Supermodel, Cycle 4 () was the fourth and final Cycle of the Russian reality show on the STS TV channel, a competition of non-professional aspiring models for a contract with the international model agency Point Models and a prize of 250.000 US dollars. The host was presenter Svetlana Bondarchuk (Светлана Бондарчук), the wife of Fyodor Bondarchuk who presented the first two Cycles of the series.
In each episode the 13 chosen finalists, who lived in a house together in Moscow, faced different competitions in modeling, sports and entertainment with an elimination round at the end of each episode where one of them was sent home. This cycle did not have a double elimination in its entire Series. At the end of the journey, 18 year old Tatiana Krohina from Krasnodar became the winner of the title "Supermodel 2008".
Episode summaries.
Episode 12.
Back in Moscow the three finalists faced the judging panel for the very last time. The jury considered the final photoshoot and their walks on the runway. However their entire performances during the competition where also evaluated and made Tatiana Krohina the winner, whom according to the judges made the biggest progress during the show.
Contestants.
"(ages stated are at time of contest)"
Judges.
Although Bondarchuk being the only permanent judge on the Show, there are some judges that have appeared three times or more often during the show and can be considered as the "main judges":

</doc>
<doc id="18481932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481932" title="Tzahi Ilos">
Tzahi Ilos

Tzahi Ilos (born August 13, 1978 in Hadera, Israel) is a retired footballer. Ilos is the current captain of the Israel national beach soccer team and he also was the coach of the national side.
Career.
Ilos started his career in Maccabi Haifa as a youth player but never played in the senior team. He moved to Hapoel Haifa in the Old Liga Leumit but never managed to fulfill his potential and went to play in small teams in the lower levels of the Israeli football league system, teams like: Hakoah Ramat Gan, Hapoel Hadera, Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona. After 3 years in the lower levels he got signed by Maccabi Netanya and returned to the top division of Israel. His time in the team turned out to be the highlight of his career and after a year and a half in Maccabi Netanya he returned to Hapoel Haifa and after one season in Hapoel Haifa he returned to play in the lower levels in Israel.
In the summer of 2007 Ilos became the biggest name in the Israel Beach Soccer League and also got to be the captain of the Israel national beach soccer team. After the success in Beach Soccer Ilos had an unsuccessful trial with the top Czech football club Sparta Prague.
Honors.
Team.
With the Israel national beach soccer team:

</doc>
<doc id="18481934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481934" title="William Penhall">
William Penhall

William Penhall (27 October 1858 – 3 August 1882) was an English mountaineer.
Life and family.
The son of Dr John Penhall MRCS LSA (born 1833 at St Pancras, Middlesex, in 1871 a general practitioner in Hastings, Sussex), Penhall was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated BA in 1881. At the time of the 1881 census, he was enumerated at Trinity, giving his place of birth as Hastings, Sussex, and his occupation as "No Occ."
Alpinism.
First ascents.
Penhall made the first ascent of a number of peaks and routes in the Alps during the silver age of alpinism.
Together with Martin Conway, G. S. Scriven and guides Ferdinand Imseng and Peter and M. Truffer he made the first ascent (in two and a half hours) of the west face of the Zinalrothorn in August 1878. With Albert Frederick Mummery and guides Alexander Burgener and Ferdinand Imseng he made the first ascent of the Dürrenhorn on 7 September 1879.
Penhall was involved in a race with Mummery to be the first to climb the Zmutt ridge of the Matterhorn, a race which Mummery eventually won. According to Penhall, his interest in finding a new way up the mountain had been kindled by Edward Whymper's account of the successful first ascent in 1865 in "Scrambles amongst the Alps". As Mummery and Burgener approached the mountain to attempt the ridge they met Penhall, and guides Ferdinand Imseng and Louis Zurbrücken, who had retreated from the mountain after a bad-weather bivouac on the ridge. After a brief rest in Zermatt, Penhall returned to the Matterhorn, making the first ascent of the its west face on 3 September 1879, a harder climb than the Zmutt ridge; his party reached the summit one hour after Mummery's. Penhall wrote an account of the west face climb in the Alpine Journal entitled 'The Matterhorn from the Zmutt Glacier'. The Penhall Couloir on the west face is named after him.
Death.
Penhall and Meiringen guide Andreas Maurer were killed by an avalanche high up on the Wetterhorn on 3 August 1882. Penhall and Maurer share a double gravestone in the Grindelwald cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18481936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481936" title="Star Bestsellers">
Star Bestsellers

Star Bestsellers is an Indian television series that was originally telecast on Star Plus in 1999–2000. Each episode in the series is a separate story written and directed by young and upcoming writer-directors and it carried the special intensity for a different feeling but all about proper human condition and indicating that each person has something great at heart (love, affection etc.). 
Writers and directors who worked in creating the episodes of the series include Anurag Kashyap, Tigmanshu Dhulia, Imtiaz Ali, Sriram Raghavan and Hansal Mehta.
Episode List (incomplete).
Season 1
Others

</doc>
<doc id="18481938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481938" title="Curia Julia">
Curia Julia

Curia Julia (, ) is the third named Curia, or Senate House, in the ancient city of Rome. It was built in 44 BC when Julius Caesar replaced Faustus Cornelius Sulla’s reconstructed Curia Cornelia, which itself had replaced the Curia Hostilia. Caesar did this in order to redesign both spaces within the Comitium and Forum Romanum. The alterations within the Comitium reduced the prominence of the senate and cleared the original space. The work, however, was interrupted by Caesar's assassination at the Theatre of Pompey where the Senate had been meeting temporarily while the work was completed. The project was eventually finished by Caesar’s successor Augustus in 29 BC.
The Curia Julia is one of only a handful of Roman structures to survive to the modern day mostly intact, due to its conversion into the basilica of Sant'Adriano al Foro in the 7th century and several later restorations. However the roof, together with the upper elevations of the side walls and rear façade, are modern. These parts date from the remodelling of the deconsecrated church in the 1930's.
History.
There were many curiae during the history of the Roman civilization. Many of them existed at the same time. Curia simply means "Meeting House". While the senate met regularly at the curia within the comitium space, there were many other structures designed for them to meet when the need occurred, such as meeting with someone who was not allowed to enter the sanctified curias of the Senate.
The Curia Julia is the third named curia within the comitium. Each structure was rebuilt a number of times, but originated from a single Etruscan temple built to honor the truce of the Sabine conflict. When this original temple was destroyed Tullus Hostilius rebuilt it and gave it his name. This lasted for a few hundred years until fire again destroyed the curia and the new structure was dedicated to its financial benefactor, Cornelius Sulla. In fact, the structure in the forum today is the second incarnation of Caesar's curia. From 81 to 96 the Curia Julia was restored under Domitian. In 283, this Curia was heavily damaged by a fire, at the time of emperor Carinus. From 284 to 305, the Curia was then rebuilt by Diocletian. It is the remnants of Diocletian's building that stands today. In 412, the Curia was restored again, this time by Urban Prefect Annius Eucharius Epiphanius.
On July 10, 1923 the Italian government acquired the Curia Julia and the adjacent convent of the Church of S. Adriano from the Collegio di Spagna for approximately 16,000 Lire.
Description.
The exterior of the Curia Julia features brick-faced concrete with a huge buttress at each angle. The lower part of the front wall was decorated with slabs of marble. The upper part was covered with stucco imitation of white marble blocks. A single flight of steps leads up the bronze doors. The current bronze doors are modern replicas; the original bronze doors were transferred to the Basilica of St. John Lateran by Pope Alexander VII in 1660.
Interestingly enough, a coin was found within the doors during their transfer. This coin allowed Archaeologists to date repairs made to the Senate House and the addition of the bronze doors to the reign of the Emperor Domitian AD 81-96. The original appearance of the Senate House is known from an Augustan/Octavian denarius of 28BC which shows the veranda held up by columns on the front wall of the building
The interior of the Curia Julia is fairly austere. The hall is 25.20 meters long by 17.61 meters wide. There are three broad steps that could have fitted five rows of chairs, or a total of about three hundred senators. The walls are stripped, but originally were veneered in marble two-thirds of the way up. The two main features of the interior of the Curia Julia are its “Altar of Victory” and its striking floor.
At the far end of the Curia’s hall could be found the “Altar of Victory”. It consisted of a statue of Victoria, the personification of victory, standing on a globe, extending a wreath. This altar was placed in the Curia by Augustus to celebrate Rome’s military prowess, and more specifically his own victory at the Battle of Actium in 31 BC. The altar was removed in the 4th century as part of a general backlash against the pagan traditions of ancient Rome.
The other main feature of the Curia’s interior, the floor, is in contrast to the building's colorless exterior. Featured on the floor is the Roman art technique of opus sectile, in which materials are cut and inlaid into walls and floors in order to make pictures of patterns. It is described by Claridge as “stylized rosettes in squares alternate with opposed pairs of entwined cornucopias in rectangles, all worked in green and red porphyry on backgrounds of Numidian yellow Phrygian purple”.
Significance.
In his Res Gestae, Augustus writes of the project: “I built the Senate House... with the power of the state entirely in my hands by universal consent, I extinguished the flames of civil wars, and then relinquished my control, transferring the Republic back to the authority of the Senate and the Roman people. For this service I was named Augustus by a decree of the Senate”. In fact, this relinquishment of power was truer in word than in deed; the construction of the Curia Julia coincided with the end of Republican Rome. 
In the past, the Curia Hostilia and Comitium “were oriented by the cardinal points of the compass, which may have marked them out as specially augurated space and at any rate set them off obliquely from the Forum rectangle that formed over the centuries”. Breaking with tradition, the Curia Julia was reoriented by Julius Caesar “on more ‘rational’ lines, squaring it up with the rectangular lines of the Forum and even more closely with his new forum, to which the new Senate House formed an architectural appendage more in keeping with the Senate’s increasing subordination”. The reduced power of the Roman Senate during the Imperial Period is reflected by the Curia Julia’s less prominent location and orientation. That is not to say that the two buildings are without similarities. Both the Curia Hostilia’s Tabula Valeria and the Curia Julia’s altar of Victory in the Curia Julia, attest to the enduring preeminence of Rome’s military, despite the changing role of the Senate.

</doc>
<doc id="18481942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481942" title="Kirsty Gray">
Kirsty Gray

Kirsty Gray was the chairman of the World Board of the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts from 2003 to 2005. Gray is a qualified chartered accountant. In 2005 she became the Head of Monitoring and Investigation for the Office of the Scottish Charity Regulator.
Gray made a special World Board pin which she gave to her successor, Elspeth Henderson, at the 32nd World Conference in Jordan. Henderson, in her turn, passed the pin to her successor at the closing ceremony of the 33rd World Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="18481960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481960" title="Dalip Singh (athlete)">
Dalip Singh (athlete)

Dalip Singh Grewal (born April 27, 1899, date of death unknown) was an Indian track and field athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
He was born in Dolon Kalan, Punjab as Sikh and was the father of Balkrishan Singh. In 1924 he was eliminated in the qualification of the long jump competition and finished 14th overall. Four years later he finished 36th in the long jump event at the 1928 Olympics.
To the late Brigadier Dalip Singh Grewal goes the credit of being the first Sikh to represent India in the Olympics. The 1924 Olympic Games were held in Paris in which India sent a contingent of seven athletes. In this seven-man squad, two Sikhs, Dalip and Palam made their debut.
The Sikh had missed the bus only four years ago when six Indian athletes had participated in the 1920 Antwerp Olympics. Dalip Singh could not have made to the Paris Olympics Games but for the patronage and help coming in from the late Maharajadhiraj Bhupinder Singh of Patiala. It may be recalled that Dalip Singh besides being a fine athlete was a good hockey player also. When the trails were to be held at Lahore (now in Pakistan) for the Paris Olympics, Dalip Singh was scheduled to play for Patiala Tigers, a hockey team. It was here that the Maharaja of Patiala came to recognise his worth and helped him take a well-deserved place in the seven -man athletic team. It is true that the team then did not bring home any laurels, but it is on record that two among the Indian athletic performed really well, and one of them was Dalip Singh. In the long jump event, he narrowly missed a mark which could have earned him a place among the first six.
Another honour which went to Dalip Singh was that he was the first Indian, a Sikh, to be the torch-bearer at the inaugural Asian Games at Delhi in 1951.
Born at Dolon Kalan village district Ludhiana, Dalip Singh had his schooling in Mission School, that he joined Forman Christian College and Law College, Lahore. Even at School he showed potential of a good sportsman, nay all-rounder. In fact, he emerged as a fine athlete, showing great skill in 100,200,440 yards, 120 yards hurdles and long jump during the university days. He played hockey and cricket too.
But he got the real breakthrough when he was selected to represent India in the 1924 Paris Olympics. He was the captain of the Indian athletic team.
In fact, Dalip Singh can be described as a very distinguished man, In World War II, Dalip served the Patiala Infantry. He had joined the Patiala army in 1924. For his services, he was awarded M.B.E ( Medal for British Empire).

</doc>
<doc id="18481961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481961" title="Aniano A. Desierto">
Aniano A. Desierto

Aniano Aguilar Desierto is a former Ombudsman of the Republic of the Philippines from 1995-2002. He headed the Ombudsman Office which investigates all government officials who defy the law of conduct. He assumed the Office of the Philippine Ombudsman on August 4, 1995 as the second person to head the post.
Personal life.
Desierto was born on April 25, 1935 in Cebu City. He received his secondary education at the University of San Carlos (USC) in Cebu City, where he also obtained an Associate in Arts. He later obtained Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Law degrees at the University of the Philippines, Diliman in 1957, and was admitted to the Philippine Bar in 1958. Desierto also took up General Management and Marketing Courses at the Ateneo de Manila University and a master’s degree at the Philippine Christian University.
Desierto was once the Provincial Division Manager of the Manila Broadcasting Company and of the Metropolitan Broadcasting Company. He is married to Commissioner Teresita A. Desierto.
Career.
From 1961 to 1974, Desierto was engaged in private law practice in Cebu and Manila. He started his career in the government service when he was appointed as Judge Advocate, Office of the AFP Judge Advocate General in 1974. In 1988, he was appointed Deputy Judge Advocate General. He later served as The Special Prosecutor of the Prosecution Bureau of the Office of the Ombudsman from April 1, 1991 to August 3, 1995.
On August 4, 1995, he was appointed Ombudsman by then President Fidel V. Ramos. He served until he retired, or "finish(ed) my term" as he stated it, in August 2002. He was criticized by some for not aggressively investigating and prosecuting cases of corruption. After he left office, he unsuccessfully sought a slot on the country's Supreme Court.

</doc>
<doc id="18481964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481964" title="Sweet and Low (Augustana song)">
Sweet and Low (Augustana song)

"Sweet and Low" is a song by rock band Augustana. It is the first single from Augustana's 2008 album, "Can't Love, Can't Hurt".

</doc>
<doc id="18481965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481965" title="Angelo Farrugia">
Angelo Farrugia

Angelo "Anġlu" Farrugia (born 29 December 1955) is a Maltese politician who is currently the Speaker of the House of Representatives of Malta. Previously he served Deputy Leader of the Labour Party, a Member of Parliament and Shadow Minister for work, workers' rights and parliamentary affairs.
Family.
Farrugia was born in Mosta and is married to Carmen née Zammit and they have a daughter, Caroline, also a lawyer.
Political life.
Prior to entering politics, Farrugia had served from 1977 to 1996 as a police officer reaching the rank of Superintendent. In 1987 Farrugia enrolled in the law course at the University of Malta, eventually obtaining the degrees of LL.D. and M.Jur. (magna cum laude).
He was first elected to Parliament in 1996, and subsequently elected again in 1998, 2003 and 2008. He served on the House Committee of the Consideration of Bills as Chairman (1996–98) and as member (since 1998). Between 1998 and 2008 Farrugia served as Shadow Minister for Justice and in 2008 was elected Labour's Deputy Leader of Parliamentary Affairs. He was also appointed Opposition Spokesperson for Employment and Workers' Rights in the same year.
Farrugia resigned as Deputy Leader in 2012 following comments he had made about a member of the judiciary. Farrugia subsequently announced his decision to not stand for the general election in 2013.
In April 2013 he was nominated as Speaker of the House of Representatives, succeeding Michael Frendo.
Activities in international organisations.
Farrugia was appointed as Head of Malta's Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) Parliamentary Assembly delegation in 1996. 
He has since served on a number of EU and OSCE missions as an international observer for various elections, including Georgia (1999), the Presidential Election in Palestinian Authority (2004), the 2004 US Presidential Election, the Montenegrin independence referendum (2006) and the Presidential and Parliamentary Elections in Zambia 2006. 
He is also a member of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly's Standing Committee on Human Rights.

</doc>
<doc id="18481973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481973" title="List of defunct Idaho sports teams">
List of defunct Idaho sports teams

This is a list of former sports teams from the US state of Idaho:
Baseball.
Minor League.
Pioneer Baseball League.
A

</doc>
<doc id="18481983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481983" title="James Tyrrell (disambiguation)">
James Tyrrell (disambiguation)

James Tyrrell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18481997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18481997" title="Cycling Team De Rijke-Shanks">
Cycling Team De Rijke-Shanks

Cycling Team De Rijke-Shanks is a Dutch professional cycling team. In 2008 it holds a Continental license. The team started in 2003. Among the riders that first year were current professional cyclists Rick Flens and Martijn Maaskant. In 2004, Tom Leezer and Sebastiaan Langeveld. Floris Goesinnen also rode for Van Vliet.
Johnny Hoogerland, Bram Schmitz and Joost van Leijen are the most successful riders in the team history.
In 2008, Ronan van Zandbeek became Dutch road champion with the espoirs.
In 2010 the team is sponsored by Focus Bikes.
2013 team.
As of 13 January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18482015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482015" title="F. A. Whitney Carriage Company Complex Historic District">
F. A. Whitney Carriage Company Complex Historic District

F. A. Whitney Carriage Company Complex Historic District is a historic district off 124 Water Street in Leominster, Massachusetts.
The company was founded in 1872 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18482016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482016" title="Roman Procurator coinage">
Roman Procurator coinage

Roman Procurator coinage were coins issued by the Roman Procurators and Prefects of the province of Judea between 6 - 66 AD. They minted only one denomination and size, the bronze prutah.
Not all of the Procurators issued coinage. Those that did were Coponius, Marcus Ambivulus, Valerius Gratus, Pontius Pilate, Antonius Felix and Porcius Festus, who between them issued a total of 19 different coins. The last three Procurators Lucceius Albinus, Gessius Florus and Marcus Antonius Julianus didn't issue any coins as the tidings of the First Jewish-Roman War was in the air and the leaders of the revolt started issuing their own coins.
Coponius.
Coponius was the first Roman Prefect of Judaea, being appointed in 6 AD when Herod Archelaus, the son of Herod the Great, was deposed and banished to Gaul by Augustus. Coponius depicted the palm tree bearing two bunches of dates on his coinage, which previously had appeared only on extremely rare coins of Herod Antipas. The palm tree design was later used to represent Judaea on coins issued by the Jews during the First and Second Revolts, as well as later Roman-issued Judaean-related pieces.
The obverse of Coponius's coins show an ear of barley. The representation of palm trees and barley was done out of sensitivity to Jewish belief not to depict a living creature, and especially not a human being, on their coinage; hence, there is no portrait of the Emperor Augustus on these coins. However, the inscriptions on the coins clearly proclaim that Judaea was occupied by Imperial Rome; hence, the Greek letters surrounding the barley read: ["of Caesar" with the date, also in Greek letters, under the palm.
Marcus Ambivulus.
Marcus Ambivulus was the Prefect of Judaea from 9 - 12 AD. He issued a coin for each of the three years of his rule. Like those issued by Coponius, the coins of Ambivulus depicted a palm tree bearing two bunches of dates and an ear of barley.
Valerius Gratus.
Valerius Gratus was Prefect of Judaea under the Emperor Tiberius. Gratus issued several different types of coins in as many years. The symbols represented on his coins included palm branches, lilies, cornucopia, grape leaves and amphorae. His coins showed Caesar’s title within a wreath, and the Emperor’s name 'TIB' or his mother, Julia (IOYLIA), and the year of his reign above two cornucopiae.
Pontius Pilate.
The bronze coins (or 'prutah') issued by Pontius Pilate between 26 - 36 AD are of especial interest to Christians and Jews because of his connection with Jesus Christ and his involvement in Jewish history. The evidence of his coinage and the Pilate inscription found at Caesarea seems to reveal that Pontius Pilate as Prefect was determined to promote a form of the Roman religion in Judaea regardless of whether this was offensive to the Jews. Unlike those of his predecessors, the coinage issued by Pilate depicts Roman symbolism connected with the imperial cult such as the simpulum and lituus. However, it has been argued that if Pilate was deliberately trying to offend the Jews he would have put the head of the Emperor on the obverse of his coinage. Instead, he depicted three ears of barley. A third type showed crossed palm branches and a wreathed inscription.
The lituus was the wand of an augur, and was used to interpret natural phenomenon such as lightning flashes, the flight of birds, etc. The simpulum was a ladle used to make libations during sacrifices and was a common symbol of the Roman priesthood. These symbols were guaranteed to offend Jewish religious sensibilities being placed on coinage that they would have to handle on a daily basis.
According to the Caesarea inscription, Pilate dedicated a Tiberieum to the deified Augustus. Philo wrote that Pilate was "...inflexible, merciless and obstinate...(and did not) wish to do anything that would please his subjects." Josephus stated that Pilate set up shields, also associated with the Roman imperial cult, in honour of Tiberius in the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem, which also caused great offence to the Jews, who protested until they were removed.
Antonius Felix.
Felix was Procurator of Judaea under Claudius. His coins bear the names of Claudius, Julia Agrippina, Nero (as 'Caesar'), and Britannicus. The obverse of his coins show two shields and two spears crossed, while the reverse shows a six-branched palm tree bearing two bunches of dates. The depiction of military arms on these coins would have been a constant reminder to the Jews that handled them that they were under the jurisdiction of Rome.
Porcius Festus.
Procurator under Nero, only one known coin type was issued by Festus, the obverse of which features a palm branch and the Greek legend KAICAPO (Caesar), and the reverse NEPWNOC (Nero) in a wreath.

</doc>
<doc id="18482025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482025" title="Nagavalli (film)">
Nagavalli (film)

Nagavalli is a 2010 Telugu horror and drama film directed by P. Vasu and produced by Bellamkonda Suresh. It is a remake of the Kannada movie "Aptharakshaka" and a sequel to the 2004 Kannada film "Apthamithra" and its remake, the 2005 Tamil film "Chandramukhi" both directed by Vasu, which was dubbed and released in Telugu, which itself is a remake of the 1993 Malayalam film "Manichitrathazhu". The film Nagavalli starred Daggubati Venkatesh, Anushka Shetty, Richa Gangopadhyay, Shraddha Das, Poonam Kaur, and Kamalinee Mukherjee and Jyothika(cameo). The movie was dubbed in Hindi as Mera Badla. It was released on 16 December 2010 to positive reviews.
Synopsis.
Nagavalli is a supernatural thriller; its story revolves around characters living in a house in Tirupati. After a family member receives a Nagavalli portrait as a prize in the Nagavalli Dance competition, various characters start having abnormal experiences. In order to save themselves and unfold the mystery, the family looks to Ramachandra Siddhanthi and Dr. Vijay.
The story starts off with an ancient painting of Chandramukhi alias Nagavalli (Anushka Shetty), distributed as a prize to bharathanatyam dancer Gayathri (Kamalinee Mukherjee), her husband and her family. Gayathri lives in a palatial house in Tirupathi with her husband, father Shankar Rao (Sharat Babu), mother Parvathi (Prabha), sisters Geetha (Shraddha Das) and Gowri (Richa Gangopadhyay), maternal uncle Appa Rao(Dharmavarapu Subramanyam), his wife and maternal cousins Pooja(Poonam Kaur) and Hema(Suja) happily.
Few years later, Gayathri and her Husband are shown to be dead. However, at the Engagement day of Gowri,youngest of the three sisters of Gayathri,one of her friends had fainted by encountering a huge thirty-feet Snake/Serpent, and the bridegroom/fiancé had ran away from the family house fearing of something. All strange incidents happen as the family called for a snake charmer to the house, but the snake charmer had died when he attempted to make the serpent appear. The members of the family are psychologically affected by the presence of Chandramukhi's painting and things have not been going well in the house.
They decided to contact Acharya Ramchandra Siddhanthi (Avinash), an astrologer cum sage. The father of the three daughters had told the people and the Acharya that Gayathri and her husband died suddenly after the bharathanatyam competition. The Acharya takes the help of Dr Vijay (Venkatesh), a psychiatrist, to solve the problem. All directions point to the huge portrait of Chandramukhi, and is observed that the portrait is the cause for this. So the father had warned everyone to not go to the outhouse or to the room where Chandramukhi's painting is. At first both Achrya and Dr. Vijay suspects Geetha due to her strange behaviour. One night, Dr. Vijay goes to the outhouse as he heard anklet sounds, and there was another smaller portrait of Chandramukhi in the outhouse and the Doctor wondered how this portrait of Chandramukhi had come here, and it was revealed that Gayathri is still alive, but became mad after the truck accident in which her husband died while he was carrying the painting of Chandramukhi, and that she said that no one accepted to marry the second daughter Geetha because Gayathri was mad and so Geetha vowed that she wouldn't marry, and since they didn't want Gowri's situation to be like this, they lied saying Gayathri was dead. In a few occasions, someone attempted to murder the Acharya twice. Suspecting Gayathri, the acharya asks the family members to bring Gayathri to the temple and that he will show everyone that Chanramukhi is in Gayathri's body, but as Gayathri stepped the temple, all animals were running out of the temple.
Suspecting each and every person in the family, Dr. Vijay starts to investigate everything so he goes to the library to read a book based on Raja Sri Sri Sri Nagabhairava Rajshekhara 's life and further information on Nagavalli too. The investigation also takes back to around 125 years when Raja Sri Sri Sri Nagabhairava Rajshekhara (Venkatesh) used to live and how his enmity with Chandramukhi has been going on since centuries, and was revealed that he had attempted to escape as one of his men had spread a dirty rumour about him, which caused the whole Dominion and the people to go and slaughter and assassinate him... but the book didn't tell if he got assassinated, or if he really committed suicide or if he is alive. Dr. Vijay finishes reading the book and whilst signing the ledger, he reads the name above him: Chandramukhi... and he understands that she had read the book before he had. To further investigate about Chandramukhi, Dr. Vijay goes to Chandramukhi's place and an old man told the Doctor that Chandramukhi's family died back at around a hundred years and told him that he was the second person to enquire about Chandramukhi's family, and as the Doctor asked who that person was, the old man told him that a girl came and inquired about Chandramukhi, and he also says that she was fine whilst asking the questions, but when she returned from Chandramukhi's place, she was holding a portrait of Chandramukhi and ran away like a mad girl, so the Doctor goes to Chandramukhi's house and realizes and understands that the portrait in the outhouse was the portrait of Chandramukhi which had been taken, as he glanced at an empty wall with a rectangular marking outline.
Dr. Vijay also investigates about Gayathri's husband's death and the snake charmer's death, and he comes with information that the snake charmer's death and Gayathri's husband's death had nothing to do with Chandramukhi. Dr. Vijay reveals that Sri Sri Sri Nagabhairava Rajshekhara is still alive when he printed out an astrological profile of his and when the Acharya told Dr. Vijay that this person can still be alive. So Dr. Vijay goes to the Fort/Cage where the crumpled Raja is, and at the time, the Acharya performs a pooja to try to bring Chandramukhi out of Gayathri's body. The Doctor luckily escapes from the invincible Raja, and when the Acharya asks for Gayathri's name, she says her name as Chandramukhi Gayathri, but is revealed that she is still mad, but not affected by Chandramukhi. Dr. Vijay comes back to cure Gayathri from her madness, and he succeeds, but the problem of Chandramukhi is not finished yet, and he knows who is affected by Nagavalli. Later the Doctor reveals to everyone that Gowri is affected by Chandramukhi as he makes her angry and change personality from Gowri to Chandramukhi in front of everyone, then she swoons after she returns to her normal position. Then later, he explains to everyone that Gowri had written both the names while she signed the ledger: Gowri in English when she was borrowing the book, Chandramukhi in Tamil when she was returning the book, and that it was also her who scared the bridegroom away on the Engagement day and sat downstairs like as if she didn't know anything. In order to know more about Chandramukhi's lover Gunashekharan, she went to Chandramukhi's house as Gowri, and returned with Chandramukhi's photo, completely as Chandramukhi.
Afterwards Gowri goes to the cage/fort where Nagabhairava Rajshekhara is, to kill him. Dr. Vijay, knowing Gowri would have definitely seek revenge goes to the cage/fort where the Raja almost gets burnt to death, but he survives when it starts to rain, then Dr. Vijay has a battle with him, and the Raja almosts decapitates Gowri/Chandramukhi, but before he does so, a bolt of lightning strikes the sword and it reduces the Raja to ashes, and it is the end of Raja Sri Sri Sri Nagabhairava Rajshekhara's story. Gowri is no more affected by Chandramukhi anymore and is going to marry the bridegroom she scared away, and Geetha is going to marry too and it all comes to a happy ending.
Reception.
Nagavalli mostly received positive reception. 123telugu.com gave a review of rating 3/5 stating "If Nagavalli can be watched separately from Chandramukhi it is a very entertaining Telugu movie. It's got the right mix of elements, and will be a treat for Venkatesh's fans. Greatandhra.com gave a review of rating 3.25/5 stating "The story line of Chandramukhi that is well known for almost all the Telugu audience continues with ‘Nagavalli’. It’s a perfect sequel that way. Its more thrilling and suspense filled. Although the treatment resembles something on the lines of Krishna’s old film ‘Ave Kallu’, this proves to be interesting and gripping till the end." idlebrain.com gave a review of rating 3/5 stating "The plus points of the film are Venkatesh and Chandramukhi’s premise. On the flip side, a better screenplay and an exciting climax would have helped the movie. We have to wait and see how the crowds respond to this sequel to Chandramukhi." IndiaGlitz gave a review stating "Aura Aura Nagavalli is no match to Laka Laka Laka Laka Chandramukhi, But if you are a fan of Venkatesh and wish to see a beautiful Anushka potrayed more splendidly than ever, don't miss this movie." Oneindia Entertainment gave a review stating "The first half of the film is just okay while the second half is gripping. Though the film has given the feel of rehashing the Chandramukhi film, the way the director etched each and every character needs to be complimented."
Box Office.
Nagavalli opened to very good response, collecting more than 10 Crores in its opening week. It completed a Successful 50 Day run in 8 Centers and was declared a 'Hit' at the Box office.
Soundtrack.
'Nagavalli's soundtrack was released on 16 November 2010 at Shilpakala Vedika, Hyderabad. The audio launch was attended by D. Ramanaidu, Rajamouli, Puri Jagannadh, VV Vinayak, Rana, Nani, Ileana, Praneetha, KL Narayana and other film celebrities, along with "Nagavalli"'s cast and crew. Aditya Music is marketing "Nagavalli"s audio.
The music and soundtrack of the film was composed by Guru Kiran, and lyrics of all the songs were penned by Chandrabose.

</doc>
<doc id="18482028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482028" title="Legend of Keret">
Legend of Keret

The Legend of Keret, also known as the Epic of King Keret, is an ancient Ugaritic epic poem, dated to Late Bronze Age, circa 1500 – 1200 BC. It recounts the myth of King Keret of Hubur.
History.
The epic of Keret is contained in three rectangular clay tablets, excavated by a team of French archaeologists in Ugarit (modern Ras Shamra), Syria in 1930–31. The text is written in the Ugaritic cuneiform script. (While this script looks superficially similar to Mesopotamian cuneiform, there's no direct relationship between them.) Not all of the tablets recovered were well-preserved and some of the tablets, containing the ending of the story, appeared to be missing. The tablets were inscribed by Ilimilku, a high priest who was also the scribe for the Myth of Baal (a part of the Baal cycle) and the Legend of Aqhat, two other famous Ugaritic epic poems discovered at the Ras Shamra site.
The initial French translation of the tablets was published by a French archaeologist Charles Virolleaud, in a 1936 monograph and then in the journal "Syria".
A substantial number of other translations, in many languages, appeared afterwards. Among them the translations of Ginsberg (1946) and Herdner (1963) are widely used. Some of the more modern translations include Gordon (1977), Gibson (1978), Coogan (1978), and Greenstein (1997).
The Keret tablets are held at the Musée National d'Alep, Syria.
The story of Keret described in the tablets.
King Keret of Hubur (or Khuburu), despite being reputed to be a son of the great god El himself, was struck with many misfortunes. Although Keret had seven wives, they all either died in childbirth or of various diseases or deserted him, and Keret had no surviving children. While his mother had eight sons, Keret was the only one to survive and he had no family members to succeed him and saw his dynasty in ruin.
Keret prayed and lamented his plight. In his sleep, the god El appeared to Keret, who begged him for an heir. El told Keret that he should make war against the kingdom of Udum and demand that the daughter of King Pubala of Udum be given to him as a wife, refusing offers of silver and gold as a price of peace.
Keret followed El's advice and set out for Udum with a great army. Along the way he stopped at a shrine of Athirat, the goddess of the sea, and prayed to her, promising to give her a great tribute in gold and silver if his mission succeeded.
Keret then lay siege to Udum and eventually prevailed and forced King Pubala to give his daughter (in some translations, granddaughter), Hariya, to Keret in marriage. Keret and Hariya were married and she bore him two sons and six daughters. However, Keret reneged on his promise to the goddess Athirat to pay her a gold and silver tribute after his marriage.
this point there is a break in the story due to damage to the tablets.
When the story resumes, Keret's children are grown up.
The goddess Athirat grew angry at Keret's broken promise and struck him with a deadly illness. Keret's family wept and prayed for him. His youngest son, Elhu, complained that a man, who was said to be the son of the great god El himself, should not be allowed to die. Keret asked for only his daughter, Tatmanat, whose passion was the strongest, to pray to the gods for him. As Tatmanat prayed and wailed, the land first grew dry and barren but eventually was watered by a great rain.
At the time the gods were debating Keret's fate. Upon learning of Keret's broken promise to Athirat, El took Keret's side and said that Keret's vow was unreasonable and that Keret should not be held to it. El then asked if any of the other gods could cure Keret, but none were willing to do so. Then El performed some divine magic himself and created a winged woman, Shatiqtu, with the power to heal Keret. Shatiqtu cooled Keret's fever and cured him of his sickness. In two days Keret recovered and resumed his throne.
Then Yassub, Keret's oldest son, approached Keret and accused him of being lazy and unworthy of the throne and demanded that Keret abdicate. Keret grew angry and cast a terrible curse on Yassub, asking Horonu, the master of demons, to smash Yassub's skull.
At this point the story breaks and the ending of the text appears to be missing. While the end of the legend is unknown, many scholars assume that afterwards Keret lost all of his children, except for one daughter, who became his sole heir.
Study and interpretation.
Since its discovery in early 1930s, the Legend of Keret has been the subject of active scholarly study and gave rise to a wide variety of (often conflicting) analogies and interpretations. Most scholars argree that Keret is a purely mythical figure, although it is possible that some individual aspects of the myth do have historical basis. Apart from the scholarly research in ancient literary traditions, the epic of Keret is frequently discussed in biblical studies and in the study of history of religion.

</doc>
<doc id="18482041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482041" title="Vallée">
Vallée

Vallée is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18482043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482043" title="Nine (Tim Hardin album)">
Nine (Tim Hardin album)

Nine is an album by folk artist Tim Hardin, recorded in England and released in 1973. It was Hardin's final finished studio album. His next album, "Unforgiven" was incomplete when he died of a drug overdose.
"Nine" was re-issued on CD on the See For Miles label in 1994 with extensive liner notes and the single "Judge and Jury".
Reception.
In his review for Allmusic, music critic Bruce Eder wrote "This proved to be Hardin's final finished studio album, and there is a real sense — for all of the thick electric band sounds all over this record — of someone singing his insides out. Some of what's here is a shadow of the kind of writing that he did a decade earlier, although none of it is dull or predictable... It's all surprisingly good listening, and that goes double for fans of Hardin, though they may also be disturbed by some of what they hear and read."
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Tim Hardin; except where indicated

</doc>
<doc id="18482049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482049" title="Irish White Cross">
Irish White Cross

The Irish White Cross was established on 1 February 1921, as a mechanism for distributing funds raised by the American Committee for Relief in Ireland. It was managed by the Quaker businessman, and later Irish Free State senator, James G. Douglas. The White Cross continued to operate until the Irish Civil War and its books were officially closed in 1928. From 1922 its activities were essentially wound down and remaining funds divested to subsidiary organisations. The longest running of these aid committees was the Children's Relief Association which distributed aid to child victims of this troubled period, north and south of the border, until 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="18482057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482057" title="Montell Douglas">
Montell Douglas

Montell Marcelle Douglas (born 24 January 1986) is a British sprinter and current British record holder for the 100 metres at 11.05.
Athletics career.
Douglas made her first senior major championship appearance at the 2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships. Although she was knocked out in the semi-finals, she managed to set a new 60 metres personal best of 7.28 seconds.
She was part of the British 4 x 100 metres relay team that finished fourth at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka (along with Laura Turner, Joice Maduaka and Emily Freeman). At the same championships, she competed in the 100 m individual event but was eliminated in the quarter-finals stage.
In the 2008 season, she finished second behind Jeanette Kwakye in the women's 100 m at the British Championships. At the Loughborough European Athletics meeting on 17 July, during the semi-final she ran a wind-assisted (+2.6 m/s) time of 10.95 seconds. However, it was her legal wind performance in the final which was more important: Douglas broke Kathy Cook's British record with a time of 11.05 seconds. Douglas had improved her personal best by almost a quarter of a second, and broken a national record which had stood unbeaten for over a quarter of a century in the process.
2008 Summer Olympics.
Douglas represented Great Britain at the 2008 Olympics, in the 100 metres. In her first round heat she placed second behind Ivet Lalova in a time of 11.36 to advance to the second round. There she failed to qualify for the semi-finals as her time of 11.38 was only the fourth fastest time of her heat, causing elimination. She was also part of the Great Britain team which reached the final of the 4x100 metres relay, and which (along with the Jamaican team) were favourites to claim a medal. Jeanette Kwakye ran a good first bend in the final, but the British team failed to finish due to a mix-up in the changeover between Douglas and Emily Freeman. Jamaica also failed to finish after a similar error between Sherone Simpson and Kerron Stewart.
Outside Athletics.
Montell appeared on the game show Who Dares Wins on 14 January 2011 and won £12,500.

</doc>
<doc id="18482074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482074" title="Ramsås">
Ramsås

Ramsås is a village in Härnösand Municipality, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18482078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482078" title="Benjamin Ferguson">
Benjamin Ferguson

Benjamin Franklin Ferguson (died 1905) was an American lumber merchant and philanthropist whose 1905 $1 million ($ million today) charitable trust gift funded seventeen of the most notable public monuments and sculptures in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The works include Lorado Taft's "Fountain of Time" and "Fountain of the Great Lakes", Henry Moore's "Nuclear Energy" at Chicago Pile-1 and "Man Enters the Cosmos", and a work by Isamu Noguchi. Ferguson's gift set out terms whereby the Art Institute of Chicago was empowered to select subjects and sites for "The erection and maintenance of enduring statuary and monuments, in whole or in part of stone, granite or bronze in the parks, along the boulevards or in other public places." The Art Institute also funded Carl Milles's "Fountain of the Tritons", which sits in its courtyard, with this fund, but by the 1930s began to tire of standard sculpture and sought a court ruling to include buildings within the terms of the agreement. In the 1950s, they used some of the funds to add a wing to the Art Institute of Chicago Building, named the B. F. Ferguson Memorial Building. A relief sculpture of Benjamin Ferguson appears on the back on "Fountain of the Great Lakes". The fund also commissioned the recognizable "The Bowman" and "The Spearman" sculptures by Ivan Meštrović on opposite sides of Congress Parkway at Michigan Avenue and in Grant Park. The fund has commissioned the "Illinois Centennial Memorial Column" in Logan Square by Lincoln Memorial architect, Henry Bacon, to commemorate the 100th anniversary of Illinois' statehood. One of the more recent fundings was Louise Bourgeois's black granite "The Waltz of Hands" Jane Addams Memorial in 1996; however, the management of the fund has come under question in the 21st century. Ferguson lived in the Jackson Boulevard District of the Near West Side community area of Chicago, where he built a red brick Queen Anne house in 1883 that took up three city lots.

</doc>
<doc id="18482084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482084" title="Jeffrey Watson">
Jeffrey Watson

Jeffrey Watson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18482107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482107" title="70th meridian west">
70th meridian west

The meridian 70° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea, South America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 70th meridian west forms a great circle with the 110th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 70th meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18482108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482108" title="Victoire">
Victoire

Victoire, "Victory" in French, may refer to :
Victoire is a French feminine given name, equivalent to English Victoria. It may refer to :
Victoires may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18482112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482112" title="Lambert Adelot">
Lambert Adelot

Lambert Adelot (born 14 June 1898, date of death unknown) was a Belgian field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was a member of the Belgian field hockey team which finished fourth in the 1928 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches as halfback.
Eight years later he was part of the Belgian team which was eliminated in the first round of the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played all three matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18482117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482117" title="Chai Songyue">
Chai Songyue

Chai Songyue (Chinese: 柴松岳; November, 1941) is a politician of the People's Republic of China.
Born in Putuo, Zhejiang Province, Chai joined the Communist Party of China in September 1961. He was appointed acting governor of Zhejiang in April 1997, and was confirmed as governor in January 1998. He served this post till October 2002. 
Chai was an alternate member of 14th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, and a full member of 15th and 16th Central Committees of CPC.

</doc>
<doc id="18482125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482125" title="Cyclic di-GMP-I riboswitch">
Cyclic di-GMP-I riboswitch

Cyclic di-GMP-I riboswitches are a class of riboswitch that specifically bind cyclic di-GMP, which is a second messenger that is used in a variety of microbial processes including virulence, motility and biofilm formation. Cyclic di-GMP-I riboswitches were originally identified by bioinformatics as a conserved RNA-like structure called the "GEMM motif". These riboswitches are present in a wide variety of bacteria, and are most common in Clostridia and certain varieties of Proteobacteria. The riboswitches are present in pathogens such as "Clostridium difficile", "Vibrio cholerae" (which causes cholera) and "Bacillus anthracis" (which causes anthrax). "Geobacter uraniumreducens" is predicted to have 30 instances of this riboswitch in its genome. A bacteriophage that infects "C. difficile" is predicted to carry a cyclic di-GMP-I riboswitch, which it might use to detect and exploit the physiological state of bacteria that it infects.
The discovery of this riboswitch class answers the question of how genes are regulated in response to cyclic di-GMP levels in many different bacteria. However, some bacteria in which cyclic di-GMP has been studied lack cyclic di-GMP-I riboswitches, e.g. "Pseudomonas aeruginosa". Cyclic di-GMP-I riboswitches are the first kind of riboswitch to be discovered whose role is not primarily in regulating metabolism, but is instead part of signaling. A second class of riboswitch that binds cyclic di-GMP is called the cyclic di-GMP-II riboswitch. The two classes of cyclic di-GMP-binding riboswitches do not share any known sequence or structural features.
High-resolution three-dimensional structures of cyclic di-GMP-I riboswitches have been determined using X-ray crystallography.

</doc>
<doc id="18482142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482142" title="Špiro Kulišić">
Špiro Kulišić

Špiro Kulišić (Perast 1908 - Belgrade 1989) was a controversial Montenegrin ethnologist and one of the founders of the Montenegrin autochtonist school. He came under heavy criticism in his lifetime by European and world ethnologists. 
Work.
He worked on ethnographic and ethnologic studies in Bosnia and Herzegovina and in Belgrade during the Communist period in Yugoslavia. He studied Lepenski Vir and then published the "Serbian Mythological Dictionary" in 1970 together with Petar Ž. Petrović and Nikola Pantelić, dedicating himself to the research of Slavic mythology.
Kusulić always based his theory (or theories) on others (Engels and Kosven primarily) but somehow allowed his imagination to run away with him. He presents the hypothesis that the "zadruga" existed during the period of matriarchy and claims, by analogy with Inuit (?) and West African Congo (?), thus arriving to uncertain conclusions that can only be deemed "non-sequitur" ("it does not follow"). 
Ethnogenesis of Montenegrins.
His life's work was published in the Montenegrin capital of Titograd (modern-day Podgorica) by the state Pobjeda in 1980, known as "On the Ethnogenesis of the Montenegrins". This work sparked a huge amount of controversy in the public, as since the 1970s there was a developing theory on the authochtonous school about the Montenegrins' ethnic origin, whereas the dominant one until then was that Montenegrins were of Serbian ethnic background, this work being one of the key founders of the theory. Almost immediately a discussion was opened by the Montenegrin elite & intelligence in Titograd's Marxist Center (pro-serbian communists), where renowned Montenegrin academicians Dr Dimitrije Vujović, Dr Rastislav Petrović and Dr Nikola Vukčević discussed through the conclusive elements of this work. Špiro Kulišić was invited to attend, but he chose not to, and remained silent regarding the countless critics until the end of his life. The Chairman of the Montenegrin Presidency Veljko Milatović defended his work in the discussion valiantly, but remained only on word and without presentation of arguments.
His main thesis centered on the uniqueness of the Docleans, residents of the ancient Slavic Duklja that existed partially on the territory of the Republic of Montenegro, a people distinct from Serbs or Croats, and how they are the common ancestors of the Montenegrins. He defined that the Docleans were a mixture-nation of the Slavic migrants and the autochthonous ancient romanized ancestral population of Duklja's territory (unlike the purely Slavic Serbs), as well as that never ever had the Serbs lived in Montenegro, just only in the early Medieval Ages one small number of Croats, next to the Docleans. It is his argument that there weren't greater migrations of Serbs into Montenegro from the time of the arrival of the Ottoman Empire and that all of the migrations were local inter-Montenegrin, that the Zetans have kept until the end of the Middle Ages their distinctive identity, as well as that the Serbian intelligence Serbianized the Montenegrins in historical record, which also thus led to the alleged illusion in Montenegrin scholarship that the Montenegrins belong to the same people with the Serbs.
Critic.
Špiro Kulišić had based his work on the original Byzantine sources like "De Administrando Imperio" during his studies. Kulišić primarily relied on sources like the Constantine VII Porphyrogennetos and Slovenian historian Ljudmil Hauptmann and on selective driven out of context takings from Serbian experts on the issue Vuk Stefanović Karadžić, Jovan Cvijić and Jovan Erdeljanović. His claims were quite often compared to those of the Montenegrin Ustashas from the WWII era for a period of time, Savić Marković "Štedimlija" and Sekule Drljević. He fallaciously presented in his book as if Byzantine and other early Medieval sources as if they talk only about Docleans and sometimes Croats. 
Constantine VII Porphyrogennetos clearly states: "Croats, Serbs, Docleans and other neighboring tribes belong to the Slavs" - from this quotation is obvious that Porphyrogennetos distinguishes Docleans (Montenegrins) from Serbs and Croats.
Ideologists of "Greater Serbia" claim that Kulišić had turned out to be severely self-contradicting in his book, one of the examples being the impossible and historically incorrect claim that the Docleans were a mixture of romanized Vlachs and migrant Slavs, when science remembers that there could not have been any greater mixture of the majority Slavs with the others up to the 18th century, and then the subsequent talk about Vlachs far after the Medieval Ages. He mixed writers quite often, plausible connoting historical findings to them, such as in the case of John Skylitzes. Another fact was the claim of arrival of a Serbian national element into Montenegro across Serbia's dominating intelligence, quite fallaciously ignoring the countless of sources that signify the national Serb element all the way to the Medieval Age. One of the most outrageous things was blatant falsification of sources (such as those of Branislav Đurđev) which he called upon for the migrations period as evidence of solely inter-migrations within Montenegro, as pointed out by Prof. Dr Rastislav Petrović, when quite on the contrary evidence points out to up to 90% of Montenegro's population having roots outside Montenegro; or not pointing out that most of the migrants from Albania were of Slavic ethnic origin themselves. Some parts of Kulišić's book reach outright absurdity, such as with the claim on the origin of the ""family"" word in Montenegro, or comparing several Montenegrin traditions to the Caucasian as a proof of the autochtonousness of the Montenegrins, quite blatantly ignoring the fact that they are completely identical to those of Central Serbia. Most of Kulišić's arguments have limited themselves to plain unproven declarations, or scientifically contradicting ones like the claim that there is a unique Montenegrin dialect within the AVNOJ borders of Montenegro, when AFAIK the population of Montenegro speaks two carefully separated dialects of Serbo-Croatian: East Herzegovinian, which is also spoken by a huge mass of the Serbs, and partially Zetan-South Sandžak (Sjenica).
Dr Novak Ražnatović:
Milija Stanišić:
Milija Komatina:
Prof. Dr Rastislav Petrović:
One of the greatest Montenegrin Communist academicians, Dr Dimo Vujović:
Numerous other Montenegrin experts have questioned Kulišić's thesis like Dr Đoko Pejović or later Batrić Jovanović, while the great Montenegrin ethnologue and historian Nikola Vukčević even wrote an entire book in 1981 as a response known as "The Ethnic Origin of the Montenegrins" in far greater detail and sourceness that Kulišić's far smaller book. 
Kulišić's book was, however, positively criticized by the three prime leaders of Montenegrin distinctiveness. The first is the somewhat controversial linguist Dr Vojislav Nikčević, who from the 1970s presented the idea of separateness of a Montenegrin language away from Serbo-Croat as is the father of the Montenegrin language idea, considers Kulišić's work a ""very valuable and important scientific work"". The other is Dr Radoslav Rotković, who is known for his a bit questionable studies of the Tribes in Montenegro, which he identified as if they have constituated themselves before their migration to the Balkans on the soil of modern-day Germany and as such migrated to the Balkans and preserved their identity. The third is a renowned Montenegrin historian by the name of Dragoje Živković, a moderate proponent of the Montenegrin distinctiveness from the Serbs, who claimed that Kulišić's work is the first to break the myths and illusions in Montenegrin history. 
Over the years this book of Špiro Kulišić has become the conceiving cradle of the Autochtonist Doclean school, centered at the establishment of a distinct Montenegrin language, a Montenegrin Orthodox Church and Montenegro's independence from its common state with Serbia, a view of history promoted throughout the 1990s by the Doclean Academy of Sciences and Arts. Since Montenegro's independence from Serbia and Montenegro and the other political changes of the 21st century, Kulišić's works and their continuations of members of his school have received a considerable growth and some popularity amongst the public.

</doc>
<doc id="18482149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482149" title="Sean Hetherington">
Sean Hetherington

Sean Hetherington is a comedic essayist, reality TV producer, pundit, interviewer and a former stand-up comic who gained fame after his appearance as a contestant in the second season of NBC's American Gladiators [http://www.nbc.com/American_Gladiators/contestants/season_2/sean_hetherington.shtml] on their Weight Loss Survivors episode.
In 2003, at 24 years old, Hetherington shed 100 pounds. He has written and performed about the before-and-after experience of weight loss both online (FreshYarn.com [http://www.freshyarn.com/38/essays/hetherington_marshall1.htm], LiveJournal, AfterElton) and live at the San Jose, Hollywood Improvs, Idaho Comedy Festival, Michigan Comedy Festival, and Punchline Comedy Clubs.
In 2008, he was cast on the Extreme Weight-Loss edition of NBC's American Gladiators. After his inspired appearance, he gained national media attention for his personal training in the pages of US WEEKLY AfterElton [http://www.afterelton.com/people/2008/6/seanhetherington, Sirius Satellite Radio, MTV and E!
After the passage of California's Proposition 8 in 2008, Hetherington and his then boyfriend, Aaron Hartzler, founded the international volunteer movement Day Without A Gay, where LGBT people were asked to call in "gay for the day" and spend the day volunteering as a form of peaceful protest. Day Without A Gay was covered in the New York Times, CNN, and Wall Street Journal. It was lampooned on Saturday Night Live and The O'Reilly Factor.
In 2009, Hetherington and Hartzler planned the first known "Same Sex Kiss Day". As a follow up to Day Without a Gay, its goal was to encourage businesses to support and be more inclusive of out and proud LGBT Americans. 
Hetherington is an alumnus of Belmont University.

</doc>
<doc id="18482162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482162" title="Niklas Strömstedt">
Niklas Strömstedt

Bo Anders "Niklas" Strömstedt, born on 25 July 1958 in Lund, Sweden, is a pop singer and songwriter.
Early years.
Son of Bo Strömstedt, a former editor in chief at "Expressen", and Margareta Strömstedt, author, journalist and translator. As a student he attended the Adolf Fredrik's Music School in Stockholm.
Career.
Played the keyboard on Ulf Lundell's recordings and tours from the end of the '70s to the end of the '80s.
Strömstedt's most recognized hit as a solo artist is the song "Om", reaching number one on the Swedish chart and Svensktoppen 1990. He also had success with the album "Halvvägs till framtiden" released in 1992 with the hits "Oslagbara" and "Bilderna av dej".
In 1994 he formed the music group GES with Orup and Anders Glenmark.
Melodifestivalen.
Strömstedt wrote and composed "I morgon är en annan dag" for Melodifestivalen 1992 and won. The song was performed by Christer Björkman. In Melodifestivalen 2008 he participated himself as a wildcard in the fourth heat in Karlskrona. He finished last.
Niklas Strömstedt was married to Efva Attling, with whom he has two children. He also has a child with Agneta Sjödin.
Personal life.
Niklas is since 2011 married to television host Jenny Strömstedt.

</doc>
<doc id="18482176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482176" title="John Dudley (disambiguation)">
John Dudley (disambiguation)

John Dudley, 1st Duke of Northumberland (1504–1553) was Lord President of the Council 1549–1553, during the minority of Edward VI.
John Dudley may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18482183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482183" title="The Batman Chronicles (trade paperback)">
The Batman Chronicles (trade paperback)

The Batman Chronicles is a series of trade paperbacks published by DC Comics, intended to reprint all Batman stories from "Detective Comics", "Batman", "World's Finest Comics", and other titles throughout the character's history, chronologically (based on publication date), starting with his earliest appearances. Whether or not the series will collect the post-Crisis version of Batman as well remains to be seen. They are priced significantly lower than the "Batman Archives" series in order to be more affordable for the reader. Each volume is typically priced at $14.99 USD. 11 volumes have been produced so far. After a 2 year hiatus, "The Batman Chronicles" returned with volume 11 in December 2012. No further volumes have been announced yet.
Publications.
Eleven volumes have been published to date.

</doc>
<doc id="18482190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482190" title="Cryptantha micromeres">
Cryptantha micromeres

Cryptantha micromeres is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name pygmyflower cryptantha. It is native to California and Baja California, where it grows in woodland and chaparral. This is a hairy annual herb growing a branching stem to heights between 10 and 50 centimeters. The leaves are up to 4 centimeters long, variable in shape and covered in bristles. The inflorescence contains clusters of tiny bristly white flowers only a few millimeters wide.

</doc>
<doc id="18482195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482195" title="Claude Baudoux">
Claude Baudoux

Claude Baudoux (born 7 May 1898, date of death unknown) was a Belgian field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was a member of the Belgian field hockey team which finished fourth in the 1928 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches as halfback.

</doc>
<doc id="18482202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482202" title="Bible translations into French">
Bible translations into French

After a number of French Bible translations in the Middle Ages, the first printed translation of the Bible into French was the work of the French theologian Jacques Lefèvre d'Étaples in 1530 in Antwerp, Belgium. This was substantially revised and improved in 1535 by Pierre Robert Olivétan. This Bible, in turn, became the basis of the first French Catholic Bible, published at Leuven in 1550, the work of Nicholas de Leuze and François de Larben. Finally, the Bible de Port-Royal, prepared by Antoine Lemaistre and his brother Louis Isaac Lemaistre, finished in 1695, achieved broad acceptance among both Catholics and Protestants. Jean-Frédéric Ostervald's version (1724) also enjoyed widespread popularity.
Among Catholics, the most notable contemporary French translation is "La Bible de Jérusalem", available in English as "The Jerusalem Bible", which appeared first in French in 1954 and was revised in 1973. Its copious but concise footnotes and apparatus have won respect among both Protestant and Catholic readers. This translation has served as the basis for versions in many other languages besides French.
Many Francophone Protestants now use the Louis Segond version, which was finished in 1880, and revised substantially between 1975 and 1978. The Revised Louis Segond Bible is published by the American Bible Society. In 2007 the Geneva Bible Society published an updated edition of the Segond text called Segond 21. It is described by its sponsors as "L’original, avec les mots d’aujourd’hui" (the original, but with today's words).
Another modern French Bible is the "Bible du Semeur", finished in 2000. This is a more thought-for-thought translation than Segond's, and it uses more contemporary language. It is published by Biblica (formerly the International Bible Society). Another similarly translated Bible that is very popular with French readers is the "Bible en français courant", published in 1987 by the Alliance Biblique Universelle.
The chief Jewish version of the Hebrew Scriptures in French is "La Bible du rabbinat français", which was finished in 1906 and was revised in 1966.
André Chouraqui has published a version designed for use by both Jews and Christians; though Jewish himself, he included the New Testament.
Jehovah's Witnesses have translated their New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures into French.

</doc>
<doc id="18482212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482212" title="Rosabelle Sinclair">
Rosabelle Sinclair

Rosabelle Sinclair, known as the affectionately as the "Grand Dame of Lacrosse", established the first women's lacrosse team in the United States. She was the first woman to be inducted into the National Lacrosse Hall of Fame. 
Sinclair, was born in Russia in 1890 and educated in Philadelphia, before attending St Leonards School in St Andrews, where women's lacrosse had been introduced by Louisa Lumsden. Lumsden brought the game to Scotland after watching a men's lacrosse game between the Canghuwaya Indians and the Montreal Lacrosse Club. 
After leaving St Leonards School in 1910, Sinclair attended Madame Bergman Osterberg's College of Physical Training in Dartford, England. She then taught at an all-girls school in Yorkshire and in 1919 accepted a post at Chelsea Physical Training College. In 1922she left for the United States. 
Sinclair arrived in the United States and taught gymnastics and games at Rosemary Hall School before becoming a physical education teacher at the Bryn Mawr School in Baltimore, Maryland. She introduced lacrosse to the all-girls school in 1926. She would continue teaching there and serve as Athletic Director from 1925 to 1951. Women's lacrosse differs greatly from the men's version, and with emphasis on stick skills and proficiency. Sinclair believed the game should be played with feminine refinement, stating: 
Sinclair's legacy remains as being responsible for the growth of women's lacrosse in the United States. In 1931, she helped form the United States Women's Lacrosse Association, which later was consolidated into US Lacrosse. Even after her retirement from the Bryn Mawr School, she remained involved in the development of women's lacrosse. In 1978, the Bryn Mawr School renamed their athletic fields in honor of Sinclair shortly before her death in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18482215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482215" title="Wan Xueyuan">
Wan Xueyuan

Wan Xueyuan (Chinese: 万学远; January, 1941 - ) is a politician of the People's Republic of China. He currently serves as the vice director of foreign affairs committee of 11th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC).
Born in Huanggang, Hubei Province, Wan joined the Communist Party of China in June, 1961. He graduated from the department of naval dynamics of Shanghai Jiao Tong University in 1964. 
In September, 1992, Wan became the vice governor of Zhejiang. From January, 1993 to April, 1997, he served as the Governor of Zhejiang.

</doc>
<doc id="18482226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482226" title="Uncial 047">
Uncial 047

Uncial 047 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering no. 047, ε 95 von Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the Gospels. The codex is dated paleographically to the 8th century. Formerly the codex was designated by Hebrew letter ב. It has full marginalia.
Description.
The codex contains on 152 parchment leaves (20,5 cm by 15,2 cm) almost complete text of the four Gospels, with some lacunae (Matthew 2-3; 28; Mark 5-6; 8-9; John 12; 14; 17). The text is written partly in double columns and partly in cruciform, 37 or 38 lines per page. Parchment is thick, ink is brown. The letters are small.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, and their τιτλοι ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also a division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections (in Mark sections 237, the last section in 16:15), with references to the Eusebian Canons (written below Ammonian Section numbers).
It contains prolegomena, lists of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") before each Gospel, and lectionary equipment on the margin (for liturgical use), and Verses. 
It does not contain the text of , text of John 5:3.4 is present, but they were marked by an obelus in the left-hand margin, indicating that the passage is doubtful. The pericope John 7:53-8:11 is not marked by an obelus or asterisk.
It uses grammar form ειπαν (for 3 person and plural in aoristus) typical for the Koine-Greek, instead of ειπον typical for the Byzantine-Greek.
Lacunae.
Matthew 2:15-3:12; 28:10-20; Mark 5:40-6:18; 8:35-9:19; John 2:17-42; 14:7-15:1; 18:34-21:25. 
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type, Aland gave for it the following textual profile: 1751, 961/2, 62, 21s Aland placed it in Category V. Wisse recognized its text – in Luke 1; 10; 20 – as text of the textual family Kx. Hermann von Soden did not classified it to this group.
In John 1:29 it lacks ο Ιωαννης along with manuscripts Sinaiticus, Alexandrinus, Vaticanus, Cyprius, Campianus, Petropolitanus Purpureus, Vaticanus 354, Nanianus, Macedoniensis, Sangallensis, Koridethi, Petropolitanus, Athous Lavrensis, 045, 0141, 8, 9, 565, 1192;
History.
Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 8th century.
The codex was discovered by Gregory in 1886, who gave first description of the codex.
The codex was formerly held in the monastery of St. Andrew on Athos Peninsula. C. R. Gregory examined it in 1886. It was brought by T. Whittemore to the United States. Since 1942 the codex is located in the Princeton University Library (Library Μed. and Ren. Mss, Garrett 1), in Princeton, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="18482253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482253" title="Paul Delheid">
Paul Delheid

Paul Charles Delheid (born 9 December 1909, date of death unknown) was a Belgian field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was a member of the Belgian field hockey team which finished fourth in the 1928 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches as forward and scored one goal.
Eight years later he was part of the Belgian team which was eliminated in the first round of the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played all three matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18482263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482263" title="Busted discography">
Busted discography

The discography of English pop rock band Busted consists of two studio albums, one live album, one compilation album and ten singles and eleven music videos.
The band's debut album "Busted" was released by Island Records in the UK in September 2002 and peaked at number two on the UK Albums Chart and has been certified triple platinum by the British Phonographic Industry. It also peaked at number five on the Irish Albums Chart. The album spawned four singles, "What I Go to School For", "Year 3000", "You Said No" and "Sleeping with the Light On". They all charted in the top three of the UK Singles Chart, with "You Said No" reaching number one and three of them reaching the top five in Ireland.
Busted's second album "A Present for Everyone" was released in 2003 and spawned four top-two singles in the UK, "Crashed the Wedding", "Who's David" and the double A-side "Thunderbirds/3am". The album itself peaked at number two in the UK, number nine in Ireland, and was also certified triple platinum by the BPI. This was followed in 2004 by a United States-only album which was again titled "Busted". It featured tracks from both of their previous UK albums. In November 2004, Busted released a live album, "", which features live recordings from their 2004 tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18482266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482266" title="South Bend Airport (NICTD station)">
South Bend Airport (NICTD station)

South Bend Airport is the eastern terminus of the South Shore Line serving South Bend Regional Airport. The station is northwest of the central business district of South Bend, Indiana. In November 1992, this station replaced the South Shore Line's former terminus at the South Bend Amtrak Station. It was built at the end of what started out as Chicago, South Shore and South Bend Railroad's freight spur NICTD and South Bend Regional Airport have considered moving the station to the west side of the airport (complete with a new track), but no concrete plans have been made as of February 2010.
The station has a ticket office and a waiting room. Because the station is incorporated into the South Bend Regional Airport building, riders can also take advantage of its extensive lounging areas, shops and a meditation room.
Until November 27, 2009, most eastbound weekend South Shore Line trains terminated at this station. Since then, those trips were cut in half, creating much larger gaps in service. This was done to improve on-time performance for South Shore trains, which suffered because the section of the line between Michigan City and South Bend is almost entirely single-tracked. Because of this, if the westbound train got delayed, the eastbound train got delayed even more as it waited for the westbound train to clear the track.
Connections.
Bus.
TRANSPO
Coach USA
Greyhound Bus
Air.
Allegiant Air
Continental Connection
Delta Connection
United Express

</doc>
<doc id="18482268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482268" title="Refugium Peccatorum Madonna (Crosio)">
Refugium Peccatorum Madonna (Crosio)

Refugium Peccatorum Madonna or the Refuge of Sinners Madonna is a painting by the Italian artist Luigi Crosio. It was painted in 1898.
Crosio originally painted the Madonna for the Kuenzil Brothers in Switzerland. In 1964 the Swiss province of the Schoenstatt Sisters purchased the original painting. It was then also called the Mother Thrice Admirable Madonna.

</doc>
<doc id="18482270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482270" title="James K. Polk State Office Building">
James K. Polk State Office Building

The James K. Polk State Office Building is a 24-story, building in Nashville, Tennessee. Completed in 1981, the building was constructed on the site of the Andrew Jackson Hotel and is home to offices for state employees, the Tennessee State Museum, and the Tennessee Performing Arts Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18482279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482279" title="Paul Reynolds (RTÉ journalist)">
Paul Reynolds (RTÉ journalist)

Paul Reynolds is an Irish journalist. He has been on the main RTÉ News and Current Affairs programmes, in both television and radio, almost daily for over a decade.
Paul Reynolds joined RTÉ in 1991 at the same time as Mark Little, Rachael English and Sean Whelan. He is currently the RTÉ Crime Correspondent.
In June 2009, he won the Political and Current Affairs Journalist of The Year from Irish National Media Awards. In June 2011 he was subject to criticism from Minister for Justice, Equality and Defence Alan Shatter, who stated, "Reynolds has great difficulty in accurately reporting" and he "consistently engages in tabloid sensationalism". RTÉ responded to this claim by saying that his work and his "record stands for itself". 

</doc>
<doc id="18482293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482293" title="List of the oldest synagogues in the United States">
List of the oldest synagogues in the United States

The designation of the oldest synagogue in the United States requires careful use of definitions, and must be divided into two parts, the oldest in the sense of oldest surviving building, and the oldest in the sense of oldest congregation. Even here, there is the distinction between old synagogue buildings that have been in continuous use as synagogues, and those that have been converted to other purposes, between buildings that have been in continuous use as synagogues and those, such as the Touro, that were shuttered for many decades, and between early established congregations that have been in continuous existence and early congregations that ceased to exist.
Oldest congregations.
Sephardi congregations.
All of the oldest congregations in the new world were founded by Sephardi Jews and followed the Sephardic liturgy.
Ashkenazi congregations.
Until 1795, all congregations in the United States were Sephardic, although many or even most of the members of these congregations were descended from Eastern European Jews.
Oldest existing buildings.
This list includes only buildings that are still standing. Some are still in use as synagogues, others have been repurposed.

</doc>
<doc id="18482305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482305" title="Joachim Ekanga-Ehawa">
Joachim Ekanga-Ehawa

Joachim Ekanga-Ehawa (born 7 October 1977) is a Cameroonian professional basketball with ÉS Chalon-sur-Saône of France's Ligue Nationale de Basketball. A member of the Cameroon national basketball team, Ekanga-Ehawa first represented his country in 2003. In 2007, he won a silver medal at the FIBA Africa Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18482308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482308" title="Stephen Newton">
Stephen Newton

Stephen Cox Newton (21 April 1853 – 16 August 1916) was an English cricketer who represented, and captained, Somerset County Cricket Club in the late 19th century. During a 14-year first-class cricket career, he also represented Cambridge University, Middlesex and the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).
He made his debut in first-class cricket for Cambridge University, where he was awarded his Blue. He then spent nine seasons playing for Somerset, and captained the side for the last five of those seasons. Working as a schoolmaster in London, his playing opportunities for the south-western county were limited, and from 1885 he only played first-class cricket at Lord's cricket ground, representing Middlesex in three matches that season, and appearing for the MCC on nine occasions over six years. He returned to play for Somerset in 1887 and 1890 when they had lost their first-class status. He worked as headmaster of Loudon House School in London for some years from 1888, and died following an operation in 1916 in Ipswich.
Early life.
Stephen Cox Newton was born on 21 April 1853 in Nailsea, Somerset to Robert Newton and Elizabeth Catherine Cox. He attended Victoria College, Jersey, where he played in the school cricket team for seven summers, from 1866 to 1872, and topped the batting averages in five of those years (1867, 1868, 1869, 1870, and 1872). He also captained the side during his last three years at the school.
On completion of his time at Victoria College, Newton continued his education at Cambridge University, attending Corpus Christi College. He played five first-class matches for the university, all in 1876. His highest score during these matches was the 33 not out that he scored in the second innings of his first-class debut, against an England XI. He was awarded his cricketing Blue, scoring seven runs at number ten during a nine wicket Cambridge victory over Oxford University.
Somerset County Cricket Club.
Pre-first-class years.
Newton assisted Somerset from 1876 until 1890. The county cricket club had only been formally set-up the previous year, and was seeking first-class status. The majority of matches played by Newton for the county between 1876 and 1878 are recorded by CricketArchive as being for the 'Gentlemen of Somerset', and are not categorised as first-class cricket, and although those from 1879 onwards are recorded as being for 'Somerset', they are generally regarded as remaining a 'second-class' of cricket.
During these pre-first-class seasons, Newton made a name for himself, and in his official history of the club, Peter Roebuck describes him as one of the talents of the side. He took on the captaincy of the club in 1880, a season in which he passed 30 runs in five of the recorded seven innings in which he played. His highest score recorded on CricketArchive during these years for Somerset was the 91 which he scored in 1876 against the Gentlemen of Dorset. Team-mate Bill Roe described Newton as a useful batsman who favoured playing balls on his pads. In his obituary, Newton was described as being "a most excellent field", particularly strong at cover-point, while Haygarth's "Scores and Biographies" characterised him as "a fine and free hitter, and a most excellent field".
First-class cricket.
Somerset gained first-class status in 1882, and retained it for four seasons. Newton was the club captain for the first three of these seasons, becoming the county's first official captain. He did not, however, appear in Somerset's first three matches: as a schoolmaster in London, he only played for the county in late-July and August. In his first match as a first-class cricket captain, he top-scored in both innings, with 57 and 67, as Somerset lost to MCC by one wicket. He then made 80 in the side's next match, a victory over Hampshire. He fared less well in the remainder of the 1882 season, failing to reach a half-century in any of his other three matches. Newton's batting average of 34.44 from his five first-class matches in 1882 was the highest he achieved during his first-class career, and both his total number of runs scored (310) and his number of half-centuries (3) during the season were also career highs.
Newton suffered a slow start to his 1883 campaign, failing to pass 10 runs in his first five innings. His improvements improved in his next three matches, highlighted by a half-century against Gloucestershire, scored during a 135 run partnership with Edward Sainsbury. His batting average for the season was almost half that of the previous year, and despite playing two additional innings he scored two less half-centuries than in 1882. In his first match for Somerset in 1884, Newton claimed his only wickets in first-class cricket. Bowling with a style that is not recorded on CricketArchive or Cricinfo, he claimed the wickets of Hampshire's Arthur Richards and HH Armstrong, both batsmen being caught off his bowling. Newton utilised himself as a bowler only after using every other member of the side, with the exception of wicket-keeper Francis Terry. In his next match, Newton avoided a pair against Lancashire by top-scoring in Somerset's second innings with 62. That score was to be the last half-century of Newton's season, and his last in first-class cricket for Somerset. He added two further scores above 30 against Kent, scoring 46 and 31, He played three less innings than in the previous season, but surpassed his total runs from that season, and improved his average to 24.22. In his three years of first-class cricket for Somerset, he scored no centuries, five half-centuries, and averaged 24.56 with the bat, higher than he finished with any other first-class cricket side.
Playing at Lord's.
From the 1885 season, all of Newton's first-class appearances were made for either Middlesex or the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's cricket ground in St John's Wood, London. Having been a member of the MCC since 1878, Newton made his debut for the club in first-class competition against Nottinghamshire in May 1885. He appeared for the club five times during 1885. In contrast to his time at Somerset, he did not restrict himself to playing only during late-July and August. Playing for the side against Lancashire, Newton made his highest total in first-class cricket, scoring 86 in the second-innings of the match. This score was the only half-century that Newton scored for a side other than Somerset. Newton appeared three times for Middlesex during 1885, for whom he qualified under the residential criterion. He averaged 5.33 for the county with the bat, and did not appear again after 1885. He appeared once for the MCC in first-class cricket in each of the 1887, 1888, 1889 and 1890 seasons, after which he did not play first-class cricket again. His final first-class match was in May 1890 when he scored 1 and 21 during a seven wicket loss to Lancashire.
Later playing days.
Newton returned to play three further matches for Somerset in 1887 and 1890, when they did not hold first-class status. He opened the innings for the county twice in 1887, passing 20 on three out of four occasions. During Somerset's successful 1890 season, when they remained unbeaten against other county opposition, Newton batted at number four, scoring 3 and 0, his final recorded appearance for Somerset. CricketArchive records one further appearance for Newton, playing in Felixstowe for the MCC against Suffolk in 1905, aged 52. Opening the batting, he scored 87 to help his side to a nine wicket victory.
Teaching and later life.
Outside of cricket, Newton worked as a schoolmaster and from 1888 was headmaster of Loudon House School in St John's Wood, London. He also taught at Highgate School in Highgate, London. He died on 16 August 1916 in a nursing home in Ipswich, Suffolk after an operation.

</doc>
<doc id="18482323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482323" title="Masoro">
Masoro

Masoro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18482329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482329" title="Mei Qing">
Mei Qing

Mei Qing (; ca. 1623–1697) was a Chinese landscape painter, calligrapher and poet active during the Qing Dynasty.
Mei was born in Xuancheng, Anhui Province. His style name was 'Yuangong' (渊公 or 远公) and his pseudonym was 'Mount Qu' (Qushan 瞿山), 'Winter Hut' (Xue Lu - 雪庐), and 'Lao Qu Fan Fu' (老瞿凡父). Mei was taught by Wang Meng. He was a friend Shitao, influencing some of Shitao's earlier works. His landscape paintings were based on his many travels to the Yellow Mountain.
His works on poetry include: "Tian Yan Garret Collection" (天延阁集) and "Mei Shi Anthology" (梅氏诗略).
Notes.
<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18482331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482331" title="Abraham Lansing">
Abraham Lansing

Abraham Lansing (February 27, 1835 – October 4, 1899) was an American lawyer and politician.
Life.
Born in Albany, Albany County, New York, Lansing was a grandson of state Treasurer Abraham G. Lansing, and son of Christopher Yates Lansing (1796–1872) and Caroline Mary Thomas Lansing (1805–1845). Chancellor John Lansing, Jr. was his great-uncle, Gerrit Y. Lansing was his uncle. Lansing attended The Albany Academy, and graduated A.B. from Williams College in 1855, a member of The Kappa Alpha Society. Then he read law at his father's office, graduated from Albany Law School in 1857, and later practiced law in partnership with his brother William.
In 1868, he was appointed City Attorney of Albany, and in 1869 became the first New York Supreme Court reporter. He published the first seven volumes of the Supreme Court Reports.
On November 26, 1873, he married Catherine Gansevoort (granddaughter of Peter Gansevoort and Nathan Sanford).
From June 1 to August 19, 1874, he was Acting New York State Treasurer, appointed by Governor John Adams Dix while Treasurer Thomas Raines was incapacitated due to a nervous breakdown, and was treated at the Utica State Asylum.
In 1876, he was chosen Corporation Counsel of Albany. He was a member of the New York State Senate (17th D.) in 1882 and 1883. There he worked for the establishment of the State Railroad Commission and the Niagara Falls State Park.
He was a director of the National Commercial Bank, trustee of the Albany Savings Bank, Park Commissioner of Albany, Governor of the Albany Hospital, trustee of The Albany Academy, the Albany Medical College, the Albany Rural Cemetery, the Dudley Observatory. In 1879 he was an American delegate to the International Conference (London) for the Codification of the Law of Nations.
Lansing died October 4, 1899, and was buried at the Albany Rural Cemetery at Menands, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18482352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482352" title="Open 13">
Open 13

The Open 13 is an annual men's tennis tournament played in Marseille, France. The tournament is an ATP World Tour 250 series event on the Association of Tennis Professionals tour. It is held for one week in February. The number 13 is the INSEE code of the Bouches-du-Rhône "département" of which Marseille is the capital.
The tournament is played on indoor hard courts at the Palais des sports de Marseille. The Centre Court has a capacity of 5800 seats.
History.
The event was first held in 1993. It was the project of ex-professional tennis player and native of Marseille Jean-François Caujolle, who remains tournament director to this day.
The Swiss player Marc Rosset won the singles title at the first two editions of the event in 1993 and 1994. He also won it for a 3rd time in 2000. Together with the Swede Thomas Enqvist, who won 1997, 1998 and 2002, they are the only players to win the title 3 times.
ATP points and prize money.
For the 2010 edition, the distribution of points and prize money is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18482367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482367" title="Brickellia nevinii">
Brickellia nevinii

Brickellia nevinii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Nevin's brickellbush. It is native to California and Nevada, where it is an uncommon resident of desert and mountain scrub plant communities. 
This is an erect shrub reaching heights between 3 and 5 meters. The dense, tangling branches and foliage are coated in gray woolly fibers. The small leaves are oval to heart-shaped, toothed along the edges, and generally under two centimeters long. 
The shrub flowers in clusters of flower heads each about 1.5 centimeters long. The head is cylindrical to conical and wrapped in layers of gray woolly phyllaries whose tips curl out from the flower head. The head contains around 23 dull white to reddish-tinted yellow disc florets that stick out from the tip. The fruit is a hairy achene about 4 millimeters long with a pappus of bristles.

</doc>
<doc id="18482371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482371" title="Codex Vaticanus 2061">
Codex Vaticanus 2061

Codex Vaticanus Graecus 2061, usually known as Uncial 048 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α1 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript on parchment. It contains some parts of the New Testament, homilies of several authors, and Strabo's "Geographica". Formerly it was known also as the "Codex Basilianus 100", earlier as "Codex Patriniensis 27".
It was designated by ב a, p.
The manuscript has survived in a fragmentary condition. It is a double palimpsest, it contains parts of the seven different literary works. They are written in several types of uncial script. The oldest text is from the 5th century, the youngest from the 10th century.
Palimpsest.
The manuscript in some parts is a double palimpsest, with the biblical text having been overwritten twice, resulting in it being very difficult to read. The upper and youngest text contains "Homilies" of Gregory of Nazianzus from the 10th century, on 316 parchment leaves. The size of the single leaves is 23.5 by 22 cm.
The leaves 254-292 contain a Gospel lectionary of the 7th/8th century, written in uncial letters in a single column, 14 lines per page. Bernard de Montfaucon and Angelo Mai saw the manuscript, but Pierre Batiffol examined it in more detail. Gregory classified it as lectionary 559b on his list of the New Testament manuscripts.
At present it is classified under the number ℓ 2321 on the Gregory-Aland list.
The leaves 164, 169, 174, 175, 209, 214, 217 contain text of a Gospel lectionary from the 8th/9th century, written in square uncial letters, in two columns, 21 lines, size 28.5 by 22 cm. It was classified as lectionary 559a on the list of the New Testament lectionaries. Actually it is classified as ℓ 559 on the list Gregory-Aland. Gregory dated it to the 8th century.
The leaves 138-163, 165-168, 170, 173, 176-178, 203-208, 210-213, 215-220, 223-226, 228, 231-233 contain text of "Homilies" from the 9th century, size 25.5 by 17 cm, in leaned uncial letters, two columns per page, and 27 lines per page.
The leaves 234, 236, 238, 239, 241, 243, 245, contain text of "Homilies" (of unknown authorship), from the 6th century, written in square uncial letters, size 19.3 by 18.5 cm, in two columns, 22 lines per page.
The leaves 235, 237, 240, 243, 244, 246-249, 251-253, 310-315, contain text of "Geographica" of Strabon, the 6th century, written in leaned uncial letters, size 20.5 by 20.3, in three columns, 38 lines per page. The text was published by Giuseppe Cozza-Luzi in 1884.
The leaves 198, 199, 221, 222, 229, 230, 293-303, 305-308, contain text of the Acts, Catholic epistles, and Pauline epistles; they are designated as codex 048 on the list Gregory-Aland, α 1070 (von Soden). Scrivener designated it by Hebrew letter ב. It is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament on parchment, dated palaeographically to the 5th century.
Description of 048.
The codex contains the text of the Acts of Apostles, General epistles, and Pauline epistles, in a fragmentary condition. Only 21 parchment leaves – from original 316 – have survived. They constitute folios 198-199, 221-222, 229-230, 293-303, 305-308 of Vaticanus Graecus 2061. Size of the original pages was .
The surviving leaves contain texts (according to Nestle-Aland 26th):
Acts 26:6-27:4, 28:3-31; James 4:14-5:20; 1 Peter 1:1-12; 2 Peter 2:4-8, 2:13-3:15; 1 John 4:6-5:13, 5:17-18, 5:21; 2 John; 3 John; Romans 13:4-15:9; 1 Corinthians 2:1-3:11, 3:22, 4:4-6, 5:5-11, 6:3-11, 12:23-15:17, 15:20-27; 2 Corinthians 4:7-6:8, 8:9-18, 8:21-10:6; Ephesians 5:8-end; Philippians 1:8-23, 2:1-4, 2:6-8; Col. 1:2-2:8, 2:11-14, 22-23, 3:7-8, 3:12-4:18; 1 Thessalonians 1:1, 5-6, 1 Timothy 5:6-6:17, 6:20-21, 2 Timothy 1:4-6, 1:8, 2:2-25; Titus 3:13-end; Philemon; Hebrews 11:32-13:4.
The other sources give slightly different contents, because in some parts the manuscript is illegible (according to Batiffol and Gregory the folio 221 of the codex contains text of Acts 26:4-27:10).
Actual order of books: Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, and Pauline epistles (Hebrews after Philemon); but this is not sure. The original order could be different. The titles of biblical books are short, e.g.: Προς Θεσσαλονικεις α, Ιωαννου β.
The text is written in three columns per page, 40-41 lines per page, 12-15 letters per line. The letters are square and round. The initial letters are not much bigger and they are not written at the margin before the column. It has not breathings and accents, also there is no diaeresis, over the letters ι and υ, usually used in other manuscripts frequently. It lacks the Euthalian Apparatus, and this is evidence for the early dating of the manuscript. Only in some places are given marks for liturgical readings.
The manuscript is one of the very few New Testament manuscripts to be written with three columns per page. The other two Greek codices written in that way are Codex Vaticanus (Uncial B/03) and Uncial 053. The trilingual minuscule codex 460 is, naturally, also in three columns (one per language).
The nomina sacra are written in an abbreviated way (ΘΣ, ΙΣ, ΧΣ, ΠΝΑ, etc.). The words written at the end of line are also abbreviated. At the margin to Romans 15:1 is written Κ Ζ ΜΕΤΑ Τ Π, it means "The seventh Sunday after the Pentecost". In the Byzantine Synaxarion the lesson of Romans 15:1-7 is red in this Sunday.
Text of 048.
The Greek text of this codex is not clearly identified, but the Alexandrian element is stronger than the Byzantine, with some the Western readings. Hermann von Soden did not classify it at all. According to Frederic G. Kenyon its text is close to the Codex Alexandrinus. 
Kurt Aland placed it in Category II, but this assessment was based on only 44 readings in Pauline epistles. In 1 Timothy – Philemon it has the Western text-type.
In Acts 26:6 it reads εις ("to") for προς ("toward");
In Acts 26:14 it reads λεγουσαν προς με for λαλουσαν προς με;
In Acts 26:15 it reads Ιησους ο Ναζωραιος for Ιησους; the reading of the codex is supported by minuscule 6, 104, 614, 1175, Codex Gigas, some manuscripts of Vulgate, syrp.h;
In Acts 26:28 it reads ποιησαι for γενεσθαι; the reading is supported by Papyrus 74, Sinaiticus, Alexandrinus, Vaticanus, 33, 81, 1175 and several other manuscripts;
In Acts 28:14 it reads παρ for επ;
In Acts 28:16 it reads επετραπη τω Παυλω; majority of manuscripts reads for ο εκατονταρχος παρεδωκεν τους δεσμιους τω στρατοπεδαρχω, το δε Παυλω επετραπη;
In Acts 28:23 it reads ηλθον for ηκον;
In Acts 28:29 it does not have reading of majority και ταυτα αυτου ειποντος απηλθον οι Ιουδαιοι πολλην εχοντης εν εαυτοις συζητησιν ("And when he had said these words, the Jews departed and had a great dispute among themselves"); the omission is supported by a manuscripts Papyrus 74, Codex Sinaiticus, Alexandrinus, Vaticanus, Codex Laudianus, Codex Athous Lavrensis, 33, 81, 1175, 1739, 2464;
In Romans 13:9 it has additional phrase ου ψευδομαρτυρησεις, the reading is supported by the manuscripts: א (P) 81 104 365 1506 a b vgcl (syrh) copbo
In Romans 14:3 it reads ο δε along with Alexandrian manuscripts, the majority reads και ο;
In Romans 14:4 it reads θεος along with Byzantine manuscripts, the Alexandrian manuscripts (א A B C P Ψ) read κυριος;
In Romans 14:10 it reads Χριστου along with Ψ, Uncial 0209, and the Byzantine manuscripts; the Alexandrian and Western manuscripts (א A B C D F G 630 1506 1739) read θεου;
In Romans 14:21 it lacks reading of the Byzantine text η σκανδαλιζεται η ασθενει;
In Romans 15:2 it reads υμων for ημων;
In Romans 15:4 it supports the Byzantine reading προεγραφη, the Alexandrian and Western manuscripts read εγραφη;
In Romans 15:5 it reads Ιησουν Χριστον; B, D, G, Ψ, and the majority of manuscripts read Χριστον Ιησουν;
In Romans 15:7 it reads και ο Χριστος προσελαβετο ημας εις δοξαν του θεου for και ο Χριστος προσελαβετο υμας εις δοξαν του θεου; the reading is supported by Codex Vaticanus, Codex Claromontanus, Codex Porphyrianus, 104, 614, 629, 1506, copsa.
In Romans 15:8 it reads γεγενησθαι along with Sinaiticus, Alexandrinus, and the Byzantine manuscripts; B C D F G Ψ 630 1739 1881 read γενεσθαι;
In 1 Corinthians 3:4 it reads ουκ ανθρωποι along with Papyrus 46, Sinaiticus, Alexandrinus, Vaticanus, Ephraemi, 33, 81, 1175, 1506, 1739, 1881; Sinaiticus², Ψ, and the Byzantine manuscripts read ουχι σαρκικοι; D F G 629 read ουχι ανθρωποι;
In 1 Corinthians 15:7 it reads επειτα for ειτα, the reading is supported by p46, Sinaiticus, Alexandrinus, F, G, K, 0243, 33, 81, 614, 630, 1175, 1739, 1881;
In 2 Corinthians 12:4 it reads λεγω ("I speak") for λεγωμεν ("we speak"), along with the manuscript Papyrus 46, Ephraemi, Claromontanus, F, G.
History.
Scrivener and Gregory dated the manuscript to the 5th century.
Formerly it was held in the monastery of St. Mary of Patirium, a suburb of Rossano in Calabria, whence it was taken about the end of the 17th century to the Vatican. Here it was rediscovered by Pierre Batiffol in 1887.
The manuscript was examined by Bernard de Montfaucon; Vitaliano Donati examined it for Giuseppe Bianchini. Cardinal Angelo Mai noticed this manuscript and used it in Prolegomena of his edition of Codex Vaticanus Graecus 1209.
According to Gregory it is an important palimpsest of the New Testament. The codex was cited in Novum Testamentum Graece of Nestle-Aland (27th edition).
The codex now is located in the Vatican Library (Gr. 2061).

</doc>
<doc id="18482373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482373" title="René Mallieux">
René Mallieux

René Mallieux (born 15 November 1906, date of death unknown) was a Belgian field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Liège.
Mallieux was a member of the Belgian field hockey team which finished fourth in the 1928 Olympic tournament. He played two matches as forward.

</doc>
<doc id="18482383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482383" title="Ke Qingshi">
Ke Qingshi

Ke Qingshi (Chinese: 柯庆施; 1902 – April 9, 1965) was a senior leader of the Communist Party of China in 1950s and 1960s. 
Born in She County, Anhui Province, Ke joined Chinese Socialist Youth League in 1920, and the Communist Party of China in 1922. 
After the establishment of the People's Republic of China, Ke served as the secretary of CPC Nanjing municipal committee, the mayor of Nanjing, a member of East China Military and Political Commission, Party chief of Jiangsu, first secretary of CPC Shanghai committee, mayor of Shanghai, the first political commissioner of Nanjing Military Region, first secretary of CPC East China Bureau, and vice premier of the State Council. Ke was a member of 8th CPC politburo. 
On April 9, 1965, Ke died in Chengdu.

</doc>
<doc id="18482391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482391" title="Pu Hua">
Pu Hua

Pú Huá (P'u Hua, traditional: 蒲華, simplified: 蒲华); ca. 1834-1911 was a Chinese landscape painter and calligrapher during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912).
Information.
Pu was born in Jiaxing in the Zhejiang province. His style name was 'Zuo Ying'. Pu painted landscapes and ink bamboo in an unconventional style of free and easy brush strokes.

</doc>
<doc id="18482424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482424" title="Yersiniops">
Yersiniops

Yersiniops is a genus of praying mantises native to the Americas and represented by species such as:
Two species, "Y. solitaria" and "Y. sophronica", can be found in the United States. 

</doc>
<doc id="18482426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482426" title="Werthner">
Werthner

Werther is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18482430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482430" title="Bourdieu v. Pacific Western Oil Co.">
Bourdieu v. Pacific Western Oil Co.

Bourdieu v. Pacific Western Oil Co., 299 U.S. 65 (1936), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which held that an inquiry into indispensability would be unnecessary where the complaint did not state a cause of action.

</doc>
<doc id="18482434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482434" title="Fleuron (architectural)">
Fleuron (architectural)

A fleuron in architecture may have a number of meanings. It is a collective noun for the ornamental termination at the ridge of a roof such as a crop, finial or épi. It is also a form of stylised late gothic decoration in the form of a four-leafed square, often seen on crockets and cavetto mouldings. It can be the ornament in the middle of each concave face of a Corinthian abacus. Finally it can be a form of Anthemion, the decorative Greek floral decoration.

</doc>
<doc id="18482450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482450" title="Veterans Songs">
Veterans Songs

Veterans Songs is the first studio album by the American Indian drum group Lakota Thunder. Recorded in Bismarck, North Dakota, Veterans Songs is meant to "honor warriors from the past to the present." The liner notes include a quote from Sitting Bull: "I was never the aggressor, I only fought to protect the children."

</doc>
<doc id="18482455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482455" title="Andrés Díaz (cellist)">
Andrés Díaz (cellist)

Andrés Díaz (born 1964) is cellist and winner the First Prize in the 1986 Naumburg International Cello Competition. His numerous orchestral appearances include engagements with the Atlanta Symphony, performances with the American Symphony at Carnegie Hall, the symphony orchestras of Milwaukee, Seattle, Rochester, the Boston Pops and Esplanade Orchestras, the Chicago Symphony at the Ravinia Festival and the National Symphony Orchestra. Among the highlights of Díaz's recent seasons are tours of Taiwan, Hong Kong, Korea, Japan, Hawaii and Canada and appearances in Chile, Venezuela, Argentina, and the Dominican Republic. He has also appeared with Russia's Saratov Symphony and toured in New Zealand with the New Zealand Chamber Orchestra. Currently, he is Associate Professor at Southern Methodist University. He is married to Julie Diaz and hs two sons Peter and Gabriel

</doc>
<doc id="18482483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482483" title="Corneille Wellens">
Corneille Wellens

Corneille "Cornelis" Wellens (born 14 July 1905, date of death unknown) was a Belgian field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was a member of the Belgian field hockey team which finished fourth in the 1928 Olympic tournament. He played all five matches as back.
Eight years later he was part of the Belgian team which was eliminated in the first round of the 1936 Olympic tournament. He played all three matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18482486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482486" title="Unforgiven (Tim Hardin album)">
Unforgiven (Tim Hardin album)

Unforgiven is the album folk artist Tim Hardin was recording in 1980 but failed to complete due to his death of a drug overdose.
Portions of the album are incomplete studio tracks with vocals. Other songs are from home cassette demos recorded by Hardin prior to his death.
The original version of "Judge and Jury" was his last single, released in 1973 in England only.

</doc>
<doc id="18482489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482489" title="Absorption edge">
Absorption edge

An absorption edge, absorption discontinuity or absorption limit is a sharp discontinuity in the absorption spectrum of a substance. These discontinuities occur at wavelengths where the energy of an absorbed photon corresponds to an electronic transition or ionization potential. When the quantum energy of the incident radiation becomes smaller than the work required to eject an electron from one or other quantum states in the constituent absorbing atom the incident radiation ceases to be absorbed by that state. For example, incident radiation on an atom of a wavelength that has a corresponding energy just below the binding energy of the K shell electron in that atom cannot eject the K shell electron.

</doc>
<doc id="18482492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482492" title="Outline of United States history">
Outline of United States history

The following outline provides an overview and topical guide to the history of the United States.
By period.
Named eras and periods.
These multi-year periods are commonly identified in American history. The existence and dating of some of these periods is debated by historians.
See List of wars involving the United States.
By subject.
History books.
Books on the history of the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18482502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482502" title="Nikolay Likhachyov">
Nikolay Likhachyov

Nikolay Petrovich Likhachyov (), alternatively transliterated as Likhachev (12 April 1862 – 14 April 1936) was the first and foremost Russian sigillographer (that is, an expert on seals) who also contributed significantly to an array of auxiliary historical disciplines, including palaeography, epigraphy, diplomatics, genealogy, and numismatics. He was elected a member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR in 1925 and was put in charge of the Archaeographic Commission in 1929.
Scholarly career.
A scion of an old noble family, Likhachev was born in Chistopol, a town in the Kazan Governorate. Among his paternal uncles, Ivan Likhachyov was an admiral and Andrey Likhachyov was an avid antiquarian whose collections formed the core of the Kazan City Museum. 
Nikolay Likhachyov graduated from the Kazan University in 1884 and joined the staff of the Saint Petersburg Archaeological Institute in 1892. His early work shed light on the hierarchy of 16th-century Muscovite clerks, or diaks. His doctor's dissertation was on the subject of Muscovite pulp manufacture and paper mills.
In 1902-14 Likhachyov filled the office of Assistant Director of the Imperial Public Library in St. Peterbsurg. During these years he brought to light a wealth of medieval papers, as well as many valuable materials concerning coins, watermarks, and hierarchy of medieval Russia. Together with Prince Aleksey Lobanov-Rostovsky he founded (in 1897) the Russian Genealogical Society.
He developed an early interest in medieval icon painting and produced several pioneering studies on the subject, including "Materials for a History of Russian Icon Painting" (1906, vol. 1-2), "Andrei Rublev's Style of Painting" (1907), and "Historical Meaning of Italo-Greek Icon Painting" (1911). The latter was awarded a Gold Uvarov Prize by the Academy of Sciences.
He died at Leningrad in 1936.
Likhachyov collections.
Likachyov's political views were decidedly nationalistic. In 1911 he joined Aleksey Suvorin and Nikodim Kondakov in founding the Russian Assembly, the country's first monarchist party which later became associated with the Black Hundreds.
Likhachyov's proximity to the right wing of the tsarist government, as well as his own considerable fortune and unfailing taste, helped him to amass one of the largest collections of antiquities in the Russian Empire. It encompassed 15,000 old coins and 1,500 icons, as wells as some 80,000 books, including a selection of manuscripts and incunabulae. His collection of Byzantine and early Russian seals was by far the largest in the world.
The fate of Likhachyov's collections was variable. In 1913, Nicholas II bought his holdings of icons on behalf of the Alexander III Museum. In an attempt to save the remaining collections from dispersal in the days of the Russian Revolution, Likhachev conveyed them to the Academy of Sciences, which allowed them to be set up as the Palaeography Museum, of which Likhachev served as director in 1925-1930. His own mansion was given over to the Archaeographic Commission and currently houses its successor, the Russian History Institute.
It was in 1930 that Likhachyov, Sergey Platonov, Yevgeny Tarle and several other prominent historians were arrested in connection with the Industrial Party Trial. Likhachev was thrown out of the academy and exiled to Astrakhan, while his remaining personal collections were nationalized. The Likhachev collection of cuneiform tablets from Ur and Lagash, for instance, is currently divided between the Pushkin Museum and the Hermitage Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18482504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482504" title="Substance over form">
Substance over form

Substance over form is an accounting principle used "to ensure that financial statements give a complete, relevant, and accurate picture of transactions and events". If an entity practices the 'substance over form' concept, then the financial statements will show the overall financial reality of the entity (economic substance), rather than the legal form of transactions (form).
In accounting for business transactions and other events, the measurement and reporting is for the economic impact of an event, instead of its legal form. Substance over form is critical for reliable financial reporting. It is particularly relevant in cases of revenue recognition, sale and purchase agreements, etc.
Examples.
A lease might not transfer ownership of the leased property to the lessee. In some circumstances, the lessee might nevertheless be required to record the leased item as an asset if the lessee intends to use the asset for a major portion of its useful life, or where the present value of the future lease payments is nearly equal to the fair value of the asset. Although the lessee is not the owner, the lessee may be required to record the asset as being owned by the lessee based on the underlying economic reality.
Another example is the situation where a company short of cash sells its machinery to the bank and then leases the same property from the bank. This arrangement is called "sale and leaseback". Although the legal ownership has been transferred to the bank, the underlying economic reality for the company remain the same. Under the substance-over-form principle, the sale and subsequent leaseback are considered one transaction.
Similarly, if two companies swap their inventories, then they will not be allowed to record sales because in substance no sales have occurred, even if they have entered into valid enforceable contracts.

</doc>
<doc id="18482518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482518" title="List of awards and nominations received by Linkin Park">
List of awards and nominations received by Linkin Park

Linkin Park is an American rock band from Agoura Hills, California. Originally consisting of three high school friends, Linkin Park’s foundation was anchored by Mike Shinoda and Brad Delson along with Rob Bourdon. After graduating from high school, the California natives began to take their musical interests more seriously, recruiting Joe Hahn, Dave "Phoenix" Farrell, and Mark Wakefield to perform in their band then titled Xero. Though limited in resources, the band began recording and producing songs within Shinoda’s makeshift bedroom studio in 1996. After they failed to land a record deal, however, tensions and frustration within the band grew, and the lack of success and stalemate in progress prompted Wakefield, at that time the band's vocalist, to leave the band in search for other projects.
Linkin Park released its debut album "Hybrid Theory" on October 24, 2000. In 2002, the band won a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance. Linkin Park's second album "Meteora" sold more than 800,000 copies during its first week, and it ranked as the best selling album on the "Billboard" charts at the time. "Breaking the Habit", a single from the album, won an MTV Asia Award. "Somewhere I Belong", also on "Meteora", won a MTV Video Music Award. After the success of "Meteora", the band postponed working on a new studio album for several years. Linkin Park continued to tour and work on side projects; during the same period, Bennington appeared on DJ Lethal’s "State of the Art" and worked with Dead By Sunrise, while Shinoda worked with Depeche Mode. In 2004, the band worked with Jay-Z to produce an album entitled "Collision Course"; "Numb/Encore", a single from the album, won a Grammy Award the next year. Linkin Park's next album "Minutes To Midnight" was released in 2007 despite initially stating the album would debut in 2006. The album was nominated for a TMF Award in 2007, while "What I've Done", a single from the album, was nominated for an MTV Video Music Award. Linkin Park has recently won in the Favourite International Artist of Asia category at the 2008 MTV Asia Awards. Overall, Linkin Park has received a total of 60 awards from 173 nominations. Their next album was "A Thousand Suns" released in 2010 and the fifth album "Living Things" was released in June, 2012.
Aside to their contribution to music, Linkin Park in 2011 was awarded a Global Leadership Award by the United Nations Foundation/United Nations Association of the United States of America.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards are awarded for outstanding achievements in the record industry. Linkin Park has received five awards from nine nominations.
Billboard Music Awards.
The Billboard Music Awards, sponsored by "Billboard" magazine was one of several annual United States music awards shows. Linkin Park were nominated for six awards in the 2011 ceremony.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Linkin Park has received two awards from six nominations.
MTV Awards.
MTV Europe Music Awards.
The MTV Europe Music Awards were established in 1994 by MTV Europe to celebrate the most popular music videos in Europe. Linkin Park has received nine awards from twenty nominations.
MTV Video Music Brazil.
The MTV Video Music Brazil (VMB) are MTV Brazil's annual award ceremony, established in 1995. Linkin Park has received three awards from four nominations, thus being the biggest non-Brazilian winner of the award
MTV Asia Awards.
The MTV Asia Awards is an annual Asian awards ceremony established in 2002 by the MTV television network. Linkin Park has received six awards from eight nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards were established in 1984 by MTV to celebrate the top music videos of the year. Linkin Park has received four awards from seventeen nominations.
MTV Video Music Awards Japan.
The MTV Video Music Awards Japan are the Japanese version of the MTV Video Music Awards that started in 2002 after braching out from the MTV Asia Awards.
Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica.
Los Premios MTV Latinoamérica the Latin American version of the Video Music Awards. They were established in 2002 to celebrate the top music videos of the year in Latin America and the world.
MTV Fan Music Awards.
The MTV Fan Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 2011 by the MTV television network. Linkin Park has received two nominations in 2011.
mtvU Woodie Awards.
The mtvU Woodie Awards is an annual awards show sponsored by mtvU, a division of MTV Networks. Linkin Park has received two nominations.
MTV Game Awards.
The MTV Game Awards is an award given by the music channel MTV for video games. The nominations are selected by a jury consisting of established journalists and professional video game players.
O Music Awards.
The O Music Awards are one of the major annual awards established by MTV to honor the art, creativity, personality and technology of music into the digital space. Linkin Park has received one award in 2013.
Echo Awards.
The Echo Awards is a German music award event which is held annually. Each year's winner is determined by the previous year's sales, Linkin Park has received four awards from nine nominations.
Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards.
The Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards is an annual awards show established in 1988 by Nickelodeon. Linkin Park has received three nominations.
MuchMusic Video Awards.
The MuchMusic Video Awards awards is an annual award show which is broadcast live on Much Music. Linkin Park has received two awards from two nominations.
International Dance Music Awards.
The International Dance Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony held by the Winter Music Conference to recognize the achievement of dance artists, producers, DJ's, radio stations and record labels. Linkin Park received three nominations.
People's Choice Awards.
The Peoples Choice Awards is an annual award show on Pop culture on Movies, TV, and Music. Linkin Park received four nominations.
Radio Music Awards.
The Radio Music Awards is an annuel award show honoring the best music in radio. Linkin Park received two awards from three nominations.
Kerrang! Awards.
The Kerrang! Awards is an annual awards ceremony held by "Kerrang!", a British rock magazine. Linkin Park has won three awards from eight nominations.
Planeta Awards.
The Planeta Awards is an annual Peruvian awards ceremony established by Radio Planeta. Linkin Park has received two awards from six nominations.
Spike TV Awards.
Spike Guys' Choice Awards.
The Spike Guys' Choice Awards is an awards show produced by the Viacom cable channel Spike and held since 2007. It is patterned after Viacom's MTV Movie Awards. The winners are chosen based on voting by fans and viewers of the channel. Linkin Park has received one award from one nomination.
Spike Video Game Awards.
The Spike Video Game Awards (VGA) is an annual award show hosted by Spike TV that recognizes the best computer and video games of the year. Linkin Park has received one nomination.
TMF Awards.
The TMF Awards are an annual television awards show broadcast live on TMF (The Music Factory) in Belgium, the Netherlands, and the UK, Linkin Park has received two nominations in 2007.
NRJ Music Awards.
The NRJ Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony held in Cannes, France for popular musicians by various categories. Linkin Park has received one nomination.
Scream Awards.
The Scream Awards is an award show dedicated to the (horror), (sci-fi), and (fantasy) genres of feature films.
World Music Awards.
The international World Music Awards honors recording artists based on worldwide sales figures provided by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry. Linkin Park has received three awards from eleven nominations.
Teen Choice Awards.
The Teen Choice Awards is an annual awards show first aired in 1999 by Fox Broadcasting Company. Linkin Park received seven nominations and one pending.
Rockbjörnen Award.
Rockbjörnen is a music prize in Sweden, divided into several categories, which is awarded annually by the newspaper Aftonbladet. Linkin Park has received two awards from two nominations.
BRIT Awards.
The BRIT Awards are the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards. Linkin Park have received one nomination.
Billboard Decade-End.
Linkin Park has appeared on several "Billboard" Decade-End Charts. Linkin Park was ranked number 19 on "Billboard"'s 100 Best Artists of the Decade. This made Linkin Park the fifth best performing group and third best performing rock artist (behind Nickelback and Creed). Linkin Park ended the decade as the third best selling artist (behind Eminem and Britney Spears).
The band topped the decade as the Top Mainstream Rock Tracks Artist and Top Modern Rock Tracks Artist, making them the most successful rock group of the decade having accumulated over thirteen #1 hits and a total of 84 weeks at the top of both charts. Linkin Park achieved eight and four Mainstream Rock and Modern Rock Top Tracks of the decade, respectively (more than any other artist). The band was the fifth best performing artist on the Billboard 200 this decade with three #1 albums (five Top 5 albums), becoming the best charting group and rock artist of the decade on the chart. The band achieved three Top Billboard 200 albums this decade ("Collision Course", "Meteora", "Minutes To Midnight").
!width="35"| Year
!width="200"| Charted Work
!width="220"| Decade-End Chart
!width="50"| Rank

</doc>
<doc id="18482522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482522" title="Johnsonville, Victoria">
Johnsonville, Victoria

Johnsonville is a town in the East Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia. It is located on the Princes Highway 18.9 km east from the city of Bairnsdale and 18.3 km west from the tourist resort and fishing port of Lakes Entrance. The town encompasses an area of approximately 5,617 hectares, 56 square kilometres or 13,879 acres.
Johnsonville forms one of the 224 cities, towns, villages and localities included within the scope of the East Gippsland Shire directive. The local member for the East Gippsland Region is Tim Bull. At the 2006 census, Johnsonville had a population of 586.
History.
The original inhabitants of the land were the Indigenous Australians, in particular the Gunai people who inhabited the region as far east as the Snowy River. The township got its name from John Johnson, a man of Scandinavian origins, who purchased the nearby Swan Reach run in 1857 which also encompassed Johnsonville and surrounding areas. Johnson was a popular public figure of his time, serving three years as the member for Gippsland in the Legislative Assembly. 
He had previously owned Mewburn Park located near Maffra, which is incidentally linked to the famous Tichborne case. Arthur Orton had answered Johnson's advertisement early in 1855 calling for splitters, fence riders and stock-riders on his Mewburn Park station. Johnson's agents subsequently signed Aurthur up as a stockrider after he shipped out aboard Johnson's "Eclipse" from Van Diemen's Land. 
Previous to Johnson's claim upon the land Octavius Batten Sparkes occupied 16,000 acres and drove 4,000 sheep.
Early settlers in the vicinity included the Howlett’s, Dalhsens, Roadknight’s and many others.
The onslaught of selection in the 1860's seen an end to the pastoral era and the aptly named ‘Squatter Kingdoms’. Fences were erected and small land owners took control. However, following the Victorian gold rush the Duffy Act in 1862 made small freehold selection possible. The selection of parts of the Swan Reach run which form the Johnsonville area took place around 1870.
Deriving its name from the punts that used to operate along the river carrying supplies in the late 1800's and the early 20th century and leading from the Princes Highway, is Punt Road, which is the town’s auxiliary byway that leads directly to the banks of the Tambo River. The road physically ends at the river but its name extends across the water and finishes where it intercepts Metung road. The first punt service along the river was established in 1877 by Frederick Smith and in 1886 was taken over by the Tambo Shire. 
Nearly two decades prior, on April 13 1858, Malcolm Cambell made the first and historically significant crossing of the Lakes Entrance with the 70 tonne "Georgiana Smith". Shortly afterwards he took the boat up the Tambo River. 
Another boat called the "Lady Darling" was constructed at McArdell’s sawmills. It was a 245 tonne three mastered schooner and was launched on the Tambo River with the intention of it being sailed to Melbourne. Due to an inexperienced crew the vessel became beached and later rescued at substantial cost. 
In the 1880s the traffic along the river increased, and in 1886 David Munro and Co. used timber barges to carry milled logs down from Upper Tambo to Johnsonville or, as it was known then, Lower Tambo. This small inland port formed one of five busy wharves along the length of the river.
Around the 1880s the areas main produce came in the form of farming and crops included wheat, oats, potatoes, barley, maize and hops. The Hop Kilns that serviced the area are still standing at Mossiface on the flats of the Tambo River and adjacent to the East Gippsland Rail Trail. The nearby township of Bruthen was the centre of one of Australia's leading tobacco growing areas with Charles Seehusen being the innovator of this crop. 
In 1878 a track was cleared from the Nicholson Punt to Foley’s selection at Johnsonville, giving access Bairnsdale. That same year Henry Howlett commenced marking and clearing a road from Swan Reach to Lakes Entrance, but it wasn’t until the early 1880s that locals in the area actually made use of it. Edward Foley set up coach service and also established the first mail run from Bairnsdale to Lakes entrance using Packhorses.
Following on from the industrial activity the mid-1880s saw the township at Johnsonville established. Early maps show that the original location for the town was set to be about 1 mile west of its current location, but possibly owing to the fact to its having grown from the original river settlement down Punt Road, the township centred there.
In 1892 Johsonville saw the first congregational church established in the East Gippsland region. It has been assigned the Parish number 5400 by the Victorian Department of Crown Lands and Survey. The Johnsonville Post Office opened on 16 September 1886 with a Mr. John Smith as the postmaster.
One of the first businesses to be founded was a large Coach building, Blacksmith and Wheelwright establishment owned by William Froud. In 1934 the Blacksmith business was converted to the general store with a bake house at the rear.
War effort.
Historical records show nine Anzacs that were born in Johnsonville and that served in the Australian Imperial Force. These include George Charles Batten, John Francis Batten, Frederick Elijah Burt, Jack Ledan Burt, Douglas William Hepburn, Charles Victor Kilmartin, James Leslie Smith, William Francis Stephenson and Frank Stanley Wills.
Tambo River.
Beginning in the Eastern Highlands, which is one of the three major landforms in Australia, the other two being the Central Lowlands and the Western Plateau, the Tambo River osculates with Johnsonville at approximately 5km from its mouth. The Tambo River is just one of seven rivers that flow into the lakes, marshes and lagoons of the Gippsland Lakes system. The other rivers include Latrobe, Avon, Nicholson, Mitchell, Macalister and Thomson rivers. The river flows south and stretches 186km which makes it only second in length to the Latrobe at 270km. The mouth of the Tambo River is a tidal estuarine system with a salt wedge that extends 3 km up the river from Lake King
Johnsonville is considered part of the 'twin rivers' of the Tambo and Nicholson Rivers. In 1856 it would appear that the nomenclature of the river was in dispute given that Pawel Strzelecki named the Tambo River as it is now known - The Thompson, after Sir Edward Deas Thompson who was Colonial Secretary of New South Wales.
Recreation.
Johnsonville is a highly tourist-based area that hosts the Twin Rivers Bream Classic - an annual fishing event. Despite the naming of the event other fish species inhabit the Tambo River system, these include; Bass, Mullet, Flathead, Garfish, Perch, Eels, Brown-trout and the introduced and much maligned Common carp.
The range of baits used by recreational fishermen includes mussels, sandworm, white pilchards, blue sprats, crabs, prawns, pipis and soft plastics. A Recreational Fishing Licence (RFL) is compulsory unless you are exempt and covers, all forms of recreational fishing in all of Victoria's marine, estuarine and freshwaters. 
Hydrology.
In 2004 a large research project was set up to investigate the movement patterns of Black Bream throughout the Gippsland Lakes system. The study showed that the fish swam up and down the Tambo River almost daily and frequently entered the Lakes.
Following the Alpine fires in 2003 that burnt over a million hectares in Eastern Victoria including parts of the Tambo River, a study was conducted by the Monash School of Chemistry to investigate changes in hydrology within the river system and further develop the understanding of how bushfire contaminates affect water-bodies. The mouth of the river was cited as a source of aggregation for the bushfire sediments and ash. Carbon particles were detected in sediment samples taken at the River’s mouth.
The Third Index of Stream Condition report prepared by the Department of Environment and Primary industries found that within individual catchments, 73% of stream length in the Far East Gippsland basin was in excellent condition and there were no streams in poor or very poor condition in either the Tambo or Far East Gippsland basins. Since 1997 The Tambo River and others in East Gippsland have been the responsibility of the East Gippsland Catchment Management Authority and the Lower Tambo Landcare Group.
Water supply.
Sarsfield Storage Basin is a 160 ML earthen, rock beached storage. Water harvested from the Mitchell River at Glenaladale is transferred to this storage and used to supply the townships of Sarsfield, Bruthen, Nicholson, Johnsonville, Swan Reach, Metung, and Lakes Entrance. The water is disinfected using chlorine gas at the outlet of the storage.
East Gippsland Water's service area spans 21,000 square kilometers and services more than 24,800 customers along nine separate water supply systems. It extends east from Lindenow, through to the region's capital Bairnsdale, the holiday centres of Paynesville and Lakes Entrance, and on to the wilderness coast and Mallacoota near the New South Wales border. The drinking water for these communities is drawn at a rate of up to 350 litres per second (35 megalitres a day), and pumped into storage at Woodglen 2.5 km away. This is the initial storage point for all water supplied to the Mitchell system customers.
Approximately 95 per cent of all the recycled water produced by Bairnsdale Wastewater Treatment Plant each year is used to help sustain and protect the biodiversity of the internationally significant Macleod Morass near Bairnsdale and Tambo Bay Wetlands on the basin of the Tambo River.
Incidentally, East Gippsland Water is one of the best performing water corporations in Victoria when it comes to recycling water, achieving a reuse level of 99% from its wastewater treatment plants and often reaching 100%.
Primary school.
Due to the number of children that were present within the growing community the need for a school was becoming a pressing matter. A hall was built by the locals in 1886 on land donated by Mr. Frederick Smith with a view for it to be predominately a learning facility.
However, prior to this on 23 October 1884 a petition was forwarded to the Educational Department by the residents of Bumberrah requesting the establishment of a school at Lower Tambo Punt. By October 1885 no action had been taken and a deputation signed by local residents was passed to the Minster of Public Instruction.
With requests evidently denied or ignored the residents were proactive and constructed a building measuring 30 feet by 16 feet and made written requests to the Educational Department for the fitment of furniture and a teacher.
The school commenced operating on 17 July 1886 with Emily Moffat as the head teacher overseeing the education of some 30 children; by 1889 the number of students grew to 53. Conversely a significant drop in attendance took place in 1891 owing to a river punt being temporarily out of service.
Through a set of convoluted and tedious circumstances that were predominately headed by outbreaks of whooping cough and measles resulting from an apparent case of Sick building syndrome as a consequence of the general disrepair of the community-built school structure, as well as the depression of the 1890s and red tape in dealing with the parties responsible for school maintenance; a new building to accommodate 60 students was finally constructed in 1900 by McKnockier Brothers at the cost of £278.
The teacher’s residence was acquired in 1952 and to this day still sits adjacent to the fire station. Over the years the school underwent many structural changes. In 1984 the building was again in need of maintenance. As a result in the following year the school received a new two part modular building that was located at the rear of the block behind the original building.
The school celebrated its centenary in 1986 and was attended by the then Minister for Education Ian Cathie. A time capsule containing art work and essays by the students at that time was buried on the school grounds. It’s scheduled to be opened in the year 2036.
112 years after its opening, 1998 saw the school shut down due to dwindling student numbers and no sign of enrolments for the following year. The large oak trees that were iconic to the school still sit on the property, which has now become a private residence. Most of the infrastructure was disseminated to other schools in the district. The original school building was moved to Lakes Entrance in 2000 and now houses The Lakes Entrance Regional Historical Society
A few known notable associations with the school include former pupil Lesley I. Oldfield (née Martin), who was mayor of Alice Springs from 1983 to 1992. And Mr. W. Armstrong, who was head teacher from 1907 to 1914, played in a Victorian country team against the touring English team of that time.
Local business.
Given that the township is relatively small, there a few business’s located in the immediate area. The general store and the petrol station are among the original establishments of the town and are still in operation but over the years there has been demand for tourism based operations, as well as orchards and a large boat storage facility.
Caravan park.
The Lealow caravan park that is situated on the Tambo River was initially farm land. It was originally owned by a Mr. George Frazer who run a sawmilling operation from that location, and then in 1905 he started a boat repair works and employed Captain Jimmy McCallum as a shipwright.
He constructed five small vessels, giving them names "Storm Bird", "War Hawk", "Warratah", "Sea Bird", and in 1906 he built the "Bellbird", which was taken to New Zealand in 1907. Mr. Frazer eventually settled in New Zealand, and his farm was subsequently purchased by Mr. Augustine Clues, whose family still owns the property. 'Clues Road' that runs adjacent to the boat ramp is named after a Mr. Harry Clues.
Bream Lodge.
Bream Lodge was built in 1984 by Bill and Pauline Fitzgerald who run it until 1988. They had previously run a general store and Bakery in the nearby town of Bruthen in the early 1970s. Bream Lodge mainly catered to fishermen and angling clubs from as far away as New South Wales and Melbourne. The original layout consisted of five brick units, with one having to be partially rebuilt after a car ran through the front. Over the years it has since been extended to include detached buildings at the rear of the property, and the clientele has grown to include rowing teams from Melbourne who use it as a base while they train on the Tambo River at various points throughout the year.

</doc>
<doc id="18482536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482536" title="Kep District">
Kep District

Kep District () is a district (Khan) in the city of Kep, Cambodia. It is the smaller of the two districts of Kep city. The district is subdivided into 2 Sangkats and 5 Kroms. In the 1998 census, the population of the district was 10,319 persons in 2,000 households.
Subdivisions.
Kep District has two sangkat and five khum:

</doc>
<doc id="18482538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482538" title="Golden Rainbow">
Golden Rainbow

Golden Rainbow was the title of a Broadway musical that opened in 1968. It starred Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gormé for its entire run until it closed in early 1969. 
The previews for "Golden Rainbow" began at the Forrest Theatre in Philadelphia on November 28, 1967, moving to its new location in New York City at the Shubert Theatre on Broadway on December 27, 1967. The musical officially opened on February 4, 1968 at the Shubert, where it played until November 17, 1968. On November 19, 1968, its run resumed at the George Abbott Theatre on Broadway, where "Golden Rainbow" played until it closed on January 11, 1969.
The stars of "Golden Rainbow", Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gormé, were already well known from their extensive work in music, film and television during the 1950s and 1960s. The musical is perhaps best remembered for the song "I've Gotta Be Me", released as a single in the late 1960s by both Lawrence and Sammy Davis, Jr. (Davis's version reached #11 on the pop chart and #1 on the easy listening chart). The show concerns a man living in Las Vegas, Nevada and raising his son alone; his late wife's sister arrives and tries to bring stability to the boy's life, but unintentionally falls in love with her brother-in-law. 
Author William Goldman wrote a gossipy and unflattering chapter about "Golden Rainbow" in his book "The Season", which was written while the show was preparing for Broadway. The chapter, entitled "Washing Garbage," claimed that the material was weak to begin with and suffered from strenuous attempts to bring everything up to the level expected for a show starring the hugely popular Steve and Eydie.
The music and lyrics for "Golden Rainbow" were by Walter Marks; the book was by Ernest Kinoy; and the musical was based on the film adaptation (by screenwriter Arnold Schulman) of the play "A Hole in the Head". Although the musical did not win any Tony Awards, actor Scott Jacoby was nominated for Best Featured Actor in a Musical, and Robert Randolph was nominated for Best Scenic Design.

</doc>
<doc id="18482552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482552" title="HD 205765">
HD 205765

HD 205765 is a star in a double system.

</doc>
<doc id="18482555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482555" title="Surugatoxin">
Surugatoxin

Surugatoxin (SGTX) is a type of venom found in the mid-gut digestive gland of the Japanese ivory mollusk "Babylonia" "japonica", a carnivorous gastropod. It functions as a ganglionic blocker of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChRs). The structurally and functionally related neosurugatoxin, also derived from "Babylonia japonica", is an even more potent nAChR antagonist than SGTX.
SGTX is a colorless crystalline substance with the chemical formula C25H26BrN5O13 and a molecular weight of 684.4g/mol. Its systematic chemical name is [(2R,3S,5S,6S)-2,3,4,5,6-pentahydroxycyclohexyl] (6aS,7R,8R,9R)-6'-bromo-6a,9-dihydroxy-9-methyl-1,2',3,10-tetraoxo-spiro[4,5,6,7-tetrahydropyrido[1,2-f]pteridine-8,3'-indoline]-7-carboxylate. It is insoluble in organic solvents and has very low solubility in water.
The ganglionic blockade of nAChRs by SGTX is similar to that of IS-toxin, a structurally similar compound derived from the same mollusk, "Babylonia japonica".
Background and discovery.
A food poisoning outbreak of 26 cases in the Ganyudo area of Suruga Bay, Shizuoka Prefecture in Japan in September 1965 was traced to ingestion of the toxin surugatoxin (SGTX), named for Suruga Bay. SGTX is contained in the mid-gut digestive gland of the Japanese ivory mollusk, "Babylonia" "japonica", which is used as an ingredient in sushi and sashimi. The food-poisoning patients reported a variety of symptoms, including visual disorders, speech disorders, lazy eye amblyopia, pupil dilation (mydriasis), abdominal distention, dry mouth, numbness of lips, constipation, and vomiting.
The toxicity shellfish from the Suruga Bay area varied with time – the toxicity was only present during July through September, when temperatures sometimes reached 25°C and it rapidly declined after 1978, making the availability of surugatoxin and the related substances neosurugatoxin and prosurugatoxin unavailable for research. Kosuge and colleagues found that these toxins are actually the metabolized products of a marine bacterium that belongs to the Coryneform group. Toxicity is a result of bioaccumulation.
Behavioral and physiological effects.
A number of researchers have characterized the effect of surugatoxin on behavior and physiology in animal models
Mice.
SGTX causes disturbances in gait, suppression of spontaneous motility, and mydriasis in mice at intravenous (i.v.) dose levels of 0.5-1.0 mg/kg. At higher doses (20–40 mg/kg), intraperitoneal (i.p.) application of SGTX caused depression of respiratory movement and tremor.
Rats.
SGTX blocks orthodromic transmission, as evidenced by the fact that the synaptic potential is strongly depressed with application of the toxin and the block intensifies as stimulus frequency increases. This effect is slow to develop and is similar to another ganglionic nACHR antagonist, hexamethonium.
Cats.
SGTX causes depression of spontaneous movement, mydriasis, and relaxation of the nictitating membrane in cats at i.v. dose levels of 0.15-0.2 mg/kg. Further, it produces hypotension of 1–2 hours in duration that is not prevented by treatment with atropine or propranolol.
Humans.
Most clinical symptoms resulting from Babylonia japonica ingestion, as in the 1965 food-poisoning outbreak, seem to be mediated by ganglion-blockade of nicotinic ACh receptors at various sites; visual impairments and mydriasis due to ciliary ganglion blockade, dry mouth due to submaxillary and otic ganglion blockade, and constipation and abdominal distention due to intestinal intrinsic nerve blockade.
Pharmacology.
Surugatoxin is a specific, reversible, competitive antagonist of ganglionic nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nACHRs). Although a number of articles were published in the two decades following the discovery of SGTX in the mid-1960s, relatively little is known about the pharmacological properties of this toxin. Ascher and colleagues posit that ganglionic blockade by SGTX results from binding to the closed state of the channel-receptor complex, possibly to the receptor itself. It is 50-100 times more potent than hexamethonium, another ganglionic antagonist of nAChRs. Brown and colleagues found that the SGTX dissociation constants measured at equilibrium block in rats were 58nM and 76nM, as measured from the shift in depolarization produced by 0.2μM and 2 μM SGTX, respectively. Surugatoxin is listed on two U.S. patents, both for potential clinical treatments. U.S. Patent 7,468,188 proposes the use of locally-administered neurotoxins in the treatment of muscle injury and U.S. Patent 7,214,700 proposes the use of (2-Oxindol-3-ylidenyl) acetic acid derivatives as protein kinase inhibitors. Surugatoxin has not been demonstrated to be effective in either of these treatment proposals, but rather, is listed as a potentially relevant substance in these treatment plans.

</doc>
<doc id="18482568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482568" title="Thomas Wharton">
Thomas Wharton

Thomas Wharton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18482572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482572" title="Chaco Rally">
Chaco Rally

The Chaco Rally is a car competition of resistance. It is organized by stages and in different places and climates. 
History.
For the Trans-Chaco Rally, an event of great importance in the national sports, to start being organized in the country a lot of things had to happen, which make the success almost a legend.
Phillip Bell, a North-American citizen, employee of Adviser Company of Corposana (Corporation of Sanitary Work) of Paraguay had the idea to bring the rally-raid to the Gran Chaco region. Bell had become familiar with rally of the last century with the Safari African Rally.
Bell was fascinated by the landscape of Chaco and thought that the soil was appropriate for a sport like rally. Since he couldn’t organize it all by himself he presented his project to the Touring and Automovil Club Paraguayo (Paraguayan Touring and Automobile Club) around the late ’70. The Directive Commission approved the project in June 1971 and then started to think about which would be journey and organized an exploratory committee.
In mid July of ’71 a group traveled to Chaco. This group was conformed by three automobiles and a crew of seven men, led by the engineer Victor Rubén Dumot, accompany by Francisco Escanciano (representing the Dunhill International, who would sponsor of the event), Dario González Palacios (cameraman). This trio traveled in a pick-up Willys; Germán Russo (pilot and mechanic) and Jorge Himmelreich (pilot, mechanic and German translator) in a kombi VW.
The route of the first stage extended from the entire Trans-Chaco (an unpaved track) to the Fort Nueva Asunción. The second stage started in Nueva Asunción and went to Mister Long and Gabino Mendoza, but the plan was discarded because it was impossible to advance with a simple vehicle, dunes were common in that part of the territory. Then they used an alternative route of Pozo Olga to Mision Santa Rosa, that is still used nowadays and from there went to Mariscal Estigarribia. The third stage completed the return road from Mariscal Estigarribia to Asunción by the Trans-Chaco route.
After it was confirmed that the track was good to use, the date of the event was settled: September of ’71.
It was necessary to get funds and then appeared Francisco Escanciano, from the Dunhill International (a British tobacco company) that, besides sponsoring the event, donated also a trophy as a prize to the winner of the three stages. The trophy is made in silver and some parts in gold covering; it is saved in the display cabinet of the club and with the years has become the icon of this rally.
The first edition.
The first edition started by the end of September and coincided with the day 29, anniversary of the Battle of Boquerón. For the classification of winner was established an admission of car system in two categories, according to the motors of the car: the class “A”, with propulsion of 1300 cc and the class “B” with more than 1300 cc. The first Trans-Chaco Rally has as winner the duo formed by Marcos Peña McCoy and Pedro Federer with a Toyota 1000 in class “A” and the trio “Pavo” Bittar, Fernando “Melón” Dupot and Elpidio “Pilo” Caballero with a Mercedes Benz 2205 in class “B”.
In ’72 joined the list of the national sport the names that later will become the most famous “pioneers”: Gerardo “Karajá” Planás and Héctor Omar “Negro” Risso, with a VW Beetle 1300 in the class “A” and in the class “B”, Humberto Domínguez Dibb, Roberto Sánchez and Narciso Ramírez Patiño.
This format with two winner was maintained until 1976, year in which was established the classification of one and only general winner. The popular winner duo was the one formed by Carlos Calvo and Juan Bautista “Juanbi” Gill with a Toyota Celica. This edition passed to the history, because the crew of the vehicle had to make its way through gunshots to the air in the muddy territory of Campo Aroma. The photograph taken by the correspondent of the Argentina newspaper “El Gráfico” were published everywhere around the globe giving testimony of this particular event.
The organization of the Rally was suspended because of the distrust of the power centers, because of the evolution and popularity of it that was in hands outside the government. In ’87 the activities started again and in this edition the winner were Bubby Luthold and José Manuel Abreu with a Peugeot 505.
In the edition of 2005, the winner was Alejandro “Ale” Galanti with Marcelo Toyotoshi in a Toyota Corolla WRC and in 2006; Francisco “Pancho” Gorostiaga was the winner.
In 2007, Gorostiaga won again the first place and this way became the three times champion of the competition.
Year after year the Chaco is the place of gathering for thousand of Paraguayan and foreign people with passion for the velocity, cars and adrenaline.
Winners of the Trans-Chaco Rally.
Qualification in two categories
Year Category Pilot Co-Pilot Crew Car 1971 A Peña Marcos Federer Pedro Toyota 1000 B Roberto “Pavo” Bittar Fernando “Melón” Dumot Elpidio “Pilo” Caballero M. Benz 2205 1972 A Planás Gerardo Risso Héctor Omar VW 113 1300 B Domínguez Humberto Sánchez Roberto Ramirez Narciso Peugeot 404 1973 A Calvo Juan Carlos Yamamoto MItsunobu Toyota Corola 1300 B Kalssen Enrique Samudio Mariano Peugeot 404 1974 A Calvo Juan Carlos Risso Héctor Omar Toyota Corola 1300 B “Lucho” Molinas Ferreira Fabio Peugeot 504 1975 A Calvo Juan Carlos Di Tore Augusto Toyota Corola 1300 B “Lugo” Molinas Ferreira Fabio LenguazaVictoriano Peugeot 504
Clasificación General.
Year Category Pilot Co-Pilot Car 1976 Gral. Calvo Juan Carlos Gill Juan Bautista Toyota Célica GT RA28 2000 1977 Gral. Risso Héctor Omar Di Tore Roberto Ford Escort RS Cosworth 1978 Gral. Planás Gerardo Weiler Gerardo Toyota Célica RA28 2000 1979 Gral. Silguero Luis Molas Edgar Toyota Célica RA28 2000 1980 Gral. Risso Héctor Omar Di Tore Roberto Ford Escort RS Cosworth 1981 Gral. Galanti Marco Monges Mario Ford Escort RS Cosworth 1982 Gral. Jaeggli Alfredo Luis De Baraht Zolt Datsun 160J 2000 1983 Gral. Planás Gerardo Ferrara Miguel Toyota Célica Levin 2000
Gubernamental Suspension.
1987 Gral. Luthold Bubby 1988 Gral. Sanabria Nelson 1989 Gral. Penner Orlando 1990 Gral. Molas Edgar 1991 Gral. Galanti Marco 1992 Gral. Penner Orlando 1993 Gral. Pedro Fadul 1994 Gral. Penner Orlando 1995 Gral. Tomboly Denes 1996 Gral. Galanti Marco (h) 1997 Gral. Grillón José Carlos 1998 Gral. Planás Gerardo 1999 Gral. Masi Martín María 2000 Gral. Masi Martín María 2001 Gral. Domíngues Diego 2002 Gral. Francisco Gorostiaga “Pancho” 2003 Gral. Arias Didier 2004 Gral. Arias Didier 2005 Gral. Galanti Alejandro 2006 Gral. Gorostiaga Francisco “Pancho” 2007 Gral. Gorostiaga Francisco “Pancho”

</doc>
<doc id="18482573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482573" title=".476 Nitro Express">
.476 Nitro Express

The .476 Nitro Express is a British rifle cartridge.
Introduced by Westley Richards around 1907, it follows on the heels of the .470, .475, and .475 No. 2 Nitro Express rounds. While it was available in single and double rifles, it was less popular than other comparable rounds. It is nearly identical in performance to a number of others in the same class.
The .476 is considered adequate for all African and Indian big game, including elephant and rhinoceros. Its ballistics resemble the .458 Winchester Magnum, with a larger diameter bullet; whether this is an advantage remains in dispute.
Commercial rifles are no longer available in .476 Nitro Express except by special order, ammunition is no longer commercially available, and handloading data are scant. The factory load used 75 gr (4.86 g) of cordite under a 520 gr (33.7 g) slug. 

</doc>
<doc id="18482575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482575" title="GCNA">
GCNA

GCNA is an acronym which can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18482581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482581" title="James Scott (criminal)">
James Scott (criminal)

James Robert Scott (born November 20, 1969) was convicted of causing a massive flood of the Mississippi River at West Quincy, Missouri as part of the Great Flood of 1993. He is currently serving a sentence of 20 years to life in a Missouri prison.
Early life.
Scott grew up in Quincy, Illinois. By the time he had reached his 20s, he had already racked up an extensive criminal record and served time in six prisons. While most of these arrests were for petty burglary, they also included two arsons. In 1982, he burned down his elementary school, Webster Elementary School in Quincy. In 1988, he burned down a garage and set several other fires, netting him a sentence of seven years in prison.
By 1993, Scott was out of prison on parole for the 1988 fire. He worked at a Burger King in Quincy and spent most of his nights drinking heavily. He lived in the nearby town of Fowler with his wife Suzie.
The flood.
The Scotts, along with several other residents living in and around Quincy and Hannibal, spent much of mid-July reinforcing the West Quincy levee. They got an unexpected assist from nature; by July 16 the river had stopped rising and had actually dropped below the levee. That night, however, the levee unexpectedly failed when the river burst through its main stem. The resulting flood inundated on the Missouri side of the river. In one of the more spectacular incidents, a barge was sucked into the levee and slammed into a gas station, causing a fire.
The flood washed out all of the bridges in the area—the only links across the river for . While no one was killed, many people on the Missouri side of the river had to drive to either St. Louis or Burlington, Iowa, fly or take a ferry to get across the river for several weeks after the waters receded. One major bridge, the Bayview Bridge, was out of service for 71 days. Several businesses in West Quincy were also destroyed; that area has never recovered.
A reporter for WGEM-TV, the NBC affiliate in Quincy, collared Scott as he was walking the levee. Scott said that he'd seen a weak spot on the levee and tried to put more sandbags along it. He then said he went for a drink, only to come back and discover the levee had let go. He then helped the Coast Guard load boats into the floodwaters.
Suspicions mount.
Scott's account of the flood sounded suspicious to Neal Baker, a sergeant with the Quincy Police Department. Baker was familiar with Scott; he had arrested Scott for the 1982 and 1988 arsons while he was still a patrolman. For one thing, Baker noticed that Scott looked far too clean to have been working on a levee all day. He also had trouble recalling simple details that anyone who worked on the levee should have known. Baker also noticed that Scott wasn't wearing a life jacket.
Missouri authorities were also suspicious. The levee had failed at one of its strongest points, and that area had been inspected two hours earlier. They got even more suspicious when they found out about Scott's extensive criminal record, including the arsons. Adams County, Illinois sheriff's deputies questioned him a week after the flood, and he was unable to keep his story straight.
On October 1, Quincy police arrested Scott on an unrelated burglary charge. During questioning, he admitted to pulling four sandbags from one portion of the levee and moving them to the trouble spot he'd claimed to have seen. He told police, "My town was in trouble. The folks in Quincy and in West Quincy were about to lose everything. That’s why I went down to that levee. I had no plans to hurt anything. They needed help, so I helped." While he denied any intent to cause any harm, he said, "I didn't mean to cause a problem but I did... I'm up shit creek." He was released after an hour and a half. However, he was convicted of the burglary in January 1994 and sentenced to 10 years in prison.
Trial.
Meanwhile, authorities on both sides of the river teamed up with federal authorities to investigate the case. Their investigation eventually led to Joe Flachs, an old friend of Scott's. Flachs told authorities that Scott had told him he had broken the levee so he could strand his wife, Suzie, on the Missouri side of the river. Suzie worked as a waitress at a truck stop in Taylor, Missouri. As the story went, Scott wanted to be free to party, fish, and have an affair. Investigators subsequently found other witnesses who said Scott boasted about breaking the levee at a party after the flood. Based on this evidence, Scott was taken to Missouri for trial in November 1994.
Scott was tried under a 1979 Missouri law that made it a crime to intentionally cause a catastrophe. The law, which is Section 569.070 of the Missouri Revised Statutes, defines a catastrophe as "death or serious physical injury to ten or more people or substantial damage to five or more buildings or inhabitable structures or substantial damage to a vital public facility which seriously impairs its usefulness or operation." Due to heavy publicity, the trial took place in Kirksville, west of West Quincy.
Prosecutors and investigators believed that Scott either removed or cut the plastic sheets covering the levee, then burrowed through the sand until the water rushed in. The defense rested largely on two soil-science experts who testified that there was strong evidence the levee failed due to natural causes. One of them, David Hammer of the University of Missouri, said that there had been "something like 11 or 12 levee failures" upriver from West Quincy. The other, Charles Morris of the University of Missouri-Rolla, said that a last-minute decision to bring in bulldozers to shore up the levee actually weakened its structural integrity. However, they were no match for the numerous witnesses who claimed to hear Scott bragging about breaking the levee, as well as the inconsistencies in his story.
After a three-day trial, a jury took just over four hours to convict Scott of causing a catastrophe. A month later, he was sentenced to 10 years to life in prison, to run consecutively with his 10-year burglary sentence in Illinois. There was a good deal of relief in the area, though mixed with some revulsion for what Scott had done.
Scott appealed, and on February 25, 1997 the Missouri Court of Appeals threw out the conviction due to prosecutorial misconduct. Prosecutors hadn't told the defense about two witnesses who reportedly heard Scott say he'd deliberately broken the levee. He was retried in 1998. This time, he was convicted after only three hours of deliberation on April 30. The original sentence was reinstated on July 6.
Scott is currently serving his sentence in the Jefferson City Correctional Center. He will not be eligible for parole until 2023. He maintains that he is innocent. 
Adam Pitluk, a former reporter for "Time", wrote a book, "Damned to Eternity" (ISBN 0306815273) that argues that Scott is innocent.

</doc>
<doc id="18482584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482584" title="Damnak Chang'aeur District">
Damnak Chang'aeur District

Damnak Chang'aeur () is a district (Khan) in Kep Province, Cambodia. It is the largest district in the province and a train track from Phnom Penh to Sihanoukville runs through here. The district is subdivided into three sections (Sangkat) and 11 groups (Krom).
History.
In June 1994, Phnom Voar in Damnak Chang'aeur hit the international headlines as the site of the kidnapping of three westerners, Australian David Wilson, 29, Briton Mark Slater, 28, and Frenchman Jean-Michel Braquet, 27 from a train by Khmer Rouge forces led by Commander Chouk Rin.

</doc>
<doc id="18482587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482587" title="Qian Du">
Qian Du

Qian Du (Ch'ien Tu, traditional: 錢杜, simplified: 钱杜); ca. 1764-1844 was a Chinese landscape painter during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912).
Qian was born in the Zhejiang province. His style name was 'Shumei' and his sobriquets were 'Songhu, Songhu Xiaoyin and Hegong'. Qian painted landscapes in a style influenced by Wang Meng. He also painted human figures and flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="18482588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482588" title="Vega de Granada">
Vega de Granada

The Vega de Granada is a "comarca" (county, but with no administrative role) in the province of Granada, southeastern Spain. According to the 2007 census (INE), the comarca has a population of 500,121 inhabitants.
External links.
<BR>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="18482595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482595" title="Super Ape Inna Jungle">
Super Ape Inna Jungle

Super Ape Inna Jungle is an album by Lee 'Scratch' Perry and Mad Professor, released in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18482609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482609" title="Captain Calamity">
Captain Calamity

Captain Calamity may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18482625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482625" title="Ren Xun">
Ren Xun

Rèn Xūn (Jen Hsün, traditional: 任薰, simplified: 任薰); ca. 1835–1893 was a Chinese painter during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912).
Ren was born in Xiaoshan in the Zhejiang province. Ren came from a family of artists, his brother was Ren Xiong. His paintings were primarily of human figures, done in the style of Chen Hongshou.

</doc>
<doc id="18482631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482631" title="Keith Samples">
Keith Samples

Keith Samples is a film and television director, producer and writer. He founded Rysher Entertainment in 1991 and was CEO before leaving in 1997 to concentrate on writing and directing. Media Rights Capital.[http://www.deadlinehollywooddaily.com/whos-to-blame-for-mrcs-cw-debacle/]
Director.
Samples directed episodes for TV series including "Everwood", "One Tree Hill", "The O.C.", "Oz" and "Freddy's Nightmares" as well as award winning dramas "The Practice" and "Felicity". He also directed the films "Single White Female 2: The Psycho" and "A Smile Like Yours".
He directed the film Love Lies Bleeding, with Christian Slater.
Producer.
In 2000 the Samples' produced film "Election" won an Independent Spirit Award for Best Feature. He has also produced films "Above Suspicion", "Big Night", "Switchback", "Walking Tall" and "The Death and Life of Bobby Z".
Personal life.
On July 6, 2002 Samples married Meggan Kimberley.

</doc>
<doc id="18482632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482632" title="Robin Crow">
Robin Crow

Robin Z. Crow (born October 30, 1953 in Austin, TX) is an American author, recording artist, and public speaker. Crow is best known for his 2002 autobiographical book entitled "Jump and the Net Will Appear". He is the builder, owner, and operator of Dark Horse Recording Studio in Franklin, TN. Crow also speaks at seminars and clinics around the country.
Career.
Crow began his music career as a performer by dropping out of high school to tour with the band "Great Expectations". By the time he was 21, he had already performed at over 600 high schools in the Pacific Northwest and Southwestern United States. He then moved to Hollywood, CA to pursue a recording career. After recording his first album, "Legend of a Fool", he began touring college campuses performing as many as 100 concerts a year. Over the next fifteen years, Crow released six nationally distributed albums; three for Sherwood Records and three under the label Fortress Records. In the early nineties, he caught the attention of RCA Records, who signed him and released the album "Electric Cinema" in 1992. 
Upon the release of that album, he moved to a farm in Franklin, Tennessee just outside of Nashville and continued touring and promoting that record for almost two years. In 1993, Crow founded Dark Horse Recording Studio and over the next five years expanded it to a four-studio complex. It is primarily known as a destination studio hosting artists such as Taylor Swift, Matchbox Twenty, Megadeth, Tim McGraw, Neil Diamond, Amy Grant, Faith Hill, and Alison Krauss. 
In 2002, he released his first book, "Jump and the Net will Appear" published by New World Library. The book is an autobiography of Crow's journey from struggling musician to recording artist to business owner. The book's release coincided with his first speaking appearance in front of 6,000 people in Orlando, FL. Since that time, Crow has become a presence on the lecture circuit speaking for over 200,000 people a year. His speaking topics center on leadership, change management, customer service, and business growth. 
Between 1999 and 2002, he released three more albums; "2nd Nature", "Irresistible Flame", and "Quiet Before the Storm".
In 2006, "Rock Solid Leadership" was published through Simple Truths. 
In March 2010, "Evolve or Die" was published by Wiley & Sons. "Evolve or Die" reached #5 on the USA Today Best Sellers list. Crow also released his 11th album entitled "Let it Glow" which features Jon Anderson (Yes (Band)) along with Tracy Silverman and Phil Keaggy. 100% of all proceeds are being donated to Feed America First, a non-profit organization focused on combating hunger in rural America, on which Robin serves on the board of directors.
In 2010, Crow founded the Dark Horse Institute which offers a fourteen-week Audio Engineering Program taught at Dark Horse Recording. In 2013, they are slated to move to a separate campus.

</doc>
<doc id="18482650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482650" title="Alkali Lake, British Columbia">
Alkali Lake, British Columbia

Alkali Lake is an unincorporated community in the Cariboo region of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located 40 kilometres south of the city of Williams Lake en route to Dog Creek and the Gang Ranch. The settlement, and the adjoining reserves of the Alkali Lake Indian Band, get their name from Alkali Lake, which gets its name from an outcrop of alkali on the hillside above it; the lake itself is not an alkali lake.
The economy of the area is based on cattle ranching and small scale tourism, although in the past it was important as a way station on one of the various trails to the Cariboo goldfields farther north. Alkali Lake Indian Reserve No. 1, one of the main reserves of the Alkali Lake Indian Band, is located within the community. Most other reserves of the band are located to its east.

</doc>
<doc id="18482667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482667" title="Bellary (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Bellary (Lok Sabha constituency)

Bellary Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 28 Lok Sabha (constituencies) in Karnataka state in southern India. This constituency is reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled tribes.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Bellary Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Legislative Assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
Mysore State:
Karnataka State:
References.
Election Commission of India -http://www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp

</doc>
<doc id="18482680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482680" title="Merry Christmas, Mrs. Moskowitz">
Merry Christmas, Mrs. Moskowitz

"Merry Christmas, Mrs. Moskowitz" is the tenth episode of "Frasier" 's sixth season. It first aired on NBC in the United States on December 17, 1998. In the episode, Frasier, while shopping for Christmas gifts meets a stylish Jewish woman, Helen Moskowitz, who asks him to take her daughter Faye on a blind date. This leads to a deepening relationship between each other. Helen on Christmas Eve makes a stop by Frasier's apartment, unaware that he is not Jewish and so he and the family must pretend that they are to survive the visit.
The episode was directed by Kelsey Grammer and was written by Jay Kogen. Amy Brenneman and Carole Shelley guest stars in the episode as Faye and Helen respectively. Since airing, the episode has received many positive reviews from television critics and fans.
Plot.
Christmas is approaching, and while out shopping with Roz and looking for a menorah for his son, Frasier makes a covert attempt to purchase a sweater for Roz. Just before she realises, another woman steps in and rescues Frasier by pretending that she is buying it. She recognises him from the radio, and when he offers his thanks and asks if he can return the kindness, she suggests a date with her daughter, Faye. Frasier accepts, and is pleasantly surprised when he meets her, although she is embarrassed at being fixed up by her mother. Things go well for a while between them, and Faye visits Frasier's apartment with Helen one day on their way to catch a plane to Florida. It is at this point that Frasier discovers that Faye was under the impression that he was Jewish, and although this is not a problem for her, she is worried what her mother will think. He agrees to hide the Christmas decorations and play along, also getting Niles and Martin on side. The deception proves tricky to sustain, as Eddie appears dressed in a Santa Claus costume, someone calls round trying to deliver a Christmas tree, and Daphne is busy organising a holiday revue downstairs (from which Niles appears dressed as Jesus).
Reception.
In its original broadcast, "Merry Christmas, Mrs. Moskowitz" finished second in ratings for the week of December 14, 1998, with a Neilson rating of 16.9, translating to approximately 16.9 million viewers. It was the second highest rated show on NBC that week, behind ER. The ratings for "Merry Christmas, Mrs. Moskowitz" went up 1.2 from the previous week's episode, "Roz, a Loan". In the following year, the episode earned writer Jay Kogen a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing in a Comedy Series at the 51st Primetime Emmy Awards, in addition to a Writers Guild of America Award for Best Screenplay - Episodic Comedy. It also earned Kelsey Grammer a Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Comedy Series nomination. This episode also earned David Hyde Pierce his third Primetime Emmy Award for his portrayal of Niles Crane, winning his fourth in 2004 for the eleventh and final season of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="18482710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482710" title="Shen Quan">
Shen Quan

Shen Quan (; c. 1682–1760) was a Chinese painter during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912). His courtesy name was Nanpin (南蘋) and his sobriquet was Hengzhai (衡斎). His works became influential in Japanese Edo period art.
Shen was born in Deqing in Zhejiang province. He specialized in bird-and-flower painting, and was influenced by Bian Jingzhao and Lu Ji. His works were painted in a very realistic style, and he had many students and patrons.
Shen was invited to Japan by a high official. He arrived in Nagasaki in the final month of 1731 with two students, acquiring many Japanese students after his arrival. His paintings soon became very popular, and after his 1733 return to China he continued to send paintings back to Japan. Shen had many pupils while in Japan; his most important was Kumashiro Yūhi, who in turn taught Sō Shiseki and Kakutei. Other artists influenced by Shen included Katsushika Hokusai, Maruyama Ōkyo, and Ganku.
Shen's paintings were popular for their realistic, colored images of animals and flowers, and three-dimensional trees and rocks.

</doc>
<doc id="18482740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482740" title="Georgia Mustangs">
Georgia Mustangs

The Georgia Mustangs are the newest team to the NAFL (North American Football League) in Atlanta, Georgia they came into the nafl in 2007 . The NAFL is a minor league football organization over 10 years old that comprises over 90 teams across the country.Current head coach is Jason JD Davis who is also coach defensive coordinator and was a free safety in high school , college , and also played arena 2 for Norfolk Knighthawks in Norfolk , Virginia .The WR coach is jammal Perry ,and robert nargi is the lb coach and mark sintich is one of the coaches also...
External links.
www.nafl.org

</doc>
<doc id="18482742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482742" title="Rochester Community Baseball">
Rochester Community Baseball

Rochester Community Baseball, Inc. are the owners of the Triple-A Rochester Red Wings baseball team.
The company was formed when in 1956 the St. Louis Cardinals announced that they would no longer operate the franchise in Rochester. Local businessman Morrie Silver led a community stock drive to purchase the team and the stadium. Silver and 8,221 shareholders purchased the team from the Cardinals on February 27, 1957 and gained affiliation with the Baltimore Orioles in 1961. The event became known as the "72 Day Miracle".
Silver served as the team president and general manager. His daughter Naomi Silver is presently the Chairman of the Board.
As of 12 December 2011, there are 215 shareholders within the team with equity stakes at 0.1% to 5.0% per person.

</doc>
<doc id="18482743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482743" title="La Palmera">
La Palmera

La Palmera is an indoor and open-air shopping mall located along the shopping corridor of South Padre Island Drive at Staples St. in Corpus Christi, Texas, United States. It has over 100 mainline stores and 3 anchor stores Dillard's, JCPenney, Macy's (previously Foley's).
Mall history.
La Palmera opened in 1970 as Padre Staples Mall and the largest retail shopping mall in the Corpus Christi, Texas area. The mall was proposed in the spring of 1968 and its construction was completed in 1969. The Mall was started by Roy M. Smith and Ennis Joslin. The W.M. Bevly family became part owners two years later. The mall would include a movie theater, food court, carousel, and 3 anchors. Another early tenant was Woolworth.
In July 2008, Padre Staples Mall was acquired by Trademark Property Company and was renamed La Palmera.

</doc>
<doc id="18482749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482749" title="Fu character">
Fu character

The character "Fú" (福, Unicode U+798F) meaning "good fortune" or "happiness" is represented both as a Chinese ideograph, but also at times pictorially, in one of its homophonous forms, most popularly as a bat, but also sometimes as the cereal bran. It is also often found on a figurine of the male god of the same name, one of the trio of "star gods" "Fú, Lù, Shòu".
Mounted "Fú" are a widespread Chinese tradition associated with Chinese New Year and can be seen on the entrances of many Chinese homes worldwide. The characters are generally printed on a square piece of paper or stitched in fabric. The practice is universal among Chinese people regardless of socioeconomic status, and dates to at least the Song Dynasty (AD 960 - 1279).
When displayed as a Chinese ideograph, "Fú" is almost universally displayed upside-down on diagonal red squares. The reasoning is based on a wordplay: in nearly all varieties of Chinese: the words for "upside-down" (倒， Pinyin: dào) and "to arrive" (到，Pinyin: dào) are homophonous. Therefore, the phrase an "upside-down "Fú"" sounds nearly identical to the phrase "Good luck arrives". Pasting the character upside-down on a door or doorpost thus translates into a wish for prosperity to descend upon a dwelling.
Another story states that posting the character upside-down originates with the family of a 9th-century prince of the Qing Dynasty. The story states that on one Chinese New Year's Eve (or "Chuxi", ), the prince's servants played a practical joke by pasting "fu" characters throughout his royal dwelling. One illiterate servant inadvertently placed the characters upside-down. The prince was said to have been furious upon seeing the characters, but a quick-thinking servant humbly calmed the prince by saying that the occurrence must have been a sign of prosperity "arriving" upon his household by using the above wordplay.
The character "Fú" (福) meaning "good fortune" or "happiness" is also represented in Chinese art by its homophone "bat" ("fú" 蝠), making bats the most ubiquitous of all Chinese symbols with the same symbolic meaning as the ideograph meaning "good fortune". A less common representation is bran ("fúzi" 麸子), not only because "depictions of grain have been used throughout Chinese history to represent fecundity but also in combination with other grains with related homophonous word-plays (for example, "lì" which can mean either "grain" 粒 or "profit" 利). 
Representations of the character "Fú" (福) in various forms of calligraphy and seal characters as papercuts or posters represents the desire that one's good luck will be expansive and come in many forms. Chinese textiles and ceramics may also represent this felicitous message by portraying 100 bats in flight.

</doc>
<doc id="18482759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482759" title="German School of Guayaquil">
German School of Guayaquil

The German School of Guayaquil is a multilingual school in Guayaquil, Ecuador. It was founded in 1957 by Renate Lemke to meet the necessities of the German immigrants in the city.
It is one of 117 German schools abroad and one of the three German schools in Ecuador. It belongs to the International Baccalaureate Organization and offers the Diploma Program.
History.
The school was officially founded in 1959 by Richard Zeller and Claus Riemann, German immigrants who resided in Guayaquil. However, the school's history goes back to 1957 when Renate Lemke, a Kindergarten teacher opened a Day care for the children of German immigrants in her own home. By the end of the school year, she continued with an elementary school in another building, because the number of students had increased. In 1958 the school moved to the newly inaugurated neighbourhood Urdesa. By then, the German School as it was known, had already a second grade. 
In 1960 Federal Republic of Germany began to cooperate with the school and sent the first teachers abroad, then the school had a full elementary school. The same year, Renate Lemke served for the last time as headmaster.
By 1964 the campus in Urdesa was already too small for a growing school. The German School already had a full High School and that year the Kindergarten moved to Los Ceibos, again a new neighbourhood in expansion. Nevertheless it was only possible to move completely in 1968 when Germany sent the money for the construction of the elementary school and the high school.
On April 13, 2009 the school inaugurated a second Kindergarten in Samborondón. The project involves first the Kindergarten "Kinderkosmos" and eventually the final relocation of the elementary school. The high school (5 to 12 grade) will remain in Los Ceibos.
School terms.
There are two academic halves in the year,
Uniform.
Like all of Ecuadorian schools, the German School has a uniform for its pupils. At the beginning, a uniform was not mandatory because in Germany schools do not have a uniform, but already in the 1960s this ended and the traditional uniform has been worn since then. 
The school's open-minded direction has, contrary to Guayaquil's society, always permitted long or dyed hair and piercings for the boys, nail polish and earrings for the girls and the length of the skirts vary through the years also.
The boys' uniform is gray trousers and a white Polo shirt with the school's logo. Girls wear a gray checkered skirt and the same polo shirt as boys. For both white socks and black shoes are mandatory. The school's sweater is also gray with the school logo and is the only one allowed to be worn with the uniform. 
For sport, both girls and boys wear black shorts with white T-shirts with the school logo and white trainers. There is also the possibility to wear the school's black sport trousers and sport sweater as part of the sport uniform if it is a cold morning.
Kindergarten boys wear gray shorts and girls a checkered gray jumper dress.
School magazine.
The Genau! is the official school magazine. It was founded in 1986. The magazine was relaunched in 2005. Although it has an editorial board formed by high school students, collaboration from all grades is usual and encouraged. developed by students. The Blog has a broader article spectrum and covers not only school subjects but many politics, arts and subjects of common concern as well.
The school is a member of the Trait d'Union, an international online multimedia magazine. Students participate with articles written in German.
Curriculum.
The German School is known for its academic excellence in humanities and natural and exact sciences. The school offers a special program of the International Baccalaureate Organization, called "Gemischtsprachiges Internationale Baccalaureate" i.e. a multilingual program in German, English and Spanish specially designed to be compatible with the German Abitur.
The school maintains a Kindergarten for children aged three to five, an elementary school for pupils aged six to 10 and a high school with a total of 2000 students. A second Kindergarten is planned to open in the suburb Samborondon on April 2009.
The pupil to teacher ratio is an average of 15:1 from Kindergarten to 12th grade, which is low by general and Ecuadorian school standards. Class sizes start at around twenty in the elementary school and Kindergarten (classes have 2 teachers) and are often around 15 by the final years.
The school runs a psychological department whose job is to counsel high school students about its college choice and majors. Students are encouraged to study abroad. Approximately one third of the high school graduates choose to study in Germany.
Arts and music.
Arts and music play an important role on the school's curriculum. There are special music and arts classes with all materials needed to learn. The school's walls have served as canvas for the pupils. The elementary school organizes an "Open Air Art Day" every year where children paint outside and parents and family are welcomed to observe. Many artistic projects are held every year and art and music are mandatory until the 8th grade, when students may to choose between one of them. It is also possible to take art as an A-Level (or High Level on the IBO Diploma) subject on high school.
Students can learn to play instruments. The small ones begin with a recorder and a xylophone and is possible to learn the piano, among others, as an elective. There are school choirs for the kindergarten, elementary and high school and a rock band who has won the only school bands competition in the country.
Sports.
The school has its own swimming pool, athletics field, soccer, volleyball and basketball courts and a gym. In kindergarten children are taught to swim. Elementary school pupils have mandatory swimming and sport classes twice a week, while in high school only sport is mandatory and swimming an elective.
In the afternoon the students can do sports. 
The Bundesjugendspiele (Federal Youth Sport Games) are held internally as in every school in Germany and pupils have the chance to get a diploma from the German President for their accomplishments. 
Sports play an important role at the German School and because of that the students participate every two years in the South American German schools Competition called "Humboldt Spiele" and, as a preparation to it, in the annual swimming-volleyball-athletics competition against the German School of Quito. The school participates in national and regional youth competitions as well and has already won national titles in sport.
Languages.
Children receive German language classes from second grade on, but even in Kindergarten the language is used in games. English remains the second foreign language and its teaching begins in the third grade. The school has a cooperation agreement with the Alliance Française that makes it possible to learn French as an elective course in the fifth grade. 
Various subjects are taught in German at the high school depending on the teachers ability. Maths, Biology, Art, Physics and History are always taught in German depending on the grade. 
An English Language Project Week is organized every year by elementary school pupils of all grades who explain their projects at the end of the week. There is also a Spelling Bee Contest and a Short-Story Contest. 
At the end of the 12 class, students are "Bachiller de la República del Ecuador" i.e. have an Ecuadorian high school diploma that allows them to continue their education in a university. Depending on the electives taken, pupils may obtain the International Baccalaureate Diploma or a German Diploma that allows them to enter a German University of Applied Sciences.
Traditions.
One of the more cherished traditions is the "Laternen Fest" during the three Kindergarten years. "Laternen Fest" is a German tradition in remembrance of Martin of Tours. The students prepare their own paper lantern and participate in a school procession on St. Martin's Day where they light the lanterns and sing German songs. 
The "Día de campo" (country day) is a mix of children-oktoberfest and school fest. The "country day" is held in the school on the last Sunday of October and is organized by the parents council. For every child, one adult has to participate, selling either food, watching for the children on the rides, selling ice cream or other activities. On the "Día de campo" German, Ecuadorian and other European countries food are offered, games, rides, sports, plays are held and, above all, the fireworks.
Charitable work.
The German School of Guayaquil has a charity tradition. The main program, run since the 1960s, is afternoon school for children from low-income families. Morning pupils of the 11th grade must complete a mandatory social work year at the afternoon school. They usually work as Kindergarten teachers, sport, arts and computings teachers or help the children with learning difficulties. Over 200 children attend the afternoon Kindergarten, elementary and high school.
The school also supports a food program, where students research and teach about the benefits of soy.
The third charitable program is run in cooperation with the University of Bielefeld and its aim is to help in the development of Daular, a town in the province Guayas. Together, they organize social development programs such as a water plant, electricity, a fish pool and a conservatory for self-sustainability and the construction of a school. Pupils, students and villagers work together in order to achieve the year's goal. The project won in 2006/2007 an award from the United Nations for its unique international concept.

</doc>
<doc id="18482765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482765" title="Uncial 049">
Uncial 049

Uncial 049 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 2 (von Soden). It is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. Paleographically it has been assigned to the 9th century.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Acts of Apostles, General epistles, and Pauline epistles, with numerous lacunae in Pauline epistles (it contains only Romans; 1 Cor 1:1-5:8; 13:8-16:24; 2 Cor 1:1-11:23; Eph 4:20-6:20), on 149 parchment leaves (). Scrivener designated it by siglum S.
The text is written in one column per page, 30 lines per page (19 x 12.5 cm). The uncial letters are large, partially are upright, partially are leaned to the right. It has breathing and accents. Parchment is not good, ink is brown.
The text is divided according to the ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, with their τιτλοι at the top of the pages.
It contains Prolegomena, the tables of the ("tables of contents") before each book, subscriptions at the end of each book, and στιχοι.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. In the Pauline epistles it never supports the original text against the Byzantine. Aland placed it in Category V.
In Acts 2:47 it reads ο δε κυριος προσετιθει τους σωζομενους καθ' ημεραν τη εκκλησια ("and the Lord added daily those who were being saved to the church").
In Acts 7:47 it reads οικω for θεω, along with Papyrus 74, Codex Sinaiticus, Codex Vaticanus, Codex Bezae, and some Sahidic manuscripts.
Acts 8:37 is omitted.
In Acts 18:26 it reads την του θεου οδον along with P, Ψ, 0142, 104, 330, 451, 1241, 1877, 2127, 2492, Byz, Lect;
In Acts 26:28 it reads γενεσθαι for ποιησαι along with manuscripts E P 044 056 0142 88 104 326 330 436 451 629 630 945 1241 1505 1739 1877 2127 2412 2492 2495 Byz, Codex Gigas.
In Acts 27:39 it reads εξεωσαι for εξωσαι.
History.
C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1886.
The codex is located, in Athos, in the monastery (Great Lavra A' 88).

</doc>
<doc id="18482767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482767" title="Pestel">
Pestel

Pestel can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18482775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482775" title="Tang Yifen">
Tang Yifen

Tang Yifen (T'ang I-fen, traditional: 湯貽汾, simplified: 汤贻汾); ca. 1778-1853 was a Chinese landscape painter and calligrapher during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912).
Tang was born in the Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Ruoyi' and his sobriquets were 'Yusheng, Qing-ying monk and Zhouweng'. Tang painted both landscapes and ink plums in a style of great sensitivity, much in the same manner as Dai Xi. He also did calligraphy, especially running script.

</doc>
<doc id="18482786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482786" title="HD 214448">
HD 214448

HD 214448 is a double or multiple star.

</doc>
<doc id="18482789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482789" title="Herpes support groups">
Herpes support groups

Herpes Support Groups are organized groups, some grass roots and some official nonprofit or medical groups, that provide support and information for people who have been diagnosed with genital herpes. Genital herpes is a viral disease caused by Herpes simplex viruses; both herpes simplex virus 1 (HSV–1) and herpes simplex virus 2 (HSV–2) can cause genital herpes.
History of herpes support groups.
Support for people with herpes arose from the work of the American Social Health Association (ASHA). The organization was created in 1914 to in response to the increase in social diseases that had spread during World War 1.
During the 1970s, there was an increase in sexually transmitted diseases. One of the diseases that increased dramatically was genital herpes. In response, ASHA created the National Herpes Resource Center in 1979. The HRC was designed to meet the growing need for education and awareness about the virus. One of the project of The Herpes Resource Center (HRC) was to create a network of local support (HELP) groups. The goal of these HELP groups were to provide a safe, confidential environment where participants can get accurate information and share experiences, fears, and feelings with others who are concerned about herpes.
While the HELP groups provided education and emotional support, they had limited offerings in the area of socializing or dating. The advent of the Internet came a grass-roots movement to create online social support and dating. Groups started forming around the country on yahoogroup, meetup and other social networking sites. In addition to these informal, local groups, a number of online social networking and dating sites were created, The first of which was Antopia in 1979. In addition to Antopia, there are a number of other sites that also offer forums to help individuals deal with their condition.
In the UK, the Herpes Association (now the Herpes Viruses Association) was started in 1982, becoming a registered charity with a Dept of Health grant in 1985. The charity started as a string of local group meetings before acquiring an office and a national spread.
H-YPE.com was started in 2006. The name H-YPE is an acronym for 'Herpes-Your Positive Experience' and though it has a dating aspect to it, its main focus is on a community of support for anyone that may need a friendly shoulder to lean on, be they newly diagnosed or not. Standard membership is free and allows one to post questions on the forum and sign up for events.
Stigma.
A major concern for people with genital herpes is the social stigma attached to having the virus, despite the fact it is generally harmless. Among genital herpes patients, 39% said they were troubled by societal stigma about genital herpes. Far more genital herpes patients—75% -- were troubled by bothersome symptoms of genital herpes outbreaks.
In a 2007 study, 1900 people (25% of which had herpes) ranked genital herpes second for social stigma, out of all sexually transmitted diseases (HIV took the top spot for STD stigma).
The support groups for genital herpes are predominantly targeted toward those who are HSV positive, including dating websites. A few groups exist for discordant partners. 

</doc>
<doc id="18482792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482792" title="James A. McGee">
James A. McGee

James (Jim) Aloysius McGee (May 16, 1879 - May 14, 1904) was a Canadian athlete. He played rugby football for and was captain of the Ottawa Football Club football team in the early 1900s. He was also an ice hockey player for the Ottawa Silver Seven, a member of the Silver Seven 1903–04 Stanley Cup championship team, and a member of the Ottawa Rowing Club. After the Stanley Cup win, McGee was killed in a horseback riding accident in May 1904. His brother Frank also played ice hockey.
Personal life.
Born in Ottawa, Jim McGee came from a prominent Canadian family. His late uncle, Thomas D'Arcy McGee, had been a Father of Confederation. His father, John Joseph McGee, was clerk of the Privy Council (considered the top civil servant position). He had five brothers and two sisters. His brother Frank is famous for his ice hockey exploits with the Silver Seven.
On May 9, 1904, McGee was riding a horse as part of a horse riding class. The horse threw him and McGee lapsed into a coma from which he would not recover, succumbing on May 14, 1904. His funeral service, at St. Joseph's Church on May 16, 1904, was attended by Prime Minister Wilfrid Laurier, Chief Justice Henri Elzéar Taschereau, the Ottawa Hockey Club, Ottawa Football Club and Ottawa Rowing Club. The cortege was estimated at a half-mile in length. He was interred at Ottawa's Notre Dame Cemetery.
Playing career.
McGee played in the Canadian Amateur Hockey League (CAHL) intermediate division for both the Ottawa Aberdeens and the Ottawa Hockey Club 'Seconds'. Although he played for the senior Ottawa Hockey Club as early as 1900, he only fully made the club in 1903-04. The club had already won the Stanley Cup when McGee joined. McGee played in the CAHL regular season and in the Stanley Cup challenges held in 1904 against the Montreal Wanderers and Brandon Wheat Cities.
McGee also played rugby football for the Ottawa Football Club. When he died, McGee was captain of the club and had played for the club for five seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="18482805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482805" title="Davangere (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Davangere (Lok Sabha constituency)

Davangere Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 28 Lok Sabha constituencies in Karnataka state in southern India. This constituency was only created in 1977 after the reorganization of Indian states.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Davangere Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight legislative assembly segments:
Members of Parliament.
Karnataka State:

</doc>
<doc id="18482807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482807" title="Nuclear Energy (sculpture)">
Nuclear Energy (sculpture)

Nuclear Energy is a bronze sculpture by Henry Moore that is located on the campus of the University of Chicago at the site of world's first nuclear reactor, Chicago Pile-1.
Location.
It is located on Ellis Avenue, between the Max Palevsky West dormitory and the Regenstein Library. 
This site is located in the Hyde Park community area of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States. 
The location commemorates the exact location where the Manhattan Project team devised the first nuclear reactor to produce the first self-sustaining controlled nuclear reaction under the former stands of Stagg Field.
History.
The sculpture was commissioned by the B. F. Ferguson monument fund.
It’s a rather strange thing really but I’d already done the idea for this sculpture before Professor McNeill and his colleagues from the University of Chicago came to see me on Sunday morning to tell me about the whole proposition. They told me (which I’d only vaguely known) that Fermi, the Italian nuclear physicist, started or really made the first successful controlled nuclear fission in a temporary building. I think it was a squash court - a wooden building - which from the outside looked entirely unlike where a thing of such an important nature might take place. But this experiment was carried on in secret and it meant that by being successful Man was able to control this huge force for peaceful purposes as well as destructive ones. They came to me to tell me that they thought where such an important event in history took place ought to be marked and they wondered whether I would do a sculpture which would stand on the spot. (Henry Moore quoted in "Art Journal", New York, spring 1973, p.286)
The sculpture is described as in height and in diameter by the Smithsonian Institution, and it sits atop a base that is in height and in diameter. However, the University of Chicago says it is only in height. The Henry Moore Foundation lists its height at 3.66m. The sculpture reminds some of the human skull, while it reminds others of an atomic mushroom cloud.
The sculpture was erected for and dedicated at the celebration of the 25th anniversary of the splitting of the atom on the grounds by Enrico Fermi on December 2, 1942. Thus, it was dedicated at precisely 3:36 p.m. on December 2, 1967. The site of the first nuclear reaction received designation as a National Historic Landmark on February 18, 1965 and was added to the newly created National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) on October 15, 1966 as one of the original designated historic places. Chicago Pile-1 is one of four Chicago NRHPs on the original list. The site was named a Chicago Landmark on October 27, 1971.
A working model for "Nuclear Energy" ("Atom Piece (Working Model for "Nuclear Energy") 1964-65") is on display at the Hiroshima City Museum of Contemporary Art, Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18482808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482808" title="Quintus Marcius Philippus (consul 281 BC)">
Quintus Marcius Philippus (consul 281 BC)

Quintus Marcius Philippus (Quintus Marcius Q. f. Q. n. Philippus) was a Roman consul in 281 BC.
His father was probably Quintus Marcius Tremulus, consul in 306 and 288 BC. Instead of the cognomen "Tremulus" he took "Philippus", which was further inherited by his descendants.
He was elected consul together with Lucius Aemilius Barbula. They had to carry on war with Etruscans. Marcius received triumph on the April 1 on account of his victory over them. In 269 BC he was elected censor together with his co-consul Lucius Aemilius Barbula. In 263 BC he was magister equitum to the dictator Gnaeus Fulvius Maximus Centumalus. 

</doc>
<doc id="18482809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482809" title="Joseph Dufour et Cie">
Joseph Dufour et Cie

Joseph Dufour et Cie, founded 1797 by Joseph and Pierre Dufour, was a s a French "Manufacture de Papier Peints et Tissus" (French for: painted wallpaper and fabrics) manufacturer located in Mâcon, France. 
General.
In 1806, in collaboration with the artist Jean-Gabriel Charvet, Dufour et Cie produced a twenty-panel set of scenic wallpaper entitled "Sauvages de la Mer du Pacifique" (Savages of the Pacific), which became the biggest success of the company. It was the largest panoramic wallpaper of its time, and marked the burgeoning of a French industry in panoramic wallpapers. Dufour realized almost immediate success from the sale of these papers and enjoyed a lively trade with America. The Neoclassic spirit currently in favor was accented handsomely in houses of the Federal period by the exaggerated elegance of Charvet's scenes. Like most of eighteenth century wallpapers, the panorama was designed to be hung above a dado. 
History.
For many years it was believed that Joseph Dufour was born in 1752. An error in his place of birth was the source of the mistake. Indeed, another Joseph Dufour was born in Mâcon, in 1752, whilst the founder of the maunufacture was born in Tramayes in 1757 as the second child of Claude Dufour and Francoise Braillon. 
Joseph Dufour trained in the wallpaper industry and worked in Lyon, which was a center for both the textile and wallpaper industries.
In 1797, Joseph Dufour started the company together with his brother Pierre in Macon, Rue de la Paroisse. The designer Jean-Gabriel Charvet, renowned in Lyon, worked for them. Their first few years were not very successful; in 1800 they went into liquidation and Pierre left the company. By 1801, the business was operating under the name "Joseph Dufour et Cie".
Then the company picked up rapidly. in 1805 the company employed more than 90 workers. Following the Savages' success at the Fourth Exhibition of Products of the French Industry in 1806, Joseph Dufour moved to Paris in the Faubourg Saint Antoine. His company rapidly became famous in Europe and America not only for its panoramics but also for its repeating wallpaper. The company employed the talent of famous designers such as Xavier Mader and Evarist Fragonard.
Joseph Dufour died in Paris 1827. His son-in-law took on the business but sold it a few years later. The wood-blocks were scattered.
"Sauvages de la Mer Pacifique".
Captain Cook first sailed from England to the South Seas in 1769. He made three expeditions before his death in 1779, and his adventures captured the imaginations of many Europeans at a time when there was considerable interest in the “primitive” and “exotic”. His discoveries lent support to the prevailing notion of the inherent moral superiority of “the noble savage”, an idea expressed in the writings of Jean-Jacques Rousseau (1712–1778).
In 1784, accounts of Cook's voyages were set forth in an official three-volume publication. Accompanying this was a separate folio atlas containing 61 engravings of landscapes, portraits, and indigenous artifacts.
In 1806 Joseph Dufour et Cie, in collaboration with the designer Jean-Gabriel Charvet, produced a twenty-panel set of scenic wallpaper entitled "Sauvages de la Mer du Pacifique" (Savages of the Pacific). picturing the travels of Captain Cook The wallpaper was printed in color from multiple woodblocks. 
Machine-made continuous paper, just invented, was not yet commercially available when Dufour undertook his project. Instead, small rectangular handmade sheets were joined at the edges to form long rolls, which were later cut to the desired length (approximately 24 by 98 inches or 61 × 249 cm). A toned, water-based ground layer was then applied by brush to the entire panel to act as an undercoat for subsequent printing. This light blue layer also served as the sky tone in unprinted areas. Designs for each color were carved on separate blocks, and as many as sixty were required to print a single panel. The design was then enhanced with stenciled hand-painted gouache.
The panels show many historical events loosely based on the reports of James Cook and La Pérouse and drawings made by members of their crews. Some of the figures of Pacific Islanders were based upon frescoes from ancient Pompei, which had been rediscovered in 1748, and others upon well-known Greek and Roman sculptures.
Panel descriptions.
A description of the individual panels follows:
The Art Gallery of New South Wales (Australia), Historic Deerfield (Deerfield, Massachusetts), the Honolulu Museum of Art and the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco usually have Sauvages de la Mer Pacifique on display.
References.
McClell, Nancy, “Historic Wall-papers: From Their Inception to the Introduction of Machinery”, Lippincott, 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="18482824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482824" title="Founder's Building">
Founder's Building

The Founder's Building was the original building of Royal Holloway College, University of London (RHUL) in Egham, Surrey, England. It is an example of Gothic Revival architecture in the United Kingdom. Today it is the dominant building on the campus. 
History.
The construction of the building began in 1874, and was completed in 1881. The building and the college were a £600,000 "gift to the nation" by the entrepreneur and philanthropist Thomas Holloway. It was designed by the architect William Henry Crossland, and inspired by the Château de Chambord in the Loire Valley, France. 
The building was officially opened in 1886 by Queen Victoria, who allowed the use of "Royal" in the college's name by Royal mandate. A statue of Queen Victoria sits in the centre of the north quadrangle. The centre of the south quadrangle contains a statue of Thomas Holloway and his wife Jane. The marble statues were sculpted by Prince Victor of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (Count Gleichen).
The Founder's Building houses the Picture Gallery, containing a collection of over 70 pieces of Victorian era art given to the college at the time of its founding by Thomas Holloway. The college's Main Lecture Theatre, non-denominational chapel, and one of three libraries on the RHUL campus are also housed within the building. 
Today, the offices of the Department of Politics and International Relations, the Department of Classics and some offices of the School of Management are housed in the building, while other academic departments of the college are located in more modern buildings on the college's campus. Many of the college's main administrative offices remain within the Founder's Building. It is also a Hall of Residence for the campus, with rooms for over 470 students. A bar within the building is named "Crosslands" in honour of its architect. 
The original building plans as well as photographs at the time of completion are available for viewing in the Royal Holloway archives located in Founder's.
Filming location.
The building has been featured in several films and television programmes including: 

</doc>
<doc id="18482850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482850" title="Thomas Whyte">
Thomas Whyte

Thomas Whyte may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18482852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482852" title="Curia Cornelia">
Curia Cornelia

The Curia Cornelia was a place where the Roman Senate assembled beginning c. 52 BC. It was the largest of all the "Curia" (Senate Houses) built in Rome. Its construction took over a great deal of the traditional comitium space and brought the senate building into a commanding location within the Roman Forum as a whole. This was the Senate House of the time of Caesar and is significant because its location was moved by Caesar in order to diminish the Senate's dominance within the City and Republic.
History.
In 80 BC, Lucius Cornelius Sulla decided to enlarge the existing "Curia" to accommodate the doubling of senators in the Republic. To do this he had to demolish the old "Curia Hostilia" and the "Comitium". It kept the name Hostilia.
The "Curia Hostilia" was again destroyed during riots at the funeral of Publius Clodius Pulcher in 52 BC. It was rebuilt again by Faustus Sulla, a descendant of L. Cornelius Sulla, and took the name Curia Cornelia.
In 44 BC, the "Curia" was converted into a temple by Julius Caesar during his redesign of the Forum. It is not known when the building was finally torn down, but due in large part to its location in relation to the Forum of Caesar, it would more than likely have been during or after the construction of the first Imperial Forum.
Finally, Caesar replaced the "Curia Cornelia" with the "Curia Julia" (which still stands) in 44 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="18482858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482858" title="Black River (Lake Memphremagog)">
Black River (Lake Memphremagog)

The Black River is a tributary of Lake Memphremagog, over long, in northern Vermont in the United States. It is one of the four major rivers in Orleans County. It is the longer but least powerful of the two rivers contained solely within the county. There are no longer any damsites.
It is paralleled much of the way by Vermont Route 14, taking advantage of the terrain of the Black River Valley.
Course.
The Black River is miles in length, originates east of Great Hosmer Pond with headwater tributaries flowing west off Ames Hill in Albany. It drains of land. This river has the lowest gradient of the three main rivers in the basin with an average slope of about per . The Black River watershed contains over of lakes and ponds, the three largest being Elligo Pond, Little Hosmer Pond and Great Hosmer Pond.
The current is slow. The drop from the source to Lake Memphremagog, including the falls at Irasburg and Coventry is .
Albany (starts).
The Black River, after beginning on the east side of Great Hosmer Pond in the southern portion of the town of Albany. It flows south-southwesterly through a relatively narrow valley.
Craftsbury.
It continues in a generally southerly flow into the town of Craftsbury entering a wider valley east of Duck Pond. Whitney Brook, and then the drainage from Little Hosmer and Great Hosmer Ponds, join the river. It meanders further south then is confined briefly just north of Craftsbury village. South of Craftsbury village, the river reverses course and flows northwesterly with Lake Elligo outlet stream joining the river from the east. The river twists and turns its way north through a broad valley, which contains many significant floodplain and wetland communities (see section below). The river flows the length of the town of Craftsbury.
The river drains Lake Elligo. The Black River is the main river in town and is the northern drain from that lake. The river was called Elligo-sigo by the natives.
The western branch of the Black River proceeds northwest from Elligo Lake. In about , Whetstone Brook enters into it from the east. Within , it is joined by the eastern branch of the river.
The eastern branch of the Black River exits Hosmer Pond towards the southeast. About a mile after leaving the pond, it is joined by Whitney Brook entering from the northeast. Within it turns south, then curves around to the west, then heads northwest to join its western branch.
The conjoined river proceeds northwest. In , it is joined by Cass Brook entering from the south. In a little over , it is joined by a brook entering from the south, draining Mud Pond.
The river curves north, then northeast. It is joined by a brook draining Page Pond from the northeast. It then turns northwest and back northeast again. It is joined by a small brook entering from the northwest, on the Albany line.
Albany (the second time).
The Black River flows through the central part of the town from south to north, having a number of quite considerable tributaries. It continues meandering in a more northeasterly fashion on the western side of Great Hosmer Pond. It winds through Albany and into Irasburg east of Potters Pond.
The river continues northeast through Albany. It curves east and is joined by Rogers Brook entering from the north.
It turns northeast again, and is joined by McLeary Brook entering from the north. The river turns east again, then back northeast. It meanders, then turns east and Lamphean Brook enters from the north.
The river then crosses into Irasburg.
Irasburg.
The Black river is the principal water-course. It flows through the town in a northerly direction, receiving a number of small streams. The current is generally slow. It enters east of Potters Pond. It continues its tortuous route northeast and then east to the village of Irasburg. Just upstream of the village, the very sinuous Lords Creek enters. This creek is about long and drains a watershed that is .
Downstream of Irasburg, the Black River continues north in a narrower valley with less meandering. It then flows into the town of Coventry.
The river continues in a northeasterly direction. When Lords Creek enters it from the east, the river turns westerly. It resumes its northeastly course and Brigham Brook drains into it.
It turns north. When Allen Brook empties into it, the river turns northwest.
Lord's Creek enters it from the southeast, about beyond the village of Irasburg. The river proceeds in a northern direction about two miles (3 km) and crosses into Coventry.
Coventry.
The Black River follows an east-northeasterly course through the central part of Coventry, until it joins the South Bay of Lake Memphremagog in Newport. For about the last , the river is part of the state’s South Bay Wildlife Management Area.
Just after crossing into Coventry, the river is intersected by Ware Brook. A half a mile north, Stony Brook enters. As US Route 5 starts to parallel it, there are falls of in two tiers.
From there the river proceeds north to enter Lake Memphremagog from the west side of the South Bay.
Newport city.
The river enters Lake Memphramagog in the extreme eastern part of the town, near the village, in the South Bay
History.
Dams.
In 1883, there were several saw mills and a grist mills in Irasburg.
List of cities and towns.
In upstream order:

</doc>
<doc id="18482861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482861" title="Wang Jian (Qing Dynasty)">
Wang Jian (Qing Dynasty)

Wang Jian (); ca. 1598-1677 was a Chinese landscape painter during the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912).
Wang was born in Taicang in the Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Xuanzhao' (玄照) and his pseudonyms were 'Xiangbi' (湘碧) and 'Ranxiang anzhu' (染香庵主). Wang's precise color style of painting was influenced by Dong Yuan. His own works stand out, and he is a member of the Four Wangs and Six Masters of the early Qing period.

</doc>
<doc id="18482873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482873" title="HMS Violet">
HMS Violet

Seven ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Violet", after the flower of the genus viola:

</doc>
<doc id="18482875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18482875" title="Atlético Portuario">
Atlético Portuario

Atlético Portuario was a Honduran football club based in Puerto Cortés, Honduras which played in the Liga Nacional in the 1979–80 season.
Achievements.
Domestic

</doc>
