<doc id="18363376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363376" title="Second round of voting in the 2008 Zimbabwean presidential election">
Second round of voting in the 2008 Zimbabwean presidential election

The second round of voting in the Zimbabwean presidential election of 2008 was held between Robert Mugabe and Morgan Tsvangirai after the first round failed to produce a 50% majority for either candidate. The election process was marred by violence against and intimidation of voters and party workers, which eventually led to the withdrawal of Tsvangirai from the poll. This left Mugabe as the winner of, effectively, a one-candidate election.
Start of the second round.
"The Herald" reported on 21 May that the ZANU-PF run-off campaign would be launched by Mugabe on 25 May at the party's national headquarters in Harare. According to Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa, 2,000 people would be invited to attend this main launch, although other launches would be held in wards across the country. Speaking at a police recruit graduation ceremony on 21 May, Mugabe again blamed the MDC for the violence, saying that it was "on an evil crusade of dividing our people along political lines".
Tsvangirai announced on 22 May that he planned to return to Zimbabwe on 24 May. Tsvangirai accordingly arrived from South Africa at the airport in Harare on 24 May. Speaking at a press conference later that day, Tsvangirai said that he did not think a national unity government was possible. He also expressed certainty in victory and described meeting with people who had been injured in the violence. Meanwhile, a truck carrying 60,000 copies of "The Zimbabwean" newspaper into Zimbabwe from South Africa was hijacked and burned, destroying the newspapers on board.
At the ZANU-PF official campaign launch on 25 May, Mugabe stressed Tsvangirai's Western backing, stating that the UK and US were joyful over the result of the first round and that some Zimbabweans wanted to "sell country for candy, like children"; he said that Zimbabweans should instead "unite as a family against outsiders". In response to US Ambassador McGee's earlier call for Tsvangirai to return, he threatened to expel McGee from Zimbabwe, and he derided the MDC's claim of an assassination plot against Tsvangirai.
On 25 May, Tsvangirai attended the funeral of MDC activist Tonderai Ndira, who was, according to the MDC, killed on 14 May for political reasons after putting up posters. The MDC alleged that, out of 20 people who put up posters, three had been killed and five were missing, while four had been arrested and the remainder had gone into hiding. Meanwhile, in the "Sunday Mail", Chinamasa emphasised the critical nature of the second round for ZANU-PF, saying that "we are fighting with our backs to the wall". It was reported on the same day that the Pan African Parliament would send 30 observers, due to arrive on 13 June, with an advance team preceding them on 10 June.
In an article published in "The Herald" on 26 May, Mnangagwa expressed confidence that Mugabe would win, but said that Mugabe would "be the first one to go on national television to acknowledge the result to the people" if he lost. Angolan Foreign Minister João Bernardo de Miranda said on the same day that SADC would increase the number of observers it was sending for the second round "so as to assure greater transparency and trust in the process". The MDC had requested more observers; on 26 May, Chamisa said that the MDC wanted
"full coverage of all the polling stations", and he said that it was particularly important that the observers have a strong presence in rural areas, as the MDC believed that problems were more likely to occur there. He also requested that SADC send a security monitoring team.
On 27 May, Tsvangirai and Chamisa said that more than 50 supporters had been killed in the violence up to that point. According to Chamisa, important members of the MDC were being abducted and their bodies were being found a few days later. He also said that the MDC was given no access to the state media and that it was "almost impossible" for the party to hold rallies, with permission for the MDC's previous two rallies being given only after it appealed to the High Court. However, he said that the difficulties the party was facing were merely "birth pangs" marking the transition to a new Zimbabwe, noting that the codename for the MDC's campaign was "Let's Finish It". On the same day, three people, including two South Africans, were arrested in Bulawayo after police found broadcasting and computer equipment belonging to Sky TV, a British television network, hidden in a factory. According to state radio, the equipment had been there since 23 March; it also said that the arrested individuals had attempted to bribe the police with 25,000 rand.
Anglican Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams and Anglican Archbishop of Cape Town Thabo Makgoba expressed their concern regarding violence against worshippers to UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on 28 May. According to Williams and Makgoba, on 18 May security forces beat worshippers at churches in Harare and prevented them from attending church services.
Rather than endorse a candidate, Makoni called for the cancellation of the second round and the formation of a national unity government at a press conference on 29 May 2008, saying that this was urgently needed to prevent further violence. According to Makoni, there was evidence that some MDC supporters were engaging in retaliatory attacks against ZANU-PF. He said that a national unity government should exist on a transitional basis for two to five years, during which time healing and reconstruction would take place. He would not reveal whether he intended to ultimately support Tsvangirai, saying that if a second round could not be prevented, he and his Mavambo Kusile Dawn movement would "take a clear stand at the time".
Also on 29 May, Mugabe and his wife Grace visited the site of an alleged attack by MDC supporters at Shamva, in which a homestead was burned down. He said that they were deeply affected by seeing the destruction and warned the MDC that they should "stop immediately this barbaric campaign of burning and destroying people's homes". On this occasion, Grace told ZANU-PF supporters that, even if Tsvangirai won the second round, he would not be allowed to take office; she said that her husband would only leave office if he was succeeded by a member of ZANU-PF.
Meanwhile, it was reported by Michael Gerson, a columnist for "The Washington Post", a US newspaper, that Mbeki had sent a letter to Bush in April complaining about the US attitude towards Zimbabwe and its involvement in the situation.
On 30 May, Tsvangirai told the members of the MDC parliamentary caucus that, for the sake of healing, unity, and "moving the country forward", the MDC should try to co-operate with "those peaceful members of Zanu-PF whose eyes are open to the disastrous state of our nation", but he rejected any co-operation with ZANU-PF's "violent hawks". In this speech, which Tsvangirai described as a state of the nation address, he said that Zimbabwe was in "a state of despair" and was "an unmitigated embarrassment to the African continent" due to its economic situation; he also said that those engaging in political violence would receive no amnesty from his government. Tsvangirai said that the MDC's legislative program would be "based on the return of fundamental freedoms to the people of Zimbabwe". A new "people-driven constitution" would follow within 18 months, according to Tsvangirai, and a "truth and justice commission" would be established; the army would "defend our borders, not attack our people", while the prisons would "hold only criminals, not innocent people". He pledged that the party would introduce a new strategy combining "demand and supply-side measures" to bring inflation under control. Tsvangirai also promised the revival of agriculture, saying that the issue would be "completely depoliticized" and that there would be measures to "compensate or reintegrate" farmers who lost their land as part of land reform.
Chinamasa said in South Africa on 30 May that Tsvangirai was anti-Zimbabwean and that a victory for Tsvangirai would be disastrous and "destabilising". However, he expressed confidence in a victory for Mugabe, attributing Mugabe's failure to win in the first round to "complacency and overconfidence" among ZANU-PF supporters who neglected to vote. He said that the party was encouraging those supporters to vote in the second round. Regarding the violence, Chinamasa accused the US and British governments of encouraging it. Chinamasa also claimed that US Ambassador McGee was taking victims of the violence to the hospital and paying for their treatment, but that he was doing so only for MDC supporters; furthermore, he said that McGee was "moving round with journalists and photographers in places where there had been no violence", intending to "foment the violence in order to take pictures".
State media reported on 31 May that two ZANU-PF supporters had been killed by assailants believed to be MDC supporters. The MDC had planned to hold rallies in Hwange and Victoria Falls on the same day, but it was unable to do so because the police did not allow its supporters into the venues, according to Chamisa. He said that the police were obstructing the MDC on instructions from ZANU-PF. Eric Matinenga, the newly elected MDC MP for Buhera West, was arrested on 31 May for allegedly paying MDC supporters to attack war veterans; the MDC said that his arrest occurred when he went to visit MDC supporters who had already been arrested.
Continued campaigning, incidents.
Early on 1 June, Mutambara was arrested at his home in Harare. According to his lawyer, the arrest was due to an article he wrote in "The Standard" in April, which allegedly included "falsehoods" and "contempt of court"; in the article, Mutambara blamed Mugabe for the state of the economy and accused the security forces of committing abuses. The editor of "The Standard" was previously arrested in May due to this article. On 3 June, Mutambara was released on a bail of 20 million Zimbabwean dollars, with the next court date being set for 17 June. After the hearing on 3 June, he described his own suffering as minor compared to that of the people, saying that Mugabe's "human rights violations" would fail to accomplish their goals and vowing that "we will triumph over evil".
"The Herald" reported on 2 June that over 70 people had been arrested in connection with an attack on war veterans and ZANU-PF officials that occurred in Buhera district in the previous week; six people were injured in this violence. On 3 June, Tsvangirai declared in Bulawayo that he would continue campaigning even though Mugabe was "determined to turn the whole country into a war zone".
CARE International, a prominent international aid agency, said on 3 June that Minister of Labour and Social Welfare Nicholas Goche had ordered CARE to immediately suspend its activities at a meeting with the group on 30 May. This decision was based on allegations that members of CARE actively supported Tsvangirai, distributing literature in support of him and threatening to deny food to supporters of ZANU-PF; the suspension was to be followed by an investigation. CARE insisted that it had "a very strict policy against political activity", while the US government condemned the suspension. At the UN food summit in Rome, Mugabe said on 3 June that non-governmental organisations funded by the West "use food as a political weapon". Aside from CARE, two other NGOs, Save the Children and ASAP-Africa, said that they had been required to partially halt their activities.
The three arrested South Africans working for Sky News were sentenced to six months imprisonment on 3 June for illegal possession of broadcasting equipment. South African Foreign Minister Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma described the first round as "free and fair" on 3 June and expressed the hope that the second round would be held under similar conditions. "The Herald" reported on 4 June that SADC had again increased the number of observers it planned to send for the second round to between 300 and 400.
Tsvangirai was detained near Lupane on 4 June, along with his security team and other top MDC officials, such as Thokozani Khupe and Lovemore Moyo. A lawyer for the MDC said that Tsvangirai was alleged to have addressed a rally near Lupane without permission. His vehicle was stopped by police at a roadblock and his motorcade was searched; after two hours, he was taken to a police station. The MDC described this as "part of a determined and well-orchestrated effort to derail our campaign programme", while the US government called the incident "deeply disturbing" and the German government demanded his release; Amnesty International said that it was "part of a sudden, sharp and dangerous crackdown on political opposition in the run-up to the elections". Tsvangirai was released later on the same day after nine hours. Bvudzijena, the police spokesman, rejected any suggestion that the police were trying to interfere in Tsvangirai's campaign; he explained the detention by saying that the police had wanted to determine whether a vehicle in Tsvangirai's motorcade had valid registration. According to Bvudzijena, the police had wanted to take only the driver of this vehicle to the police station to review the relevant documents, but that Tsvangirai and the rest of his entourage insisted on coming as well. Although the MDC said that Tsvangirai was released only after being charged with "attracting a large number of people", Bvudzijena said that he had not been charged. In a statement on 5 June, Tsvangirai vowed to persevere, and the MDC said that he was continuing his campaign.
According to rights activists, ZANU-PF supporters bombed an MDC office in Masvingo Province on 4 June; they said that at least two MDC officials were killed in the blast.
On 5 June 2008, diplomats and local embassy staff from the US and UK investigating political violence were detained at a roadblock in the town of Bindura, from Harare, by police and military officers. It was claimed by those in the convoy that they were forced off the road at gunpoint after refusing to go to a police station. They reported that tyres on the vehicles were slashed and a Zimbabwean driver was attacked. None of the diplomats was harmed. A police spokesman claimed the officials were being rescued from a dangerous mob. The US government said the attack was "absolutely outrageous" and, along with the UK government, asked for an explanation of the incident. The Zimbabwean ambassador in London was summoned for an explanation.
Subsequently, Deputy Information Minister Matonga gave the government's account of the incident: he said that the diplomats had addressed a gathering at the home of an MDC member and that police arrived at the scene due to commotion. According to Matonga, the diplomats then fled the home but were stopped by the police at a roadblock; after they "refused to disembark", police "deflated the tyres of one of the vehicles". Matonga also expressed the government's outrage at the way the British and Americans were behaving, accusing them of provocations intended to elicit a government response that would "play into their hands". US State Department spokesperson Sean McCormack said that the US would not forget the incident and that it intended to complain at the UN Security Council.
Also on 5 June, the United Nations announced that it was sending UN Assistant Secretary-General for Political Affairs Haile Menkerios to Zimbabwe to discuss how the UN could assist in the electoral process. At the UN food summit in Rome a few days earlier, Ban Ki-moon had suggested to Mugabe the idea of sending Menkerios to Zimbabwe, and Mugabe agreed; Ban also stressed to Mugabe "the need to stop the violence and to deploy neutral international observers".
After meeting with Mbeki at the World Economic Forum Africa conference on 5 June, Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga said that Mbeki told him that both Mugabe and Tsvangirai recognised the need for a national unity government, but that they disagreed on the timing: Tsvangirai wanted it to be formed before the run-off was scheduled to be held, while Mugabe wanted it to be formed only after the run-off. Odinga also described Tsvangirai's detention as "detestable" and said that the crisis could only be resolved if South Africa took "a firm stand on the issue".
Also on 5 June, the government banned all international non-governmental organisations from working in Zimbabwe; Social Welfare Minister Goche informed the National Association of Non-Governmental Organisations that their activities were banned because they had been violating the terms of those of activities. The ban on NGO activities followed accusations that the agencies were supporting the MDC. They denied these accusations, and the administrator of one of them, the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), criticised the suspension as "a direct threat to the lives and well-being of tens of thousands of innocent people in Zimbabwe".
Following the incident involving the diplomats, Biti said at the World Economic Forum conference on 6 June that "it is almost as if the regime is sending out a message to the region, to the international community that it doesn't care, that it has no respect for life, it has no respect for the rule of law." On the same day, the US embassy said that McGee would formally complain to the Zimbabwean Foreign Ministry. Meanwhile, Bvudzijena said that the diplomats had brought the problem on themselves by failing to identify themselves to the police.
The police refused to allow the MDC to hold rallies in Glen Norah, Kambuzuma, Mufakose, and Chitungwiza, on the grounds that the MDC had expressed fears that its leaders could be assassinated; according to the police, it was necessary to prevent the rallies so that the lives of MDC leaders would not be endangered by their appearances at the rallies. The MDC, rejecting this decision, took the matter to the High Court on 6 June, and Judge Alphas Chitakunye ruled on 7 June that the rallies should be allowed to take place without police interference.
Having been released on 5 June, MDC elected MP Eric Matinenga was arrested again early on 7 June and charged with incitement to public violence. Although the charge of incitement was dismissed and Matinenga's release was ordered, police continued to keep Matinenga in custody; his lawyers argued that Augustine Chihuri, the police commissioner, was guilty of contempt of court for failing to release him, and they sought to have Chihuri arrested for this. "The Herald" also reported on 7 June that 28 MDC supporters and eight ZANU-PF supporters had been arrested in Buhera following the discovery of a variety of weapons.
Chamisa alleged on 8 June that ZANU-PF supporters had prevented the MDC from holding one of the three rallies it planned to have in Harare that day, despite the court ruling allowing the rallies to proceed. Tsvangirai was campaigning in Bulawayo at this time. On the same day, a court ordered that Matinenga be released. Meanwhile, according to "The Herald", MDC supporters killed a war veteran and wounded four other ZANU-PF supporters in an attack in Bikita district.
On 9 June, Deputy Attorney-General Johannes Tomana said in "The Herald" that anyone arrested for involvement in the violence would not be granted bail. Chamisa was critical of this, saying that the purpose of it was to keep MDC supporters in jail and predicting that it would not be applied to ZANU-PF supporters.
The South African newspaper "Business Day" reported on 10 June that representatives of ZANU-PF and the MDC (Chinamasa and Goche for ZANU-PF, Biti and Elton Mangoma for the MDC) had participated in a late May meeting in South Africa, chaired by South African Minister of Local Government Sydney Mufamadi, at which options for resolving the situation were discussed. Among the possibilities reportedly discussed was a national unity government in which Mugabe would remain President while Tsvangirai would take up a newly created post of Prime Minister, similar to the arrangement devised to resolve the Kenyan crisis earlier in 2008. Chamisa denied the existence of this meeting in South Africa. In Johannesburg, Makoni reiterated his opposition to holding the run-off and said that negotiations between the two parties on the formation of a unity government were underway. According to Makoni, both Mugabe and Tsvangirai had agreed to a unity government, but that an agreement had not been reached on who would be the "top person" under such an arrangement.
Also on 10 June, according to the MDC, ZANU-PF supporters threw rocks at the home of elected MDC Senator Empire Makamure and burned his car, in addition to setting ablaze two lorries belonging to a businessman thought to support the MDC. Tsvangirai said on the same day that there had been a ""de facto" coup d'état" and that Zimbabwe was "effectively now run by a military junta", but he vowed to continue his campaign. He said that Mugabe was ultimately to blame for what he described as "state-sponsored violence". According to Tsvangirai, 66 MDC supporters had been killed up to that point, in addition to 200 missing and 3,000 hospitalized. Furthermore, he said that if Mugabe was declared the winner of the election, that would only confirm "the illegitimacy of this regime". Tsvangirai was dismissive regarding speculation about a national unity government.
A new campaign bus for the MDC was debuted in Harare on 11 June. According to Chamisa, this 80-seat bus—painted with the MDC's colours and featuring Tsvangirai's image—was "a new concept to ensure we remain visible under circumstances of violence". Tsvangirai said that the party would go to "every town, village, to meet the people of Zimbabwe".
In Masvingo, ZANU-PF officials said on 11 June that they were sending war veterans to campaign for Mugabe and work against the MDC in the province. On the same day, the government announced that it was lowering taxes for low-wage workers. Meanwhile, the MDC claimed that the government was making people remove satellite dishes so that they would lack access to foreign television, but Minister of Information Sikhanyiso Ndlovu said that in fact only one war veteran had tried to make people take down the dishes and that the government had stopped him.
Biti returned to Zimbabwe on 12 June and was immediately arrested at the airport in Harare. Before his departure from Johannesburg, Biti said that he had already learned that he would be arrested, but maintained that his only crime was "fighting for democracy". Furthermore, he said that it was necessary for him to return to participate in the MDC's struggle, despite describing it as "a stupid decision" for him to do so. Biti also said on this occasion that talks on a national unity government had collapsed because the MDC insisted on having Tsvangirai as President and excluding Mugabe from the arrangement, while ZANU-PF insisted on Mugabe remaining President. He also expressed disappointment with regional efforts to resolve the situation and doubted that the UN would be able to resolve it, saying that Zimbabweans were "on their own – and the sooner we realise it, the better".
Following Biti's arrest, Bvudzijena, the police spokesman, said that he would be charged with treason, based on an MDC document about changing the government. Bvudzijena said that Biti would additionally be charged with making false statements "prejudicial to the state" due to his announcement of election results prior to their release by the Electoral Commission. US Ambassador McGee expressed deep concern on behalf of the US government, saying that the document in question was an unobjectionable statement of the MDC's plans and goals; according to McGee, another, more extreme version of the document existed, but it was forged. He called on SADC to send "three or four times" as many observers as the 400 it planned to send. McGee also alleged that 20 tons of US food aid had been confiscated and distributed to ZANU-PF supporters, contrary to its intended use, in the previous week. McGee said that he had complained about this misappropriation of food aid but that he had received no response: "The bottom line is, they don't care".
While campaigning on 12 June, Tsvangirai was detained twice; after being first detained in Kwekwe for about two hours, he was detained in Gweru, along with about 20 other MDC officials, for about four hours before being released.
At a ZANU-PF rally on 12 June, Mugabe said that war veterans had asked him after the first round if they could "take up arms". According to Mugabe, he replied that he did not want war, but he also vowed that the MDC would never take power, saying that the MDC would forfeit the gains of the liberation struggle and give Zimbabwe "back to our former oppressors, the whites".
On 13 June, Biti's lawyers said that they had not been allowed to meet with him, and they filed an urgent application with the High Court on the same day. The MDC said that it was "deeply worried" about Biti's welfare and that it had sent a team to police stations across Harare, hoping to determine where he was being held. Meanwhile, two MDC campaign buses were impounded by the police. The South African Litigation Centre said on the same day that a number of domestic non-governmental organisations in Zimbabwe had been ordered to cease operations by the police, while South African Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Aziz Pahad gave an assurance that his country would work to prevent a civil war from developing in Zimbabwe.
In an open letter on 13 June 39 prominent figures in Africa—including Kofi Annan, former heads of state, and civic leaders—called for a free and fair election, stressing that this was "crucial for the interests of both Zimbabwe and Africa".
Mugabe said at a rally on 14 June that he was willing to step aside at some point in favour of someone else from ZANU-PF, although he did not name the successor he envisioned or the time he planned for this to happen. He remarked, however, that he would "not grow old" "as long as the British still want to come here" and "until we know we no longer have sellouts among us". At a rally on 15 June, Mugabe said that the aid agencies had been suspended for exploiting the need for food aid by encouraging people who received the aid to vote for the MDC. Speaking at Silobela in Midlands Province, he said that "a mere X" (a vote) could not overturn the liberation struggle. In "The Herald" on 17 June, he again accused the MDC of orchestrating the violence and said that MDC leaders would soon be held responsible for violence committed by their supporters under a law regarding "vicarious responsibility and liability". He also said that hunger and the absence of commodities were not problems worth "selling the country" over.
In the March election, the MDC won 45 of the 46 local council seats in Harare, and Emmanuel Chiroto of the MDC was elected as Mayor of Harare by the councillors on 15 June. Ignatius Chombo, the Minister of Local Government, has not sworn in the new local administrations, and because the elected Harare councillors were not allowed to meet at Harare's Town House, they met elsewhere to elect Chiroto. On the night of 16 June, Chiroto's house in the suburb of Hatcliffe was attacked and destroyed by ZANU-PF supporters; Chiroto believed that petrol bombs were used. Chiroto's wife and son were taken away by the attackers, although his son was delivered to a police station on 16 June. His wife was subsequently found dead, and Chiroto went into hiding.
On 16 June, UN diplomat Menkerios arrived in Harare; he met with Mugabe on 17 June "to discuss the technical requirements for holding the election, to see what the UN can do to help build capacity for a free and fair election". On the same day, the Nelson Mandela Foundation announced that it had signed the open letter in support of a free and fair election, while Kenyan Prime Minister Odinga, speaking in Washington, DC, described Zimbabwe as "an eyesore on the African continent" and said that he was saddened by the silence of many African leaders regarding the situation. He also criticised the second round as a "complete sham". UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Louise Arbour said on 18 June that a member of her staff, who had arrived in Zimbabwe on 15 June, had been expelled from the country on 17 June. Also on 18 June, it was reported that Mbeki was visiting Zimbabwe, cancelling a trip to Sudan to do so. On that day, he and Mugabe met in Bulawayo. It was reported that they discussed Biti's arrest and the possibility of Mugabe meeting with Tsvangirai, but this was not confirmed. Mbeki met with Tsvangirai as well on 18 June. Mbeki reportedly wanted the second round to be cancelled in favour of a national unity government, believing that the second round would not resolve the situation. This attempt was reportedly unsuccessful, however.
Ban Ki-moon said on 18 June that he was alarmed by conditions in the period leading up to the election and that, if the situation did not improve, "the legitimacy of the election outcomes would be in question". Meanwhile, Gordon Brown described the Zimbabwean government as a "criminal cabal" and denied the possibility of a free and fair election under the existing circumstances, saying that international observers needed to be freely admitted. Rwandan President Paul Kagame was also critical, condemning the suggestions from ZANU-PF that it might not relinquish power if defeated, while Jacob Zuma also doubted that the election would be free and fair.
Also on 18 June, another elected MDC MP, Shuwa Mudiwa, was arrested in Harare for allegedly kidnapping a girl, while six other elected MDC MPs were declared to be wanted for allegedly engaging in violence. 11 MDC activists, accused of taking down posters of Mugabe and defacing them, were also arrested in Chinhoyi on the same day.
Biti was charged on 19 June. He faced four charges: "treason, communicating falsehoods prejudicial to the State, insulting President Mugabe and causing disaffection among the defence forces".. Prosecutors argued against granting bail to Biti, noting that the charges against him were so serious that he could be executed. The defence submitted an application to have the charges thrown out, but on 20 June magistrate Mishrod Guvamombe dismissed this application, saying that he believed there was "reasonable suspicion that the accused committed the said offence". Biti's next court appearance was set for 7 July, and Guvamombe ordered that he remain in custody until then.
With state media refusing to print or broadcast the MDC's campaign material, Chamisa said on 19 June that the party had applied to the High Court seeking an order to ensure that the MDC could have its campaign material in state media. The party also challenged the police ban on MDC rallies, as well as the practice of having members of the security forces vote early by postal ballot while their superior officers were present. Zimbabwe Broadcasting Holdings (ZBH) said that it did not broadcast the MDC's advertisements because it objected to the assertions of some of these advertisements that Tsvangirai had already won the election in the first round. It also objected to what it described as "hate language" used in some of the advertisements, while noting that other advertisements which did not include these things were acceptable. Chamisa also said that four MDC activists, allegedly abducted by ZANU-PF supporters on 17 June, had been found dead in Chitungwiza, near Harare; he placed the party's death toll up to that point at "about 70".
Also on 19 June, Tanzanian Foreign Minister Bernard Membe, speaking for SADC, said that there was "every sign that these elections will never be free nor fair". According to Membe, this evaluation was based on what 211 observers already present in Zimbabwe had seen; he said that the observers witnessed two people being shot and killed on 17 June.
Meanwhile, Mugabe, campaigning in Matabeleland North, said in reference to land reform that he would be ready to retire when he believed that "this legacy is truly in your hands people are empowered"; he said that he treasured all Zimbabwean soil and could not allow it to be given back to the British. At a rally in Bulawayo on 20 June, Mugabe said that he was appointed by God and that he could only be removed from office by God. He also said that the MDC claimed its supporters were being victimised only so that it could use this as a basis for allegations that the election was not free and fair.
Police Commissioner-General Augustine Chihuri said on 20 June that the MDC was primarily responsible for the violence, alleging that the party was using its Democratic Resistance Committees to intimidate voters in an effort "to influence the outcome of the elections". Chihuri stressed that the police would not tolerate any violence and said that they were enforcing the law fairly and without regard for political affiliation, despite the MDC's claims to the contrary. According to Chihuri, 390 MDC supporters had been arrested for political violence since the first round, along with 156 ZANU-PF supporters. On the same day, Chamisa suggested that the MDC might withdraw from the election, saying that there was "a huge avalanche of calls and pressure from supporters across the country, especially in the rural areas", expressing opposition to taking part in the run-off under the circumstances. Meanwhile, in a draft statement on 20 June, the EU said that it was prepared "to take additional measures against those responsible for violence", which was viewed as a threat to impose stronger sanctions on Zimbabwe.
Tsvangirai's withdrawal.
After a planned MDC rally in Harare on 22 June was prevented by ZANU-PF supporters, Tsvangirai announced at a press conference on the same day that he was withdrawing from the election due to the violence. He said that his supporters faced being killed if they voted for him and that under such circumstances he could not ask them to do so. According to Tsvangirai, a free and fair election was impossible for eight basic reasons: "state-sponsored violence" ("The police have been reduced to bystanders while Zanu PF militia commit crimes against humanity varying from rape, torture, murder, arson, abductions and other atrocities."); interference with the MDC's campaign, including its inability to hold rallies; the arrests of many members of the MDC, including important figures, thereby disrupting the party's organizational ability to campaign; Electoral Commission "partisanship" (although he said that the Electoral Commission was not really in control); media censorship, harassment of journalists, and the exclusion of foreign journalists; Mugabe's attitude and his suggestions that he would not accept defeat; and the existence of "an elaborate and decisive plan by Zanu PF to rig the elections", which included extensive intimidation, obstruction of MDC election agents, and ballot stuffing in the Mashonaland provinces. Tsvangirai said that the MDC would ultimately prevail and that its victory "can only be delayed".
Despite Tsvangirai's withdrawal, Information Minister Sikhanyiso Ndlovu said that the second round would nevertheless be held: "The constitution does not say that if somebody drops out or decides to chicken out the runoff will not be held". Chinamasa dismissed the MDC's decision as "threats", noting that it had not been formalised; he also said that it was too late to withdraw, and that any withdrawal should have occurred at least 21 days before the first round was held. Furthermore, he said that ZANU-PF would continue its campaign and "romp to victory". According to Chinamasa, Tsvangirai had only been prepared for a "sprint", not a "marathon", and by leaving the country for a substantial period—"globe-trotting and gallivanting in Europe"—he had enabled ZANU-PF to take the advantage in campaigning. Chinamasa stated that Tsvangirai realised, after returning to Zimbabwe, that he had lost the advantage, and preferred withdrawal to suffering defeat. Additionally, Chinamasa claimed that Tsvangirai had promised 1,000 United States dollars to each of his polling agents after the first round, but had failed to pay this amount to many of them, leading them to abandon him; he also alleged that MDC supporters were wearing ZANU-PF symbols while attacking people.
According to Dutch Foreign Minister Maxime Verhagen, Tsvangirai took refuge at the embassy of The Netherlands in Harare late on 22 June. The police again raided Harvest House, the MDC headquarters in Harare, on 23 June; according to MDC spokesman Luke Tamborinyoka, many of those who were in Harvest House had fled the building during the raid, but he said that police took away about 40 people. Bvudzijena, the police spokesman, said that the police had taken 39 people from the building for health reasons.
Mugabe said on 24 June that ZANU-PF was "open to discussion", but that the second round must be held first. He rejected any attempts at foreign interference or judgements from those with "ulterior motives", and he asserted that the election was a sovereign matter, with the decision belonging to the people alone. He noted that some other African elections had seen hundreds of deaths, but these elections had not received as much criticism from the West; Mugabe attributed this disparity to the West's alleged control of the MDC. He also derided Tsvangirai for taking refuge in the Dutch Embassy, saying that no one wanted to attack him and that he went to the Embassy due to anxiety about losing the election.
The MDC formally submitted Tsvangirai's withdrawal to the Electoral Commission on 24 June, but the Electoral Commission did not accept the withdrawal because it considered the withdrawal to have been filed too late. Also on 24 June, according to the MDC, its Senator-elect for Chimanimani, Mayemureyi Munhuri, was taken from her home at gunpoint along with her husband; the party said that about 30 other MDC activists were also abducted on that day. MDC MP-elect Pishai Muchauraya alleged that such abductions were becoming more common following Tsvangirai's withdrawal, and he accused the government of trying to prevent the withdrawal from becoming more widely known so that the second round would appear more legitimate.
Tsvangirai said in an interview with the British newspaper "The Times" on 26 June that if Mugabe went ahead with the election, there would be no further possibility of negotiations and he would "not speak to an illegitimate president". He also indicated that he did not anticipate leaving the Dutch Embassy in the near future, saying that he was "the prime target" and would not "take chances" regarding his safety; he claimed that the rule of law did not exist in Zimbabwe. Meanwhile, Tsvangirai stressed in another statement that he did not favour military intervention.
Biti was released on bail on 26 June.
International reaction.
Following Tsvangarai's withdrawal from the election, the UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said on 23 June that the election should be postponed as Tsvangarai's decision to withdraw was understandable because of the scale of violence against his supporters. He said that the "people of Zimbabwe have the right to choose their own leader." He has also talked to other African leaders (especially South Africa) on this issue and said that the elections should take place only when the conditions are conducive to a free and fair vote, adding that the situation in Zimbabwe at the moment was the "single greatest challenge to regional stability."
African Union Chairman of the Commission Jean Ping described the events as "a matter of grave concern". On 25 June, SADC called for the election to be delayed and for "meaningful talks" to take place between ZANU-PF and the MDC, stating that "the people of Zimbabwe can solve their own problems".
Representatives of South Africa's ruling African National Congress party rejected the idea of foreign intervention into Zimbabwean affairs, especially by the former colonial powers.
Zimbabwean Government reaction.
Zimbabwean officials hailed the decision by the United Nations Security Council to block efforts by the United Kingdom, the United States, and France to halt the run-off. The key role was played by South Africa's Ambassador to the UN, Dumisani Khumalo.
Second round voting and aftermath.
The second round was held as planned on 27 June, and Tsvangirai's name remained on the ballot. Voting took place over the course of 12 hours, ending at 7 pm. Mugabe and his wife Grace voted in Highfield Township, near Harare, and he said that he was "optimistic upbeat". Tsvangirai denounced the vote, describing it as "an exercise in mass intimidation", and called on other countries to not recognise the results, saying that to do so would mean "denying the will of the Zimbabwean people and standing in the way of a transition that will deliver peace and prosperity".
According to official media, turnout was high and the MDC's call for a boycott was not followed. "The Herald" described turnout as "massive". There were reports that some people were pressured or forced to vote, as well as reports that voter secrecy was not respected in some places.
The spokesman of the Pan-African Parliament (PAP) observer mission, Khalid A. Dahab, said that there was "a lot of tension" and the situation was "not normal". The PAP observer mission also said that there were a substantial number of spoiled ballots and that turnout was "very, very low". The BBC reported that ZANU-PF militias went to homes in townships near Harare to pressure people into voting. According to the Zimbabwe Election Support Network, people were forced to vote in rural areas.
Although results were expected on 28 June, the Electoral Commission announced on that day that they would be delayed so that the collation of votes from some rural areas could be completed. Also on 28 June, Mugabe declared that trends from the results showed him winning overwhelmingly; he said that he had won in all 26 of the constituencies in Harare, despite the MDC's victory there in the first round. Chamisa said on the same day that the election was "an unbelievable sham" and "a farce", and he criticised Mbeki for "acting as a shield for a rogue regime".
Human Rights Watch (HRW) said in a statement on 29 June that in two Harare neighbourhoods ZANU-PF supporters inflicted beatings on people who did not vote; non-voters were reportedly identified either by the absence of indelible ink on their fingers or by their absence from a list of those who had voted. HRW is part of a network of organisations associated with George Soros, which also includes the Open Society Initiative for Southern Africa and Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions, parent organisation of the MDC.
The Electoral Commission announced results on 29 June, showing Mugabe with 2,150,269 votes against 233,000 for Tsvangirai, or 85.51% of the vote; turnout was placed at 42.37%, and 131,481 ballots were spoiled. Mugabe was promptly sworn in for another term as President by Chief Justice Godfrey Chidyausiku at State House about an hour after the announcement of results.
Speaking immediately after being sworn in, Mugabe called for "serious dialogue" between political parties to promote greater "unity and cooperation". He also praised Mbeki's role in the situation, saying that the country was "indebted to his untiring efforts to promote harmony and peace", and he thanked "many African states, members of the Non-Aligned Movement, allies and friends in the United Nations Security Council and other progressive movements ... for their unwavering solidarity with us as we continue to face the vicious onslaught by Britain and its allies". Mugabe said that he was "honoured and humbled" by his re-election and pledged that his government would concentrate on empowering the people in all sectors of the economy as part of efforts to "improve the economy and living standards." Furthermore, he expressed satisfaction that, in his view, the electoral process had met "all constitutional requirements". He then left Zimbabwe later on the same day to attend an AU summit in Egypt.
Tsvangirai was invited to Mugabe's swearing in ceremony, but he refused to attend. According to a presidential spokesman, George Charamba, this invitation was extended to Tsvangirai "in the spirit of the president's wish to reach out" and that it was "a major step towards political engagement". The spokesman of the MDC-Mutambara faction, Gabriel Chaibva, attended the ceremony, saying that he expected to be criticised for his presence but that he felt it was necessary to look forward and embrace dialogue.
Biti rejected the possibility of power-sharing on 1 July, saying that by holding the election ZANU-PF had "totally and completely exterminated any prospect of a negotiated settlement". The government also dismissed the possibility on the same day, saying that Zimbabwe could solve its political issues in its own way, without copying the Kenyan power-sharing model.
After the AU called for dialogue between ZANU-PF and the MDC, Mbeki said on 2 July that Mugabe was agreeable to this and expressed his commitment to dialogue. Information Minister Ndlovu also expressed the government's commitment to dialogue and said that the AU's resolution was in line with Mugabe's statements at his inauguration. Tsvangirai, however, rejected dialogue, saying that violence and "persecution" must stop first. He also said that dialogue should lead to the establishment of a transitional government, the creation of a new constitution, and then a new election, rather than merely a national unity government.
On 2 July, CNN reported that 220 Zimbabweans fled to the US Embassy in Harare, seeking refuge from election-related violence. Many of the refugees are supporters of MDC.
Although the AU summit called for dialogue and a national unity government, it declined to adopt the kind of tough measures against Zimbabwe that were favoured by Western countries. Mugabe returned to Zimbabwe on 4 July and was welcomed by a celebratory crowd of about 4,000 at the airport in Harare. Speaking at the airport, he said that dialogue would only be possible if the opposition acknowledged his victory, declaring that the votes of his supporters would "never be thrown away". Chamisa said on the same day that this condition was unacceptable.
Negotiations between the MDC and ZANU-PF regarding the formation of a national unity government began later in July. Human Rights Watch released a report on 12 August 2008 in which it said that at least 163 people had been killed by ZANU-PF supporters throughout the election period and up to the time of the report; 32 of these deaths, according to the report, occurred after the second round, and two of them had occurred after the start of negotiations. The report also said that 5,000 people had been beaten and tortured, and it described criminal charges against 12 elected MDC members of parliament as "politically motivated".
In early August, the Supreme Court ruled that the Electoral Commission's refusal to accept the nomination papers of Zimbabwe People's Party leader Justine Chiota was unlawful. Chiota followed this up by applying to the Supreme Court for the election to be nullified.
Talks between parties.
Preliminary talks to set up conditions for official negotiations began between leading negotiators from both parties on 10 July, and on 22 July, the three party leaders met for the first time in Harare to express their support for a negotiated settlement of disputes arising out of the presidential and parliamentary elections. Negotiations between the parties officially began on 25 July and are currently proceeding with very few details released from the negotiation teams in Pretoria, as coverage by the media is barred from the premises where the negotiations are taking place. The talks were mediated by South African President Thabo Mbeki.
A final deal was reached on 11 September 2008, possibly with Tsvangirai chairing the council of ministers and Mugabe chairing a new national security council.

</doc>
<doc id="18363379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363379" title="Yvonne Maria Schaefer">
Yvonne Maria Schaefer

Yvonne Maria Schaefer (born September 28, 1975), is a German actress, model and producer.
Early life.
Yvonne Maria Schaefer was born and raised in Frankfurt, Germany. Schaefer grew up in Frankfurt, as the older of two children, with her mother Ingrid and her father Claus-Peter, who was a pilot. She began early on her career as a model and actress. As a child, Schaefer studied ballet while also doing theatre and performed in several stage productions. Her model career started off when she was 3 years old. Schaefer was discovered by a child photographer, who worked for major European catalogue companies. Later on Schaefer worked internationally as a model and was represented by agencies in Europe, Asia and South Africa. Her modeling work has included campaigns for designers and sportswear companies including Ferrari, Gucci, Nike, Wolford, and Triumph. In the 1990s, meanwhile studying psychology at the Goethe University Frankfurt, Schaefer resumed her work as an actress and focused on her acting career. She studied drama with acting teachers and coaches. During her studies, she worked worldwide in Films, TV Series and stage productions.
Through her passion and participation in extreme sports, the Maxim Lifestyle Magazine voted Yvonne Maria Schaefer as the "Action Girl".
Career.
Yvonne Maria Schaefer has worked worldwide in films, TV Series and stage productions. She appeared internationally in newspapers and magazines.
After living part-time in Asia and Mallorca and Malaga, Spain, where she starred in Spanish films, such as "Trece", Schaefer moved in 2008 to New York City and founded the Film Production Company YMC Films in 2008. In the USA Schaefer has been working as an actress and a producer.
With her production company YMC Films, Schaefer co-produced the thriller "The Child", an adaptation of the novel by Sebastian Fitzek. In the film "The Child", Schaefer starred alongside Eric Roberts, playing the role of Sophie Stern. She starred in the film Forget Me Not, opposite Peter Greene, directed by Federico Castelluccio. The film was selected and winning international film festivals. Schaefer played the character Ece, an Arabic mother and wife of a strict Moslem Diplomat, in the comedy TV Pilot Man of the House directed by Chris Backus, with Mira Sorvino and Fergie. In Keep Your Enemies Closer Schaefer was the female lead, starring alongside Manny Pérez and William Sadler.
In the award winning film "Lily of the Feast", she had a scene with Paul Sorvino.

</doc>
<doc id="18363381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363381" title="Metstaga">
Metstaga

Metstaga is a settlement in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18363396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363396" title="Klaatu (comics)">
Klaatu (comics)

Klaatu is a fictional Marvel Comics alien. He first appeared in "The Incredible Hulk" vol. 2 #136 (Feb 1971). His character history was a thinly veiled pastiche of Moby Dick.Moby Dick is considered to be a symbol of a number of things, among them God, nature, fate, the ocean, and the very universe itself.It can be assumed,that "Klaatu"-a name barrowed from the Christ like alien of The Day the Earth Stood Still,is also a similar symbol,but watered down for a comic book audience. Klaatu's origin story is reprinted in "The Essential Incredible Hulk Volume 3".
Fictional character biography.
Klaatu was once attacked by the Andromeda Starship, in a manner reminiscent of terrestrial whaling. Klaatu destroyed the craft carrying a young "oarsman" who was badly burned as a result, requiring nearly half his body to be reconstructed with cybernetics. This young man grew up to become the obsessed Captain Cybor, who would stalk Klaatu for the rest of his life as captain of the Andromeda Starship.
On Earth, in New York City during a power shortage, the Hulk jumped to the top of the Empire State Building, as he sensed a disturbance there. At the top of the building the Hulk saw the Andromeda Starship and a harpoon-wielding Xeron the Star-Slayer, while an immaterial Klaatu emerged from the building itself, causing a complete blackout in the city. A confused Hulk attacked Klaatu, to no effect, and the creature disappeared, telling the Hulk it was going to consume all the electricity of the city. Xeron, irritated at the Hulk for causing him to lose his quarry, knocked him unconscious with an energy harpoon. Upon waking, the Hulk was attacked by the ship's first mate, the Abomination.
The Andromeda Starship later confronted Klaatu again, and Xeron and Cybor were able to mortally wound the creature before their own ship was severely damaged in the process. While Xeron tried to save the ship and its crew, Cybor fell onto the creature's back as it drifted into space and apparently into the sun, presumably to both their deaths, while the Andromeda Starship appeared stranded in space.
Years later it is revealed that Klaatu was not killed, but rejuvenated by the sun's energies, and had saved Xeron and Cybor and the Andromeda Starship. The Hulk encountered him again in the Crossroads, an interdimensional nexus in which the Hulk was then trapped. The Hulk, in a more feral state of mind, attacked Klaatu, again to no effect. Klaatu departs before the arrival of the Andromeda Starship, which is still pursuing Captain Cybor's vendetta, and which captures the Hulk, and then follows Klaatu into "Ocean World".
The Andromeda Starship confronts Klaatu again, but must break off the attack when the Hulk wakes up and starts tearing the ship apart. The starship again finds Klaatu, and again apparently mortally wounds it with several energy harpoons. Angered, the creature destroys the ship, killing its entire crew. The Hulk takes pity on Klaatu, however, and removes the energy harpoons from its body, presumably saving its life.
Powers and abilities.
Klaatu is a member of the extraterrestrial race called the Herm, and as such it is immensely powerful, and has been described as power incarnate. It can drain power off of large areas, such as New York, and add to its own power. It can disperse its atoms to feed on a larger area and then bring them back together. It is huge, about as tall as a skyscraper, and is unable to be harmed by physical force, and the Hulk's mightiest blows did absolutely nothing. It is made up of energies and needs to consume them to survive. It can draw power from any electromagnetic energy source. It could fly through space unaided. It is however, susceptible to certain technology, which can injure, and even destroy it, such as special energy harpoons wielded by Xeron the Star-Slayer, and special energy blasts from the Andromeda Starship1. It also cannot live for too long in an environment that is rich with oxygen.

</doc>
<doc id="18363412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363412" title="Punsa">
Punsa

Punsa is a settlement in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18363427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363427" title="2005–06 Bundesliga (women)">
2005–06 Bundesliga (women)

The Bundesliga (women) 2005–06 was the 16th season of the Bundesliga (women), Germany's premier football league. It began on 14 August 2005 and ended on 5 June 2006.
Final standings.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="18363440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363440" title="GCR Class 8">
GCR Class 8

The Great Central Railway Class 8 - London North Eastern Railway Class B5 - was a class of 4-6-0 steam locomotives. They were nicknamed "Fish Engines" on delivery, due to their use on the fast fish deliveries from Grimsby to places like London, the duty they were designed for. The last was withdrawn in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="18363467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363467" title="Tiastõ">
Tiastõ

Teaste is a settlement in Misso Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18363474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363474" title="Dead Prez discography">
Dead Prez discography

This is the discography of hip hop group Dead Prez.

</doc>
<doc id="18363476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363476" title="The Clarendonians">
The Clarendonians

The Clarendonians are a ska and rocksteady vocal group from Jamaica, active initially from the mid to late 1960s. They reformed in the 1990s and continue to perform live.
History.
The Clarendonians were originally Fitzroy "Ernest" Wilson and Peter Austin (who would also record as part of The Soul Lads), both from Hayes in Clarendon Parish, the duo coming together in 1963. The duo won several talent contests and recorded their debut single, "A Day Will Come" at Federal Records with producer Leslie Kong. They came to the attention of Studio One boss and producer Clement Dodd, while they were still in their early teens. Dodd took the duo into the studio, and recorded a series of singles (including "Rudie Gone a Jail", "Sho Be Do Be", "Rudie Bam Bam", "You Can't Be Happy", and "Darling Forever" - all chart-toppers in Jamaica, and "You Can't Keep a Good Man Down") that helped to define the 'rude boy' era of ska, alongside the other (initially less successful) young vocal group that Dodd was working with, The Wailers. Dodd expanded the group to a trio with the addition of a seven year old Freddie McGregor (who had to stand on a crate to reach the microphone), although they would often still record as a duo, with McGregor and Wilson recording as Freddie & Fitzie, and McGregor and Austin recording as Freddie & Peter.
Austin became disaffected with Dodd in the late 1960s and went on to record as a solo artist for producer Ken Lack, also recording a brace of tunes for producer Phil Pratt, but failed to match the success of his colleagues. He went on to work as an aviation supervisor at Norman Manley International Airport.
Ernest Wilson was the first member to establish himself as a solo artist, with singles such as "Storybook Children" and "If I Were a Carpenter", and briefly recorded under the name 'King Shark', and with The Techniques. He continued to be sporadically successful through to the 1990s.
McGregor took some time to establish himself as a solo artist, working at Studio One as a session drummer and backing singer, but found success with "Bobby Bobylon", and since the late 1970s has been one of the biggest names in reggae.
Wilson and Austin reformed The Clarendonians in the 1990s and in 2013 performed to celebrate the group's fiftieth anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="18363485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363485" title="Laanemetsa">
Laanemetsa

Laanemetsa () is a village in Taheva Parish, Valga County in southeastern Estonia. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 65.

</doc>
<doc id="18363507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363507" title="Roscoe Diner">
Roscoe Diner

The Roscoe Diner, located in the hamlet of Roscoe in Sullivan County, New York is a frequent stopping point for those traveling Route 17 between New York City and Western New York. It was built in 1964 and is considered to be one of the busiest and most well known restaurants along Route 17. Although Roscoe is a small town with a population of less than 600 at the time of the 2000 census, the diner served anywhere between several hundred and a thousand meals each day at its peak although numbers have declined in recent years due to a decline in trout fishing, the region's main draw. 2006 floods in the region came close but did not damage the diner. One of the diner's specialties is its famous French Toast, featuring generous slabs of bread that are 1.5" thick.
Notoriety.
During the 2010 NFL Preseason, the Roscoe Diner was the site of several negotiation meetings between the management of the New York Jets and the representatives of Darrelle Revis during Revis' holdout from the club due to a contract dispute. The prologue and outcome of the meetings were chronicled on the HBO documentary series Hard Knocks: Training Camp With The New York Jets. Revis ended his holdout and signed with the Jets on September 6, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18363518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363518" title="Pältre">
Pältre

Pältre is a settlement in Misso Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18363524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363524" title="Paul Brown (Australian footballer)">
Paul Brown (Australian footballer)

Paul Brown (born 6 May 1969) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the AFL during the 1990s.
Geelong recruited Paul Brown from Echuca and he started his career with them in 1990, going on to become a versatile player who was used at both ends of the ground. He spent the 1992 season primarily up forward and kicked 37 goals for the year. From then on he played mostly in defence although he ventured forward on occasions, including in Geelong's round five game against Fitzroy in 1995 when he kicked seven goals. After appearing in both the 1994 and 1995 Grand Finals, both losses, he ruptured a patella tendon which forced him into retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="18363536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363536" title="Koemetsa">
Koemetsa

Koemetsa () is a village in Mõniste Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18363556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363556" title="Sadramõtsa">
Sadramõtsa

Sadrametsa is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18363573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363573" title="Lalkaar">
Lalkaar

Lalkaar is a 1972 Bollywood action film directed by Ramanand Sagar.
Plot.
Two battle hardened brothers, one in the Royal Indian Air Force (RIAF) and the other in the Royal Indian Army get ready to face and fight the stubborn Japanese invaders in Burma during World War II while falling in love with the same girl (Mala Sinha).

</doc>
<doc id="18363580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363580" title="Tsiistre">
Tsiistre

Tsiistre is a settlement in Misso Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18363583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363583" title="Live-Ism">
Live-Ism

Live-Ism is a concert video by the Swedish pop duo Roxette, released on VHS and Laserdisc on in August 1992. It features footage from a concert in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, filmed on December 13, 1991, during the Join The Joyride! World Tour 1991/92, as well as behind the scenes footage and the Music video for "How Do You Do!".

</doc>
<doc id="18363600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363600" title="Aluísio da Silva Neves Júnior">
Aluísio da Silva Neves Júnior

Club career.
Júnior previously played for Botafogo in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A and Paysandu and Nacional de Patos in the Copa do Brasil. He also had a spell with Bursaspor in the Turkish Süper Lig.

</doc>
<doc id="18363619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363619" title="Tuuka">
Tuuka

Tuuka is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18363625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363625" title="Wairarapa North">
Wairarapa North

Wairarapa North is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate, from 1881 to 1887.
Population centres.
The previous electoral redistribution was undertaken in 1875 for the 1875–76 election. In the six years since, New Zealand's European population had increased by 65%. In the 1881 electoral redistribution, the House of Representatives increased the number of European representatives to 91 (up from 84 since the 1875–76 election). The number of Māori electorates was held at four. The House further decided that electorates should not have more than one representative, which led to 35 new electorates being formed, including Wairarapa North, and two electorates that had previously been abolished to be recreated. This necessitated a major disruption to existing boundaries.
Wairarapa North was centred on the largest Wairarapa town of Masterton, with its southern boundary south of Masterton.
History.
The Wairarapa North electorate in the Wairarapa district of New Zealand and the adjacent Wairarapa South electorate were formed for the by splitting the old electorate. These electorates existed for two elections from 1881 to 1887, when Wairarapa North was renamed Masterton, and Wairarapa South became the new Wairarapa electorate.
Between 1871 and 1881, the previous Wairarapa electorate had been a two-member electorate. In the 1871 election, one of the incumbents, Henry Bunny, who had represented Wairarapa since a by-election in , was beaten by Walter Clarke Buchanan in the Wairarapa South electorate. The other incumbent, George Beetham, was challenged by Alfred Renall in the Wairarapa North electorate. Beetham and Renall received 670 and 351 votes, respectively, and Beetham was thus declared elected.
In the , the incumbent Buchanan was challenged by William Wilson McCardle. Beetham and McCardle received 542 and 517 votes, respectively.
In 1887, when Wairarapa North was abolished, Beetham became the MP for the new electorate.
Election results.
Wairarapa North was represented by one MP for all six years.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="18363630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363630" title="Devil Hunter">
Devil Hunter

Devil Hunter can refer to more than one fictional character:

</doc>
<doc id="18363669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363669" title="Continuous duty overnight">
Continuous duty overnight

Continuous duty overnights (CDOs) are also referred to as "stand-ups", "naps", or "high-speeds" and is a scheduling practice used in regional airline operations to circumvent, or "outsmart" government flight crew minimum rest requirements. A few major airlines (such as US Airways) also use them.
A crew working a CDO will generally operate the last flight out at night, have on duty time on the ground (anywhere from 0–8 hours) at the destination and then operate the first flight back in the morning. Since the break between flights is not sufficient to qualify as a free from duty rest period, the crewmembers remain continuously on duty, even though they may have been provided with a hotel room for rest. Crew members would normally require 9 hours of consecutive rest for a scheduled flight time of less than 8 hours. Since crews can legally be kept on duty up to 16 hours the airlines use this to circumvent the Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA) minimum crew rest requirements by keeping the crew on duty for the entire night. 
Another factor is delays. Because of this set up; delays taken throughout the day that result in a delay the last flight (first flight of a CDO) do not impact the first flight the next day. It would simply reduced the amount of time the crew are on the ground. 
The continuous duty overnight schedule could be flown 3–5 times consecutively (i.e., back-to-back).
Examples of a CDO.
Flight crew is to report to the airport at 2040 (8:40 pm), which means the crew will have to arrive earlier to park, clear airport security, and get to their operations office to check in. Then they would fly from 2147 to 0037 (2-hour, 50-minute flight). Once at their destination they have 6 hours 13 minutes on the ground. In that time they have to ride to and check in (about 20 minutes) at the hotel. They would get to their hotel room about 0100 and have to be awake at 0530 (30 minutes to get ready) for the 0600 shuttle to the airport. Leaving the crew about 4 hours and 30 minutes of “rest”. A 0650 departure and 2-hour, 18-minute return trip gets them at the gate at 0908. After unloading they would be released (still at the aircraft) at 0923. That is a total of 12 hours and 43 minutes on duty and 5 hours and 8 minutes of flying.
Flight crew would report at 2100, fly from 2200 to 2300, then "stand-up" on duty overnight from 2315 to 0515, then fly 0600 to 0700, followed by a rest period from 0700 to 1700. The flight crew would then report at 1700, fly 1800 to 1900, then "stand-up" on duty 1915 to 0115, and then fly 0200 to 0300. This example involves only one-hour flight examples, a clear underestimation of actual flight times and number of segments that might typically be flown.
Other issues.
Some crews are not provided a hotel by their airline or want to make the most of their time on the ground and resort to sleeping in the aircraft. Pilots take off their ties and hang up their shirts. "You don't want to look unprofessional after sleeping in an aircraft," another pilot said. "There are some people that bring sleeping bags and pillows and their own blankets so they don't have to use the airline blankets." In airline slang, this is called 'a camp out.' 
A Small Sampling of Incidents/Accidents from CDOs.
Runway incursion at Cleveland Hopkins International
Runway incursion at Baltimore-Washington International Airport
Broke 10,000 speed restriction near DTW
Takeoff from the wrong runway at La Crosse
Crew taxied to the incorrect runway at Jacksonville
Low altitude on an ILS approach at Akron-Canton
Takeoff without clearance at Cincinnati
Takeoff in the wrong aircraft at La Crosse
Takeoff without required fuel at Atlanta
Lined up to land on the wrong runway at Chicago O'Hare
Runway incursion at Dallas Fort Worth
Takeoff in the wrong aircraft in Denver
Runway incursion at Kalamazoo

</doc>
<doc id="18363688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363688" title="Daniel Clement Colesworthy">
Daniel Clement Colesworthy

Daniel Clement Colesworthy (14 July 1810 – 1 April 1893) was an American printer, bookseller, and poet. He was born in Portland, Maine in 1810, the son of Daniel P. and Anna Collins Colesworthy. He became a printer, having served an apprenticeship in the office of Arthur Shirley, beginning at the age of fourteen years. Early in his life, he became the editor and publisher of a young people's paper first known as "The Sabbath School Instructor", and afterwards "Moral Reformer", and "Journal of Reform", which did not last many years.
In June, 1840, he commenced the publication of a small semi-monthly paper call "The Youth's Monitor", which he continued for about two years. In 1841 he printed the first number of a weekly literary paper, the "Portland Tribune", which he continued for four years and ten weeks, and in June, 1845, sold his interest in the paper to John Edwards, who was publisher of the "Portland Bulletin". The two papers, becoming united, were called the "Tribune and Bulletin".
Colesworthy kept a book store on Exchange Street, and for a while in the basement of the old Mariners' church Building, on the corner of Fore and Moulton Streets. 
He afterwards, and before 1851, moved to Boston and opened a bookstore on Cornhill. He was also proprietor of another store in the immediate vicinity, having his home in Chelsea. 
He was a voluminous writer, both in prose and verse, seeking to instruct as well as amuse his readers. Among his publications are several volumes of poetry, including the following in order of publication: "The Opening Buds," "A Group of Children," "The Year," and "School is Out." The latter of these was published in 1876, with copious notes, that were valuable for their biographical and historical data. The following notable quotation is from this work.
His son, William Gibson Colesworthy (1851–1907), attended Harvard and Boston University, entered his father's business in 1877 and carried on his father's bookstore at 66 Cornhill until his own death in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="18363691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363691" title="Ristemäe">
Ristemäe

Ristemäe is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18363714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363714" title="33d Rescue Squadron">
33d Rescue Squadron

The 33d Rescue Squadron (33 RQS) is part of the 18th Wing at Kadena Air Base, Japan. It operates HH-60 Pave Hawk aircraft conducting search and rescue missions.
History.
The 33d has performed search, rescue, and recovery missions from 1952–1960, 1961–1970, and since 1971. The squadron flew missions in support of the Vietnam War from 1965–1967. The 33d supported operations following the seizure of the "USS Pueblo" by North Korea between 29 January and 16 September 1968 and aided search efforts and salvage operations from September–October 1983, after a Soviet fighter aircraft shot down South Korean airliner KAL 007.
Operations.
Operation Enduring Freedom- Multiple deployments from 2005–present

</doc>
<doc id="18363718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363718" title="Fideicommissum">
Fideicommissum

The fideicommissum was one of the most popular legal institutions in Roman Law for several centuries. It translates from the Latin word "fides" (trust) and "committere" (to commit), meaning that something is committed to one's trust.
Exegesis.
This fragment dates back to the time of Augustus, who for the first time sets up certain requirements for the institution of the "fideicommissum". The institution itself was first mentioned in 200 BC (Terence, "Andria" 290–98: "tuae mando fide").
A appoints B as an heir acting as a "fiduciarius" entrusted with passing the inheritance on to C, the so-called "fideicommisarius".
Purpose and enforceability.
The "fideicommissum" made possible that the "heres" could be left with the grantors desire to hand over the estate to the "proscripti", and the transfer would be carried out between them.
"Inst". 2.23.1 shows it was Augustus who made the "fideicommissum" legally binding by favouring it in individual cases. Thus its acceptance was directly based on Emperor’s Acts, but even previous to this the "fideicommissum" never lacked enforceability. The true reason for it lies in the nature of the institution itself. Personal security in Rome was far more important than it is today, mostly because the Romans attached more weight to the duties of a friendship. Therefore certain legal institutions were simply based on "bona fides" (e.g. the "tutela", "societas", "depositum"), which did not decrease but rather enforce their security. Breach of a fiduciary agreement lead inevitably to being "infamis", which meant the lifetime incapability of taking part in any commercial actions. This threat was force enough, and ensured the "fiduciaries" would not fail. As a matter of "honores", consideration was not required.
Applicability.
The great success of the "fideicommissum" as a clever "fraus legi fracta" is proved by reference to its long usage (redefined by Justinian I, it may have by his reign existed up to 700 years). The reasons lie in the great variety of cases it could deal with and the lack of formal requirements which had to be met.
The practical informality and flexibility of "fideicommissum" is described in "Inst". 2.23.2. There was no need for a certain formula, any word describing the beneficiaries, such as "rogo", "peto", or "volo", employed with the term ""fidei tuae committo"" sufficiently instituted a "fideicommissum". It could be constituted in a will or in a "codicil", made orally or even declared by mere gestures. Most attractive of all, it could be added or revoked or varied after the "institutio heredes" itself. Taking all these advantages in account, it is not surprising that the "legatus", with its strict formal requirements, was far less popular. In later eras, a gradual assimilation of "legates" and "fideicommissa" took place; under Justinian, the two institutions were fused, in an example of the vulgarisation of Roman Law after its classic era.
Restricted "capacitas".
Most important, the "fideicommissum" enabled transferring property by will to those excluded from inheriting. The "lex Voconia" in 169 BC for example did not allow women to be appointed as an heir of Romans listed as wealthy by the "censor". Later, Augustus enforced his "leges Julia" by introducing harsh "leges caducariae", which punished the unmarried and the childless by denying their "capacitas", the privilege of inheriting (the "Lex Julia de Maritandis Ordinibus" was passed in 18 BC and the "lex Papia Poppeia" in 9 AD ("Inst". 1.145)). The "fideicommissum" but enabled a prosperous "pater familias" to appoint his "amicus" as an heir, who would then be trusted with transferring the inherited property to the unmarried "filia". This would ensure her being provided for after his death.
Settlements.
Holding property within a family was of great importance for several reasons. Practically, it ensured the survival of the "familia", its name and wealth. Furthermore it was demanded by the sacral necessity of worshipping the "penates", who would cease to exist if the family did. Most important though, the Roman aristocracy relied on a careful and necessary balance of property, to ensure a balance of power. This could be guaranteed by installing a "fideicommissum". It was able to regulate the succession of several generations by will and hence incorporates the Roman root of family settlements. Unlike "legates", which only allowed passing estate on to a "heres", and "usufructus", which required a determinate person, the "fideicommissum" could be granted to "incertae personae". Using a fideicommissary substitution (making one "fideicommissum" subject to another, enabling the preservation of property within a family for generations through successive trusts) the grantor could therefore direct his "filius" to transfer the estate on to his son at death and so on in perpetuity.
Legacies.
"Legates" are by nature very similar to the "fideicommissum", but the latter did not suffer from the same restrictions. "Legates" could only be charged on a "heres", and the "lex Falcidia" in 41 BC constrained the legacy to three quarters of the entire inheritance. This of course did not apply for the "fideicommissum" and with such could be evaded.
Freeing slaves.
Another existing use of the "fideicommissum" is described in G 2.263-266: "libertas quoque servo per fideicommissum dari potest" if the "heres" or "legatarius" is requested to perform the "manumissio" to become the "patronus" of the slave so freed. 
Freeing slaves was attractive for the "dominus" for several reasons. Firstly, he could get rid of slaves who were of no use to him (because they were thugs, uneducated or incapable of working). Secondly, a freed slave owed the dominus who freed him "honor et sequi", including the procession to the grave. This led to a great number of slaves being freed on the death bed. Rome was gradually crowding with freed slaves, enlarging the poor classes within society. Therefore Augustus passed laws against luxury. They restricted liberation of slaves, but could be partly evaded by the "fideicommissum". The "fideicommissum" also gave way to granting the rights of a "patronus" to the person who was committed to freeing the slave.

</doc>
<doc id="18363776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363776" title="Anastacio Caedo">
Anastacio Caedo

Anastacio Tanchauco Caedo (14 August 1907–12 May 1990) was a Filipino sculptor. His style of sculpture was classical realist in the tradition of his mentor, Guillermo Tolentino. He produced commissioned representational sculptures mainly monuments of national heroes and successful Filipino politicians, businessmen, and educators. He was born in Macao, China and was brought here at the age of fourteen and stayed in Batangas with his parents Arsenio Caedo and Genoveva Tanchauco. His siblings were Esteban Tanchauco Caedo and Marcial Tanchauco Caedo.
Education.
At the age of 14,entary education at Calaca Elementary School in Batangas. In 1925, he entered the University of the Philippines (UP) School of Fine Arts. Even though lacking the required High School diploma in order to enter the university, Caedo made it to the UP College of Fine Arts through the direct recommendation of Professor Guillermo Tolentino. Thus, Caedo studied night high school while taking up Fine Arts at the UP.
Career.
Caedo's career as a sculptor began in the year 1925 when he worked with Guillermo E. Tolentino's atelier as student-assistant and protégé. He assisted Tolentino in creating most of his landmark commissions like: the "UP Oblation"; the "Bonifacio Monument" in Caloocan City; the "Rizal Monument" in front of the Rizal Provincial Capitol; and the "Shaw Monument" at Shaw Boulevard in Mandaluyong to name a few.
He graduated in 1932 from the UP College of Fine Arts
The U.P Oblation statue was actually modeled after the physique of Caedo because of his lean and muscular body (he was an amateur bodybuilder). Tolentino later relegated the task of building the other Oblation figures in U.P. Baguio and Manila to Caedo.
After World War II, Caedo was able to establish himself as a sculptor on the commissions from the Jesuits. He executed at least eight major works for the Jesuits. He was also commissioned to build the MacArthur Landing site in Palo, Leyte, as well as other monuments of Philippine national heroes.
Caedo was known for injecting vitality and breathing life into his sculptures, which became the hallmarks of his style. He was also commissioned to build the monuments of Bonifacio in Balintawak, Rizal in Germany, Juan Luna in Madrid, Apolinario Mabini in Manila, and Chief Kipua in Guam. He ultimately became known as a monument builder, and he built more monuments around the world than any other Filipino sculptor. For his lifelike bust of Rizal and his numerous monuments on Rizal, he was conferred the title "Knight Grand Commander" by the Order of the Knights of Rizal.
In 1951, he became a faculty member of the UP School of Fine Arts where he served for 20 years. He was appointed as Head of the Sculpture division of UP Fine Arts from 1957 to the early 1980s. His students and apprentices included Eduardo Castrillo, Abdul Mari Imao, and Ross Arcilla. Caedo's son, Florante Caedo, also learned sculpture from him, and became a noted sculptor in his own right.
Professor Caedo is also known as a meticulous portrait sculptor. His clients included Presidents Aguinaldo, Quezon, Osmeña, Quirino, Aquino, and Marcos. He also created several portrait busts of famous movie stars, politicians, and businessmen.
Achievements and Famous Sculptural Works.
Professor Caedo refused several times the nomination to become a National Artist in 1983, 1984, and 1986. He died in 1990 at the age of 83.
Personal life.
Professor Caedo was married in 1937 to Ms. Florencia Beltran (1921–2003 )of Bicol. They had six children, one of whom-Florante Caedo- became a noted sculptor in his own right. Professor Caedo was known as a philanthropist, regularly donating portions of his earnings to charity. He was an active member of The Lion's Club and The Order of the Knights of Rizal.

</doc>
<doc id="18363780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363780" title="List of Bollywood films of 1950">
List of Bollywood films of 1950

An overview of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1950:
Highest grossing.
The top ten grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1950:

</doc>
<doc id="18363787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363787" title="Pärlijõe">
Pärlijõe

Pärlijõe is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18363811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363811" title="List of Bollywood films of 1951">
List of Bollywood films of 1951

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1951:
Highest grossing.
The top ten grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1951:

</doc>
<doc id="18363828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363828" title="Zach Scott">
Zach Scott

Zacharias "Zach" Scott (born July 2, 1980 in Haiku-Pauwela, Hawaii) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Seattle Sounders FC in Major League Soccer.
Career.
Youth and College.
Scott grew up in Hawaii where he attended Maui High School. He was an All State soccer player his senior season. He then attended Gonzaga, playing on the men's soccer team from 1998 to 2001.
Professional.
Scott signed with the Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division in 2002. On October 3, 2002, he signed with the Cleveland Force of the Major Indoor Soccer League. However, he ended the season with the San Diego Sockers. Scott signed a one year contract with the Sockers in the fall of 2003, but took an indefinite leave of absence from the team in December 2003 and never rejoined the Sockers.
The most memorable game of Scott's 2008 season was in the quarter finals of the US Open Cup against the Kansas City Wizards, where he capped an outstanding defensive performance with the winning penalty shootout goal, sending Seattle to the semifinals for the second year in a row.
After two months on trial, Scott signed with Major League Soccer expansion side Seattle Sounders FC in February, 2009.
Sponsors.
Scott is sponsored under Team ithreesixty, which is a company that sells innovative music infused beanies, hat beanies and headbands designed for the iPod Nano, iPod Shuffle and select MP3 Players. http://www.ithreesixty.com/i360/team-i360/soccer/zach-scott/ 

</doc>
<doc id="18363840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363840" title="Wairarapa South">
Wairarapa South

Wairarapa South was a New Zealand parliamentary electorate from 1881 to 1887.
Population centres.
The previous electoral redistribution was undertaken in 1875 for the 1875–76 election. In the six years since, New Zealand's European population had increased by 65%. In the 1881 electoral redistribution, the House of Representatives increased the number of European representatives to 91 (up from 84 since the 1875–76 election). The number of Māori electorates was held at four. The House further decided that electorates should not have more than one representative, which led to 35 new electorates being formed, including Wairarapa South, and two electorates that had previously been abolished to be recreated. This necessitated a major disruption to existing boundaries.
Wairarapa South was centred on the smaller Wairarapa towns of Featherston, Greytown, Carterton and Martinborough.
History.
The Wairarapa South electorate in the Wairarapa district of New Zealand and the adjacent Wairarapa North electorate were formed for the by splitting the old electorate. These electorates existed for two parliamentary terms from 1881 to 1887, when Wairarapa North was renamed Masterton, and Wairarapa South became the new Wairarapa electorate.
Between 1871 and 1881, the previous Wairarapa electorate had been a two-member electorate. One of the incumbents, George Beetham, successfully stood in 1881 in the Wairarapa North electorate. The other incumbent, Henry Bunny, who had represented Wairarapa since a by-election in , contested the Wairarapa South electorate in 1881 and was challenged by Walter Clarke Buchanan and Burton Boys. Bunny, Buchanan and Boys received 370, 436, and 133 votes, respectively, with Buchanan thus defeating Bunny.
The was contested by Bunny and Buchanan, who received 504 and 565 votes, respectively, and Buchanan was thus declared re-elected.
In 1887, Buchanan won the reconstituted Wairarapa electorate, again defeating Bunny.
Election results.
Wairarapa South was represented by one MP for all six years.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="18363869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363869" title="List of Bollywood films of 1952">
List of Bollywood films of 1952

An overview of the films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1952. Dilip Kumar went on to win the first Filmfare Best Actor Award in 1954 for his performance in Daag". Meena Kumari went on to win the first Filmfare Best Actress Award for her role in "Baiju Bawra".
Highest grossing.
The top ten grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1952:

</doc>
<doc id="18363871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363871" title="Piipsemäe">
Piipsemäe

Piipsemäe is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18363907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363907" title="List of Bollywood films of 1953">
List of Bollywood films of 1953

An overview of the films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1953. 
"Do Bigha Zameen" directed and produced by Bengali director Bimal Roy and starring Balraj Sahni, Nirupa Roy, Ratan Kumar and Jagdeep won the Filmfare Best Movie Award. Bimal Roy also won the Filmfare Best Director Award and the film won the Certificate of Merit at National Film Award of India.
Roy would win the Filmfare Best Director in 1955 also for the film "Parineeta" in which actress Meena Kumari scooped the Filmfare Best Actress Award for her performance.
Highest grossing.
The top ten grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1953:
External links.
bekar film of the year

</doc>
<doc id="18363914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363914" title="David Boudia">
David Boudia

David Alasdair Boudia (born April 24, 1989) is an American diver. He won the gold medal in the 10 metre platform diving competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Early life.
Boudia was born on April 24, 1989, to Jim and Sheilagh Boudia in Abilene, Texas. He graduated from Noblesville High School in 2008, and now lives in West Lafayette, Indiana, and attends Purdue University.
He started diving in 2000, and has been a member of the U.S. National Diving Team since 2005. Boudia has stated that a dive from the great height of an Olympic 10-meter platform once 'petrified' him.
Diving career.
Boudia was named to the 2008 U.S. Olympic team in the 10-meter platform and in the synchronized 10-meter platform event with former synchro partner Thomas Finchum. Boudia and Finchum were 2009 World Championship (Rome) Silver Medalists, and 2007 World Championship (Melbourne) Bronze Medalists. His current synchro partner is Nick McCrory. They are the 2012 Olympic Bronze Medalists.
He is the winner of the Big 10 Male Tower Diving event at the Big Ten Tournament, held in 2010 at Ohio State. He is the first American to break 600 points in six dives.
2012 Summer Olympic Games.
In his first event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, Boudia and his partner, Nicholas McCrory, won the bronze in the synchronized 10 metre platform with a total score of 463.47, finishing behind China (486.78) and Mexico (468.90). It was the first Olympic medal for the United States in men's diving since the 1996 games in Atlanta. The United States had not made the podium in diving at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics.
In his second event, the 10 metre platform, Boudia barely advanced from the prelims placing eighteenth but then went on to finish third in the semi-finals to advance to the finals. In the sixth and last round, Boudia won gold with a total score of 568.65, finishing ahead of world champion Qiu Bo (566.85) and hometown favourite Tom Daley (556.95). It was the first Olympic gold for the United States in diving since the 2000 Summer Olympics, when Laura Wilkinson won the gold in the women's 10-meter platform competition; the first Olympic gold in the 10-meter platform competition by an American male diver since Greg Louganis achieved that feat at the 1988 Summer Olympics (also taking the 3-meter springboard title); and the first Olympic diving gold for an American man since Mark Lenzi's victory in the 3-meter springboard competition at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Olympic Games
World Championships
World Series
World Cup
Grand Prix
Television.
In November 2012, Boudia agreed to join Steve Foley as a judge on "Splash". This reality show premiered on ABC on March 19, 2013.
Personal life.
Boudia became a Christian in 2010 through the influence of his college diving coach Adam Soldati. He openly referenced his religious beliefs in several interviews before, during and after the 2012 Olympics.
Boudia also recently married Sonnie Brand, whom he met while studying at Purdue University.

</doc>
<doc id="18363918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363918" title="John Fishbaugher">
John Fishbaugher

John Fishbaugher (born October 7, 1985 in Redmond, Washington) is an American soccer player currently playing for Washington Crossfire in the USL Premier Development League.
Career.
Youth and College.
Fishbaugher attended Redmond High School, where he was an All State soccer player, finishing his career with the school’s career assists record. He then entered Seattle University, playing twenty-three games his freshman season as Seattle won the Division II NCAA soccer championship. In 2007, he was a first team All American. He graduated in 2008 with a bachelor’s degree in biology.
In 2007 Fishbaugher spent the collegiate off-season with the Tacoma Tide of the USL Premier Development League.
Professional.
In 2008, Fishbaugher signed with the Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division, and played in 18 games for the team in the final season in the USL. He trialled with Major League Soccer expansion franchise Seattle Sounders FC in early 2009, but was not offered a contract with the team, and subsequently signed for Seattle Wolves for the 2009 season. In the 2010 season he played with Kitsap Pumas, and was twice selected by fans as the Man of the Match.
In 2011, he signed with the Washington Crossfire (formerly the Seattle Wolves), largely because the time-consuming commute to Bremerton would conflict with his goal of attending medical school, while the Crossfire now plays in Redmond.

</doc>
<doc id="18363927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363927" title="Liam Cooper">
Liam Cooper

Liam David Ian Cooper (born 30 August 1991) is a professional footballer who plays for Chesterfield as a centre back.
Club career.
Hull City.
Born in Kingston upon Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, Cooper attended Malet Lambert school and joined Hull City at Under-12 level. He was in the youth team that won the Football League Youth Alliance Cup Final against Colchester 3–0, scoring the opening goal but later being sent off for a deliberate handball.
On 26 August 2008 he made his first team debut for Hull against Swansea City in the Football League Cup. On 30 August 2008, on his 17th birthday, he signed professional terms with the club, and featured on the bench as an unused substitute for the Premier League game against Wigan Athletic. He made his first Premier League start on 26 September 2009 at Anfield in the 6–1 defeat by Liverpool. Cooper signed a new three-year contract at the KC Stadium in March 2010.
2010–11 season.
Having made three first team appearances for the 2010–11 season with little opportunity, Cooper was sent on loan to League One side Carlisle United on 10 January 2011 for a month long loan, as part of the deal which saw James Chester end his loan spell with Carlisle and join Hull City from Manchester United. The loan spell came to an early end when he sustained a hand injury in February in the match against Huddersfield Town. Following a return from injury, on 4 March 2011, Carlisle signed him on a further month loan with the option to extend it for the remainder of the season. Cooper decided to return to Hull at the end of the month loan rather than staying for the remainder of the season.
Huddersfield Town Loan.
On 8 July 2011, he joined League One club Huddersfield Town on a season-long loan. After making his full debut in the League Cup match against Port Vale in August, he made his league debut as a substitute in the 2–2 draw against Leyton Orient at the Galpharm Stadium on 24 September 2011. His first league start came a week later on 1 October 2011 in the 4–0 away win over Brentford followed by second star 3 days later on 4 October 2011 in the Football League Trophy second round exit to local rivals Bradford City when Cooper was taken off at half time due to injury.
Return To Hull.
On 1 December 2011, after being left out of the squad to play Charlton Athletic, Cooper asked for his loan to be terminated, so he could try and gain a place in new manager Nick Barmby's setup. Huddersfield agreed, and he returned to the KC Stadium.
At the end of March, Hull City captain, Jack Hobbs suffered a cruciate ligament rupture and ruled him out until Christmas 2012. Cooper filled the void, building a solid partnership with James Chester in the remaining few games of the campaign.
Chesterfield Loan.
Cooper joined Chesterfield on 1 November 2012, on a months loan deal. Manager, Paul Cook said: "We are delighted with the signing of Liam Cooper. He is a player that attracts a lot of interest from clubs, and not just in this division." Cooper scored on his debut in a 2–1 win over Oxford United. The following month, Cooper loan spell at Chesterfield was extended until 5 January 2013.
Chesterfield.
On 5 January 2013, Liam Cooper signed a 2 and a half-year contract with the Spireite's for an undisclosed fee. Later in the hour since joining permanently, Cooper played his first match since turning his loan move to permanent in a 2–1 loss against Wycombe Wanderers.
International career.
In March 2008, he was called up to Scotland's Under-17 squad for the second phase of their European qualifying campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="18363939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363939" title="List of Bollywood films of 1954">
List of Bollywood films of 1954

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1954. "Boot Polish" produced by Raj Kapoor went on the won the Filmfare Best Movie Award in 1955. 
"Mirza Ghalib", a film based on the life of well-known poet Mirza Ghalib, directed by Sohrab Modi and starring Bharat Bhushan and Suraiya went on to win the Golden Lotus Award for National Film Award for Best Feature Film in 1955.
"Jagriti", directed by Satyen Bose went on to win the Filmfare Best Movie Award in 1956.
Highest grossing.
The top ten grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1954:

</doc>
<doc id="18363943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363943" title="Grant Tanner">
Grant Tanner

Grant Tanner (born 24 July 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the AFL during the mid-1990s.
Before Tanner came to Geelong he was on Adelaide's books but never made a senior appearance. In between he played in the SANFL with Norwood. He was part of Geelong's 1994 finals campaign but missed the Grand Final due to injury. The following year he was again injured late in the season but recovered in time for the 1995 AFL Grand Final, which his team lost heavily to Carlton. 
A knee injury sustained in 1997 ended his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18363948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363948" title="SkyGravity Festival">
SkyGravity Festival

SkyGravity is international electronic dance music festival in Ukraine (Crimea, near Evpatoria). Featuring music genres are psytrance, goa, full on, suomi, progressive and break trance, but also ambient, dub, downtempo, idm, electronica, experimental, and reggae.

</doc>
<doc id="18363951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363951" title="SMS Kaiser Franz Joseph I">
SMS Kaiser Franz Joseph I

SMS "Kaiser Franz Josef I" was a protected cruiser of the Austro-Hungarian Navy , the lead ship of the "Kaiser Franz Josef" class. Named in honor of the Emperor Franz Josef I of Austria-Hungary, the cruiser and its sister ship, "Kaiserin Elisabeth", were built as a reply to the Italian cruisers "Giovanni Bausan" (1883) and "Etna" (1885).
Construction.
Built by Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino at Trieste, "Kaiser Franz Josef I" was a steel-hulled vessel of 3,967 tons displacement, she measured in waterline length with a beam of and a mean draft of . The crew comprised 450 officers and men.
Technical Description.
Propulsion was supplied by two sets of horizontal triple-expansion engines with four cylindrical double-ended boilers. Designed performance was for and for ; on trials she in fact reached . 
Originally, "Kaiser Franz Josef I" and "Kaiserin Elisabeth" were each armed with two 9.4in (24cm) and six 6in (15cm) guns, both types Model 1886. "Kaiser Franz Josef I's" 9.4in (24cm) guns were mounted in fore and aft turrets, but owing to fiscal constraints those of "Kaiserin Elisabeth" had armored hoods instead. Both were reconstructed in 1905-06 with each rearmed with two long-barreled 15 cm and six short-barreled 15 cm guns, both types Model 1901. Rounding out the armament of each were sixteen 4.7 cm quick-firing guns, one machine gun and four torpedo tubes located above water, two on either beam. 
Service history.
Although "Kaiser Franz Josef I" burned enormous amounts of coal, in 1914 she could still steam at a very fair speed. At the outbreak of the First World War, "Kaiser Franz Josef I" was serving with the 2nd Cruiser Division. She took part in the shelling of enemy batteries on Mount Lovčen (which dominated Cattaro Bay) on 9 September 1914 and again on 8/9 January 1916. Later she was assigned to subsidiary local defense service at Cattaro. She was disarmed in 1917 for use as a floating headquarters.
Upon the defeat and dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, "Kaiser Franz Josef I " was
allocated to France as a war reparation. On her delivery voyage, however, she was overloaded with dismantled machinery and foundered in a gale off Kumbor in Cattaro Bay on 17 October 1919. 
Portions of the wreck were recovered by a Dutch company in 1922 and by Yugoslav salvagers in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="18363967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363967" title="Cliffords Mesne">
Cliffords Mesne

Cliffords Mesne is a village in Gloucestershire, two miles south-west of the nearest town of Newent. It was the home of author Winifred Foley from the mid-1970s, after the success of her first book of reminiscences, "A Child in the Forest".
Facilities.
Cliffords Mesne is home to the Yew Tree Inn public house and the village is also known for its close proximity to May Hill, owned by the National Trust, and to the International Centre for Birds of Prey. There is a bus service to Ross-on-Wye consisting of a single journey on Thursdays. However, daily bus services between Gloucester and Ross-on-Wye pass through Kilcot (4 km). The nearest railway station is at Gloucester (20 km).
Heritage.
The small Anglican church is dedicated to St Peter. Designed by E.S. Harris, it was built in 1882 of stone with a central bellcote, nave, chancel, south porch, and south vestry. There is contemporary stained glass dedicated to a local falconer and a memorial tablet to two local men who died on active service in the Second World War. The church parish is merged with Gorsley. It shares clergy with Newent and lies in the Diocese of Gloucester. An earlier stone church built in Gothic style in 1872 and extended in 1877, became the village school (now closed). It now serves as a non-denominational village hall. The single listed historic building in Cliffords Mesne is the outlying Ravenshill Farmhouse, north of the village, most of which dates from the late 17th and early 18th centuries. The combined population of Cliffords Mesne and Gorsley was 1320 in 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="18363971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363971" title="List of Bollywood films of 1955">
List of Bollywood films of 1955

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1955:
Highest grossing.
The top ten grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1955:

</doc>
<doc id="18363986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363986" title="List of Bollywood films of 1956">
List of Bollywood films of 1956

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1956:
Highest grossing.
The top ten grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1956:

</doc>
<doc id="18363988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18363988" title="Dance critique">
Dance critique

Dance critique is the act of producing an opinionated, written or spoken report about a performance dance (often ballet or modern dance) by a critic. The term may also refer to the report itself. As with other topics, a critique of dance may use its own technical language to convey what the critic has seen.
Most major newspapers cover the arts in some form and dance critiques may be included as a part of such coverage. Dance critiques are published in other types of media as well. For example, some dance critiques are published online, through blogs or websites.

</doc>
<doc id="18364005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364005" title="List of Bollywood films of 1957">
List of Bollywood films of 1957

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in 
Mumbai in 1957:
Highest grossing.
The top ten grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 
1957:
External links.
special focus on Hindi film songs

</doc>
<doc id="18364008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364008" title="StreamZilla">
StreamZilla

StreamZilla is a streaming media hosting and content delivery network (CDN) in Europe. The company is located in the Mediacentrale in the city Groningen, Netherlands.
Overview.
StreamZilla offers streaming media and media file hosting and delivery services to customers like video portals, broadcasters, football clubs, publishers, enterprises and video production companies.
Technologies.
StreamZilla is powered by a European wide 2Tbit/s network with +500Gbit/s connections to all the major internet exchanges and global carriers. These servers are powered by the XL Media Server framework that enables simultaneous operation of all popular media services including Flash Media Server, Windows Media Services, QuickTime Streaming Server, Wowza Media Server, Icecast, Internet Information Server and Apache without performance loss. The media servers are managed by a central Content Delivery Management application called VDO-X.

</doc>
<doc id="18364022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364022" title="Yosumin!">
Yosumin!

Gameplay.
In "Yosumin!", the player tries to select rectangular regions in a grid of tiles that have the same type of yosumin at all four corners. The player has a target goal of the number of rectangles with yosumin of specific types that must be removed, and has a time limit. The larger the rectangle selected, the greater the number of points the player receives. Special yosumin are sometimes included, which when removed can give extra time or points. Later in the game another type of yosumin is added which can be moved, allowing the player to create rectangles of larger size. In multiplayer mode, two players face off in a larger grid. Creating rectangles can remove time from the opponent's timer, and specific yosumin which are selected before the game begins perform other moves such as stunning the opposing player. Wireless two-player competitive mode is playable through game sharing on the Nintendo DS with a single cartridge. Enhancements included new block types such as a block that rearranges the boards layout.
Development.
"Yosumin!" was originally a free browser-based game. The game was showcased in playable form at the Tokyo Game Show 2007. It was shown to be an enhanced port of the original "Yosumin" browser game released by Square Enix on the @nifty network. This was confirmed to be part of publisher Square Enixs' effort to expand their fan base internationally and across more types of players and genres, including more casual games. The game was available at Japanese Nintendo DS demo stations in November 2007. In November 2008 Square Enix trademarked Yosumin! In the United States. On January 26, 2009 Square Enix announced plans to release Yosumin on the Xbox Live Arcade as part of an initiative to put more games on Xboxs games service. On May 26, 2009, "Yosumin" was released over the digital distribution service Steam under the title "Yosumin!", and the following day was released on Xbox Live Arcade as "Yosumin! Live".
Reception.
The Xbox live version had minimal popularity, with fewer than 4,500 players on the games leader-board. Gamasutra cited the Japanese name and a high price as reasons for the games low popularity. IGN liked the PC version of the game, noting the loss of the Xbox Live Arcade multi-player but complimenting the expanded single player mode. UGO called the game its top sixth "Casual Games for Real Gamers", calling it fun and easy to learn.

</doc>
<doc id="18364041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364041" title="List of Bollywood films of 1958">
List of Bollywood films of 1958

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1958:
Highest grossing.
The top ten grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1958:

</doc>
<doc id="18364052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364052" title="List of Bollywood films of 1959">
List of Bollywood films of 1959

A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1959:
Highest grossing.
The top ten grossing films at the Indian Box Office in 1959:

</doc>
<doc id="18364057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364057" title="Architecture criticism">
Architecture criticism

Architecture criticism is a confused topic. Everyday criticism relates to published or broadcast critiques of buildings, whether completed or not, both in terms of news and other criteria. In many cases, criticism amounts to an assessment the architect's success in meeting his or her own aims and objectives and those of others. The assessment may consider the subject from the perspective of some wider context, which may involve planning, social or aesthetic issues. It may also take a polemical position reflecting the critic's own values. At the most accessible extreme, architectural criticism is a branch of lifestyle journalism, especially in the case of high-end residential projects.
Criticism is also a branch of academic study, practised not be architectural journalists but by architects and scholars. In this case, a different set of values is usually present, reflecting the intellectual apparatus of architectural practice and theory. Such criticism is usually published in professional and academic journals, and may be couched in language that lay readers find difficult to penetrate.
Most major national newspapers in developed countries cover the arts in some form. Architectural criticism may be included as a part of their arts coverage, in a real estate section or a "Home & Style" supplement. In the USA, reviews are published in specialist magazines ranging from the popular (e.g. Architectural Digest, Wallpaper) to specialist magazines for design professionals (e.g. Architectural Review, Detail). As with other forms of criticism, technical language is used to a varying extent to convey impressions and views precisely.
Lewis Mumford wrote extensively on architecture in the nineteen thirties, forties and fifties at "The New Yorker". Ada Louise Huxtable was the first full-time architecture critic working for an American daily newspaper when the New York Times gave her the role in 1963. John Betjeman, a co-founder of the Victorian Society, wrote and broadcast from the 1950s to 1970s, principally covering historic rather than new buildings, but contributing to a trend for criticism to expand into radio and then television. Charles, Prince of Wales, is outspoken in his criticism of modern architecture, memorably describing a proposed extension to the National Gallery in London as a "monstrous carbuncle on the face of a much-loved friend".
Criteria.
The critic's task is to assess how successful the architect and others involved with the project have been in meeting both the criteria the project set out to meet and those that the critic himself feels to be important. Specific criteria include:
Architectural journalists.
Contemporary critics working for major newspapers include:
Specialist periodicals.
List of architecture magazines

</doc>
<doc id="18364059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364059" title="Kerry Properties">
Kerry Properties

Kerry Properties Limited () is a listed company engaged in property development in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Asia Pacific region; third party logistics, freight services and warehouse operations (through its subsidiary Kerry Logistics); infrastructure projects in Hong Kong and Mainland China; and hotel ownership and operations in Mainland China. Its largest shareholder is the family of Robert Kuok, a Malaysian Chinese businessman. It was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18364066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364066" title="ComcastTIX">
ComcastTIX

ComcastTIX is a regional consumer ticketing company powered by New Era Tickets. Comcast Spectacor, the Philadelphia-based sports and entertainment firm, in a partnership with Comcast Cable, launched ComcastTIX on September 12, 2006. ComcastTIX is a provider of customized ticketing and fan marketing to sports and entertainment organizations.
ComcastTIX provides clients with the power to set all consumer fees, control all selling options to the consumer, and collect and use customer data for targeted marketing and sales communications. Services included by ComcastTIX consist of a 24/7 call center, order fulfillment (including express mail option), marketing communications, retail outlets, customer service, technical support, and ticketing system training.
In addition to purchasing tickets on the website, consumers can also buy tickets over the phone or at select Acme Markets. Tickets are available at designated Arenas box offices through ComcastTIX as well. ComcastTIX informs customers of upcoming events to keep them up to date and to retain their loyalty. Consumers can purchase tickets for sporting events, concerts, comedy shows, and more for events at a variety of venues throughout select parts of the country.
ComcastTIX primarily serves the Philadelphia, South Jersey, Delaware, and Maryland region.
Clients.
East
Central
West

</doc>
<doc id="18364067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364067" title="Michael Capuzzo">
Michael Capuzzo

Michael Capuzzo (born on May 1, 1957) is an American journalist and author best known for his "New York Times"-bestselling nonfiction books "The Murder Room" and "Close to Shore.". "The Murder Room," the true story of a private dining club of famous detectives who solve cold murders, and "Close to Shore," an historic thriller and recreation of the first American shark attack in World War I-era New Jersey, both enjoyed wide acclaim from critics and authors such as Gay Talese, Mark Bowden, John Sanford, and Michael Connelly. Capuzzo signed a contract for a new book with Simon & Schuster in 2011. 
"The Murder Room", published in a number of countries, was one of five finalists for The Golden Dagger Award for Non-Fiction given by the British Crime Writer's Association for the best true-crime book by any writer of any nationality published in England in 2010/2011, and was nominated by Gotham/Penguin Books for the Pulitzer Prize in General Nonfiction. An American TV series based on the book, also called "The Murder Room," is under development for CBS Television Studio with writer George Nolfi, (The Adjustment Bureau, The Bourne Ultimatum), scripting and producing with Julie Weitz of Carol Mendelsohn’s (CSI) production company.
Capuzzo was interviewed several times on NPR about the book, including "Fresh Air" With Terry Gross, and the book was the subject of an ABC News prime-time one-hour special episode of 20/20 in September 2010. Capuzzo has appeared nationwide as a keynote speaker and at colleges talking about writing; Rutgers University taught "Close to Shore" as an honors colloquium, and the book was "The Big Read" at Coastal Carolina University.

</doc>
<doc id="18364068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364068" title="European Health Telematics Association">
European Health Telematics Association

The European Health Telematics Association (EHTEL) is a European non-profit organization, which provides a platform to all European eHealth stakeholders to exchange information on eHealth. Martin Denz of the Swiss Society for Telemedicine and eHealth is the current President of EHTEL.
Vision.
EHTEL’s Vision
• eHealth is a cooperative process intensifying and changing the interactions of all stakeholders in health and social care for the purpose of improving Continuity of Care and Patient Safety.
• eHealth is a tool to ensure information, choice and empowerment, as requested by European consumers and patients
• eHealth must comprise multiple communication channels for ensuring both equal access to services and their ubiquity
Mission.
EHTEL: The European eHealth Multidisciplinary Stakeholder Platform
Through our growing membership of currently 60 organisations, we enable our members to voice their views throughout the eHealth ecosystem. We also facilitate the sharing of experience with colleagues and representatives across Europe and beyond. 
At EHTEL, we take an holistic view of eHealth. 
As such we collaborate closely with European associations representing Hospitals (HOPE and EHMA), health insurers (AIM), Physicians (CPME, UEMS), Pharmacists (PGEU, EAHP), Nurses (EFN), patient and citizens (AGE Platform, European Patients’ Forum), as well as professional associations dedicated to quality and certification to care processes and eHealth services (ESQH, EuroRec).
The multitude of backgrounds and interests of these stakeholders enable EHTEL, as a neutral forum, to draw a more complete picture of the benefits and challenges of the deployment of ICT in the fields of health and social care, thereby also identifying topics requiring particular attention and further developments at European level.
History.
EHTEL was founded in 1999 and the organization represents about 100 organisations and individuals from 30 countries in and outside Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18364086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364086" title="Nemerov (surname)">
Nemerov (surname)

Nemerov is a Russian surname. It may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18364113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364113" title="Theatre criticism">
Theatre criticism

Theatre criticism is a genre of art criticism, and the act of writing or speaking about the performing arts such as a play or opera.
Most major national newspapers of first world countries cover the arts in some form and theatre criticism may be included as a part of this arts coverage.
Specialist media exists to cover most artistic disciplines, in this field one such publication is "The Stage" (see our theatre magazines category for more).
As with other forms of criticism it may use its own technical language to convey what the reviewer has seen.
A notable theatre critic is Kenneth Tynan.

</doc>
<doc id="18364114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364114" title="Neti (Hatha Yoga)">
Neti (Hatha Yoga)

Neti is an important part of Hindu Shatkarma (sometimes known as Shatkriya), the yogic system of body cleansing techniques that is an integral part of Hinduism. It is intended mainly to the cleaning of the air passageways in the head. Both the Hatha Yoga Pradipika and other sources usually attribute to Neti many beneficial effects that range from profound physiological ones on the body, mind and personality to even clairvoyance. The two main variants are jala neti using water and the more advanced sutra neti using string.
Jala neti.
For this technique, sterilized and lukewarm isotonic salt water is poured into one nostril, so that it leaves through the other. The procedure is then repeated on the other side, and the nose is dried by bending forward and by rapid breathing.
It is also possible to sniff the water in so that it runs into the mouth, and to spit it out. In a more advanced reverse variant, the water is taken in through the mouth and snorted out of the nose.
Sutra neti.
In sutra neti, a length of wet string or thin surgical tubing is carefully and gently inserted through the nose and into the mouth. The end is then pulled out of the mouth and while holding both ends at once the string is alternately pulled in and out of the nose and sinuses. It is used to clear the nose and also to remove nasal polyps. 
Sutra neti is an advanced form of yogic nasal cleansing and requires an experienced teacher. Sensations of gagging, nausea, and weakness may occur. In case of persistent blockage after jala neti, sutra neti should only be performed after a medical consultation.

</doc>
<doc id="18364120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364120" title="Nicolas de Leuchtenberg">
Nicolas de Leuchtenberg

Nicolas de Leuchtenberg (born 12 October 1933, Munich) is the current heir to the Dukedom of Leuchtenberg. He is the son of Nicolas Nicolaïevitch de Leuchtenberg (1896-1937) and his wife Élisabeth Müller-Himmler, and is thus a direct descendent of Alexandre de Beauharnais, Joséphine de Beauharnais, and of Eugène de Beauharnais, first Duke of Leuchtenberg.
On 24 August 1962, he married Anne Bügge (1936-) with whom he has two children:

</doc>
<doc id="18364133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364133" title="Thanjavur Subha Rao">
Thanjavur Subha Rao

Thanjavur Subha Rao was an Indian administrator and musician who served as the dewan of the state of Travancore in the 1830s.
Subha Rao was a native of Thanjavur. He was so fluent in English that he was also known as "English" Subha Rao. He tutored the Maharaja of Travancore Swathi Thirunal in Sanskrit, Marathi, political science and Carnatic music. In 1830, he was appointed Dewan of Travancore.
References.
Weidman, Amanda J.(2006), "Singing the Classical, Voicing the Modern", Duke University Press,ISBN 0-8223-3620-0

</doc>
<doc id="18364140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364140" title="Jason Cascio">
Jason Cascio

Jason Cascio (born March 5, 1985 in Redmond, Washington) is a former American soccer player for Kitsap Pumas in the USL Premier Development League.
Career.
Youth and College.
Cascio grew up in Chandler, Arizona and attended Hamilton High School, where he was a three time All State soccer player. In addition to playing soccer, he was a member of Hamilton’s 2003 Arizona state football championship team. Cascio attended Seattle University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 2003 to 2006. His freshman season as Seattle won the Division II NCAA soccer championship.
Professional.
In 2008, Cascio signed with the Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division. He appeared in 24 USL-1 games and scored 1 goal for the Sounders, until the team folded at the end of 2008 due to Seattle Sounders FC joining Major League Soccer.
Having been unable to secure a professional contract, Cascio signed with Seattle Wolves of the USL Premier Development League for the 2009 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18364149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364149" title="Mesivta">
Mesivta

Mesivta (also metivta; , "academy") is an Orthodox Jewish yeshiva high school for boys. The term is commonly used in the United States to describe a yeshiva that emphasizes Talmudic studies for boys in grades 9 through 11 or 12; alternately, it refers to the religious studies track in a yeshiva high school that offers both religious and secular studies. The comparable term in Israel is yeshiva ketana (, lit. "small yeshiva"). After graduation from a mesivta, students progress to a beis medrash, or undergraduate-level, yeshiva program.
In practice, yeshivas that call themselves mesivtas are usually a combination of mesivta (high-school) and beis medrash (post-high-school) programs. Students in the beis medrash program are often called upon to mentor those in the mesivta.
History.
In Talmudic and Geonic eras.
The term "metivta" first appears in the Talmud, where it refers to a yeshiva of Talmudic sages. Rav learned in the metivta in Tzippori under Judah ha-Nasi, his son, and grandson. Under the leadership of Rav and Shmuel, the Talmudic Academy of Sura during the Babylonian Exile was called a "sidra", but under Rav Huna, the second dean of the Academy of Sura, the yeshiva began to be called a "metivta" and Huna was the first to hold the title of "resh metivta" (corresponding to "rosh yeshiva"). According to Graetz, the metivta convened in certain months of the year. Metivta frameworks continued to operate throughout the era of the Geonim, a period of approximately 1,000 years.
Modern-day concept.
Rabbi Shraga Feivel Mendlowitz introduced the concept of a mesivta as a Talmudic studies program for boys aged 14 and older in New York in 1926. Until that time, religious boys attended Talmud Torah (elementary school) until their bar mitzvah and then went on to public high school and college, where their level of Torah observance and commitment were sorely tested. The only post-bar mitzvah religious education available at the time was at Yeshivat Rabbeinu Yitzchak Elchonon, which prepared students for a career in the rabbinate. When Rabbi Mendlowitz, who had begun teaching at the Yeshiva Torah Vodaas elementary school in 1923, suggested the innovation, he was met with widespread resistance. An editorial in the Yiddish Morgen Journal stated:
Just as the Reform have a rabbinical Seminary in Cincinnati, and the Conservative have the Solomon Schechter Seminary in New York, so should Yeshivas Rabbeinu Yitzchak Elchonon suffice produce Orthodox rabbis.
With the support of three Torah Vodaas board members – Binyomin Wilhelm, Ben Zion Weberman, and Abraham Lewin – Rabbi Mendlowitz successfully opened Mesivta Torah Vodaas in its own building in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, in September 1926. The mesivta opened with four classes of post-bar mitzvah students and 11 students in the advanced, beis medrash program. The mesivta went on to graduate generations of students who became Torah scholars and leaders in the American Jewish world.
Rabbi Mendlowitz also influenced the administration at Yeshivas Chaim Berlin to expand beyond eighth grade and open a mesivta as well. Mesivta Rabbi Chaim Berlin opened in the 1930s. Other mesivtas founded in the 1930s and 1940s were Mesivta Tifereth Jerusalem, Kaminetzer Mesivta of Boro Park, and Rabbi Jacob Joseph School. In the 1950s, the latter four mesivtas had their own basketball league.
In 1937 Rabbi Mendlowitz founded Camp Mesivta, the first yeshiva summer camp in America, in Ferndale, New York. This became the summer camp of choice for thousands of students from other yeshivas and a prototype for yeshiva learning camps in later decades. Rabbi Mendlowitz instituted the practice of inviting Gedolim to visit the camp for a few days or a few weeks, giving campers the experience of seeing Torah greats in action. The Gedolim who regularly stayed at Camp Mesivta included Rabbi Yaakov Kamenetsky, Rabbi Shlomo Heiman, Rabbi Moshe Feinstein, and Rabbi Avraham Kalmanowitz. Camp Mesivta operated until the early 1960s; in 1966, it was succeeded by Camp Ohr Shraga-Beis Medrash LeTorah in Greenfield Park, New York, headed by Rabbi Zelik Epstein and Rabbi Nesanel Quinn.
Mesivtas today.
Today mesivtas are located in cities throughout the United States that have a sizable Orthodox Jewish population. Since the 1980s, the number of mesivtas in the New York/New Jersey area has mushroomed. Whereas before there were at most a handful of schools to choose from, today every city with a religious Jewish population and nearly every township has a yeshiva high school. Because of the proliferation, mesivtas have developed reputations that reflect the academic level of their students. There are schools for "metzuyanim" (top learners), schools for average students, and schools for students with "serious scholastic and/or "yirat shamayim" (religious belief) challenges". Some mesivtas operate different "tracks" to satisfy a diverse student body.
Mesivtas, like yeshivas, do not follow the public education schedule of terms and vacations, but organize the school year according to the Jewish calendar. School is in recess during Jewish holidays, and the term ends in the month of Av, the traditional break for yeshivas since the days of the Talmud. There is also a dress code: whereas in elementary school, boys wear casual clothes to school, upon entering mesivta, they are expected to dress in dark suits and white shirts.
Other uses.
Mesivta is an imprint of Machon Oz Vehadar for its Talmud Bavli series, published in conjunction with the worldwide Daf yomi schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="18364163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364163" title="Badzhui">
Badzhui

The Badzhui are a sup-group of the Shugnan, although sometimes considered to be a distinct ethnographic group. They are primarily Ismaili Muslims, much like the Shugnan. The Badzhui are also known under the generic term Pamir people.

</doc>
<doc id="18364170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364170" title="WEKG">
WEKG

WEKG (810 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Jackson, Kentucky, United States, the station is currently owned by Intermountain Broadcasting Co., Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio .
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18364180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364180" title="Alberta Health Services">
Alberta Health Services

Alberta Health Services (AHS) is the single health authority for the Canadian province of Alberta.
Alberta Health Services delivers medical care on behalf of the Government of Alberta's Ministry of Health through 400 facilities throughout the province, including hospitals, clinics, continuing care facilities, mental health facilities and community health sites, while providing a variety of programs and services.
AHS is the largest single health authority in Canada and is the largest employer in the province of Alberta as well as being the 5th largest single employer in Canada.
Alberta Health Services is headquartered in Edmonton, Alberta.
History.
Alberta Health Services was created as a "superboard" in May 2008 with the controversial abolition of the following regional health authorities:
as well as the following agencies:
Health services in Alberta have undergone several governance reorganization attempts in recent decades, with successively fewer separate public organizational entities.
Mission and organization.
Alberta Health Services has articulated three broad goals (access, quality and sustainability) which expand into eight 'areas of focus' (e.g. improving access, fit for the future, learning and improving) and 20 strategic priorities.
Alberta Health Services has been organized so as to separate acute hospital facilities (with separate reporting lines for major tertiary, metropolitan and regional hospitals) from smaller hospitals and community services, the latter of which are organized into five zones (North, Edmonton, Central, Calgary and South). The Calgary Zone, for example, includes some sites and services formerly administered by the Calgary Health Region while other services have been reorganized on a provincial scale.
Leadership.
Edmonton-based Dr. Stephen Duckett was the inaugural President and Chief Executive Officer of Alberta Health Services, taking up the role on 23 March 2009. He was replaced on 23 November 2010 by Dr. Chris Eagle who resigned on 17 October 2013. The organization was previously overseen by a Board of Directors, on June 12, 2013, an Official Administrator, Janet Davidson, for Alberta Health Services was appointed by the Minister of Health Fred Horne, to act in place of its Board of Directors. On September 12, 2013, Dr. John W. F. Cowell replaced Davidson as the Official Administrator.
Employees.
Alberta Health Services employs 104,000 staff (of which 8,400 physicians), including clinical, administrative and support personnel across the province. Staff belong to a variety of professional organizations and associations, including United Nurses of Alberta, several locals of the Alberta Union of Provincial Employees, and the Health Sciences Association of Alberta.
Facilities.
AHS maintains and runs a number of different types of facilities. These include:
South Zone.
The south zone includes major centers such as Lethbridge and Medicine Hat. Serving approximately 300,000 Albertan's. 
A large network of hospitals are maintained in the outlying communities of Alberta. South Zone includes
Calgary Zone.
The Calgary Zone administrative offices are located in the Southland Park business complex. Calgary Zone comprises territory formerly administered by the former Calgary Health Region and includes five major acute care sites (hospitals) including Foothills Medical Centre, Peter Lougheed Centre, Rockyview General Hospital, South Health Campus, and Alberta Children's Hospital. Serving approximately 1,400,000 Albertan's.
A large network of hospitals are maintained in the outlying communities of Alberta. Calgary Zone includes
Central Zone.
The central zone includes major centers such as Red Deer. Serving approximately 450,000 Albertan's.
A large network of hospitals are maintained in the outlying communities of Alberta. Central Zone includes
Edmonton Zone.
The Edmonton Zone administrative offices are located in Seventh Street Plaza. Edmonton Zone comprises territory formerly administered by the Capital Health Region and includes eight acute care sites (hospitals) in the metropolitan area, which include: University of Alberta Hospital (Edmonton), Royal Alexandra Hospital (Edmonton), Grey Nuns Hospital (Edmonton), Misericordia Community Hospital (Edmonton), Sturgeon Community Hospital (St. Albert), Leduc Community Hospital (Leduc), WestView Health Centre (Stony Plain), and Fort Saskatchewan Community Hospital (Fort Saskatchewan). Serving approximately 1,200,000 Albertan's.
A large network of hospitals are maintained in the outlying communities of Alberta. Edmonton Zone includes
North Zone.
The north zone includes major centers such as Grande Prairie and Fort McMurray. Serving approximately 450,000 Albertan's.
A large network of hospitals are maintained in the outlying communities of Alberta. North Zone includes
Rural Zone.
A large network of hospitals are maintained in the outlying communities of Alberta. They include
Emergency medical services.
In addition to primary in patient care, Alberta Health Services took over responsibility for all emergency medical services (EMS) from municipalities on April 1, 2009, making ground ambulances a responsibility of the provincial government.
Provincial air ambulance transitioned to AHS in April 2010. Also included in the provincial model of EMS are inter-facility hospital transfers, and EMS dispatch. In total, EMS serves the provincial population of 4 million over an area of 661,848 square kilometres.
In 2013, EMS averaged about 370,000 ambulance responses annually, with approximately 30% of these being patient transfers between health care facilities, and 70% being emergency responses.
EMS is provided by the provincial government through a hybrid of direct delivery and contracted services. In 2013 this hybrid consisted of 204 ground ambulance locations. Practitioners include approximately 3,000 paramedics, emergency medical technicians and emergency medical responders.
There are 550 ambulances throughout the province, including 278 owned and operated by AHS.
AHS contracts 12 fixed-wing aircraft to provide 24-hour air ambulance services throughout the province. 5,500 patients were transferred by fixed-wing aircraft via contracted air ambulance providers in Alberta in 2010.
The Shock Trauma Air Rescue Society (STARS) air ambulance flew approximately 1,933 missions in 2012. Since 1985, more than 24,000 missions have been carried out.

</doc>
<doc id="18364183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364183" title="WEKT">
WEKT

WEKT (1070 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format. Licensed to Elkton, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by M & R Broadcasting, Inc..
History.
The station went on the air as WOAM on 1988-02-01. on 1989-01-03, the station changed its call sign to the current WEKT. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18364192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364192" title="List of members of the Senate of the Netherlands for GreenLeft (1989–present)">
List of members of the Senate of the Netherlands for GreenLeft (1989–present)

The list a list of all members of the Senate for GreenLeft. Their previous memberships of parties preceding GreenLeft is listed as well, if applicable.
Current Senate members are in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="18364204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364204" title="Joan Brotat">
Joan Brotat

Joan Brotat (1920–1990) was a painter born in Barcelona. He studied at the School of Arts and Trades of Barcelona and his work was first exhibited at one cycle of experimental art organised in 1950. Before his first exhibition, Brotat had a brief period of Informalism and experimentation with collages and gestual art. He also cultivated a post-modernist painting style with conventional themes, but in 1949 his work began to take on a personal primitivist as a reinvention of Romanesque Catalan painting. Brotat abandoned all experimental concern for new non-figurative forms of expression and became the painter of melancholy faces.
The personal papers of Joan Brotat are preserved in the Biblioteca de Catalunya.

</doc>
<doc id="18364213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364213" title="Norbreck Castle Hotel">
Norbreck Castle Hotel

Norbreck Castle Hotel is a large hotel located on Queens Promenade in the Norbreck area of Blackpool, Lancashire England on the sea front. The hotel has 480 bedrooms and 22 conference suites including the Norcalympia Conference Centre.
History.
Originally built as a large private country house in 1869, it was purchased around the end of the 19th century by J.H. Shorrocks who used the house to entertain friends and colleagues at lavish weekend parties. The popularity of these parties led to Shorrocks running them on a commercial basis by taking paying guests. 
In 1912, Shorrocks formed a public company and expanded the building, now named the Norbreck Hydro, in several phases, adding a ballroom, swimming pool and solarium in the early 1930s. By then the Hydro was patronised by nobility and the British upper class, in addition to being a venue for the top stars of stage, screen and radio.
During World War II the hotel was commandeered by the British government as offices and accommodation for evacuated civil servants. The hotel remained under government control for eleven years until being handed back in 1951. At that time the hotel had - Open air car parking for 250 cars, five tennis courts, an 18 hole golf course, a bowling green, a 600 seat restaurant, a ballroom which when used for conferences seated 850, a second smaller ballroom for private parties, two cocktail bars, a swimming pool and 400 bedrooms, 97 of which had private bathrooms.
In the late 1970s, the hotel's disco became the venue for a number of concerts by punk rock, new wave and Mod revival bands. Those who played there included the Angelic Upstarts, Penetration and the Purple Hearts. The venue also saw gigs by two bands before they became famous. Adam and the Ants performed there when they were still a punk rock band in March 1979, a performance which One Way System drummer Dave Brown, listed in his top five gigs. And on 15 March 1979, The Pretenders played one of their first ever gigs at the Norbreck.
In 1988, the hotel was the venue for a conference where the Liberal Party and Social Democratic Party merged to form the Liberal Democrats. Writing in the New Statesman about the merger, the writer Jonathan Calder said of the hotel, "Blackpool’s Norbreck Castle Hotel does not lift the spirit at the best of times, and in January 1988 its Soviet ambience was enhanced by the trams and melting snow in the streets outside."
In 2003, a group of fifteen children who had just returned from Hong Kong to study at Rossall School were isolated at the hotel over SARS concerns and were kept in a self-contained wing with a nurse. However, they had to be removed by Rossall School for their safety when hotel guests found out the children were staying there, after the story was leaked to the local press and what was described as an "abusive mob" of hotel guests forced the children to be removed from the hotel.
Facilities.
The hotel contains two restaurants and two bars. The hotel has its own 35 seat cinema and a games room as well as a health and leisure club. The hotel has 22 conference, meeting and banqueting rooms, the largest of which can accommodate 3,000 people.
Events.
The Norcalympia is host to a number of events. In November 2001 the BUPA Care Homes Open tournament, an indoor bowls World Bowls Tour competition was held at the venue and filmed live on BBC Two. The venue is also host to the largest annual Elvis Presley contest convention in Europe, the "European Elvis Competition". Other events held there include the "Blackpool Classic Motorcycle Show", and the "Classic" snooker tournament between 1987 and 1990. It also hosts the biggest Model Boat show in the UK in October every year, with even a purpose built indoor pool. 
References

</doc>
<doc id="18364215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364215" title="WEKY">
WEKY

WEKY (1340 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Richmond, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Lexington Metro Area. The station is currently owned by Wallingford Communications, LLC and features programing from ABC Radio .
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18364219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364219" title="Beer in Azerbaijan">
Beer in Azerbaijan

Beer in Azerbaijan is typified by lighter lagers. Of the domestically produced beers, the most widely distributed is Xirdalan, formerly brewed by Baki-Castel (BGI) but bought by Baltika in 2008. As a sponsor of Baku's Eurovision Song Contest, Xirdalan issued special commemmorative Eurovision cans and bottles in 2012. Other relatively widespread brands include Novxanı (brewed by Bakı-Praqa) and draft-only NZS. Beer drinking is growing in popularity in Azerbaijan. Unlike almost all CIS countries, the beer bottles in Azerbaijan are marked with excise duty sticker.

</doc>
<doc id="18364229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364229" title="Robert C. Kettler">
Robert C. Kettler

Robert Charles "Bob" Kettler (born 1952) is an American real estate developer and founder of the Washington D.C. area development company Kettler.
Coming from a long line of real estate developers, Kettler has been around the real estate business his entire life. Kettler's father and uncle were successful home builders in the 1950s and 1960s, and his grandfather developed apartments in the 1920s. Kettler got his start in real estate remodeling apartments while still a student at George Washington University in 1974. He quickly worked his way up to large projects and co-founded Kettler & Scott, Inc. as the majority owner in 1977. The firm was later renamed "KSI Services," and then as the company's prominence grew, the name became "Kettler."
Kettler's career started to take off in the mid-1980s. His first large-scale project - a 3,000 home community in western Fairfax County - helped Kettler discover his talent for planning large-scale, multi-use properties. Kettler has developed many of the largest planned communities in the Washington D.C. Metro Area, large mixed-use commercial properties and several country clubs/golf courses. Developments include over 25 planned communities and more than 46,000 homes, including the 6,050-home community Cascades in Loudoun County, Virginia; the 2,434-home community Piedmont in Prince William County, Virginia; and the 2,600-home community Lorton Station in Fairfax County, Virginia. The company has developed more than 5 million square feet of mixed-used commercial space, including the 1.2-million-square-foot Trinity Centre mixed-use office park in Fairfax County, Virginia, and the 1.3-million-square-foot Village At Leesburg Town Center in Loudon County, Virginia. The company currently has 4.3 million square feet of commercial space development in the pipeline. Among his most notable projects are Lowes Island Club in Loudoun County and the Piedmont Golf Club in Prince William County. 
In addition to planned communities, Kettler has developed some of the region’s most successful multifamily communities, including national award-winners The Metropolitan at Pentagon City, The Metropolitan at Reston Town Center, Midtown Reston Town Center and The Millennium at Metropolitan Park. The company has developed more than 15,400 apartments and condominiums within 65 communities. Over the last five years Kettler’s condominium communities in North Bethesda, Maryland, and Reston, Arlington and Alexandria, Virginia, were the Washington, DC Metropolitan area’s top selling projects with gross sales in excess of $700 million. Additionally, Kettler is the largest developer of affordable housing in the Washington, DC, Metropolitan area. The company has a portfolio of 33 properties with over 6,500 bond-financed apartments that are owned and operated by Kettler. 
Kettler has five multifamily projects in development, consisting of nearly 1,700 apartments in Washington, D.C., Columbia Town Center, Maryland, and Pentagon City, Crystal City and Tysons Corner, Virginia. In 2012 Kettler will break ground on two luxury high-rise apartment buildings. The Acadia at Metropolitan Park will mark the final phase of Kettler’s Metropolitan Park project in Pentagon City, Virginia, with a 411 unit, high-end apartment building. A mixed-use residential development at 450 K Street in Washington, D.C., will feature 233 apartments. 
In 1986, Kettler was named as the National Association of Homebuilders developer of the year. In 2006, he received a lifetime achievement award known of the Monument Award from the Northern Virginia Building Industry Association. He has also received numerous awards from Fairfax County, the Urban Land Institute, and various community & industry associations. The Washington Times has called him "one of the region's most successful businessmen." 
In 1988, Kettler established Kettler Management, the property management division of his company. The wholly owned subsidiary manages more than 19,000 apartment units in 85 communities and over 1.7 million square feet of office and retail space. In the last two years the company has expanded into several new markets, including New York City, New Jersey, North Carolina and the Virginia Beach and Richmond areas in Virginia. In 2008, Kettler Management received the National Property Management Company of the Year award. In 2012, Kettler Management will add over 5,000 apartment units to its portfolio. As of February 2012 more than 550 people were employed by Kettler. In 2010 Kettler had an annual revenue of more than $407.5 million.
Kettler has also served on numerous boards of directors included those of the Northern Virginia Building Industry Association, the Northern Virginia Political Action Committee, the Washington Metropolitan Area Boys Club, and Venture America. He has also served on advisory boards at George Mason University and Northern Virginia Community College. In 2006 KSI Services bought the naming rights to the Washington Capitals practice arena, which became Kettler Capitals Iceplex.
Kettler attended the George Washington University and American University from 1970 to 1974, studying economics and real estate. He has been married to his wife Charlotte for 29 years. Since 2003, Kettler and his wife, Charlotte, have served as co-chairs of a $50 million capital campaign that led to a transformational redevelopment of the Potomac School. They have four children and live in McLean, Virginia.
External links.
Official Kettler homepage

</doc>
<doc id="18364268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364268" title="Symphony No. 6 (Mozart)">
Symphony No. 6 (Mozart)

Symphony No. 6 in F major, K. 43, was composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in 1767. According to Alfred Einstein in his 1937 revision of the Köchel catalogue, the symphony was probably begun in Vienna and completed in Olomouc, a Moravian town to which the Mozart family fled to escape a Viennese smallpox epidemic; see Mozart and smallpox.
The symphony is in four movements, and is Mozart's first in the key of F. Its initial performance was at Brno on 30 December 1767 The autograph of the score is today preserved in the Biblioteka Jagiellońska in Kraków.
Movements and instrumentation.
The instrumentation for the first performance was: 2 flutes; 2 oboes; 2 horns; bassoon; strings and keyboard continuo. The flutes are used in the second movement in place of the oboes. For the first time in a symphony, Mozart uses two obligatory viola parts.
\relative c' {
</score>
This is Mozart's first four-movement symphony, in which he introduces the Minuet and Trio for the first time, a feature common in many of his symphonies thereafter. The movements are:
The Andante movement uses a theme from Mozart's early Latin opera "Apollo et Hyacinthus", K. 38, in which "muted violins sing over pizzicato seconds and divided violas, a ravishing effect".
First performance.
The symphony was included in a concert arranged by Count von Schrattenbach, brother of the Archbishop of Salzburg, given by the Mozart family on 30 December 1767 at the Taverna in Brno. A local clergyman recorded: "I attended a musical concert in a house in the city known as the "Taverna", at which a Salzburg boy of eleven years and his sister of fifteen years, accompanied on various instruments by inhabitants of Brno, excited everyone's admiration"

</doc>
<doc id="18364289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364289" title="Ernest Wilson (singer)">
Ernest Wilson (singer)

Ernest Wilson (born Fitzroy Wilson, Clarendon Parish, Jamaica) is a reggae singer who found fame as a member of The Clarendonians before working as a solo artist.
Biography.
Wilson formed The Claredonians in 1963 with Peter Austin, the duo going on to become one of the most popular groups of the ska and rocksteady era, and having several Jamaican number one hits. Wilson embarked on a solo career in 1967, releasing the "Money Worries" single. Further singles followed, with "Undying Love", "Storybook Children", and "If I Were a Carpenter" in 1968 (all produced by Coxsone Dodd), "Private Number" (for Joe Gibbs), and "Freedom Train" (for Lee "Scratch" Perry - one of the first Jamaican singles ever to be released in stereo) in 1969. In 1969, he got back together with sometime Clarendonian Freddie McGregor in the duo 'Ernest Wilson & Freddy', releasing the singles "Sentimental Man" and "Love Makes the World Go Round", and later "What You Gonna Do About It" and "Let Them Talk". One of Wilson's biggest International Hit single, "Let True Love Be", (1976), was done alongside Harold Butler & Four Corners. It was featured on Butler's 1978 Album, "The Butler Did It". Wilson was also briefly a member of The Techniques. 
Wilson has continued to record as a solo artist to this day.
Wilson has contributed backing vocals to tracks by Beres Hammond, Inner Circle, Jimmy Reid, Jimmy Riley, Johnny Osbourne, and Kiddus I. He is also a multi-instrumentalist, having played piano on the "Umoja" album as part of the DEB Music Players, bass guitar on Gregory Isaacs' "Cool Ruler" album, and guitar on several recordings including tracks by Tinga Stewart and Kiddus I.

</doc>
<doc id="18364301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364301" title="Plaani">
Plaani

Plaani is a village in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364314" title="Billy Tang">
Billy Tang

Billy Tang Hin-Shing (鄧衍成) is a Hong Kong film director.

</doc>
<doc id="18364319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364319" title="InetSoft">
InetSoft

InetSoft Technology Corporation is a privately owned multinational computer software company that develops free and commercial web-based business intelligence applications. The company was founded in 1996, and currently has over 120 employees between its corporate headquarters in Piscataway, New Jersey, and development offices in Beijing and Xi'an, China.
The company offers various applications that focus on operational BI, enterprise reporting, data visualization and embeddable reporting. InetSoft's solutions have been deployed at over 3,000 organizations worldwide, including 25% of Fortune 500 companies, spanning all types of industries.
History.
InetSoft was co-founded in 1996 by siblings Larry and Luke Liang. Prior to founding InetSoft, Larry Liang, was involved in the early research of e-commerce and interactive Web technologies and served as a research scientist at Bell Communications Research (now Telcordia Technologies), and held various technical positions at Bell Labs, AT&T, and Lucent Technologies. Luke Liang had worked for Goldman Sachs in a variety of technology and management positions and held consulting positions with both JP Morgan, Chase and the Union Bank of Switzerland. Both hold Master's Degrees in Computer Science.
The company began with four employees working out of a garage in Piscataway, New Jersey, and focused on developing an open standards Java based platform that would be fully compatible with Java/XML, relational databases, internet technologies and legacy systems. The initial product released was Style Report, which focused on reporting and data analysis. Because of its Java roots and small footprint, Style Report has been used in both client-side and server-side Java applications. Over the years, InetSoft's products evolved alongside Java to become server-based Web solutions. The product line has grown to include reporting, dashboards and visual analysis.
Product development history.
InetSoft's software is based on open standards technology that incorporates XML, SOAP, Java language, and JavaScript. While the primary design goal is easy integration with other open standards based software, access to third party proprietary software has been added in recent years. Additionally, the company licenses by CPU rather than by named user. The history of InetSoft product development is as follows:
Product awards.
InetSoft Style Report won Best Java Reporting Tool in 1999, 2000, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2006, and in 2007. Also in 2007, InetSoft's Style Report Analytic Edition won Best Java Business Intelligence Tool, the first year it had been nominated and the final year of the JDJ Awards program.
In 2011, InetSoft was named to Information Management's list of top "40 Vendors We're Watching in 2011" for its Style Intelligence 11.0 release and patent pending Data Block technology.

</doc>
<doc id="18364345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364345" title="Lee Seung-Yeoul">
Lee Seung-Yeoul

Lee Seung-Ryul (, Hanja: 李昇烈; born 6 March 1989) is a South Korean football winger, who plays for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors in K League Classic. He started playing football in Shin-gal High School. He is often known as one of the brightest prospects displaying attacking style in the national team. He was considered to be the newer generation of Korean footballers that will make up the national team squad in the future until his form started to fall.
Club career.
FC Seoul.
2008.
Lee joined FC Seoul in 2008 with being drafted from the team. He played as a Striker and Attacking Midfielder for FC Seoul. He appeared in the K-League and the Hauzen Cup for 31 games and scored 5 goals in his first year as a professional player.
After a successful first season, He was nominated and won 2008 K-League Rookie of the Year.
2009.
Lee scored in the opening match of the 2009 K-League season against Chunnam Dragons. The game ended 6–1 for FC Seoul. He made 22 appearances and 5 goals in 2009 K-League.
2010.
In the 2010 league campaign, Lee had best record in his FC Seoul era. He scored 7 goals in 25 appearances and also steadily recalled to the national team.
Gamba Osaka.
On 1 February 2012, Lee left Seoul for Japanese J. League Division 1 outfit Gamba Osaka.
International career.
His international career began when he played for the U-18 South Korea football team.
He has been named in the preliminary squad for the Beijing Olympic Games.
He was a member of 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup. After U20 World Cup, he was selected by Hong Myung-Bo that head coach of South Korea U-23.
On 9 January 2010, Lee made his first international cap for South Korea at the friendly match against Zambia.
He scored his first goal against Hong Kong on 7 February 2010.
Although he was part of the 2010 FIFA World Cup squad, he only got 5 minutes to play in the opening match against Greece where they won 2:0. Lee was benched for the next 3 matches. Huh decided to use the more experienced Lee Dong-Gook and Yeom Ki-Hun instead of young Lee Seung-Ryul. Korean public has expressed that the only reason he didn't get enough playing time at the World Cup, was because Lee was inexperienced, despite showing good form and having scored 3 international goals in the run up to the World Cup. Seung Ryul has expressed his desire to train hard for the upcoming 2010 Asian Games and hopes to break into Europe. He has also expressed that the World Cup was a valuable experience and learned a lot from training with Park Ji-Sung.

</doc>
<doc id="18364354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364354" title="Yevgeny Zhirov">
Yevgeny Zhirov

Yevgeny Zhirov is Russian footballer. His previous clubs included Zenit Leningrad, Dynamo Leningrad, Zhemchuzhina Sochi, Irtysh Omsk, Meliorator Kyzylorda in Kazakhstan (at that time USSR) and FC Seoul of the South Korean K League, then known as LG Cheetahs.

</doc>
<doc id="18364406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364406" title="Centre for Social and Environmental Accounting Research">
Centre for Social and Environmental Accounting Research

The Centre for Social and Environmental Accounting Research (CSEAR) is a research and networking institution in the field of social accounting. It combines more than 600 active members, fellows and associates in over 30 countries.
Based at the University of St Andrews in Scotland, CSEAR's primary objective is to gather and make available information about the practice and theory of social and environmental accounting and reporting. 
In doing so, CSEAR’s international network supports students, practitioners, scholars and educationalists in all aspects of the education, research and practice of social, environmental and sustainability accounting, reporting, auditing, finance and taxation.
Activities.
As a network institution, CSEAR provides a database of academics and practitioners around the world who share an interest in social and environmental accounting.
For more than ten years, CSEAR has been holding the annual International Congress on Social and Environmental Accounting (also known as CSEAR Summer School).
CSEAR also regularly organises research schools and conferences in Australia, Italy, New Zealand, Spain and Portugal. The first North American Congress was held from 7–9 July 2008 at Concordia University in Montreal, Canada. A South America Congress is scheduled to be held in Brazil in 2009.
CSEAR also maintains a specialist library within the University of St Andrews' School of Management.
"Social and Environmental Accounting Journal".
The Centre publishes a biannual journal, the "Social and Environmental Accounting Journal" (SEAJ), which is distributed free to its members.
"SEAJ" is a 'predominantly refereed journal committed to the creation of a new academic literature in the broad field of social, environmental and sustainable development accounting, accountability, reporting and auditing'.
Next to keeping its readers informed about developments in CSEAR and relevant developments in the field and in practice, "SEAJ" includes extensive reviews of recent books and journal articles of relevance to researchers, practitioners and students in the field.
"SEAJ" is managed by an Executive Editorial Board which provides support to the editors and is underpinned by an International Editorial Advisory Board.
History.
Established in 1991, CSEAR has previously been hosted by the University of Dundee (1991 - 1999) and the University of Glasgow (1999 - 2004). Since 2004 CSEAR is located in, and sponsored by, the University of St Andrews' School of Management. CSEAR is directed by Professor Robert Hugh Gray.

</doc>
<doc id="18364442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364442" title="Halaf culture">
Halaf culture

The Halaf culture, is a prehistoric period which lasted between about 6100 and 5500 BCE. The period is a continuous development out of the earlier Pottery Neolithic and is located primarily in south-eastern Turkey, Syria, and northern Iraq, although Halaf-influenced material is found throughout Greater Mesopotamia.
While the period is named after the site of Tell Halaf in north Syria, excavated by Max von Oppenheim between 1911 and 1927, the earliest Halaf period material was excavated by John Garstang in 1908 at the site of Sakce Gözü, then in Syria but now part of Turkey. Small amounts of Halaf material was also excavated in 1913 by Leonard Woolley at Carchemish, on the Turkish/Syrian border. However, the most important site for the Halaf tradition was the site of Tell Arpachiyah, now located in the suburbs of Mosul, Iraq.
The Halaf period was succeeded by the Halaf-Ubaid Transitional period (~5500 - 5200 cal. BCE) and then by the Ubaid period (~5200 - 4000 cal. BCE).
Economy.
Dryland farming was practiced by the population. This type of farming was based on exploiting natural rainfall without the help of irrigation, in a similar practice to that still practiced today by the Hopi people of Arizona. Emmer wheat, two-rowed barley and flax were grown. They kept cattle, sheep and goats.
Architecture.
Although no Halaf settlement has been extensively excavated some buildings have been excavated: the tholoi of Tell Arpachiyah, circular domed structures approached through long rectangular anterooms. Only a few of these structures were ever excavated. They were constructed of mud-brick sometimes on stone foundations and may have been for ritual use (one contained a large number of female figurines). Other circular buildings were probably just houses.
Halaf pottery.
The best known, most characteristic pottery of Tell Halaf, called Halaf ware, produced by specialist potters, can be painted, sometimes using more than two colors (called polychrome) with geometric and animal motifs. Other types of Halaf pottery are known, including unpainted, cooking ware and ware with burnished surfaces. There are many theories about why the distinctive pottery style developed. The theory is that the pottery came about due to regional copying and that it was exchanged as a prestige item between local elites is now disputed. The polychrome painted Halaf pottery has been proposed to be a "trade pottery"—pottery produced for export—however, the predominance of locally produced painted pottery in all areas of Halaf sites including potters settlement questions that theory.
Halaf pottery has been found in other parts of northern Mesopotamia, such as at Nineveh and Tepe Gawra, Chagar Bazar and at many sites in Anatolia (Turkey) suggesting that it was widely used in the region. In addition, the Halaf communities made female figurines of partially baked clay and stone and stamp seals of stone, (see also Impression seal). The seals are thought to mark the development of concepts of personal property, as similar seals were used for this purpose in later times. The Halaf people used tools made of stone and clay. Copper was also known, but was not used for tools.

</doc>
<doc id="18364447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364447" title="Wafaa">
Wafaa

Wafaa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18364451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364451" title="The Confessionals">
The Confessionals

The Confessionals is a group of anonymous forums maintained by Oberlin graduate Shibo Xu and developed by various short-term collaborators. They provide a space for college and university students to speak openly and candidly, often on taboo subjects. They've become a source for advice, but have also generated controversy over the prevalence of anonymous personal attacks.
History.
The first confessional created was Oberlin Confessional, created by Harris Lapiroff based on an idea he'd gotten from a similar Livejournal community. This original confessional gained in popularity until its original creator left, after which Shibo assumed control of the site.
Controversy.
When introduced to a college, the confessional often generates a lot of controversy, particularly if it has become a source for anonymous personal attacks. Using the names of others is strictly prohibited under the terms and conditions of the Confessional, but names often appear in violation of these rules. Although these confessions are usually removed from the site, they have the ability to do considerable damage while they remain visible. As such, the administrations of many colleges have spoken out forcefully against these forums, but are usually unable to do more without being accused of censorship
Some critics seriously question whether anonymous attacks against individuals qualifies as "protected" "free speech". Some critics, including prominent legislators, are taking a close look at the degree to which an institution such as a college, Connecticut College for example, may be liable for continued inaction in regard to confessional sites linked to their institutions. Legal action is currently pending in some cases.
Confessionals.
There are currently confessionals for ten different colleges and universities:
Middlebury Confessional
Oberlin Confessional
Amherst Confessional
Mount Holyoke Confessional
Connecticut College Confessional
Kalamazoo Confessional
Smith Confessional 
UMass Confessional 
Cornell Confessional 
Iowa State Confessional 
In addition to the confessionals above, Shibo has created a joint confessional, open to the public, for the summer of 2008. The summer confessional was bought back again for the summer of 2011:
Summer Confessional
References.
http://gawker.com/news/most-annoying-liberal-arts-college/i-dont-trust-people-who-arent-on-facebook-the-meta+feed-of-oberlin-students-minds-326979.php
http://www.oberlin.edu/cgi-bin/cgiwrap/ocreview/20081121.php?a=a_A_Live&sec=arts

</doc>
<doc id="18364453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364453" title="Samarra culture">
Samarra culture

At Tell es-Sawwan, evidence of irrigation—including flax—establishes the presence of a prosperous settled culture with a highly organized social structure. The culture is primarily known for its finely-made pottery decorated against dark-fired backgrounds with stylized figures of animals and birds and geometric designs. This widely-exported type of pottery, one of the first widespread, relatively uniform pottery styles in the Ancient Near East, was first recognized at Samarra. The Samarran Culture was the pre-cursor to the Mesopotamian culture of the Ubaid period.

</doc>
<doc id="18364460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364460" title="Mount Aibetsu">
Mount Aibetsu


</doc>
<doc id="18364478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364478" title="Vana-Roosa">
Vana-Roosa

Vana-Roosa is a settlement in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364479" title="MDU Resources">
MDU Resources

MDU Resources Group, Inc. () is a U.S. diversified energy company, with electric and natural gas utility distribution operations in Idaho, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Washington, and Wyoming.
Background.
MDU Resources got its start in 1924 as the Minnesota Northern Power Company. Its founder, Rolland Heskett, had previously been involved with utilities in Wisconsin and northeast Minnesota (the forerunners of Wisconsin Public Service Corporation and Minnesota Power, respectively). The Minnesota Northern Power holdings initially consisted of the electric utility at Cushing, Oklahoma (quickly sold off to Oklahoma Gas & Electric), Minnesota Electric Light & Power Company, which served the Bemidji, Minnesota area (sold in 1925 to the W. B. Foshay interests—this property today comprises Otter Tail Power's Bemidji division), and the Eastern Montana Light & Power Company, which was centered around Sidney and Glendive, Montana, and which became the nucleus of MDU's operations.
Initially, Minnesota Northern was only in the business of selling electric power, but entered the gas business following discovery of deposits in Eastern Montana. As Minnesota Northern expanded across Eastern Montana and western North Dakota, it acquired the electric franchise for Miles City, Montana after an acquisition struggle with the Montana Power Company.
Shortly after passage of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 (PUHCA), Heskett reorganized all the gas and electric subsidiaries of Minnesota Northern Power under a new name—Montana-Dakota Utilities.
Unlike its neighboring utilities, MDU was generally not in the business of reselling energy at wholesale to other companies, with the exception of five Eastern Montana towns then served by the Mountain States Power Company. The distribution systems in these towns passed into MDU ownership by the early 1940s.
On June 10, 2000, The Westmoreland Coal Company and the Knife River Corporation, a subsidiary of the MDU Resources Group, said that they had entered exclusive talks for the sale of Knife River's coal operations to Westmoreland.
Acquisition and lawsuit.
The largest addition of electric utility territory came in 1945, when MDU purchased the Dakota Public Service Company (DPSC) from NorthWestern Public Service Company (NWPS) of Huron, South Dakota. DPSC served a total of 91 towns in west-central North Dakota originally served by the Hughes Electric Company/North Dakota Power & Light Company (NDP&L) and south-central North Dakota/north-central South Dakota originally served by the Northern Power & Light Company (NP&L). When MDU examined DPSC's books after the purchase, they spent the next six years in litigation with NWPS over allegations of improper internal charges between NWPS, NP&L, and NDP&L. Both companies eventually realized the lawsuit was unproductive and they ceased litigation.
After the end of the lawsuit, MDU refocused on the growing demand for electricity and gas within its newly expanded territory and the necessary system improvements. In the late 1960s, MDU partnered with NWPS and Otter Tail Power in the construction of the Big Stone power plant near Big Stone City, South Dakota. MDU also briefly explored a merger with Otter Tail but both parties decided not to pursue this. The companies have since partnered on two base-load power plants (Big Stone and Coyote). By the 1980s, when the revenue from the utility operations began to plateau, it reorganized into MDU Resources and began an aggressive program of diversification into closely related but unregulated industries. This diversification program has succeeded to the point where the utility operations are no longer the company's main source of revenue. Even so, MDU Resources provides natural gas to about 440,000 residential customers and electricity to about 92,000 residential customers today.
Subsidiaries.
Cascade Natural Gas Corporation, serving parts of Oregon and Washington, was acquired by MDU in 2007. Intermountain Gas Company, serving parts of Idaho, was acquired by MDU in 2008. Knife River Corporation provides construction-related products and services, including aggregate, asphalt, building materials, cement, construction services, liquid asphalt, and ready-mix concrete in 13 states.

</doc>
<doc id="18364482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364482" title="Grand-Hôtel du Cap-Ferrat">
Grand-Hôtel du Cap-Ferrat

The Grand-Hôtel du Cap-Ferrat is a five star hotel, situated in Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat in the French Riviera.
Luxury hotels were invented to be the stuff of dreams. The highest ranking of all the many “palaces” that
sprang up all over the French Riviera, the Grand-Hôtel du Cap-Ferrat overlooks the sea from the
furthermost tip of the peninsula from which it takes its name.
History.
At the turn of the 20th Century, Cap-Ferrat was little more than a wilderness of rocks and dense scrubland, vegetation that only changed as real estate began to develop there. At the end of the 19th century, piece by piece, King Leopold II of Belgium
purchased the peninsula’s only wooded area, and then proceeded to expand his estate by buying up
most of the vacant land around.
Shortly before 1900, Leopold sold part of his property to a company founded by a Mr. Péretmère, the son of a coachman from the north who had some savings of his own. He reserved six and a half hectares of the land for the hotel, whose construction began in 1908 with the two wings built at an open angle to each other, then the following year a loggia dining room and the large, central Rotonde were added. By then the building had its final, distinctive silhouette, remarkably simple for the time. A little later, the Grand-Hôtel was bought by Madame Ferras, a widow and the grandmother of famous violinist Christian Ferras.
From Hotel to Hospital.
The First World War broke out shortly after the new owner’s arrival and the hotel became a hospital. In 1922, two professional hoteliers, Messrs Henri Dehouve and André Voyenne (my father), acquired a majority shareholding and took over the running of
the company. They were to remain in charge for over twenty years, a period marked not only by the Great Depression and the Second World War, but also by a complete revolution in holidaying habits.
When the sun was the enemy.
Since it first became known in the second half of the 19th Century, and up until the 1930s, the French Riviera remained almost exclusively a luxury destination. Most visitors were either wealthy individuals of independent means or royalty from northern countries, in particular England and Russia. They came only in winter and for long visits. Queen Victoria and her court, numerous aristocratic families, Princess Louise, the Duke of Connaught, President Paul Deschanel and many other politicians of the French 3rd
Republic, the pianist Marguerite Long, the violinist Jacques Thibaud, and movie stars such as Charles Boyer, Charlie Chaplin and many others were to follow.
The summer season emerges.
Not until 1930 did a few unconventional visitors venture down to the Riviera in summertime, mostly avant-garde writers and artists. They all came in search of solitude, since practically nobody came then, and relished a certain snobbery surrounding their alternative style of travelling. In Cap-Ferrat itself, these new habits arrived purely by chance. During the summer of 1933, the German filmmaker G.W. Pabst persuaded Chaliapine to star in his version of Don Quixote. Since he did not have the funds to film in Spain, the director decided that Cap-Ferrat’s landscape would be perfectly suitable. One day, the film crew appeared at the hotel, which was closed at the time but nevertheless offered them improvised accommodation for a few weeks. The actors and film crew were so delighted with their stay in this heavenly location that many of them asked to return the following year for a private visit. Little by little, the summer season emerged, attracting a whole new generation of holidaymakers, younger and more athletic than their predecessors and seeking sun and sea above all else. Since the hotel’s rocky coastline made it difficult to reach the sea, a cove was blasted from the rock.
The dark years, then a revival and metamorphosis.
A few weeks after the beginning of the war, the Grand-Hôtel was boarded up and plunged into darkness for six long years. On March 5, 1944, in preparation for an allied landing, the entire peninsula was evacuated and riddled with mines. Local inhabitants were given only a few hours to grab some of their belongings and flee. Thankfully, the hotel and swimming pool survived entirely unscathed by nearby shelling and by the explosion that destroyed the lighthouse.
Text: extracts by André Voyenne
Other illustrious guests were the novelist Somerset Maugham, Charlie Chaplin, Winston Churchill and Aristote Onassis.
The legendary swimming instructor, Pierre Gruneberg, has given lessons to Picasso, as well to both Paul McCartney’s and Frank Sinatra’s children.
Metamorphosis.
2009 will see the completion of a metamorphosis that blends tradition, innovation and respect for
nature.
The extension will be built in two phases while the hotel is closed from October to April 2007-
2008 and 2008–2009, and will open in May 2009.
The project was designed by architect Luc Svetchine and comprises 16 rooms, 8 suites with private plunge pools, a 7500sq.feet spa
with indoor swimming pool and the creation of two new suites on the garden level of the main building.
The grounds are the work of landscape gardener Jean Mus. With the construction of new underground car parks, the above-ground parking areas will disappear.
Rooms and suites.
As of May 1, 2009, the Grand Hotel du Cap Ferrat will propose 74 rooms (including 24 suites and the Penthouse), a spa & fitness center and a presidential suite, the Villa Rose-Pierre with its sea-view and pine grove.
Restaurants.
The Grand-Hôtel serves food from three locations: at the Le Cap Gastronomic Restaurant, on its terrace overlooking the Mediterranean and shaded by Aleppo pines, or at the Club Dauphin Restaurant next to the pool.
Vintage wines.
The Grand-Hotel du Cap-Ferrat maintains a collection of well-known vintage wines:
Music Festival.
The Grand-Hotel du Cap-Ferrat Music Festival
Artistic director : Michael Desjardins
The Festival is an up-to-date version of the tradition of salon music, which dates back to centuries past, and of the jazz clubs and Parisian café-theatres where audiences would rub shoulders with the artists. The Rotonde, designed by Gustave Eiffel, is a comfortable venue with outstanding acoustics.
The programme spans every genre of vocal and instrumental music from all eras: opera, classical music, baroque music, film soundtracks, international variety, jazz, traditional music, and first performances of original works of contemporary
music.

</doc>
<doc id="18364485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364485" title="Ferndale (Baltimore Light Rail station)">
Ferndale (Baltimore Light Rail station)

Ferndale is a stop on the Baltimore Light Rail system. Northbound trains depart for Timonium, continuing on at off-peak hours to Hunt Valley; southbound trains depart for Cromwell Station/Glen Burnie. There is currently no free public parking or bus connections at this station.
Ferndale Station is located on 10 Broadview Boulevard across from Ferndale Road. An extension of Ferndale Road crosses the tracks from Baltimore-Annapolis Boulevard(MD 648), but only runs one way westbound. A local firehouse is also located near the station, and has a private access road to Route 648 that crosses the tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18364488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364488" title="Carmen Hunter">
Carmen Hunter

Carmen Hunter (born 26 October 1978) is a former Australian high jump champion and national record holder. In 2001 she won the Australian National Championships held in Brisbane.
Carmen won her first national title aged 12 at the Australia Little Athletics Championships held in Canberra, 1991. She went on to claim further Australian titles and represented Australia at minor international track and field championships.
Carmen's performance at the 1992 Australian All Schools Championships held in Perth, where she won the U15 title with a jump of 1.85m, has seen her cited in the "absolute world records" listing for the best performance by female aged 14.11.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18364506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364506" title="Miami Ice">
Miami Ice

Miami Ice is the third full-length album by experimental rock group Icy Demons.

</doc>
<doc id="18364508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364508" title="Phulchhab">
Phulchhab

Phulchhab is the Gujarati daily published from Rajkot, Gujarat, India. Located at the center of city. It was founded 92 years ago and is considered to beone of the oldest daily newspaper. 
It was founded by Zaverchand Meghani. 
Fulchhab had received many awards for its truthfulness, honesty and authority. 
Its columnists include well known writers including Nagindas Sanghvi, Swami Sacchidanand, Sarang Sarteja, Kajal Oza Vaidhya and Kaushik Maheta 

</doc>
<doc id="18364515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364515" title="Aahuti">
Aahuti

Aahuti may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18364563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364563" title="Wajid Ali">
Wajid Ali

Wajid Ali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18364579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364579" title="Principality of Erfurt">
Principality of Erfurt

The Principality of Erfurt ("Fürstentum Erfurt") existed from 1806 to 1814 and included Erfurt and the surrounding land, including the Grafschaft Blankenhain. It was subordinate directly to the Emperor of the French.
The Principality of Erfurt became subordinate to Napoleon I as imperial state domain ("domaine réservé à l'empereur"), along with the Grafschaft Blankenhain, after the defeat of Prussia in the Battle of Jena and Auerstedt, while the surrounding Thuringian states joined the Confederation of the Rhine.

</doc>
<doc id="18364583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364583" title="Santa Coloma d'Andorra">
Santa Coloma d'Andorra

Santa Coloma d'Andorra (, ) or briefly Santa Coloma is an Andorran town in the parish of Andorra la Vella, located near the Gran Valira river and 2 km away from the capital, Andorra la Vella.
Geography.
To its west are the mountain villages of Aixàs, Bixessarri, and Canòlic in Andorra, and Os de Civís in Spain.
Notable buildings.
It houses a historic church that was nominated as a UNESCO World Heritage site on 22 February 1999 in the Cultural category.

</doc>
<doc id="18364599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364599" title="Maccabi Haifa B.C.">
Maccabi Haifa B.C.

Maccabi Haifa Basketball Club () is a professional Israeli basketball club that belongs to the Maccabi Haifa association. After a 10-year absence, the team returned to the top division in 2008–09 and, within just a single season in 2012–13, has become a nation-scale leading team and achieved its ever-first championship.
History.
The club is one of the oldest in the country and it is one of the original eight teams that formed the top division in 1953. In 1971 and 1985, the club qualified for the State Cup finals losing to Maccabi Tel Aviv.
The club was relegated to the second division in 1993, and dropped into the third tier in 1995. Although they returned to Ligat HaAl in 1999, the following year Haifa mayor Amram Mitzna merged the club with Hapoel Haifa to form BC Haifa.
Although the club qualified for the playoffs twice, they began to experience financial difficulties. Upon relegation the club folded and sold its rights to Bnei HaSharon.
In 2004 Maccabi Haifa officials changed the name of the second team under its control, Maccabi Bat Galim, to Maccabi Haifa in an effort to restore the club's glory days.
The following season, the club was promoted to the northern division. In 2007 they were promoted to Liga Leumit under the leadership of the coach Tobi Slilat. After the club was promoted, Avi Ashkenazi (who had coached the team in 1995) was reappointed.
The team was purchased by Jeffrey Rosen (who had previously tried to buy Hapoel Tel Aviv) in July 2007. Rosen pledged that the club would be promoted to Ligat HaAl in his first year of ownership. Deon Thomas, a former player at Maccabi Tel Aviv, was signed to play for the club, which team changed its name to "Maccabi Haifa Heat".
In the 2007–08 season they finished in fourth place in Liga Leumit, and earned promotion after winning the best-of-five semi-finals 3–1 against first seed Maccabi Elitzur Netanya.
2008–09 season.
The 2008–09 season marked the first year in which the Maccabi Haifa Heat played in the Israeli Premier League's top division under American owner Jeff Rosen. Prior to entering their 2008–09 season Maccabi Haifa had not played in the league's top division (also known as "The Super League") since 1999. Before the season began the team signed a multitude of talent to its roster which immediately took notice from around the league.
Notable pre-season signings include:
• Davon Jefferson, who played at University of Southern California with current NBA player O.J. Mayo.• Tamir Goodman, dubbed the "Jewish Jordan" by "Sports Illustrated".• Todd Golden, a star guard out of St. Mary's College of California, who was named to the 2008 All-America First Team by Jewish Sports Review.•Ben Strong, the 6-foot, 11-inch center and former Division III Player of the Year out of Guilford College. Strong was the first Native American basketball player to play professionally in Israel.• BJ McKie (All-Time leading scorer at University of South Carolina), Brooks Sales (Villanova), and Doron Perkins (Santa Clara University).•Ido Kozikaro (center) also plays for the Israeli National Team.
On October 26, 2008, Maccabi Haifa started its season winning its first 3 games by an average margin score of 21 points per game and won 7 of its first 9 games before running into its rival Maccabi Tel Aviv in an 80–68 loss. With Haifa Heats early success, they earned a trip to the Israeli Cup Tournament. February 19, 2009 became the first time in the new era of the Maccabi Haifa franchise in which they competed in the Cup finals. In the Cup Finals they faced opponent Hapoel Holon in which they lost in a dramatic fashion as Holon walked away with a 69–68 Israeli Cup Championship victory. Led by team captain Doron Perkins the team finished the season with a 14–8 record (3rd place), reaching the Israeli League playoffs in the team's first year back in the Premier League.
2009–10 season.
On August 5, 2009, the club announced that it was dropping the "Heat" from its name due to possible confusion with NBA franchise Miami Heat.
On August 7 the club signed the young high school phenom Jeremy Tyler from San Diego High School.
The club finished the regular season at 4th, but were eliminated by Elitzur Barak Netanya in the first round of the playoffs.
2010–11 season.
The team won a place in the Eurochallenge by beating the French team Paris. The club played an historic game against the NBA New Jersey Nets in front of 5,174 fans at the Prudential Center. Haifa trailed 56–43 at the break, but lost 108–70. In the Israel League Maccabi Haifa finished 9th after a season in which two coaches were fired (Elad Hasin and Ami Nawi).
2011–12 season.
Mickey Gorka who finished the last season with 6 home wins in a row signed with the team as head coach for a second season alongside his assistant Offer Rachimi. Sylven Landesberg, Tyler Wilkerson, Avi Ben Chimol and Jermaine Jackson also returned from last season and the team signed ex N.B.A players Sean Williams and Qyntel Woods. The team is the tallest team on average in the league – 6-foot-5 (1.98 Meters) and one of the youngest – 24.5 years-old. In November 2011, the team acquired a new main sponsor, the Oil Refineries LTD.(BAZAN) and is now called Maccabi Bazan Haifa.

</doc>
<doc id="18364613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364613" title="Greenway Academy">
Greenway Academy

Greenway Academy (formerly Greenway Primary School) is a primary school located in Horsham, West Sussex, England. It serves children aged 7–11 years(year 3-6) from Horsham and the surrounding areas.
History.
The school was built shortly after the Second World War and opened its doors to children in September 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="18364615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364615" title="Kääraku">
Kääraku

Kaaraku is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364627" title="Horace Gaul">
Horace Gaul

Horace Joseph Gaul (December 21, 1883 – July 9, 1939) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played from 1904 until 1913 most notably with the Pittsburgh Professionals, Haileybury Comets, Ottawa Senators and Toronto Tecumsehs.
Playing career.
Born in Gaspé, Quebec, Canada, the Gaul family moved to Ottawa, Ontario. Horace first played senior amateur hockey for the Ottawa Silver Seven in 1904–05, a member of the Stanley Cup winning squad. In 1906, he became professional, joining Pittsburgh of the International Hockey League. In 1907, he returned to Canada, playing for Brockville and Renfrew senior teams. In 1908–09, he split his time with Pittsburgh and Haileybury. He stayed with Haileybury for the inaugural National Hockey Association (NHA) 1910 season. When the team folded the next year, he returned to play for Ottawa and won a second Stanley Cup in 1911. In 1911, he joined New Glasgow of the Maritime Professional Hockey League (MPHL). He played his final season in 1912–13 for the new Toronto Tecumsehs of the NHA.

</doc>
<doc id="18364628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364628" title="Barrio Raid">
Barrio Raid

The Barrio Raid EP was released exclusively in Japan. The EP contains six tracks: tracks only appearing in special versions of their debut album, "Lost Angel", and one track from the soundtrack album "".
Original track listing.
All songs where written by Jim Korthe (Lead Singer)/Todd Deguchi (Guitarist)/
Erik Carlsson (Guitarist)/Gabe Hammersmith (Bassist)/PJ McMullan (Drummer).

</doc>
<doc id="18364630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364630" title="St. James Infirmary (album)">
St. James Infirmary (album)

St. James Infirmary is a partially live album by American folk and blues singer Dave Van Ronk, released in 1982. It was re-released on CD in 1996 as "Statesboro Blues" by EPM Musique.
The first seven tracks were recorded live.

</doc>
<doc id="18364641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364641" title="Jennifer Gatti">
Jennifer Gatti

Jennifer Gatti (born October 4, 1968 in Manhattan, New York) is an American actress who has taken on several television roles.
She is notable for her portrayal as the first Dinah Marler on "Guiding Light" from 1986 to 1987, As well as for her role of HIV-positive character Keesha Monroe Winters on the CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless" from 1995 to 1996. Also, as a teenager, she was in the music video for the song, "Runaway" by Bon Jovi.
Gatti has also guest starred in the television series "Full House", "Doogie Howser, M.D.", "Cheers", "ER", "Cosby", "NCIS", ', ' and "". As well as appearing in the films "Mobsters" (1991), "Nemesis" (1992) streetknight (1993) and "Double Exposure" (1994).

</doc>
<doc id="18364642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364642" title="Flanders Expo">
Flanders Expo

Flanders Expo is a multi-purpose indoor arena in Ghent, Flanders, Belgium. Flanders Expo is founded in 1986. The first CEO was Marc Mortier from 1986 till 2002. Flanders Expo is the biggest event hall in Flanders, and the second biggest in Belgium. A lot of big fairs take place.
Till 2002, a lot of concerts took place in Flanders Expo. Hall 8 's capacity is more than 13.000 people. Famous artists performed in Flanders Expo like Janet Jackson, Tina Turner (12 times), Simple Minds, Phil Collins, Bryan Adams, Prince, Cher, Elton John, Britney Spears, Back Street Boys, Paul McCartney, Joe Cocker, Whitney Houston, Barry White, U2, Nick Kamen, Eros Ramazotti, Bon Jovi, Metallica, AC/DC etc.
It hosted the 1988 FIBA Champions Cup Final four.
Every year in autumn it is host to the I Love Techno music festival. It's the biggest indoor techno festival in Europe with 60.000 visitors in one evening.

</doc>
<doc id="18364648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364648" title="Hopewell (Millville, West Virginia)">
Hopewell (Millville, West Virginia)

Hopewell, also known as Hopewell Mills and Hopewell Farm, was established around 1765 by William Little, Sr., who built grain and saw mills near the Shenandoah River. In 1827, William Little, Jr. sold the property to James Hite and Jacob Newcomer. Hite named the property "Hopewell", identifying the mill with a place in Leetown also named Hopewell, where there was a Quaker meeting house. Hite's descendant, Thomas Hite Willis, operated and expanded the mill, adding a woolen mill. The woolen mill operated until the 1920s providing uniforms for the Army. 
The complex includes a log-and-clapboard house, built "circa" 1765 with twentieth century additions, a tenant house (known as the "Viand Cottage") from the same era and of similar construction, several outbuildings and the ruins of the woolen mill, "circa" 1850. 

</doc>
<doc id="18364662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364662" title="Graziano Battistini">
Graziano Battistini

Graziano Battistini (Fosdinovo, 12 May 1936 — Arcola, 22 January 1994) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer. In 1960, Battistini won two stages in the Tour de France, and finished in second place in the general classification.

</doc>
<doc id="18364667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364667" title="Perajärve">
Perajärve

Perajarve is a settlement in Antsla Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364678" title="Jacob B. Sweitzer">
Jacob B. Sweitzer

Jacob Bowman Sweitzer (July 4, 1821 – November 9, 1888) was a Pennsylvania lawyer and soldier who commanded a regiment and then a brigade in the Army of the Potomac in the American Civil War. He and his men were significantly engaged at the 1863 Battle of Gettysburg, where they reinforced and helped temporarily stabilize the Union defensive line on the second day of fighting.
Early life.
Jacob Bowman Sweitzer was born July 4, 1821, in Brownsville, Fayette County, PA. He was the son of Henry Sweitzer 1780-1852, and Ann Elliott Bowman 1790-1876. His Paternal ancestors were George Ludwig "Lewis" Sweitzer 1740-1795, and Conrad Sweitzer/Schweitzer 1706-1770, who arrived in Philadelphia in 1749, from Germany. His brother, Nelson Bowman Sweitzer, who became a career army officer, was born in Brownsville seven years later. Jacob Sweitzer studied at Jefferson College, graduating in 1843. 
He later studied law, passed the bar exam, and established a legal practice.
Civil War.
Sweitzer was named major of the 62nd Pennsylvania Infantry on July 4, 1861. He became lieutenant colonel on November 17 of that year and colonel on June 27, 1862. Sweitzer served in the Seven Days Battles, being wounded and captured at the Battle of Gaines Mill. After being exchanged on August 15, 1862, he led his regiment in the First Division, V Corps at the Second Battle of Bull Run and at Antietam in the brigade of Brig. Gen. Charles Griffin.
When Griffin became commander of the First Division, Sweitzer was temporarily his successor in brigade command, including at the Battle of Fredericksburg. Subsequently, Sweitzer returned to his regimental role. He resumed command of the brigade at the Battle of Chancellorsville, succeeding Col. James McQuade. (McQuade was senior to Sweitzer, but he had missed Fredericksburg.)
Gettysburg.
At the Battle of Gettysburg, the V Corps arrived early on July 2, 1863, after a hard march from Unionville, Maryland. The First Division, temporarily led by Brig. Gen. James Barnes, was sent to the left flank to aid III Corps. Sweitzer’s brigade and that of Col. William S. Tilton went into action between the Wheatfield and the Peach Orchard. (The Third Brigade, under Col. Strong Vincent was detached and sent to Little Round Top.) The two brigades were deployed at a perpendicular angle to one another, which made their position hard to maintain under attack. After enduring Confederate assaults, General Barnes decided to withdraw from an exposed position. Sweitzer’s report describes the order to withdraw as “peremptory.” 
Sweitzer’s command, however, was sent back into the fight, entering the Wheatfield. It was flanked, however, by Confederate Brig. Gen. William T. Wofford’s brigade, suffering serious losses. Col. Harrison Jeffords of the 4th Michigan Infantry was killed when Confederate soldiers tried to capture his regiment’s flag. The brigade withdrew toward Little Round Top and was positioned in that vicinity for the remainder of the battle. It later participated in the retreat of the Confederate army. Sweitzer had only three regiments present, one—the 9th Massachusetts Regiment—being on detached duty. He reported that his regiments lost 466 out of 1,010 present on the field.
Sweitzer retained his brigade in the autumn of 1863, participating in the earlier stages of Bristoe Campaign and in the Mine Run Campaign.
After Gettysburg.
When the Army of the Potomac was reorganized preceding Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant’s Overland Campaign, Sweitzer retained brigade command in Griffin’s First Division. His brigade absorbed Tilton’s 22nd Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry. Sweitzer led the brigade at the Battle of the Wilderness and the Battle of Spotsylvania. Sweitzer distinguished himself at the Battle of North Anna, holding the exposed right flank of V Corps during a Confederate attack near Jericho Mills. He also commanded these troops at the Battle of Cold Harbor and the early stages of the Siege of Petersburg.
Sweitzer was mustered out with his regiment on July 13, 1864. He received a brevet promotion to the rank of brigadier general for “war service” on March 13, 1865.
Postbellum activities.
After leaving the army, Sweitzer settled in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He resumed legal practice in Pittsburgh. Sweitzer died on November 9, 1888, and was buried at Allegheney Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18364680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364680" title="Suhka">
Suhka

Suhka is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364689" title="List of members of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands for GreenLeft (1989–present)">
List of members of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands for GreenLeft (1989–present)

The list of members of the House of Representatives for GreenLeft (1989–present) is a list of all members of the House of Representatives who have been members of the GreenLeft faction since the party's inception in 1989. 
GreenLeft is a Dutch green political party. It was formed in 1989 as a merger of four parties: the left-socialist Pacifist Socialist Party, the communist Communist Party of the Netherlands, the progressive Christian Political Party of Radicals, and the progressive Christian Evangelical People's Party
Members' pre-GreenLeft political background is listed if applicable. Although the PvdA did not merge into GreenLeft, a number of GreenLeft members of the House of Representatives have been members of the PvdA, therefore this affiliation is mentioned as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18364698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364698" title="Kõo, Võru County">
Kõo, Võru County

Kõo is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364699" title="Cromwell Station / Glen Burnie (Baltimore Light Rail station)">
Cromwell Station / Glen Burnie (Baltimore Light Rail station)

Cromwell Station/Glen Burnie is one of two southern terminal stops on the Baltimore Light Rail. It is also one of two stations within Glen Burnie, Maryland. Trains depart Cromwell/Glen Burnie bound for Timonium (during peak commuting hours on weekdays) or Hunt Valley (at all other times). Unlike the nearby Ferndale Station, there are currently 795 free parking spaces and connections can be made to MTA Maryland's Route 14 bus from here. South of the station, the lines terminate on an embankment on the northwest corner of Maryland Route 648 and Maryland Route 176 to the east of Interstate 97, and the right of way is replaced by the Baltimore and Annapolis Rail Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="18364701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364701" title="Balearic trance">
Balearic trance

Balearic trance, also known as Ibiza trance, is an electronic dance music subgenre which evolved from Balearic beat. The earliest known Balearic trance compositions date back to a few years after the emergence of Balearic beat in the 1990s. 
History.
Inconsistently, the style name has always been connected to trance and Balearic beat.
Style.
Balearic trance keeps the same "Balearic" timbre as Balearic beat, while Balearic trance is characterized by a higher tempo around 125-145, typically around 130bpm. Being based in Spain, it is often derived from Latin music. It has a primary focus on atmosphere, making it similar in many regards to dream trance.

</doc>
<doc id="18364705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364705" title="Terrence McLarney">
Terrence McLarney

Terrence "Terry" McLarney is a Lieutenant assigned to the Baltimore Police Department's Southwestern (8th) District. 
McLarney is best known as a longtime city detective, who from 2008 through 2011 was the commanding officer of Baltimore's Homicide Unit.
Early life and education.
McLarney is a native of the suburbs of Washington, D.C. and an alumnus of American University (SPA/BA '75). In 1981, McLarney graduated from the University of Baltimore's School of Law with a JD.
Early Baltimore Police career.
McLarney joined the Department in 1976 and was assigned as a patrolman to the City's Central (1st) District. Later he was promoted to Sergeant and transferred to the Police Department's Western (7th) District. In 1985, McLarney survived an incident where he was shot in the abdomen while patrolling the Western District.
Career as a homicide detective.
In 1981 McLarney was appointed a detective and transferred to Homicide. At that time, McLarney was the youngest detective assigned to the storied unit. McLarney would serve as a Homicide detective at every rank assigned to that unit. This includes as a Detective, the individual responsible for the investigation of each murder; as a detective Sergeant, who supervises "squads" of six detectives; as a Detective Lieutenant, who is responsible for the management of four squads of detectives and lastly and most notably as the commanding officer of the Homicide Section. From 2008 through 2011, McLarney held the rank of Detective Major throughout his tenure as the head of the Homicide Section. In July 2008, McLarney was named the official commander of the Baltimore Police Department's Homicide Unit, a position of which he had been the acting commander since May 2008.
Relationship to David Simon's "Homicide: Life on the Street".
In 1988, McLarney along with Detective Sergeant Roger Nolan and Detective Sergeant Jay Landsman were each heading individual squads of detectives under the command of Detective Lieutenant Gary D'Addario whose Homicide unit was featured in David Simon's "" book. McLarney has also appeared on the commentary describing the production of HBO's "The Wire", another work of David Simon displaying the Baltimore Police Department.

</doc>
<doc id="18364712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364712" title="Kangsti">
Kangsti

Kangsti is a settlement in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364716" title="Viitina">
Viitina

Viitina is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364720" title="Koobassaare">
Koobassaare

Koobassaare is a settlement in Karula Parish, Valga County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364722" title="Give Me the Fear">
Give Me the Fear

Give Me the Fear is the debut album of Tokyo Dragons. 
Track listing.
Singles.
The song "Teenage Screamers" was used in 2004 video game Flatout.

</doc>
<doc id="18364729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364729" title="Viitka">
Viitka

Viitka is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364730" title="FlexOS">
FlexOS

FlexOS was a modular real-time multi-user multi-tasking operating system (RTOS) designed for computer-integrated manufacturing, laboratory, retail and financial markets. It was developed by Digital Research's Flexible Automation Business Unit in Monterey, California since 1986 and was marketed since January 1987 as a derivation of Digital Research's Concurrent DOS 286 multiuser multitasking operating system.
Overview.
FlexOS was re-written in C for higher portability across hardware platforms, and it featured very low interrupt latency and fast context switching.
The original protected mode FlexOS 286 version 1.0 was designed for host machines equipped with 286 CPUs, and with adaptions for NEC V60, NEC V70 and Motorola 68000 processors planned. FlexOS 286 executables using the system's native INT DCh (INT 220) application program interface had the filename extension .286. A CP/M API front end (FE) was available as well, using the extension .CMD for executables. (A filename extension of .68K was reserved for FlexOS 68K, presumably derived from Concurrent DOS 68K as of 1986.)
In May 1987, FlexOS version 1.31 was released for 80286 machines. The developer version required an IBM PC/AT-compatible machine with 640 KB of conventional and 512 KB of extended memory, and either a (monochrome) CGA or an EGA graphics adapter.
FlexOS supported a concept of dynamically loadable and unloadable subdrivers, and it came with driver prototypes for floppies, hard disks, printers, serial interfaces, RAM disks, mice and console drivers.
During boot, the FLEX286.SYS kernel would load the resource managers and device drivers specified in the CONFIG.SYS "binary" file (not to be mixed up with the similarly named CONFIG.SYS configuration file under DOS), and its shell would execute a CONFIG.BAT startup batch job instead of the common AUTOEXEC.BAT.
FlexOS's optional DOS emulator provided limited PC DOS 2.1 compatibility for DOS .COM and .EXE programs. Certain restrictions applied since these programs were executed in the processor's protected mode. Due to bugs in earlier steppings of the Intel 80286, the FlexOS 286 DOS front-end required at least the 80286 E2 stepping to function properly. These problems had already caused delays in the delivery of Concurrent DOS 286 earlier.
The system optionally supported a multitasking GEM VDI for graphical applications.
FlexOS 1.31 could be linked with none, either or both of these two modules. FlexOS 1.31 also supported FlexNet.
By June 1987 there were also versions 1.0 of FlexOS 386 (for hosts) and FlexOS 186 (for remote cell controllers).
FlexOS 286 and FlexOS 386 versions 2.0 were registered on 3 July 1989.
Novell bought Digital Research in July 1991. 
X/GEM for FlexOS release 1.0 (aka X/GEM FlexOS 286 and 386) and FlexNet were registered on 21 December 1992.
FlexOS was used as the primary test platform for the new Novell Embedded Systems Technology (NEST).
When Novell decided to abandon further development of the various Digital Research operating systems such as Multiuser DOS (a successor to Concurrent DOS) and Novell DOS (a successor to DR DOS), they sold FlexOS off to the Santa Clara, California-based Integrated Systems, Inc. (ISI) for in July 1994. The deal comprised a direct payment of half this sum as well as shares representing 2% of the company. The company already had pSOS+, another modular real-time multitasking operating system for embedded systems, but they continued to maintain FlexOS as well. FlexOS version 2.33 was current as of May 1998 and with FlexOS 2.34 to be released soon after with added support for faster CPUs, 64 MB of memory, EIDE and ATAPI CDROM drives.
Integrated Systems was bought by their competitor Wind River Systems in 1999, who are owned by Intel since 2009.
Adaptations.
IBM 4680 OS.
Named IBM 4680 OS version 1, IBM originally chose DR Concurrent DOS 286 as the basis of their IBM 4680 computer for IBM Plant System products and Point-of-Sale terminals in 1986. The last release of the IBM 4680 OS has been version 4, before it was replaced by IBM 4690 version 1.
IBM 4690 OS.
In July 1993, IBM announced the adoption of FlexOS version 2.32 as the basis of their IBM 4690 OS version 1, to be pre-released on 24 September 1993 and generally made available from 25 March 1994. FlexOS 2.32 supported 286 and 386 modes, had more efficient memory management, better console and pipe systems, and brought overall quality and performance improvements compared to the version that came with IBM 4680 OS version 4. Further, it removed limits on the number of applications running concurrently due to its more efficient use of KOSPOOL.
In order to support Java IBM 4690 OS version 2 brought support for long filenames by means of a virtual filesystem (VFS) architecture and it introduced FAT32 volumes.
According to "The Year of the Store?", IHL Consulting Group/RIS News, IBM 4690 OS still had a market share of 12% in the POS register/client market in June 2005, when IBM was starting to phase it out in favour to IBM Retail Environment for SUSE (IRES).
IBM continues to maintain their 4690 OS up to the present, with the most recent version in April 2010 being IBM 4690 OS version 6.2.
Siemens S5-DOS/MT.
Siemens used and still maintains FlexOS in their factory automation equipment as well. For example, their Simatic S5 STEP-5 operating system S5-DOS/MT is based on FlexOS 386 with X/GEM, FlexNet and Btrieve, whereas the smaller S5-DOS system, also present on these systems, is a variant of Digital Research's Personal CP/M-86.

</doc>
<doc id="18364732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364732" title="Slavko Ziherl">
Slavko Ziherl

Slavko Ziherl MD PhD (September 23, 1945January 21, 2012) was a Slovenian specialist in psychiatry. He graduated from the Ljubljana Faculty of Medicine in 1970, and specialised in neuropsychiatry at the University Psychiatric Clinic Ljubljana in 1976 and in psychiatry in the Netherlands in 1993. He had a Ph.D in the field of psychiatry. He was specialising in psychiatry in Great Britain for one year, and attended advanced studies in the USA, Great Britain and Canada.
From 1978 to 1990 Ziherl was the Head of the Centre for Treatment of Alcohol Addiction of the University Psychiatric Hospital in Ljubljana, and from 1994 to 1996 he was the Head of the Centre for Clinical Psychiatry of the University Psychiatric Hospital, and until 1998 he was the Medical Director of the Psychiatric Hospital of the University Medical Centre. After the independence of the Ljubljana Psychiatric Hospital, he was the general director until 2000, and since 2004, he was the medical director of this hospital. Since 1976, he was working in the outpatient clinic for treating sexual disorders, and since 1996, he was the head of the clinic.
Ziherl had been a university teacher of psychiatry at the Ljubljana Faculty of Medicine since 1997, and since 1996 he was the holder of the subject Forensic Psychopathology at the Ljubljana Faculty of Law. He was heading postgraduate studies for psychotherapy at the Ljubljana Faculty of Medicine since 1994. He was the holder of the subject Forensic Psychiatry for the master’s degree in criminal law at the Faculty of Law. He also held lectures in psychopathology at the postgraduate level at the Ljubljana Faculty of Medicine. He was the national coordinator for specialisation in psychiatry and the chief mentor to specialists of psychiatry.
Ziherl was a member of the Health Council at the Ministry of Health (1997–2002). Since 1999, he was a member of the Committee for Expert Medical Issues at the Medical Chamber of Slovenia. From 1996 to 2000 he was the President of the Association of Psychiatrists for the first time, and since 2004 he was re-elected for the President of the Association of Psychiatrists. He was the President of the Extended Expert Council for Psychiatry. Since 1995, he was the representative of the Association of Psychiatrists and Slovenian health care centres in the European Union of Medical Specialists (UEMS), Section of Psychiatry and the European Board of Psychiatry (EBP). Since 2001, he was the Vice-President of the EBP.
Ziherl was the author of books on controlling alcohol, on autohypnosis, several chapters in professional literature, as well as the co-editor and author of several chapters in a textbook on psychiatry, and he translated 10 psychological handbooks from English. His bibliography amounts to more than 190 units. He published his articles in newspapers and magazines as well as appears on radio and television.
Ziherl was born in Ljubljana in 1945. He lived in Ljubljana, and he was married with two children. In last years, he was an active member of the Liberal Democracy of Slovenia party. He died in Ljubljana on 21 January 2012 due to a heart disease.

</doc>
<doc id="18364743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364743" title="Koikküla">
Koikküla

Koikküla is a settlement in Taheva Parish, Valga County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364745" title="Stixwould railway station">
Stixwould railway station

Stixwould railway station was a station in Stixwould, Lincolnshire, England.
History.
The station was also the site of the Stixwould ferry across the river Witham, which closed in the 1960s.
The station building and signal box have been converted into a private dwelling and guest house called Time Away. The line has become part of the Water Rail Way, supported by Sustrans. The platforms survive and one has a station name board.

</doc>
<doc id="18364752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364752" title="Jugumetsa">
Jugumetsa

Jugumetsa is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364763" title="Heinasoo">
Heinasoo

Heinasoo is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364769" title="Pressi">
Pressi

Pressi is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364780" title="Kirikumäe">
Kirikumäe

Kirikumäe is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364787" title="Mõõlu">
Mõõlu

Mõõlu is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364790" title="Ateneo–La Salle rivalry">
Ateneo–La Salle rivalry

The Ateneo–La Salle rivalry is a school rivalry between two universities in the Philippines, the Ateneo de Manila University and De La Salle University. Both are private and Catholic academic institutions within the Metropolitan Manila area. The Ateneo Men's varsity team is known as Ateneo Blue Eagles, Women's varsity team as Lady Eagles, and high school team as Ateneo Blue Eaglets. The La Salle Men's varsity team is known as De La Salle Green Archers, Women's varsity team as Lady Archers, and high school team as Junior Archers.
History.
Ateneo and La Salle were co-founders of the NCAA but now compete in the UAAP. The seed for a future rivalry was planted after an Ateneo loss to La Salle in the championship game of NCAA season 16 (1939–40). Games between Ateneo and La Salle in the NCAA were always hotly contested but not yet tagged by the sportswriters as a rivalry since the recognized rivalry then was between Ateneo and San Beda. When Ateneo and La Salle transferred to the UAAP, they continued their hotly contested games and the sports press started to write about a rivalry. The basketball games between Ateneo and La Salle are currently the most anticipated in every UAAP season. These games draw huge crowds of students, school faculty/ officials, alums, high government officials such as cabinet members, senators and even a chief justice of the Supreme Court. Former presidents of the Philippines and ambassadors of the United States of America also attend the games. Both schools have extended their rivalry into the academic field and other sports.
From 1924 to 1925, basketball games between Ateneo and La Salle were played at the open basketball courts in the Padre Faura, Ermita campus of UP and in 1926 at Nozaleda Park (now called Agrifina Circle which is part of Luneta Park). The venue later moved to the covered court of the US Army's 31st Infantry Gym and UST Gym. The games then moved to the Rizal Memorial Coliseum to accommodate bigger crowds, and at one point, the venues included the Loyola Center, Cuneta Astrodome, and PhilSports Arena. Currently, the Smart Araneta Coliseum and the SM Mall of Asia Arena are the main venues for the sold out games also seen on national television.
Head-to-head records by sport.
Seniors' Division.
As of November, 2013 the De La Salle Green Archers has more collegiate championships compared to Ateneo in the NCAA and UAAP combined. La Salle has 150 collegiate titles versus Ateneo Blue Eagles with 63 collegiate titles. La Salle also has 5 Overall (General) Collegiate Championships versus Ateneo with 1 Overall (General) Collegiate Championship. This count excludes additional collegiate titles and the 3 General Collegiate Championships also won by De La Salle-College of St. Benilde since it participated in the NCAA in 1998.
La Salle leads Ateneo 9–3 in thirteen sports categories and tied in one sports category.
Both schools have yet to win collegiate championships in beach volleyball and cheerdance.
Overall championship This count excludes the additional high school titles and the 4 General High School Championships won by La Salle Green Hills after it began to represent De La Salle-College of St. Benilde in the NCAA Juniors division in 1998.
Basketball.
Overall.
In terms of total college and high school basketball titles won in the NCAA and UAAP, Ateneo leads La Salle, 50–23. In Men's basketball, Ateneo has a total of 22 men's titles whereas La Salle has 12. The Ateneo has 14 NCAA Men's Basketball titles to La Salle's 5. In the UAAP, the Ateneo leads La Salle in the number of Men's Basketball titles 8-7. In Juniors basketball, the Ateneo has 9 NCAA titles and 17 UAAP titles, for a total of 26, whereas La Salle has 5 NCAA titles and 2 UAAP titles, for 7 total. In women's basketball, both schools have only won titles in the UAAP (the NCAA doesn't have a women's basketball program), where La Salle leads Ateneo, 4–2.
The Ateneo Blue Eagles and De La Salle Green Archers have met in the championships of the NCAA and UAAP at least seven times. The Blue Eagles won the men's basketball title over La Salle in 1958, 1988, 2002, and 2008, whereas the Green Archers prevailed in 1939, 1974, and 2001.
In the junior division, the De La Salle Junior Archers defeated the top-seeded Ateneo Blue Eaglets in 2007. In 2009, the Eaglets defeated the top-seeded Junior Archers.
Collegiate Titles of National Scope.
In terms of collegiate titles of national scope, Ateneo leads 3 titles to 2. Ateneo won the Collegiate Champions League title in 2007, and won back to back the Philippine Collegiate Championship (PCC) in 2009 and 2010. La Salle won the Philippine Inter-collegiate title in 1988 and the Philippine Collegiate Championship in 2008 with La Salle winning over Ateneo.
Ateneo won the 2007 Collegiate Champions League title against the University of the Visayas Green Lancers, 71–54. The Collegiate Champions League (CCL), was then reformatted and became the Philippine Collegiate Championship (PCC). It is currently the national collegiate basketball championship tournament, sanctioned by the Samahang Basketbol ng Pilipinas, the country's official basketball federation. College teams from all over the country participate in the tournament. The tournament also has a Sweet 16 similar to the United States' NCAA Basketball Tournament during "March Madness."
La Salle's Green Archers won the 2008 PCC title. La Salle defeated the second-seeded NCAA champion San Beda Red Lions and arranged a finals meeting with the top-seeded UAAP champion Ateneo Blue Eagles, who defeated the Letran Knights in the final four. In the championship match, the De La Salle Green Archers prevailed over the Ateneo Blue Eagles, 71–62.
In the 2009 season of the Philippine Collegiate Championship, the Blue Eagles defeated the FEU Tamaraws in three games to clinch their second national title, whereas the Green Archers were eliminated by the Letran Knights in their first game in the round of 16.
In the 2010 season of the Philippine Collegiate Championship, the Blue Eagles defeated the Adamson Falcons in three games to clinch their third and back-to-back national titles, while the Green Archers settled for 3rd-placed beating the UC Webmasters despite having 4 players injured and 10 players intact in the line-up.
Ateneo has also won back-to-back titles in the annual University Games, winning in 2008 and 2009.
Championship Streaks.
Ateneo was 3-peat NCAA champion from 1931 through 1933, and its record of 14 collegiate titles remained unsurpassed by any school in the NCAA until 2003. They currently hold the distinction of having the longest UAAP basketball title streak in the Final Four era after winning five straight times from 2008 to 2012.
La Salle became the first school to be three-peat UAAP basketball champions in the both Men's and Women's division in 1999, 2000, and 2001.
Both schools have also managed to post what are regarded as "double championships" by winning both the seniors and juniors titles in the same year. The Ateneo Blue Eagles still have the most number of double titles in NCAA history, with 4 double championships, including the NCAA's second back-to-back double championships in 1975 and 1976 (the first was accomplished by the University of the Philippines in 1925 and 1926).
Ateneo holds the distinction of being the only double three-peat champion in the Senior and Junior levels from 2008 to 2010 whether in the NCAA or the UAAP, and has posted two four-peats and three back-to-back title streaks in the UAAP juniors division.
After winning two championships in 1989 and 1990 in the UAAP, La Salle temporarily gained the upper hand, further dominating in the late 1990s through the turn of the millennium as 4-peat champion from 1998 to 2001.
La Salle does not have any such streaks in the NCAA, but won back-to-back titles once and also posted a rare four-peat in UAAP men's basketball. The Lady Archers also achieved a 4-peat of their own in 2002. This is currently the longest UAAP women's basketball championship streak in the Final Four era.
La Salle, accomplished the double championship once during its stint in the NCAA and UAAP.
NCAA.
In 1939 La Salle defeated Ateneo in both the Seniors and Juniors NCAA Championship. A legend states that the rivalry reputedly started that year when after La Salle defeated Ateneo, then the defending champions, La Salle students threw fried chicken outside the gates of the old Ateneo campus in Manila. Ateneo and La Salle would not meet in the championship again until 1958 where Ateneo defeated La Salle by a basket in overtime. Another finals meeting of both schools took place in 1974 with La Salle prevailing over Ateneo in the championship. Ateneo and La Salle left the NCAA in 1978 and 1981 respectively after games turned into full-blown riots, with Ateneo leaving after losing the 1978 championship against San Beda in closed doors, and La Salle after fan disturbance in their 1980 second-round game against Letran.
UAAP.
Ateneo completed a back-to-back in 1988 by prevailing over La Salle in the first head to head championship match up between the two schools. La Salle, on the other hand, won four straight titles from 1998 to 2001, with La Salle beating Ateneo in the 2001 Finals capping its 4-peat title run. Ateneo subsequently defeated La Salle in the 2002 championship to end its 14-year title drought. In 2003, Ateneo eliminated La Salle in the semifinals, breaking a streak of La Salle appearances in the finals. La Salle won the 2004 title after eliminating Ateneo in the semifinals, but was stripped off the title when they were suspended for fielding two ineligible players. La Salle swept the UE Red Warriors to win the 2007 title after the suspension, a season that saw them meet the Blue Eagles five times, lose thrice, but win two crucial games including the one that paved the way for a finals appearance. Ateneo defeated La Salle in all four encounters in 2008, including the Finals, thereby dethroning DLSU. Ateneo then went on to win all matches against La Salle on the way to winning a running total of five consecutive UAAP titles, except for a lone La Salle victory in the first round of eliminations in 2010. The two teams most recently met in a Final Four encounter, where the Blue Eagles defeated the Green Archers, eliminating La Salle from contention. With its 2012 title victory, the Ateneo broke its deadlock of UAAP titles with La Salle and exceeded La Salle's championship streak with the longest in the Final Four era, and now has the longest held by only one UAAP school.
2001 Finals: Last of the Four-peat<br>
La Salle was the defending three-time champions, while Ateneo were in a 13-year championship drought; Ateneo started well, but La Salle had a relentless fourth quarter run, capped off by Manny Ramos' insurance free-throws to seal the game with 3.9 seconds left. At Game 2, Enrico Villanueva scored 22 points to lead the Eagles to a series-extending win. After Mike Cortez tying the game at 72–all, Villanueva passed the ball to teammate Magnum Membrere who scored a three-pointer, on the next possession, Ren-Ren Ritualo failed to answer with a game-tying three of his own to force a sudden-death Game 3, scoring Ateneo's first win against La Salle in the season after three games. In the deciding game, Carlo Sharma scored a UAAP career-high 22 points, 11 in the final quarter to prevent an Ateneo victory; Ateneo's rookie L.A. Tenorio had 30 points of his own, but it wasn't enough, as La Salle coach Pumaren remarking that "This was the sweetest of the four championships because we're able to erase the stigma of our 1988 loss to Ateneo."
2002 Finals: 14 year Ateneo championship drought is over<br>
Prior to the Finals, Ateneo prevented a 14–0 elimination round sweep of La Salle that would had given a bye up to the best-of-3 Finals. Instead, Ateneo defeated La Salle in the elimination round finale 76–63. La Salle defeated rival University of Santo Tomas (UST), and Ateneo overcame No. 2 seed University of the East (UE) in two games, with the second game ending in a buzzer beater by Gec Chia to push Ateneo into the Finals anew.
Game 1 ended with Villanueva scoring Ateneo's last ten points, and teammate Larry Fonacier blocking two shots by Mark Cardona that would've forced overtime to give Ateneo a 1–0 series lead. In Game 2, with the Ateneo team noted as being "tense," La Salle had an 18-point lead at halftime, which Ateneo cut down to three, 80–77, but Sharma and Adonis Santa Maria converted crucial free-throws that gave La Salle enough breathing space to force another Game 3. In Game 3, La Salle player Mike Cortez missed 11 of 13 shots, which caused La Salle students and alumni to accuse him of throwing the game, as Ateneo eventually won the title to deny La Salle a fifth-consecutive championship.
2003–2005: Semifinal meetings<br>
Ateneo and La Salle would play second fiddle to Far Eastern University (FEU) from 2003 to 2005, with the Tamaraws defeating Ateneo in 2003, losing to La Salle in 2004 and defeating La Salle in 2005.
Along the way, the two teams met in the semifinals, where the higher seed gets the "twice-to-beat advantage". In 2003, La Salle forced No. 1 seed Ateneo into a rubber match after a 76–72 overtime win, with the game being halted after a brawl erupted between the two teams. With Ateneo's LA Tenorio and La Salle's Ryan Araña suspended for the deciding game, Ateneo eliminated La Salle from Finals contention in the deciding game with a 74–68 triumph.
In 2004, La Salle and Ateneo finished the elimination round tied for second place, so a playoff game was played to determine which team gets the twice-to-beat advantage. La Salle won the game, and ended Ateneo's season in the semifinals, to face FEU in the Finals. La Salle would win in three games to deny FEU which had defeated Ateneo a season before, a back-to-back championship run.
In 2005, three teams, La Salle, Ateneo and UE, were all tied for second place. La Salle won the tiebreaker with a superior point differential on games played by the three teams, causing Ateneo and UE to play for the right to face La Salle with the twice-to-win "disadvantage" in which the Eagles won. However, La Salle defeated Ateneo in the semifinals to clinch another Finals appearance against FEU.
2006: La Salle suspension<br>
After FEU swept La Salle in the 2005 championship series, La Salle admitted it fielded two ineligible players from 2003 to 2005, albeit it claimed not to be aware of their ineligibility which caused them to return the 2005 runner-up trophy and the 2004 championship trophy they won against FEU (The league would later award FEU the trophy). The league suspended La Salle in 2006 for a year due to negligence, with all of their games during that period also forfeited. Ateneo faced UST in the 2006 Finals, a series UST won in three games.
2007: "Two is greater than three"<br>
Upon their return in 2007, UE swept the elimination round 14–0, with their last game against La Salle going into overtime with the Warriors still prevailing. With Ateneo also losing their last game, the two teams were again tied for second place, and La Salle won the playoff game to clinch the twice-to-beat advantage. Prior to this, Ateneo won the two elimination round games against La Salle.
Unlike earlier match-ups where the team with the advantage won the first game, Ateneo won the first game, with Chris Tiu playing pivotal roles in crunch time where he scored the winning lay-up with 7.3 seconds remaining to force a deciding game. In their fifth meeting of the season, Pocholo Villanueva scored a three-pointer to add La Salle's lead to nine with less than three minutes in the game left. After an Ateneo 6–2 run, Villanueva scored a jump-shot anew, padding the lead to seven. After Ford Arao later cut the lead to five, La Salle's OJ Cua missed two free-throws with 23.9 seconds remaining. Chris Tiu passed the ball to Nonoy Baclao who scored a three-pointer to cut the lead to two, but JV Casio converted both of his free-throws with 4 seconds left to punch La Salle's ticket to the Finals. This had been the only time Ateneo and La Salle played for five games in a season without both the teams advancing to the Finals.
La Salle would eventually sweep UE in the Finals 2–0 to cap their seventh men's basketball championship. After the season, La Salle coach Franz Pumaren remarked that "This is the only time that two is greater than three, they beat us three times, but we beat them when it counted the most."
2008 Finals: Double Championship<br>
Ateneo would later claim their fourth UAAP title in 2008 against defending champions La Salle by sweeping the finals series 2–0. In Game 1, Rabeh Al-Hussaini scored 31 points to lead Ateneo to a win. In Game 2, Ateneo led by 15 points at halftime, but La Salle came back cutting the lead to three, 50–47 at the end of the third quarter. However, La Salle forward Rico Maierhofer was ejected just before the end of the third after the officials said that he flashed the dirty finger, although Maierhofer denied the charge. A La Salle scoring drought saw the lead balloon to eight in the last two minutes, and Ateneo never looked back after a Jai Reyes three-point play to secure Ateneo's fourth UAAP men's basketball title.
2009–12: Ateneo championships<br>
La Salle paraded several rookies for the 2009 season, while Ateneo emerged with only Chris Tiu as the major graduating player. With these conditions, the first Ateneo–La Salle game came at the heels of former President Corazon Aquino's death, and as a result, spectators wore yellow as a sign for respect for Aquino. Ateneo outlasted La Salle in overtime to end the first round with a solitary loss. The two teams met a week later, but this time Ateneo had a big enough lead to prevent La Salle from catching up. Ateneo qualified for the semifinals as the No. 1 seed, eventually winning the championship; La Salle missed out on the Final Four on the final day after being defeated by NU. The 2009 season would be the first time Ateneo and La Salle would not meet in the playoffs since 2001, not including their Finals encounter in 2008 and the DLSU suspension in 2006.
In 2010, parading some new players and an improved set of veterans, the Green Archers defeated the Blue Eagles, 66–63, with the Blue Eagles still feeling the loss of three of the previous season's starters and sophomore guard Sam Marata shooting hot in the end game. This was the first official win of the Green Archers against the Blue Eagles in UAAP action since 2007. In the second round encounter, the Ateneo Blue Eagles were threatened with falling into a tie in the standings had they lost to DLSU. After falling behind 4–9, the Blue Eagles went on a 10–0 scoring run to take a double digit lead, and went on to defeat the Archers decisively, 74–57.
2010 was the second straight year that Ateneo and DLSU would not meet in a post eliminations series. DLSU managed to reach the Final Four after missing it in the previous season, but fell to the top-seeded FEU Tamaraws in overtime. The Blue Eagles defeated the Adamson Falcons in the Final Four, and went on to sweep the Tamaraws for their third consecutive title despite not having any player in the Mythical Team.
In 2011, the Ateneo Blue Eagles team headlined by two rookies defeated DLSU again in both of their elimination matches. It is also the third straight year that Ateneo and DLSU would not meet in a post elimination series, since the DLSU failed to qualify once again for the Final Four. The Ateneo was the top-seeded team in the semifinals and defeated the UST Growling Tigers in one game. The Blue Eagles then proceeded to sweep the finals series against the FEU Tamaraws, thus achieving its own four-peat.
Prior to the start of the 2012 season, Norman Black announced that this would be his last season as head coach of the Ateneo. La Salle, on the other hand, had a rookie coach in Gee Abanilla. The two schools met thrice that season- twice in the elimination and once in the semi-finals with Ateneo winning all of the games. A few days prior to the Final 4 match between Ateneo and La Salle, the Blue Eagle's patron, Manny Pangilinan, announced that he would be pulling out his support from the school. Despite the controversy, Ateneo eventually won its fifth consecutive title, facing UST in the finals.
2013: The End of an Era for Ateneo<br>
Upon the departure of Norman Black, Dolreich "Bo" Perasol, a former member of the University of the Philippines men's basketball team and a seasoned Philippine Basketball Association head coach, was tapped by Ateneo as head coach of the Blue Eagles. The entry of Perasol, who was rumored to be tapped as team consultant of the UP Fighting Maroons prior to his appointment as Ateneo head coach, also heralded the return of Manny Pangilinan as the Blue Eagles' main patron. Joining Ateneo men's basketball team was Filipino-American forward Chris Newsome.
Over at La Salle, a series of reshuffles within and outside of the team resulted to the appointment of then assistant coach Juno Sauler as the head coach of the Green Archers. Joining the De La Salle Green Archers coaching staff prior to the start of the 2013-2014 UAAP season was Allan Caidic, who took on the chores of shooting coach. Filipino-American forwards Jason Perkins and Matthew Salem became a part of team roster, which had to adjust to the loss of resident players Yutien Andrada, Mac Tallo, Fonzo Gotladera and Papot Paredes.
For the first time since 2005, La Salle was able to sweep Ateneo during the elimination round. During their first round meeting at the Mall of Asia Arena last July 7, 2013, the Green Archers, banking on the heroics of combo guard Almond Vosotros and center Arnold Van Opstal, defeated the Blue Eagles, 82-73, resulting to Ateneo's third straight loss to start the season. The second round meeting, which was held at the Araneta Coliseum last September 1, 2013, was tightly contested by Ateneo and La Salle, with the Green Archers winning over the Blue Eagles, 66-64, after sophomore forward Jeron Teng sank a floater with only two seconds left in the shot clock.
Toward the end of the second round Ateneo-La Salle game, Perasol was involved in a scuffle with JJ Atayde, an alumnus of La Salle, after the former got irked with the latter's heckling. The incident caused the UAAP Board to penalize Perasol with a one-game suspension and Atayde with a season-wide ban from watching games. Controversy further ensued after Perasol violated his one game suspension by watching from inside the Ateneo dugout during the Blue Eagles' September 8, 2013 game against the UE Red Warriors, forcing UE team officials to file an inquiry before the UAAP Board. The UAAP Board acted on UE's request for an inquiry, ordering Perasol to serve his one-game suspension during Ateneo's September 18, 2013 game against the UST Growling Tigers.
Ateneo, with Perasol serving his one-game suspension, was eventually defeated by UST, 74-82, causing the Blue Eagles to not only be dethroned as UAAP Men's Basketball Champions after five straight seasons but to also miss Final Four contention for the first time since 1998.
La Salle, after a disastrous 3-4 finish during the first round of elimination games, swept the second round and ended the elimination round at 10-4, forcing a three-way tie for the top spot alongside the NU Bulldogs and the FEU Tamaraws. Due to having the highest quotient, NU took the Number One spot with twice-to-beat advantage and faced the UST in the Final Four, with the Growling Tigers defeating the Bulldogs in two games. On the other hand, La Salle and FEU faced each other twice, the first meeting being a rubber match game for the Number Two spot and the twice-to-beat advantage and the second being the formal Final Four game, with the Green Archers winning on both occasions and entering the Finals for the first time since UAAP Season 71.
During the Finals series, La Salle defeated UST in three games to win the UAAP Season 76 Men's Basketball Championship title.
Juniors' basketball rivalry.
The two universities are also represented in the high school level, with the Ateneo de Manila High School and La Salle Green Hills (1968–1981), De La Salle Zobel (1986–present). And a similar rivalry, although on much lesser scale, currently exists. When La Salle Green Hills used to be the Juniors' team of the Green Archers in the NCAA though, the rivalry between the Ateneo and La Salle in the high school level was much stronger, considering that both the Ateneo High School and the LSGH High School are both all-male schools, igniting a huge rumble in 1978. But this rivalry has since faded, with AHS being in the UAAP and LSGH staying in the NCAA. Still, the remnants of this rivalry live on in the UAAP with LSGH's sister school De La Salle-Santiago Zobel School, the juniors representative of De La Salle University in the UAAP, taking its place.
In Juniors basketball, the Ateneo has 9 NCAA titles and 17 UAAP titles, for a total of 26, whereas La Salle has 5 NCAA titles and 2 UAAP titles, for 7 total.
La Salle Greenies defeated the Ateneo Blue Ateneo Eaglets in the 1939 NCAA Junior Championship. Ateneo High School and De La Salle Santiago Zobel School (DLSZ) met twice in the UAAP juniors' basketball finals; in 2007 in which DLSZ won in two games dethroning the Eaglets in the process, and in 2009 in which the Blue Eaglets won the best-of-three series, 2–1. In addition, the Junior Archers weren't able to defend their 2005 championship due to their suspension along with their seniors' counterparts.
Philippine University Games.
Ateneo has won the basketball crown of the Unigames 3 times (2008, 2009, and 2011). La Salle has won it once (1998).
National Seniors Open championship.
The National Seniors Open was a tournament participated by top commercial (MICAA) and collegiate teams in the country. La Salle won the 1939 and 1949 Championships. Ateneo has not won a National Seniors Open championship.
National Open.
La Salle also won the National Open in 1983.
Other sports.
Both schools have also competed in various sports including badminton, baseball, chess, football (soccer), softball, swimming, taekwondo, table tennis, track and field, tennis, and volleyball during various periods of the NCAA and UAAP.
Football (soccer).
Football, the most popular sport in the world, was also reported to be the top sport in the Philippines from the 1920s, 1930s, and shortly after World War II. In terms of the total number of collegiate and high school titles in the NCAA and UAAP combined La Salle leads Ateneo 62–16.
La Salle has the most number of collegiate championships in NCAA history with 21 versus Ateneo with 6. The Green Achers were 9-peat champions from 1932 through 1940. In the UAAP La Salle also leads with a combined 10 titles, made up of 3 Men's and 7 Women's titles, versus Ateneo's 7 Men's titles. The Ateneo Men's football team were 3-peat champions twice in the UAAP, from 1998 through 2001 and 2003 through 2005.
In the NCAA Junior division La Salle has 30 titles versus Ateneo's 2 titles. La Salle Junior Archers were twice 5-peat champions from 1937 through 1941 and 1971 through 1976. Both high schools have 1 title apiece in the UAAP which only considers the Junior division football a demonstration sport.
For the De La Salle Zobel Men's football team; they have maintained 5 years of high school football championships in the RIFA cup 1 and 2 where Ateneo was not successful in winning any match against De La Salle Zobel which totaled 9 championship titles from 2001 to 2005. From 2001 to 2005, De La Salle Zobel were RIFA 1 and 2 champions 9 times, most of them back to back champions in every year. The only loss La Salle Zobel encountered was a loss to Xavier high school during the RIFA 2 championship in 2004.
In the inaugural UAAP Juniors Football Championship in 2007–08, De La Salle Zobel won the demonstration championship. Ateneo won the demonstration championship the following year. In 2009–10, Ateneo won the first official UAAP Juniors Football Championship.
Volleyball.
In volleyball, one of the most popular collegiate sports, La Salle leads with 12 championships compared to Ateneo with 2 championships. La Salle was 4-peat Men's NCAA champions from 1977 through 1980 (considered their golden era). The Green Archers were also UAAP Men's champions in 2001 and 2003. The Lady Archers were three-peat UAAP champions from the 2003–2004 season to the 2005–2006 season. They were the first NCAA champions in 1975 and had three additional UAAP titles that were won during the 1999–2000, 2008–2009 and 2010–2011 seasons. Ateneo was Men's and Women's NCAA champion in 1976.
UAAP Season 74 Women's Volleyball Finals.
For the first time in history, Ateneo and La Salle met each other at the UAAP Season 74 women's volleyball finals. The De La Salle Lady Spikers automatically entered the finals with a thrice-to-beat advantage after sweeping the elimination round. On the other hand, the Ateneo Lady Eagles, consistently ranked second throughout much of the elimination round, entered the finals for the first time since Ateneo de Manila University joined the UAAP.
The De La Salle Lady Spikers defeated the Ateneo Lady Eagles in three games to win their seventh UAAP women's volleyball championship title. Game One of the Finals was won by Ateneo in four sets but Games Two and Three of the series were won by La Salle, with the DLSU Lady Spikers beating the Ateneo Lady Spikers in four sets during Game Two and in three sets during Game Three. La Salle team captain Charleen Cruz was named as Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the finals.
UAAP Season 75 Women's Volleyball Finals.
Ateneo and La Salle faced each other once again during the UAAP Season 75 women's volleyball finals after the De La Salle Lady Spikers defeated the NU Lady Bulldogs and the Ateneo Lady Eagles defeated the Adamson Lady Falcons during the Final Four matches that were held at the Smart Araneta Coliseum on February 23, 2013.
Game One of the Ateneo-La Salle finals was played before a crowd of 17,342 at the Smart Araneta Coliseum on March 2, 2013. The Lady Spikers defeated the Lady Eagles in five sets, 20-25, 17-25, 25-22, 25-22, 15-6.
Game Two of the finals was held at the Mall of Asia Arena on March 6, 2013. With the game attended by 18,779 paying patrons, La Salle defeated Ateneo in three sets, 25-23, 25-20, 25-16, to finish the series in two games and win their eighth UAAP women's volleyball championship title. Michele Gumabao was named the Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the Finals.
Badminton.
La Salle has had 5 and Ateneo 4 total badminton collegiate championships. The last badminton crown for La Salle came in 2009 and for Ateneo in 2004. Both schools have had fairly strong teams over a number of years in collegiate badminton.
Taekwondo.
In another popular collegiate sport, Taekwondo, La Salle has 6 collegiate titles whereas Ateneo has no titles to date.
Judo.
In Judo Ateneo has the upper hand with 6 collegiate titles. La Salle has yet to win a title in this sport category. La Salle almost won their first Judo championships in Season 71 with 3 gold medals and the Ateneo with 2. Ateneo was able to clinch championships with bronze medals that boosted them to the overall championship.
In 2010, the Ateneo Blue Judokas won their third straight Judo title in UAAP Judo, together with the Ateneo High School Judokas, that won their fifth straight title.
Swimming.
La Salle has 15 collegiate swimming titles versus Ateneo with 2 swimming titles. La Salle was 3-peat champion in the Men's division in 2000, 2001, and 2002 as well as 2-peat champion in the Women's division in 2002 and 2003. Ateneo won the Women's title in 2000 and the Men's title in 2012.
Baseball.
La Salle has had the upper hand in Ateneo-La Salle match ups. Prior to Ateneo's 10-year curse, in 1991, La Salle lost to Ateneo 10–5 for Ateneo's last victory before the infamous losing streak. It took 13 years before Ateneo could beat La Salle when in 2004, Johnel Clemente's game-winning RBI single off La Salle pitcher Angel Gabriel nailed Ateneo's victory, 9–8. In 2006, Ateneo handed La Salle its first humiliating 10-run loss, 17–7, on Jonathan Sibal's 2-RBI single off pitcher Jeff Ardio which ended the game prematurely at the 8th inning (mercy rule). La Salle actually led 7–4 in the 4th inning before Ateneo exploded for 9 runs and put the game out of reach. In 2009, Ateneo and La Salle combined for what may be the highest scoring game in UAAP Baseball history when Ateneo defeated La Salle, 27–14.
Men's basketball results.
Men's basketball games between the two in the UAAP are the most anticipated match-ups in the season, with most games being sold out. Both teams are guaranteed to face each other at the elimination round (regular season) twice, while they can meet for a maximum of three times in the playoffs (up to three times in the semifinals, or twice in the semifinals plus a seeding playoff).
The games were played consistently from 1986 until 2006 when La Salle was suspended for fielding two ineligible players.
Official UAAP league records since 1986 show that head to head championships between the teams have Ateneo leading 3 championships to 1. Including regular season, Final Four and Championship games in the UAAP, Ateneo leads 42 games to 29 as seven La Salle wins from 2003 to 2005 were forfeited due to the use of ineligible players using falsified documents. 
Trivia.
Due to many socialites watching the games live, La Salle head coach Franz Pumaren said that "The janitors in Araneta always say, 'If there's an Ateneo-La Salle game, once everybody's out of the coliseum, it still smells good because of the all the socialites watching.' " In the late 1990s, former first daughter and actress Kris Aquino would call Ateneo head coach Joe Lipa to check on the team's progress, according to Ricky Dandan, Lipa's former assistant and brother of former NU Bulldogs coach Manny. Joel Banal, Ateneo's head coach from 2002 to 2003, used to have nightmares about La Salle's dreaded press, and considers the 2002 championship as his greatest accomplishment, after which Ateneo alums would pay for his restaurant bills.
Furthermore, Ateneo alumni installed the playing floor on the 2000 NBA All-Star Game to the Moro Lorenzo Sports Center, while shipping magnate Enrique Razon, Jr. donated about US$1 million to refurbish La Salle's sporting facilities.
During the collegiate games between both schools, notably basketball, televised coverage would occasionally flash famous alumni from entertainment, politics, business, education, and other fields watching from the sidelines. Former Ateneo cheerleader and current Senator Richard Gordon is renowned for sideline antics like jumping on the scorer's table to rile up the crowd. Gary Valenciano entertained the crowds during the recent UAAP 73 opening ceremonies.
Orlando Magic player Gilbert Arenas described the Ateneo-La Salle game as "you split the crowd in half, 50–50. One side of their gym was blue and one side of their gym was green and everybody was just yelling."

</doc>
<doc id="18364794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364794" title="Heibri">
Heibri

Heibri is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364795" title="Eugène Trutat">
Eugène Trutat

Eugène Trutat (25 August 1840 – 6 August 1910) was a French naturalist, mountaineer, geologist and photographer, who was curator of the Museum of Toulouse.
He began taking photographs in 1859, and produced almost 15,000 over the course of the next fifty years, covering a wide range of topics.

</doc>
<doc id="18364801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364801" title="Louis Proost">
Louis Proost

Louis Proost (born Halle, 7 April 1935, died 3 February 2009) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, who became world amateur champion in 1957. In the 1960 Tour de France, he won one stage.

</doc>
<doc id="18364806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364806" title="Saarde, Võru County">
Saarde, Võru County

Saarde is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364808" title="1CMS">
1CMS

FM 91.1 CMS (callsign 1CMS) is a multilingual community radio station broadcasting to Canberra in languages other than English from studios in the suburb of Holder. CMS is a member of the National Ethnic and Multicultural Broadcasters Council (NEMBC) and the Community Broadcasting Association of Australia (CBAA).
The policy of CMS is to encourage all languages to broadcast for at least an hour each week, providing time on an equitable basis. Programming priorities include youth, women and emerging communities.
History.
The EBC (Ethnic Broadcasters Council) as it was then called, started broadcasting by purchasing airtime on community station 2XX. Up to 25 language groups were broadcasting for half an hour each per week during the 1980s. Discontent in the early 1990s saw the EBC and 2XX sever ties with each other. EBC were off the air until August 1992 when they were able to apply for their own test broadcast licence. EBC were back on air on Tuesdays and Fridays using the facilities of ArtSound FM.
In 1999 the EBC received a full-time test licence to broadcast on 103.5 FM. Soon after the on air identity was changed to "Canberra Multicultural Service" and the frequency moved to the present 91.1 FM. Then an application for a full broadcasting licence was applied for. This was granted on June 15, 2001.
Current.
FM 91.1 CMS now has programming in around 30 languages. The station broadcasts live from the "Canberra Multicultural Festival" each year. Internet streaming was introduced in 2008.
Programming.
As of 2008, the station broadcasts in the following languages:
Satellite programming from Deutsche Welle, Radio France International and the National Indigenous Radio Service is also carried.

</doc>
<doc id="18364811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364811" title="Baldwin de Boulers">
Baldwin de Boulers

Baldwin de Boulers came to England in 1105 when he was granted the Lordship of Montgomery, Powys in marriage with Sybil de Falaise. Sybil was referred to as the niece of Henry I of England but is commonly believed, probably incorrectly, to be one of his illegitimate children. 
Baldwin was of a Flemish family from Boelare and his father was Stephen, Baron de Boelare. Boelare is now known as NederBoelare and is part of the town of Geraardsbergen, East Flanders, Belgium.
The de Boulers were based at Hen Domen, the original site for Montgomery Castle and it is from Baldwin that Montgomery gets its Welsh name, Trefaldwyn "The Town of Baldwin".
The de Boulers continued as a prominent Shropshire family, becoming the Bowdlers.

</doc>
<doc id="18364813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364813" title="Southrey railway station">
Southrey railway station

Southrey railway station is a former station in Southrey, Lincolnshire.
History.
The station was opened on 17 October 1848 as part of the new Lincolnshire Loop Line, from Peterborough to Lincoln via Spalding and Boston. This line was authorised as part of the London and York Railway bill, which received Royal assent on 26 June 1846. The Great Northern Railway began construction of the loop line in 1847.
The station closed on 5 October 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="18364815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364815" title="Jakobi">
Jakobi

Jakobi is a settlement in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364819" title="Ortumäe">
Ortumäe

Ortumäe is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364824" title="Hubay">
Hubay

Hubay is a Hungarian surname. Notable persons named Hubay include:

</doc>
<doc id="18364833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364833" title="Kündja">
Kündja

Kündja is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364841" title="Perametsa, Võru County">
Perametsa, Võru County

Perametsa is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364847" title="Kõrgepalu">
Kõrgepalu

Kõrgepalu is a settlement in Varstu Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364851" title="Vince McCarthy">
Vince McCarthy

Vincent John McCarthy (November 3, 1899 – November 1968) was an football player, who played for three years with the Rock Island Independents, of the National Football League and the first American Football League. 
Once he became owner of the team in 1924, Dale Johnson made McCarthy, who was the team's back-up quarterback, his new general manager.

</doc>
<doc id="18364857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364857" title="Bardney railway station">
Bardney railway station

Bardney railway station was a station in Bardney, Lincolnshire. North of the station the line split in two with one branch going to Lincoln and the other to Louth.
Bardney station was removed brick by brick and placed in the care of Railworld in Peterborough, the station buildings and a rebuild of the Bardney Goods shed is to be built within the next 2 years in conjunction to a new mile long 2 foot, 2 foot 6 inch railway line to be built for the £10 million exhibition centre to be built on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18364859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364859" title="Meeksi">
Meeksi

Meeksi () is a village in Tartu County, Estonia. It's the administrative centre of Meeksi Parish.

</doc>
<doc id="18364865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364865" title="Château de Janvry">
Château de Janvry

The Château de Janvry is a stately home in the French village of Janvry, Essonne.
The château dates back to the 17th century. It is still partially surrounded by watered moats. Its main building includes a primary wing facing west and two attached side wings; the north wing and the south wing. All wings are linked, creating a U-shaped château. The château has been listed as an historical monument by the Demeure Historique Association in the early 1980s.
History.
The château was built around 1600 and 1650 in the Louis XIII architectural style. It has been part of the Reille family for many centuries. The château has always been transmitted from generation to generation by the women of the family. Therefore, each succession brought a new last name as the domain’s owner. The families of Anjoran and Reille are amongst the families who inherited the château. Unfortunately, during the French Revolution of 1789, the château was robbed, resulting in the family losing all of their older documents regarding the château, its domain and history. Since the mid-19th century, the château has been used as a secondary residence by the family. The monument located at the village entrance was built, following the death of Elisabeth Anjoran, who died while giving birth in 1847.
The Baron Jean Victor Reille inherited the domain during World War II. As the château had been unoccupied by the Reille family during the war, the German, English and the French troops successfully lodged in the château. Local inhabitants witnessed the degradation of the property made by some of the French troops, unlike the Germans or the English who took care of the domain. Some soldiers extracted wood panels from the original 17th century hardwood floors to use as fuel for the master living room chimney during the harsh winter months. Today, traces of the new and replaced wooden panels can be seen in some parts of the formal living rooms. Also, in a bedroom on the second floor of the North West tower, some inscriptions and writings on the walls can be found, witnessing the occupancy by French soldiers.
When Baron Jean Reille arrived to the château returning from the war, nettles were growing in some of the rooms of the house. Over the next few years following the end of the Second World, he and his wife Liliane successfully gave the château back its ancient splendor by installing a new roof, adding modern plumbing and electricity, also remodeling the interior of the house. His son, the Baron Ghislain Reille, pursued this laborious work when he took responsibility over the house in the 1980s. The château is now a modern property where many renovations have been made within the original style and charm of the Louis XIII-style chateau.
Over recent years, multiple movie and television production companies intended to use the château for production needs, but the only time the château has ever been open to the public is in 1995 for a fireworks show.
Tourism.
Visitors access the main building using a bridge over passing the moats, passing through a very large wrought iron portal which leads to the formal courtyard (‘Cour d’Honneur’). The portal key weights around 1 kilo (two pounds) and measures up to 30 centimeters (12 inches) long. Leading to the château from the fields to the west is a alley, bordered with poplars (‘l’Allee des Peupliers’). This alley was the original château’s entrance, and is now covered with maintained grass as a paved village street which crosses the alley along the moats, separating the alley from the château, creating an easy access for visitors and owners.
The Cour d’Honneur is a large 50 by 50 meter courtyard covered with white gravel. It is surrounded by grassy areas and plants separating the courtyard in symmetric areas, giving a perspective view of the main building to the arriving visitor.
The main building follows a Louis XIII architectural style. Following this architecture trends, the château shows a very typical dissymmetry, unique to the Louis XIII style. The west side of the main building has 4 windows left to the main entrance, and 3 on the right side. Similarly, on the East side of the building (facing the private park), 5 windows can be found on the right of the entrance door, and 4 can be found on the left side.
The Main Building.
Central part of the château (the West wing), includes the master living room, dining room, billiard and château’s formal entryway. All rooms have windows facing east and west. These rooms get natural daylight from the sunrise over the park to sunset over the fields and the poplar alley. The second floor includes a long corridor leading to multiple bedroom suites overlooking the private park and garden.
The first floor of the north wing has originally been designed to store stagecoaches for lords or visitors. Since then, the arches (where the stagecoaches were stored) have been filled, but are still easily visible.
The south wing faces the small courtyard and is a fully functional home with its own private entrance, kitchen and large living/dining room on the first floor. The second floor is accessible through private staircases. 4 bedrooms and a bathroom can be found on the second floor. The south wing was originally intended for the staff’s use. The entrance of this wing used to be the fruit cellar; a separate apartment on the first floor. The kitchen was a bedroom, and the current living/dining room was a small studio. The second floor rooms were accessible through the staircases found on the southern part of the West wing.
The Small Courtyard.
This courtyard is surrounded by barns and granaries forming a closed square where poultry, cattle and other farm animals used to be raised. All barns still have many traces of past activities. In one cowshed, some cows’ names can be seen (the stable is still functional and can house up to 4 horses). The attics above the barns are sumptuous with their vaulted ceilings and large oak beams from the local forests. One barn (in particular) has ceilings soaring 15–20 yards high. They were used to store cereals and grains. One of the barns leads to the south-western part of the tower, where 4 jail cells can still be found. In order to preserve its authenticity, no-one ever renovated these cells. Only a small and inaccessible fanlight gives air and light to the room. Two of the 4 jail doors are still present. It has been confirmed that these jail cells were being used during World War II, for war prisoners.
The Cellar.
The cellar runs under the entire west and north wings. The vaulted cellar has been used to store food and wine for many years. The cider and apple liquor produced in the château were stored there to mature.
The well.
Although the well is filled with rain water, it is still functional and filled each winter with water running down from the gutters.
The Park.
The château is surrounded by a 14 hectare (34.5 acres) park. The park offers complete privacy, and is surrounded by stone walls (except from a small section wire netted). The park includes 10 hectares of forest with large alleys for leisurely strolls (more than two hectares of grassy area, half of which is mowed lawn). A one hectare lake and a tennis court are also located in the park. The park is accessible to modern vehicles through the small courtyard. There are also two portals located on the east and north walls.
The park includes a high density of medium to small trees with primarily large oaks (some of which will reach maturity in a few years). Those multi-century old oaks stand all across the park. according to experts, the oldest oak aged more than 300 years old. The park has been designed over the centuries to include many tree species: oaks, beeches (including the red beech alley), elms, hazel and chestnut trees.
To the north of the château is a large orchard with various fruit trees and an organic vegetable garden that is maintained all year-long. chicken coops and other small farm animals (geese, etc.) are also in this garden.
The château’s icebox, where ice brought by horses were stored under the oak trees’ coolness, can be found close to the east portal. This icebox has long been used by the château’s staff.
A legend says that the nearby château called the Château de Saint Jean de Beauregard and a monastery (now disappeared) located in the Arpajon forest were linked through a network of subterranean tunnels. Those tunnels were built to allow the owners to escape in the event of dangers. Traces of those tunnels are clearly visible in the park, but no confirmation has been given to the tunnel’s destination or length as of today.
The Domain.
Surrounding the village, the château and its park (mostly centered to the northern part of the château), the domain includes 65 hectares (160 acres) of farming fields and 105 hectares (260 acres) of forest.
Location.
The Château de Janvry is located from the center of Paris. Easily accessible by road, Janvry is located 30 minutes from the Orly airport or 15 minutes from the Toussus-le-Noble airport. A 10-minute helicopter ride will take visitors from Paris to the château.
Activities.
Today, the Château de Janvry often featured in motion picture movies, magazines and photo shoots. Also it is rented for private parties and hunting: small game (pheasants, partridges and duck) and big game (roe deer, deer, boar) hunts.

</doc>
<doc id="18364872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364872" title="Hurda, Rõuge Parish">
Hurda, Rõuge Parish

Hurda is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364877" title="Jesse Csincsak">
Jesse Csincsak

Jesse Csincsak (born April 3, 1982) is an American professional snowboarder and founder of the nonprofit organization "JSAK Snowboarding," which helps snowboarders with Olympic aspirations to raise money for training, travel and related expenses. He is also a coach at High Cascade Snowboard Camp and a snowboard instructor at Breckenridge Ski Area. 
Csincsak was the winner of the fourth season of the television reality show competition "The Bachelorette", though his relationship with DeAnna Pappas did not last. Csincsak was married on August 28, 2010 to Ann Lueders, who appeared as a contestant on the thirteenth season of "The Bachelor". The couple married in Las Vegas and hosted a post-wedding bash at the resort Rumor. The couple have a son, Noah Theodore Csincsak. He and Ann are currently expecting their second child due in March.
Snowboarding.
Csincsak is a regular stanced rider and has been competing in snowboarding since 1994.
FIS competition standings.
Federal International Rankings. These are worldwide results.

</doc>
<doc id="18364886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364886" title="Holdi">
Holdi

Holdi is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364893" title="Sydney Hawk">
Sydney Hawk

Sydney Hawk ("Austrocordulia leonardi") is a threatened dragonfly species endemic to the Southern Sydney Basin in New South Wales in Australia. It has a colour of fluorescent yellow and black that is commonly mistaken for the eastern hawk dragonfly and resides in southern New South Wales. In the early stages of life it lives in estuaries and other shallow rock pools preferably with a cool temperature. The larvae are sometimes found under rocks with the eastern hawk dragonfly.

</doc>
<doc id="18364895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364895" title="Kokõmäe">
Kokõmäe

Kokõmäe is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364906" title="Kikkaoja">
Kikkaoja

Kikkaoja is a settlement in Antsla Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364915" title="Väiku-Ruuga">
Väiku-Ruuga

Väiku-Ruuga is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364917" title="Torsten Bittermann">
Torsten Bittermann

Torsten Bittermann (born 3 February 1968) is a German football manager and former football player who played as a defender. Bittermann played for Chemnitzer FC and Dynamo Dresden.

</doc>
<doc id="18364923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364923" title="Michel Van Aerde">
Michel Van Aerde

Michel Van Aerde (Zonnegem, 2 October 1933) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer. Van Aerde became national champion in 1961, and won two stages in the Tour de France, in 1960 and 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="18364926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364926" title="Kiislova">
Kiislova

Kiislova (also Kislova, Väike-Kiislova, Väike-Kislova, Urpuse, Ruusma, Kruusmäe) is a village in Meremäe Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia. It's located beside the Russian border, but there isn't a border crossing. As of 2011 Census, the village's population was 6.

</doc>
<doc id="18364935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364935" title="Ähijärve">
Ähijärve

Ähijärve is a settlement in Antsla Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364939" title="Joe Nhlanhla">
Joe Nhlanhla

Joseph Mbuku "Joe" Nhlanhla (4 December 1936 – 2 July 2008) was an African National Congress national executive and the former South African Intelligence Minister.
Born in Sophiatown, near Johannesburg, Nhlanhla attended the Ikage Primary School in Alexandra and later matriculated from Kilnerton Training Institute. He joined the ANC's youth wing, the ANC Youth League, in 1957. He was elected onto the ANCYL's Transvaal executive a year later. In early 1964, he travelled to the Soviet Union to study, completing a Master's degree in economics in 1969. However he never worked as an economist. 
In 1969 he was appointed head of the ANC's youth and student headquarters in Tanzania, a post he served in for five years before being chosen as the organisation's chief representative in Egypt and the Middle East in 1973. In 1978, the ANC posted him to its Lusaka headquarters as national administrative secretary. In 1981 Nhlanhla became a member of the ANC national executive committee.
In 1986, he joined the organisation's intelligence directorate after serving a three-year stint as secretary to the political military council. The following year he became the ANC's intelligence chief, in which capacity, two years later, he was a member of the ANC group headed by Thabo Mbeki which made contact with South Africa's then-apartheid government.
In 1995, Nhlanhla became Deputy Minister in the Justice Ministry, responsible for intelligence affairs. 1999 Nhlanhla was appointed by President Mbeki as Minister of Intelligence.
Death.
Joe Nhlanhla, aged 71, died at the Milpark Hospital in Johannesburg, after more than one month in a comatose state. No further details of his death were made public.

</doc>
<doc id="18364942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364942" title="Synergos">
Synergos

Synergos is a non-profit organization with a mission to reduce global poverty through “inclusive partnerships” that bring together government, business, civil society and local communities.
History.
Peggy Dulany founded Synergos in 1986 and Robert H. Dunn is the organization’s President and CEO. Synergos is headquartered in New York and has regional offices in Latin America and Southern Africa.
Syngergos' Global Philanthropists Circle is an international network of philanthropists focused on global poverty.

</doc>
<doc id="18364944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364944" title="List of GreenLeft Members of the European Parliament">
List of GreenLeft Members of the European Parliament

The list a list of all Members of the European Parliament, who sit or sat in the GreenLeft delegation, as well as in the delegations of its predecessors: in 1984 the progressive Christian PPR, the communist CPN, the left-socialist PSP and the green GPN participated with a common list called the Green Progressive Accord. In 1989 the CPN, PSP and PPR participated, under the name "The Rainbow". In the same year those three parties together with the progressive Christian EVP formed the GreenLeft political party. Since 2004 GreenLeft forms a common transnational delegation with Green! from Flanders.
Between 1984 and 1994 the some of MEPs were formally required to rotate. That is the top candidate and chair sat the entire term, while the second candidate on the list (in both the 1984 and the 1989 elections the combined list won two seats) was required to give up his seat in order to make room for the third candidate on the list. This was meant to give all participating parties (CPN, PSP and PPR) an MEP for a certain period. In 1987 the PPR MEP Verbeek gave up his seat for the CPN candidate Van Dijk. In 1991 PPR MEP Verbeek refused to give up his seat, which would have been taken by the PSP-member Hontelez.
Current MEPs are bold, all chairs are in italics.

</doc>
<doc id="18364945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364945" title="WEZJ-FM">
WEZJ-FM

WEZJ-FM (104.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Williamsburg, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Whitley Broadcasting Co., Inc. and features programing from ABC Radio .
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18364946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364946" title="Daniela L. Rus">
Daniela L. Rus

Daniela L. Rus is a Romanian-born American roboticist and a Professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where she is Director of the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL), Co-Director of the CSAIL Center for Robotics, and Director of the CSAIL Distributed Robotics Lab. 
She was a recipient of the 2002 MacArthur Fellowship.
Rus received her Ph.D. at Cornell University. She was previously an assistant, associate, and professor in the Computer Science Department at Dartmouth College before moving to MIT.

</doc>
<doc id="18364950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364950" title="Riitsilla">
Riitsilla

Riitsilla is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18364957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364957" title="Five Mile House railway station">
Five Mile House railway station

Five Mile House was a railway station on the Lincolnshire Loop Line which served the village of Fiskerton in Lincolnshire between 1848 and 1964. Situated on the south bank of the River Witham, passengers on the north bank had to use a ferry to reach it. It closed two years after opening due to low traffic, but reopened fifteen years later. Withdrawal of passenger services took place in 1958, leaving the station open for anglers' excursions until 1964. The Water Rail Way footpath now runs through the site.
History.
The station was opened on 17 October 1848 on the south bank of the River Witham near the village of Fiskerton. It was constructed by Peto and Betts civil engineering contractors who, in November 1846, had agreed to construct the line including stations by 28 February 1848. It took its name from a public house near the river which served as a barge inn popular with horse-drawn packets. Two timber-built staggered platforms were provided either side of a crossing which led to a ferry across the river. Users on the north bank of the river were obliged to cross it using the ferry to reach the station, a journey which deterred many potential customers. Lack of traffic resulted in the station closing in 1850, only to reopen fifteen years later when a farmer was granted siding facilities. A footbridge replaced the ferry in 1957 when the latter closed.
Goods traffic was never heavy, and the station was mainly used for transporting potatoes, grain, hay and sugar beet. The station buildings were destroyed by fire in 1919 and were replaced by two small buildings; one was used as an office and the other as a waiting room. The July 1927 timetable saw seven up and five down services, and one Sunday service each way; destinations included , , , , and . Regular passenger services were withdrawn on 15 September 1958, but the station remained open until 6 September 1964 for anglers' specials on summer weekends from and to , and . By September 1964, only one train each way called at the station.
Present day.
The timber platforms remained intact until at least the early 1970s. The Water Rail Way footpath now runs through the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18364966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364966" title="Houlihan Smith &amp; Company">
Houlihan Smith &amp; Company

Houlihan Smith & Company is an investment banking firm that provides financial advisory and financing services to public and private businesses. Houlihan, founded in 1996, is a provider of financial opinions, merger and acquisitions advisory, financing, and other corporate advisory services. Houlihan Smith is a broker-dealer and member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). The firm is not affiliated with any financial or investment institutions and does not have referral or financial arrangements with other brokers or dealers. It is authorized to do business in 8 states CA, FL, IL, IA, MN, NV, NY, WA. Houlihan employs approximately 125 professionals with offices in Chicago, New York, and Los Angeles. In 2006, the firm also implemented an Employee Stock Ownership Plan. Houlihan Smith & Company is now closed.
History.
Houlihan Smith & Company was established in 1996 by Richard Alfred Houlihan (former chairman of Houlihan Lokey Howard & Zukin Inc.) and mergers and acquisitions advisor Andrew David Smith. The two met in the early 1990s while Mr. Smith was employed with Kemper Securities (now part of Wachovia Bank) and together they sold a software company where Mr. Houlihan was chairman. The two partners formed Houlihan Smith as a multi-service investment bank with strong underpinnings in the fields of complex business valuation and M&A deal-making.
The firm’s largest financial opinion was a solvency opinion provided to Reliant Energy, with its $12 billion financial restructuring. Since then, Houlihan Smith has performed more than 400 valuations and financial opinions each year. Houlihan and Smith each own 25-50% of the firm, while Charles Botchway owns 10-25% of the firm.
The increased pressure and scrutiny placed on boards of directors, special committees and key executives led Houlihan to offer fiduciary guidance for its clients through the Houlihan Smith Compendia Series, a compilation of case law that highlights actions and judgments where fiduciaries breached their duty of care and duty of loyalty. The Fairness Compendium and the Solvency Compendium communicate the stringent guidelines that fiduciaries must follow, including the business judgment rule, and the more prevalent Entire Fairness Standard. Under the Entire Fairness Standard, where a transaction involves a conflict of interest and has been contested by minority shareholders, directors bear the burden of proving the entire fairness of the transaction. Many directors and fiduciaries must take considerable measures to ensure that actions and judgment shift the burden of proof to shareholders. A common measure taken is the formation of an independent and disinterested special committee to oversee and negotiate the transaction process.
During the mid-2000s, Houlihan Smith extended its services into portfolio valuation, complex derivatives valuation and investment advisory for hedge funds, private equity groups and other alternative investment groups. A recent accounting pronouncement, Financial Accounting Standard No. 157 (FAS 157): Fair Value Measurements, has mandated the quarterly and annual reporting of fair value for companies and investment firms. The three-tiered fair value hierarchy is composed of the following observable inputs: Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3. Level 3 Inputs are typically hard-to-value, illiquid securities that require the use of an independent valuation advisor to opine on the value of these securities.

</doc>
<doc id="18364974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364974" title="Blind Date with Violence">
Blind Date with Violence

Blind Date with Violence is the debut album by thrash metal band The Scourger. It was released on January 4, 2006 and later re-released as an international version with bonus tracks on October 6, 2006 via Cyclone Records. Two of the album's singles landed on the national Finnish charts: "Hatehead" at #1 in July 2005, and "Maximum Intensity" at #3 the following year, climbing to #2 one week later.

</doc>
<doc id="18364977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364977" title="Hesitation Blues (album)">
Hesitation Blues (album)

Hesitation Blues is a compilation album by American folk and blues singer Dave Van Ronk, released in 1988.
The 16 songs in the compilation come from three '60s Prestige LPs — "Dave Van Ronk, Folksinger", "In the Tradition", and the original "Inside Dave Van Ronk". Most of the songs appear on the Fantasy compilation CD "Inside Dave Van Ronk".
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, critic Richie Unterberger wrote of the album "Good compilation of 16 songs from three '60s Prestige LPs... that probably represent his peak as a recording artist."

</doc>
<doc id="18364995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18364995" title="Lu Jianying">
Lu Jianying

Lu Jianying (; 1776 –19 March 1853) was the Governor-General Viceroy of Liangjiang from early 1849 until early 1853. When the Taiping Rebellion army occupied Nanjing in 19 March, Lu Jianying was killed by the Taiping army. Lu was the second to be killed (the first was the Viceroy of HuGuang in early 1853) and a few of the highest rank governors killed in action in the Qing Dynasty. When Beijing knew of Lu's death and the loss of Nanjing, they chose to impeach Lu in order to place the blame on him, saying he was incapable of commanding the battle.
Source.
Draft History of Qing
Battle of Nanjing (1853)

</doc>
<doc id="18365022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365022" title="Hot Nuts">
Hot Nuts

Hot Nuts is a second studio album released by British hard rock band Tokyo Dragons.

</doc>
<doc id="18365035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365035" title="Pierre Beuffeuil">
Pierre Beuffeuil

Pierre Beuffeuil (L'Eguillé, France, 30 October 1934) is a former French professional road bicycle racer. He won a stage of the Tour de France after the rest of the field had stopped to greet Charles de Gaulle, the president.
Tour de France.
Pierre Beuffeuil was riding the Tour de France in 1960 for the regional Centre-Midi team when news came that Charles de Gaulle, the president, would be by the route at Colombey-les-deux-Églises, where he lived. The organisers, Jacques Goddet and Félix Lévitan asked the national champion, Henry Anglade, if the riders would be willing to stop. Anglade agreed and the news was spread through the race.
Beuffeuil, however, had stopped to repair a tyre and knew nothing of the plan. He was three minutes behind the race. He reached Colombey convinced he would still be behind the race when it finished in Troyes, then found the race halted in front of him. He pressed on alone, now leading rather than following, and won the stage alone on the boulevard Jules-Guesde by 49 seconds.
"I voted for de Gaulle", he said.
Beuffeuil won the stage from Montluçon to Orléans in 1966 after a break of 204 km. He came third in the Four Days of Dunkirk in 1961 and again in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="18365060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365060" title="Judge Lopez">
Judge Lopez

Judge Lopez is a character in the epic Judge Dredd story, "The Judge Child", which originally appeared in the British science fiction anthology comic "2000 AD" issues 156–181, in 1980.
Publication history.
The character of Lopez was created by writer John Wagner under the pseudonym John Howard, and was first drawn by Brian Bolland. He was also drawn by Ron Smith and Mike McMahon, albeit in the latter's case in just one frame when he appears on a monitor screen. Later McMahon included Lopez along with the other Judges on the cover of the first volume of a three-volume reprint of the Judge Child story for Titan Books.
Fictional character biography.
Previously unseen in the comic, Lopez was assigned to assist Dredd along with Judge Hershey and pilot Judge Larter in his quest for the mysterious Judge Child. However Dredd takes an irrational dislike to Lopez for no other reason than the fact that he has a moustache. Recording entries in his log, Dredd reveals himself to be petty-minded regarding the presence of facial hair on the face of an officer of the law, contrasting being a Judge with being in a beauty contest. Claiming that Lopez is "proving difficult re moutache", Dredd's reaction is to deny him involvement in the team's investigations on the planets they visit, leaving him aboard the craft to carry out menial tasks the robots would usually perform. Hershey advises Lopez to shave off his moustache to prevent further discrimination, but Lopez naively asserts that since he is not breaking any regulations Dredd has no valid reason to single him out.
The conflict between the two Judges reaches critical point when Dredd has Lopez strapped down and makes him take a dangerous hallucinogenic drug called Oracle Spice in the name of the mission. The drug will enable the taker to learn the location of the Judge Child. Dredd refuses to take the drug itself, claiming that Lopez's personality profile shows him to be "the most unstable member of the crew - the most receptive to information from the oracle spice". A single drop has an instant effect causing Lopez's vision to be twisted seeing the other Judge's faces stretched like rubber, a moment which was also captured memorably on the front cover of 2000AD issue 172. Lopez's hallucinations include seeing his own coffin being ejected from the space-ship and himself being devoured by a gigantic toad. He also sees a moustached toad whose back is covered with gravestones which informs him that payment for the information he seeks will be Lopez's own life. Later Lopez does indeed die, prompting Hershey to cry while Dredd coldly remarks "he knew the risks and he accepted them. Try to follow his example, Hershey".
When the Judge Child proves to be corrupt and cruel rather than the supposed saviour of Mega-City One, Dredd's quest ends in failure, and Lopez's sacrifice is proved therefore to have been vain.
When his body is committed to space, Dredd writes in his log "Every Judge must be prepared to give his life for the city. When his moment came, Lopez was not found wanting. He will be remembered". Judge Lopez gave his life to a hypocritical and unsympathetic system of rule and despite Dredd's comments he has never been remembered by either the Judges or the citizens of Mega-City One for whom he gave his life. Only Dredd himself seems to have reflected on the sacrifice later: In a story published in issue 1280 (in 2002), it was revealed that Dredd kept Lopez's badge to remind him of his responsibility for Lopez's death, and that Dredd regrets not taking the fatal Oracle Spice himself.

</doc>
<doc id="18365071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365071" title="Air Transport Action Group">
Air Transport Action Group

"For one of the organisations of the World Wide Web Consortium's Web Accessibility Initiative, see Authoring Tools Accessibility Guidelines."
The Air Transport Action Group (ATAG) is a coalition of aviation industry experts focusing on sustainable development issues. Its Board of Directors is composed of senior representatives from Airbus, Airports Council International, ATR, Boeing, Bombardier Aerospace, Civil Air Navigation Services Organisation, CFM International, Embraer, Honeywell Aerospace, International Air Transport Association, Pratt & Whitney, Rolls-Royce plc and Safran, as well as Airlines for America and Association of Asia Pacific Airlines.

</doc>
<doc id="18365077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365077" title="Kingthorpe railway station">
Kingthorpe railway station

Kingthorpe railway station was a station in Kingthorpe, Lincolnshire which closed to passengers in 1951.
The station was on the Louth to Bardney Branch Line and opened on 9 November 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="18365083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365083" title="John J. Leonard">
John J. Leonard

John J. Leonard is an American roboticist and Professor of Mechanical and Ocean Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. A member of the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL), Leonard is a renowned researcher in simultaneous localization and mapping, and was the team lead for MIT's 2007 DARPA Urban Challenge Team, one of the six teams to cross the finish line in the final event, placing fourth overall.
Leonard received his B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania in 1987 and his Ph.D. in Engineering Science from the University of Oxford in 1994, under the Thouron Award. He spent five years as a postdoctoral fellow and Research Scientist in the MIT Sea Grant Autonomous Underwater Vehicle (AUV) Laboratory, and joined the MIT faculty in 1996. 
Leonard has served as an associate editor of the IEEE Journal of Oceanic Engineering and of the IEEE Transactions on Robotics and Automation. He received the National Science Foundation Career Award in 1998, an E.T.S. Walton Visitor Award from Science Foundation Ireland in 2004, and the King-Sun Fu Memorial Best IEEE Transactions on Robotics Paper Award in 2006.
Leonard describes his primary research goal as persistent autonomy, i.e., the "capability for one or more robots to operate robustly for days, weeks and months at a time with minimal human supervision, in complex, dynamic environments". Leonard focuses on the problem of simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM), particularly for autonomous underwater vehicles (AUV).

</doc>
<doc id="18365089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365089" title="Thomas W. Costello">
Thomas W. Costello

Thomas W. Costello (born July 8, 1945) is a politician from the U.S. state of Vermont. He served in the Vermont House of Representatives from 1976 to 1980, and from 1994 to 2000.
Early life and education.
Thomas Costello, the son of Bartley and Catherine Costello, was born in Rutland, Vermont, where he grew up. He graduated from Mount St. Joseph High School in 1963. He graduated from Saint Michael's College in Burlington in 1968; he went on to earn his law degree from Boston University Law School in 1974. He has four brothers, including Admiral Barry M. Costello.
Military service.
From 1968 through 1971, Costello was an officer (First Lieutenant) in the United States Marine Corps and served in the Vietnam War. He was in combat and received a Bronze Star with a Combat V for valor and a Purple Heart. Costello served in the period between his graduation from Saint Michael's and his enrollment at Boston University Law School.
Legal career.
Costello has practiced law since he graduated law school. He practiced at Webber & Costello in Rutland from 1974 until 1980, when he moved to Brattleboro. From 1980 to 1983 he practiced with Elliot Barber at Barber & Costello. He then started his own firm, Costello Law Offices, where he practices to this day. He served on the Vermont Advisory Committee of Civil Rules from 1988 until 1991 and on the Special Committee on Judicial Retention and Confirmation in 1990. He later served on Vermont's Judicial Nominating Committee from 1998-2002. He served on the Vermont Trial Lawyers Association Board of Governors from 1990-97.
Political career.
Costello was a representative in the Vermont House of Representatives for Rutland City from 1976 to 1980, when he moved to Brattleboro, Vermont. He served three additional terms in the legislature from 1994 through 2000, representing the Town of Brattleboro. During his five terms in the House, Costello was the Chair of the Judiciary Committee (from 1994 though 1998) and Chair of the Committee on General, Housing & Military affairs (from 1999 through 2000).
2008 Election.
On September 9, 2008 Costello faced off against Nate Freeman, a local businessman in the primary. Amid a low turnout Costello won with 61% of the vote but lost to incumbent Republican Brian Dubie in the general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18365100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365100" title="Kristian Ottosen">
Kristian Ottosen

Kristian Ottosen (15 January 1921, Solund – 1 June 2006, Oslo) was a Norwegian non-fiction writer and public servant.
While still a student, he was also active in the Norwegian resistance movement during World War II and was imprisoned as a Nacht und Nebel inmate. He was imprisoned in Veiten from June to July 1942, then in Bergen from July to September, then in Grini concentration camp from September to December. From December 1942 to June 1944 he was in Sachsenhausen concentration camp, then until September 1944 in Natzweiler-Struthof. He was then in Dachau concentration camp for three days, and Ottobrunn for one day. He was lastly in Dautmergen from September to November 1944 and Vaihingen until the war's end.
After the war, he finished his studies at the University of Bergen, where he became the leader of the Det Norske Studentersamfund first in Bergen, and then as a full-time employee at the University of Oslo. He was the manager of the Foundation for Student Life in Oslo from 1950 to 1979. He led the commission that recommended the founding of regional university colleges throughout Norway and for establishment of the Norwegian State Educational Loan Fund. He also chaired the board of NRK from 1972 to 1979, and Nationaltheatret from 1981 to 1989.
After he retired, Ottosen wrote a series of historical accounts from World War II. These included memoirs from his work in the Norwegian resistance as well as thorough historical surveys of Norwegians who were arrested and detained by Nazi authorities during the war. For this work he was honored with the Fritt Ord Honorary Award in 2004, was made commander in the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav, and named honorary member of the Norwegian Labour Party.
Ottosen's works include:

</doc>
<doc id="18365104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365104" title="WFGS">
WFGS

WFGS-FM (103.7 FM, "Froggy 103.7") is a radio station located in Murray, Kentucky (licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), owned by Forever Communications. The station airs a country music format. Froggy 103.7 is one of the most listened to radio stations in Western Kentucky and Northwest Tennessee for country music. 
Like most other Froggy (brand) radio stations their on-air names are "Frog Name" with the current line-up consisting of:
In September 2007 the call letters of WFGE were taken from Froggy 103.7 to give to another start-up Froggy station, giving the Murray, Kentucky Froggy the new call letters of WFGS-FM. No format changes came with the call letter change.
Events.
Froggy 103.7 (along with sister stations WNBS-AM and WOFC-AM) hold different events through the year, and this is a list of some of them.
Syndication.
Froggy 103.7 airs CMT Country Countdown USA featuring Lon Helton. Other syndicated shows include Lia.
Sports.
Froggy 103.7 is the home to the Murray State University Racers football and basketball, and are also only the second 100,000 watt affiliate for Tennessee Titans football. All home and away games for these teams can be heard on Froggy 103.7. Beginning in the fall of 2008 the station also started airing the “Cross Town Classic” between Murray High School and Calloway County High School. 
In 2008 the station became even more involved in the local communities by launching Froggyland Sports. The site offers an in depth look at high school sports in much of the broadcast air, known as “Froggyland”. Froggyland Sports is updated by Travis Turner who hosts his sports talk show on brother station WOFC-AM ESPN The Office. WFGS, WNBS, & WOFC all act as the "voice" of Murray High School Sports and Calloway County Basketball. Games are aired on all three stations as well as on the internet at Froggylandsports.Com.
History.
The station went on the air as WAAW in 1977, owned by Murray Broadcasting Company. Its format was album oriented rock. In 1988, the station was sold to Jackson Purchase Broadcasting, which changed the call to WBLN ("The Blend") and made the format adult contemporary. After being sold to Forever Communications, 103.7 became a country station with the call sign WFGE on 1997-03-17. In July 2008, the owner elected to move the Murray station's call sign to another station with the Froggy branding based in Pennsylvania. The old WFGE then became WFGS.

</doc>
<doc id="18365116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365116" title="Robert Heiße">
Robert Heiße

Robert Heiße born 18 July 1983 in Dresden, Germany is a footballer who plays for Radebeuler BC. He previously played for FV Dresden 06 and Dynamo Dresden.

</doc>
<doc id="18365125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365125" title="Wragby railway station">
Wragby railway station

Wragby railway station was a station in Wragby, Lincolnshire. The station opened in 1874 and finally closed in 1960, although the passenger service from Bardney to Louth was withdrawn in 1951. The station building remains standing adjacent to the A158 road on the outskirts of the village, and has been converted into a private residence.

</doc>
<doc id="18365174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365174" title="East Barkwith railway station">
East Barkwith railway station

East Barkwith railway station was a station in East Barkwith, Lincolnshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18365179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365179" title="Oran Hurling (Uarain) GAA">
Oran Hurling (Uarain) GAA

Oran Hurling (Uarain) is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the parishes of Oran in mid County Roscommon, Ireland. They play in Green and Yellow colours and their home pitch is Rockfield.
The club fields underage teams from U-12 to U-21 as well as Senior and Junior teams.
Brief history.
The club was founded by Micheal Kelly N.T. and Gerry Mahon N.T.
1987-1992.
5 Roscommon Senior Hurling Championship finals and 3 victories
1998-2003.
3 finals and 1 victory
2004.
Won the county final for the fifth time
Sponsorship.
Sean & Geraldine Kenny, of "Kenny's Rockfield Inn" have renewed their sponsorship of the senior team for 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18365210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365210" title="South Willingham and Hainton railway station">
South Willingham and Hainton railway station

South Willingham and Hainton railway station was a station in South Willingham, Lincolnshire.
History.
The Great Northern Railway planned and built a branch line from to in stages, the middle stage between and on 27 September 1875.
The Louth and Lincoln Railway, which connected with was authorised on 6 August 1866 and opened on 1 December 1876. It was absorbed by the Great Northern Railway in 1882. One of the stations opened with the line was "South Willingham"; one month later, on 1 January 1877 it was renamed "South Willingham and Hainton".
Passenger services ended on 5 November 1951, goods traffic on 1 December 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="18365226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365226" title="Emelgem">
Emelgem

Emelgem is a village in the Belgian province of West-Flanders and a part (deelgemeente) of the municipality Izegem. Emelgem was an independent municipality until 1964. On that moment Emelgem had an area from 5,44 km² and was counting 5049 inhabitants.
Emelgem is located close to the river the Mandel and to the canal Roeselare-Leie.
History.
Even in antiquity Emelgem was inhabited, witness hereby are the prehistoric findings such as buildings and fire stones. Further, there also were Roman and Frankish findings.
Emelgem was for a long time an agricultural village. Lots of inhabitants worked in the shoe and brush industry in the nearby city of Izegem. After the Second World War the village developed into a residential town and grew slowly with Izegem. On 1 January 1965 Emelgem was added administratively to Izegem.

</doc>
<doc id="18365236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365236" title="McLaughlin group (mathematics)">
McLaughlin group (mathematics)

In the mathematical group theory, the McLaughlin group McL is a sporadic simple group of order 27 · 36 · 53· 7 · 11 = 898,128,000, discovered by as an index 2 subgroup of a rank 3 permutation group acting on the McLaughlin graph with 275 =1+112+162 vertices. It fixes a 2-2-3 triangle in the Leech lattice so is a subgroup of the Conway groups.
Its Schur multiplier has order 3, and its outer automorphism group has order 2. The group 3.McL.2 is a maximal subgroup of the Lyons group.
McL has one conjugacy class of involution (element of order 2), whose centralizer is a maximal subgroup of type 2.A8. This has a center of order 2; the quotient modulo the center is isomorphic to the alternating group A8.
Representations.
In the Conway group Co3, McL has the normalizer McL:2, which is maximal in Co3.
McL is the only sporadic group to admit irreducible representations of quaternionic type. It has 2 such representations, one of dimension 3520 and one of dimension 4752.
Generalized Monstrous Moonshine.
Conway and Norton suggested in their 1979 paper that monstrous moonshine is not limited to the monster. Larissa Queen and others subsequently found that one can construct the expansions of many Hauptmoduln from simple combinations of dimensions of sporadic groups. For the Conway groups, the relevant McKay-Thompson series is formula_1 and formula_2.
Let formula_3 = 1, 23, 253, 253, 275, 896, 896, 1771, 2024...() and formula_4 = 1, 22, 231, 252, 770, 770, 896, 896...() be the degrees of irreducible representations of "Co"3 and "McL", respectively. Then,
which implies there is moonshine between "McL" and the relevant McKay-Thompson series as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18365243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365243" title="St. Paul's Episcopal Church (Brooklyn, New York)">
St. Paul's Episcopal Church (Brooklyn, New York)

__notoc__
St. Paul's Episcopal Church of Brooklyn at 423 Clinton Street at Carroll Street in the Carroll Gardens neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City was built from 1867 to 1884 and was designed by Richard Upjohn & Son in the High Victorian Gothic style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
The parish is part of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America in the Episcopal Diocese of Long Island, part of the worldwide Anglican Communion, in the Anglo-Catholic tradition.
Parish history.
St. Paul's was founded on Christmas Day of 1849, in South Brooklyn, then the quickly developing southward expansion of old Brooklyn Heights. New homes and businesses were covering old countryside, farmland, and shoreline; industrialization was bringing a new way of life to the City of Brooklyn, waves of immigrants from the nations of the world were arriving and the American Civil War was looming. This was also the era when the Anglican Communion of Churches was experiencing a renewed vision of their catholic faith and order often called the "Anglo-Catholic Revival" of the Oxford Movement. Saint Paul's was formed in heady days of philosophical, social, economic, and religious change. 
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18365250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365250" title="Artem Laguta">
Artem Laguta

Artem Laguta (born November 13, 1990) is a Russian motorcycle speedway rider and member of the Russia national team.
His brother Grigory (b. 1984) is speedway rider also.
He will ride in the Speedway Grand Prix 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18365251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365251" title="Donington on Bain railway station">
Donington on Bain railway station

Donington railway station was a station in the village of Donington on Bain, Lincolnshire, England.
History.
The Great Northern Railway planned and built a branch line from to in stages, the middle stage between and Donington-on-Bain opening on 27 September 1875.
Passenger services ended on 5 November 1951, goods traffic on 1 December 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="18365276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365276" title="Leslie P. Kaelbling">
Leslie P. Kaelbling

Leslie Pack Kaelbling is an American roboticist, a professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She was a graduate of Stanford University (Ph.D., 1990) and a student of Nils J. Nilsson. Her research focuses on decision-making under uncertainty, machine learning, and sensing with applications to robotics.
She is the founder and editor-in-chief of the "Journal of Machine Learning Research". In 2000, she was elected as a Fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence.
Awards and Recognition.
On March 16, 2012, Kaelbling was selected as an MIT MacVicar Fellow for her dedication to undergraduate teaching. As a recipient of this prestigious award, Kaelbling will receive a $10,000 annual stipend for the duration of the 10-year fellowship.

</doc>
<doc id="18365301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365301" title="Anatole Novak">
Anatole Novak

Anatole Novak (born 12 February 1937 in La Mure) was a French professional road bicycle racer. Novak won a stage in the 1961 Tour de France, and was the Lanterne rouge (last finishing cyclist) in the 1964 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18365305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365305" title="War of the Portuguese Succession">
War of the Portuguese Succession

The War of the Portuguese Succession was fought from 1580 to 1583 between the two main claimants to the Portuguese throne: António, Prior of Crato, proclaimed in several towns as King of Portugal, and Philip II of Spain, who eventually succeeded in claiming the crown, reigning as Philip I of Portugal.
The Cardinal-King.
The Cardinal Henry, great-uncle of Sebastian I of Portugal, became ruler in the immediate wake of Sebastian's death. Henry had served as regent for Sebastian after 1557, and succeeded him as King after the disastrous Battle of Alcácer Quibir in 1578. Henry renounced his clerical offices and sought to take a bride for the continuation of the Aviz dynasty, but Pope Gregory XIII, affiliated with the Habsburgs, did not release him from his vows. The Cardinal-King died two years later, without having appointed a Council of Regency to choose a successor.
Claimants to the throne.
Portuguese nobility was worried about the maintenance of their independence and sought help to find a new King. By this time the Portuguese throne was disputed by several claimants; among them were Catherine, Duchess of Braganza (1540–1614), her nephew Ranuccio I Farnese, Duke of Parma, Philip II of Spain and António, Prior of Crato. The Duchess was later acknowledged by the Habsburgs as the legitimate heir, after her descendants obtained the throne in 1640 (in the person of John IV of Portugal), but at that time, she was only one of several possible heirs. According to the feudal custom, her late older sister's son Rainuccio, an Italian, was the closest heir, then the Duchess herself, and only after them, King Philip. Philip II of Spain was a foreigner (although his mother was Portuguese) and descended from Manuel I by a female line; as for António, although he was Manuel I's grandson in the male line, he was an illegitimate grandson.
Ranuccio Farnese (1569–1622), the hereditary Duke of Parma and Piacenza, was the son of the late elder daughter of Duarte of Portugal, Duke of Guimarães, the only son of Manuel I whose legitimate descendants survived at that time, Ranuccio was according to the feudal custom the first heir to the throne of Portugal. He was the son of Don Alexander Farnese, Duke of Parma and Piacenza and of Maria of Portugal. His great-uncle Henry I of Portugal's death triggered the struggle for the throne of Portugal when Ranuccio was 11 years old. However, his father was an ally and even a subject of the Spanish King, another contender, so Ranuccio's rights were not very forcibly claimed at that time. Ranuccio became reigning Duke of Parma in 1592.
Instead, Ranuccio's mother's younger sister Catherine, Duchess of Braganza, claimed the throne, very ambitiously, but failed. Catherine, Duchess of Braganza was married to Duke John I of Braganza (descendant in male line from Afonso, 1st Duke of Braganza, an illegitimate son of John I of Portugal), who himself was grandson of the late Duke James of Braganza, also a legitimate heir of Portugal, being the son of infanta Isabella of Portugal, sister of Manuel I and daughter of infante Ferdinand, Duke of Viseu, second son of King Duarte I. The Duchess also had a son, Dom Teodósio of Braganza, who would be her royal heir and successor to the throne. The Duchess's claim was relatively strong, as it was reinforced by her husband's position as one of the legitimate heirs; thus they would both be entitled to hold the Kingship. Moreover, the Duchess was living in Portugal, not abroad, and was not underage, but 40 years old. Her weaknesses were her gender (Portugal had not had a generally recognized reigning queen) and her being the second daughter, there thus existed a genealogically senior claimant.
According to the old feudal custom, the line of succession of the Portuguese throne would have been:
Succession.
Both António and Philip were the grandchildren of King Manuel I of Portugal :
War.
On July 24, 1580, António proclaimed himself as King of Portugal and of the Algarves, in Santarém, which was followed by popular acclamation in several locations of the country. However, he governed in Continental Portugal for only 33 days, culminating in his defeat at the Battle of Alcântara by the Spanish armies led by Fernando Álvarez de Toledo, Duke of Alba on August 25. The Battle ended in a decisive victory for the Spanish Habsburgs, both on land and sea. Two days later, the Duke of Alba captured Lisbon.
In early 1581, António fled to France and, as Philip’s armies had not yet occupied the Azores, he sailed there with a number of French adventurers under Filippo Strozzi, a Florentine exile in the service of France, but was utterly defeated at sea by a combined Spanish-Portuguese navy commanded by Don Álvaro de Bazán, 1st Marquis of Santa Cruz at the Battle of Ponta Delgada off Terceira Island on July 26, 1582 and off São Miguel Island on July 27, 1582.
António still accompanied an English Expedition, under the command of Sir Francis Drake and Sir John Norreys, to the coasts of Spain and Portugal but the Expedition failed and António's attempt to rule Portugal from Terceira Island, in the Azores (where he even minted coins) came to an end in 1583.
Consequences.
The combined Spanish-Portuguese navy's victory resulted in the rapid Spanish conquest of the Azores, completing the union of the Portuguese and Spanish empires. The King Philip II of Spain was recognized as King Philip I of Portugal and of the Algarves by the Portuguese Cortes of Tomar (1581). Spain and Portugal would remain united in a personal union of the crowns (remaining formally independent and with autonomous administrations) for the next 60 years, until 1640. This period is called the Iberian Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18365307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365307" title="Withcall railway station">
Withcall railway station

Withcall railway station was a station in Withcall, Lincolnshire, England.
History.
The Great Northern Railway planned and built a branch line from to in stages, the final stage between and Louth opening to goods on 28 June 1876 and passengers on 1 December 1876. Withcall railway station was the second station west of Louth on this line.
Passenger services ended on 5 November 1951, goods traffic on 17 December 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="18365308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365308" title="Inside Dave Van Ronk (compilation)">
Inside Dave Van Ronk (compilation)

Inside Dave Van Ronk is a compilation album by American folk and blues singer Dave Van Ronk, originally released in 1972 on a double LP called "Van Ronk". It has subsequently been reissued on CD, the first reissue in 1989.
The songs in the compilation consist of the '60s Prestige albums "Dave Van Ronk, Folksinger" and "Inside Dave Van Ronk" in their entirety.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, critic Richie Unterberger wrote of the album "... this is certainly Van Ronk's most enduring work, and indeed one of the few relics of the early-'60s traditional folk boom that holds up well today... One of the few white folkies who could sing acoustic blues without embarrassment, Van Ronk was also an accomplished acoustic guitar picker; instrumentally and vocally, he brought an intensity to his covers that made the songs his own."

</doc>
<doc id="18365316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365316" title="Hallington railway station">
Hallington railway station

Hallington railway station was a station in Hallington, Lincolnshire.
History.
The Great Northern Railway planned and built a branch line from to in stages, the final stage between and Louth opening to goods on 28 June 1876 and passengers on 1 December 1876. Hallington railway station was the first station west of Louth on this line.
Passenger services ended on 5 November 1951, goods traffic on 17 December 1956.
The station buildings still stand and are now a private dwelling.

</doc>
<doc id="18365320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365320" title="Plaça Reial">
Plaça Reial

Plaça Reial (In Spanish "Plaza Real", meaning "Royal Plaza") is a square in the Barri Gòtic of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. It lies next to La Rambla and constitutes a well-known touristic attraction, especially at night. On the plaza are a large number of restaurants and some of the city's most famous nightclubs including Sidecar, Jamboree or Karma. It is also known for its many outdoor venues and is a popular meeting place during the summer and the annual La Mercè festival in September, when open air concerts take place, and during other celebrations such as New Year's Eve, often being very crowded. 
The Plaça Reial was designed by Francesc Daniel Molina i Casamajó in the 19th century. The square is twinned with Plaza Garibaldi, in Mexico City. The lanterns there were designed by the Catalan architect Antoni Gaudí. The square is the site of the Hotel Roma Reial and club.

</doc>
<doc id="18365328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365328" title="Episcopal Palace of Porto">
Episcopal Palace of Porto

The Episcopal Palace of Porto () is the former residence of the bishops of Porto, in Portugal. The palace is located on a high elevation, near Porto Cathedral, and dominates the skyline of the city. It is part of the historical centre of Porto, designated World Heritage Site by UNESCO. 
The palace is an important example of late baroque and rococo civil architecture in the city. 
History.
The original Episcopal Palace of Porto was built in the 12th or 13th century, as attested by some architectural vestiges like romanesque-style windows that exist inside the present building. In 1387, this mediaeval palace witnessed the marriage of John I of Portugal and Philippa of Lancaster. 
During the 16th and 17th centuries the palace was greatly enlarged, and an old drawing shows it to be composed of a series of buildings with towers, as was typical for the architecture of Portuguese manor houses of the period. The present palace, however, is the result of a radical rebuilding campaign carried out in the 18th century, which turned it into a baroque work.
It is believed that the project for the Bishop's Palace was drawn in 1734 by the Italian Nicolau Nasoni, an architect with an extense work in Porto and surroundings. Building work started in 1737, under the direction of architect Miguel Francisco da Silva, and proceeded slowly. Due to financial constraints, the original project could never be completed and had to be reduced in scale. The works were only finished in the last decades of the 18th century, under the rule of Bishop Rafael de Mendonça, whose coat-of-arms is located on the main portal and the inner monumental staircase of the palace.
The building was used as residence for the bishops of the city until the 19th century. During the Siege of Porto of 1832, the bishop fled the city and the palace was used by Peter IV's troops as stronghold in the battle against Miguel I. Much later, between 1916 and 1956, when the bishops no longer inhabited the palace, the palace served as seat of the Municipality of Porto. 
Description.
The Episcopal Palace is of rectangular shape with a courtyard in the middle. The main façade is painted white with three rows of windows and a central portal in dark granite. The frames of the higher row of windows come in different rococo frames. The main portal has a balcony topped by the coat-of-arms of Bishop Rafael de Mendonça, who saw the completion of the building.
Upon entering the palace, the visitor goes through a long vestible that leads to the stairway, which is the highlight of the interior. The monumental stairway, attributed to Nasoni, is composed of a first flight of steps followed by a U-shaped stair. The stairway leads to a baroque portal again with the coat-of-arms of Bishop Mendonça. The whole room is harmoniously decorated with wall paintings and stucco executed between the 18th and the 19th centuries in neoclassical style. In the same century a glass dome was added that provides abundant light to the interior. Other rooms of the palace have less artistic relevance.

</doc>
<doc id="18365344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365344" title="Pleidae">
Pleidae

Pleidae, the pygmy backswimmers, is a family of aquatic insects in the order Hemiptera (infraorder Nepomorpha, or "true water bugs"). There are 37 species in three genera, distributed across most of the world, except the polar regions and remote oceanic islands.
Pleidae belong to the Tripartita which contains the more advanced lineages of true water bugs, and are closely related to the true backswimmers (Notonectidae), but closer still to the Helotrephidae, another family of tiny Nepomorpha, which usually swim upside-down and, like the Pleidae, have a sensory organ in the center of the clypeus. Either the pygmy backswimmers are united with the Helotrephidae in the superfamily Pleoidea, or these two and the true backswimmers are placed in a single superfamily Notonectoidea.
Distribution.
In Europe there is a single species, "Plea minutissima", widely found in that continent. "Plea" species occur in the Old World, while "Neoplea" is found in the Americas. "Paraplea" can be found in all warmer parts of Earth, including Australia, where three species occur. Given their inability to fly well – if they can fly at all –, it is not surprising that the Pleidae do not have as many endemic island taxa as some other Heteroptera (true bugs). Only five species are known from the entire Malesian archipelago for example. "Neoplea apopkana" has been introduced to the Hawaiian Islands in Polynesia. One species, originally native to South Asia and Southeast Asia, was found in aquaria in New Zealand. In 2006, "Paraplea puella" was found to be introduced to Guam in Micronesia. Like in the preceding case, this originally American species was probably accidentally introduced with aquarium plants.
Description.
These tiny Hemiptera are only 2–3 mm long and usually of a light brownish color overall. Their body is oval, plump, with a concave back. Their compound eyes are large and the ocelli vestigial, like in other Nepomorpha. Also characteristic for the infraorder are the short and weak antennae which are usually carried tucked to the head. In the case of the Pleidae the antennae are shorter than the head is long and only consist of three segments.
The scutellum is small and triangular. The wings are reduced in some fully flightless species, but normally developed in most; due to their compact, rotund bodies and generally short wings, even those with well-developed wings fly weakly at best. By and large the Pleidae may be considered an effectively flightless group when it comes to biogeography and dispersal into new habitat.
The tarsi consist of two or three segmnents; two claws are borne on the last tarsal segment of the hindlegs. Though the hindlegs are hairless and appear ill-suited for swimming compared to the stout "flippers" of the water boatmen (Corixidae) or the backswimmers (Notonectidae), the small size of the pygmy backswimmers makes for different physics and allows them to swim well regardless.
Both sexes are able to stridulate. The sounds they produce apparently have an intraspecific communication function, as the animals are able to perceive and react to them. Possibly they make sounds to maintain contact among the loose swarms in which the Pleidae roam their habitat.
The larvae have glands between the third and fourth abdominal tergite. Development is direct, without a pupal stage.
Ecology.
Pygmy backswimmers inhabit lacustrine ecosystems, where they occur in loose groups. Like many of their relatives, they are predatory, hunting other tiny invertebrates, from which they suck out the body fluids with their rostrum. They can to some extent biologically control mosquito larvae. Unlike true backswimmers (Notonectidae), they are completely harmless to humans, as their rostrum is far too small to pierce skin.
Their hindleg claws enable them to clamber through vegetation which apart from swimming is their main form of locomotion. Like Notonectidae, they are in an upside-down position when swimming. This is ultimately because as all true water bugs, Pleidae are air-breathers without gills. Similar to the true backswimmers, pygmy backswimmers carry an air reserve with them which is periodically replenished by a dash to the water's surface. This air is contained in a felt-like cushion on the underside. Thus, the belly has higher buoyancy, resulting in the animal turning upside down as soon as it lets loose from the substrate.

</doc>
<doc id="18365348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365348" title="Kergatsi">
Kergatsi

Kergatsi is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365362" title="Jeedasküla">
Jeedasküla

Jeedasküla is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365365" title="Dark Invitation to Armageddon">
Dark Invitation to Armageddon

Dark Invitation to Armageddon is the second album by thrash metal band The Scourger. It was released on January 30, 2008 and later re-released as an international version with bonus tracks on March 14, 2008 via Cyclone Records. The album's first single, "Never Bury the Hatchet", landed on the national Finnish charts at #9 in July 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18365396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365396" title="Lutsu, Valga County">
Lutsu, Valga County

Lutsu is a settlement in Taheva Parish, Valga County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365397" title="Seacroft railway station">
Seacroft railway station

Seacroft railway station was a station in Seacroft, Lincolnshire. The line it was on, between Boston and Skegness is still open, but the station was shut due to poor use - the station being located slightly outside the village.
The station was opened on 28 July 1873 and originally called Cow Bank, but was renamed to Seacroft on 1 October 1900. Passenger services were withdrawn 7 December 1953 and the station was closed to goods on 27 April 1964.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18365403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365403" title="Wildland fire emission">
Wildland fire emission

Wildland fire and wildland fire atmospheric emissions have been a part of the global biosphere for millennia. The major wildland fire emissions include greenhouse gasses and several criteria pollutants that impact human health and welfare.:
Compared to the preindustrial era, wildland land fire in the conterminous U.S. has been reduced 90 percent with proportional reductions in wildland fire emissions. Land use changes (agriculture and urbanization) are responsible for roughly 50 percent of this decrease, and land management decisions (land fragmentation, suppression actions, etc.) are responsible for the remainder. Anthropogenic activities (e.g., industrial production, transportation, agriculture, etc.) today have more than replaced the lost preindustrial wildland fire atmospheric emissions.
The following charts compare preindustrial wildland fire emissions with contemporary emissions.

</doc>
<doc id="18365406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365406" title="Vana-Saaluse">
Vana-Saaluse

Vana-Saaluse is a village in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.
Interior architect, designer and pedagogue Vello Asi ("Vello Ergav", born 1927) was born in Vana-Saaluse.

</doc>
<doc id="18365413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365413" title="Kaugu">
Kaugu

Kaugu is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365419" title="Sebastião Fernandes da Costa">
Sebastião Fernandes da Costa

Sebastião Fernandes da Costa (Seia, Santa Marinha, December 17, 1842 – August 27, 1889) was a Portuguese lawyer and politician.
His parents were Manuel da Costa (b. Seia, Santa Marinha, – c. 1887), a small landowner who was remembered by his grandson as carrying his hoe at the end of the day, and wife Clara de Jesus (b. in Oliveira do Hospital, Lagares, –).
He was a Bachelor graduated in Law by the University of Coimbra and became a lawyer. He became the Conservator of the Predial Registration and Mayor of Seia, and also Judge of the Brotherhood of the Holy Sacrament of Seia.
He had three children who were exposed at birth at the wheel of the Santa Casa da Misericórdia (Holy House of Mercy) of Seia and registered as children of unknown parents. Their mother was Ana Augusta Pereira (Oliveira do Hospital, Lagos da Beira, February 10, 1838 – Lisbon, Rua Duque de Palmela, at her son Afonso's home, May 23, 1915), daughter of Tiago Ferrão (Oliveira do Hospital, Meruge, Nogueirinha, August 1, 1804 – died a victim as a consequence of the persecutions of the malefactor João Brandão) and wife Maria Pereira (Oliveira do Hospital, Lagos da Beira, September 1, 1809 –), a widow woman weaver at Gouveia precouciously blind. Later he and their mother recognized them and they married at Seia, Seia on April 13, 1885. Their children were: 

</doc>
<doc id="18365422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365422" title="Basti (Hatha Yoga)">
Basti (Hatha Yoga)

Basti is an important part of Shatkarma (sometimes known as Shatkriya), the yogic system of body cleansing techniques. It is intended mainly to the cleaning of the lower abdomen, especially the colon. Both the Hatha Yoga Pradipika and other sources usually attribute to it many beneficial effects. There are basically two techniques to perform Basti:

</doc>
<doc id="18365423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365423" title="Viirapalu">
Viirapalu

Viirapalu is a settlement in Antsla Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365429" title="Chris Myers (New Jersey)">
Chris Myers (New Jersey)

Chris Myers (born December 2, 1965) is an American business executive and politician, ex-Mayor in Medford, New Jersey<see Medford Township Website>. He was the unsuccessful Republican nominee for New Jersey's 3rd congressional district, a seat which was open due to the retirement of incumbent Jim Saxton, in 2008.
Biography.
Myers was raised in Medford Township in southern New Jersey, where he attended public schools and graduated from Shawnee High School. He graduated from the University of Colorado at Boulder with a Bachelor's degree in political science and subsequently earned a Master’s degree in public administration from Cornell University.
Military experience.
Myers, a decorated combat veteran of the Persian Gulf War, served as the Combat Information Center (CIC) officer, anti-air warfare officer, and operations officer on the Navy’s first forward deployed Aegis-equipped cruiser, USS "Bunker Hill". In this position, Chris directed the actions of four aircraft carriers and hundreds of land and sea-based aircraft, as well as missile ships from U.S. and allied nations. After leaving USS "Bunker Hill", he served as the joint air defense officer for the combined U.S. and NATO Staff of Commander, Second Fleet and Commander Striking Fleet Atlantic aboard the flagship USS "Mount Whitney". In this capacity, Myers designed and coordinated Air Defense and Tomahawk plans for exercise and real world operations. His military decorations include: a Meritorious Service Medal, Joint Service Commendation Medal, Joint Service Achievement Medal, Navy Commendation Medal (with Combat V), several Navy Achievement Medals, Combat Action Ribbon and Liberation of Kuwait Medal.
Professional career.
Upon leaving the Navy, Myers joined Lockheed Martin and became a program manager in the Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD) Program Office at NE&SS-Surface Systems. He led the High Range Resolution Program, which consisted of a series of radar enhancements and at-sea tests to support Navy BMD efforts. He was promoted to "Director, Missile Defense and Radar Programs," overseeing Lockheed Martin’s radar business and role in BMD domestically and internationally.
Ultimately, he was promoted to "Vice President, Business Development." In this capacity, he is responsible for new business acquisition, technology research and development for MS2. Myers has also been "Vice President, Advanced Programs," and "Vice President, Sea-based Missile Defense." Myers was released from his duties at lockheed martin after a sex scandle with a gay prostitute was uncoverd, and is currently spearheading the solar energy projects with his company Global Resource Advisors LLC. 
Political career.
Myers was elected to a four-year term on the Medford Township Council in 2001, and he was re-elected in 2005. After each election, the Township Council selects a mayor and deputy mayor from its members. Myers was selected as mayor in 2003, 2008. and 2011. As councilman and mayor, Myers' chief goals have been stabilization of property taxes and preservation of open space. Myers won re-election in November 2009, along with fellow council members Joe Lynn and Dave Brown.
Positions on issues.
Myers calls himself a "Jim Saxton Republican", "a conservative on taxes and spending, a supporter of the environment and a friend of working men and women." 
Myers is a vocal opponent the Affordable Housing Mandate bill in New Jersey. Myers opposes the bill as a result of its inclusion of a section that creates government imposition of fees on non-residential development in order to build an affordable housing fund. He argues that this concept will be bad for taxpayers and will also destroy the preservation of environmental open space 
Myers is pro-life.
Myers supports expanding child health coverage through SCHIP. He had been an outspoken critic against President George W. Bush's veto of the expansion of SCHIP in 2008.
2008 Congressional campaign.
Myers announced his bid for Congress in January 2008, receiving the endorsement and support of the retiring incumbent Jim Saxton.
Primary.
Other candidates for the Republican nomination included Ocean County Freeholder John P. Kelly and former Tabernacle Township Committeeman Justin Murphy. The campaign in the Republican primary included disputes over taxes. Myers criticized Kelly for having voted to raise Ocean County's spending and taxes. Kelly responded that Myers's attack was hypocritical in light of the 50% increase in Medford's spending during Myers's term on the township's committee. Kelly also charged that Myers's lobbying for the defense industry created a conflict of interest.
Myers won the primary with 49% of the vote to Kelly’s 26% and Murphy’s 25%.
Kelly endorsed Myers after the primary, offering his "full support" and any help he could give.
General election.
Myers' Democratic opponent is State Senator John Adler, who ran unopposed for his party's nomination. The only independent candidate in the race is Edward Forchion, who will be running under the "Legalize Marijuana (G.R.I.P.)" Party slogan.
Much of Myers' campaign has focused on painting himself as a Washington and Trenton outsider and portraying his opponent as a career Trenton politician who favors higher taxes and more government spending. 
On July 2, Myers announced he would be taking a leave of absence from his job as a Vice President at Lockheed Martin to focus on the remainder of his Congressional campaign.
After being endorsed in January 2008 by the 3rd congressional district's retiring Congressman, Jim Saxton, several organizations have also given him their support, including Vets for Freedom,
National Vietnam and Gulf War Veterans Coalition,
Veterans for Victory, 
the National Federation of Independent Businesses,
the National Rifle Association (receiving a grade of A-),
Wake Up America,
and Free and Strong America PAC.
Most newspapers favored Adler over Myers. "The Press of Atlantic City",
Philadelphia Inquirer, 
the "Courier-Post",
"The Burlington County Times",
and "The New York Times",
all gave their endorsement to Adler, often citing his economic policies as their reason for endorsing him. Myers did, however, receive the endorsement of the "Asbury Park Press" on the basis that he is an outsider and not a career politician 
Myers faced a 10–1 funding gap against Adler, having spent a majority of his early warchest on an expensive primary battle against Kelly and Murphy.
Election results.
On November 4, 2008, after polls closed, the 3rd district race was the last one to be called in New Jersey. With 100% of precincts reporting, Myers lost narrowly to Adler, with 48.4% to his 51.6%.
Sex Scandal.
On October 22, 2011, an alleged extra-marital affair was reported on a website about an encounter in a California Hotel with Mayor Myers.
Mayor Chris Myers vehemently denies the accusation. Shortly afterwards, he was placed on administrative leave from Lockheed Martin.
However, in an interview with the "The Courier Post" newspaper Thursday Oct. 27, 2011, he said that he would not resign as Meford's Mayor, but he didn’t deny allegations made on an anonymous website that he paid for gay sex while visiting California last October. Also, when asked by the Courier Post if he was "gay or bisexual", Myers replied “I’m not commenting on my personal life.”
On December 5, Myers submitted his resignation from the Medford Township council.

</doc>
<doc id="18365437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365437" title="Kuigõ">
Kuigõ

Kuigõ is a settlement in Meremae Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365445" title="Abazgi languages">
Abazgi languages

Abazgi is the branch of the Northwest Caucasian languages that contains the Abaza and Abkhaz languages. "Abazgi" was once the preferred designation, but has now been replaced mainly by the two subdesignations, "Abkhaz–Abaza".
The literary dialects of Abkhaz and Abaza are two ends of a dialect continuum. Grammatically, the two are very similar; however, the differences in phonology are substantial, and are the main reason why many linguists prefer to classify them as distinct languages. Most linguists (see for instance Viacheslav Chirikba 2003) believe that Ubykh is the closest relative of the Abazgi dialect continuum.

</doc>
<doc id="18365450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365450" title="Vana-Vastseliina">
Vana-Vastseliina

Vahtseliina is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365452" title="Seth J. Teller">
Seth J. Teller

Teller received his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1992, and was a post-doctoral fellow at the Computer Science Institute of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and Princeton University's Computer Science Department. 

</doc>
<doc id="18365462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365462" title="Rõuge">
Rõuge

Rõuge () is a small borough ("") in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365470" title="Paloveere, Vastseliina Parish">
Paloveere, Vastseliina Parish

Paloveere is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365473" title="Nagasaki Chinatown">
Nagasaki Chinatown

Nagasaki Chinatown (Japanese: 長崎新地中華街, Simplified Chinese: 长崎新地中华街) is an area located in Nagasaki, Nagasaki, Japan. This area today is a big shopping strip that covers many blocks.
History.
The town was home for many Chinese sailors and traders who trade goods with the Japanese from the 15th to 19th centuries. The Chinese Traders came to Nagasaki because it was the only "open port" to visit Japan at this time. The Tokugawa government only allowed Nagasaki to stay open to the rest of the world, but Closed off the rest of Japan to prevent Western influences and the spread of Christianity. Strict rules were placed on these Chinese traders, forcing them to live in China Town, and preventing them from going outside the town at night. Any one found outside of the town at certain times were arrested by the local guard.

</doc>
<doc id="18365481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365481" title="Timiskaming Professional Hockey League">
Timiskaming Professional Hockey League

The Timiskaming Professional Hockey League (TPHL) was a minor professional ice hockey league based in the area of Lake Timiskaming, Canada. Founded in 1906, the league is notable for providing teams and Ambrose O'Brien, the founder of the National Hockey Association, which became today's National Hockey League.
History.
The league was founded in the early 1900s in the mining towns of Northern Ontario, Canada. Owned by wealthy mine owners, the league paid its players, one of the few leagues to do so at the time. The games between teams served as the basis for high-stakes gambling between the owners, players and the public. 'Ringers' from the southern ice hockey leagues would be paid to join the teams for a single game, hoping to garner large gambling profits for the team owners.
In a 1909 game between Haileybury and Cobalt at Cobalt, over $10,000 dollars was in the pot in bets. Haileybury won 6–5 in overtime, with five of the six goals scored by Harry Smith who had been lured from the Montreal Wanderers of the Eastern Canada Hockey Association.
The use of 'ringers' had one negative effect on the league. The league challenged for the Stanley Cup twice in 1909 and was rejected twice by the Stanley Cup trustees because of the 'ineligible' players on Cobalt, the 1909 champion. The trustees implemented a rule that players had to be a member of the team at the start of season, set at January 2.
Just before the 1910 season, the league dissolved so that two of its teams, Cobalt and Haileybury would help to form the National Hockey Association. The owner of the two teams Ambrose O'Brien, along with his family's money financed four teams in the NHA, including the Renfrew Millionaires and the Montreal Canadiens, then known as 'Les Canadiens'. In 1910, after their NHA franchises were dealt away, the TPHL resumed play and Cobalt and Haileybury returned to the league for the 1910–11 season before ending operations.
Notable players.
These may have been 'ringers' imported for single games:

</doc>
<doc id="18365482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365482" title="Kuksina">
Kuksina

Kuksina is a settlement in Meremae Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365486" title="Guy Ignolin">
Guy Ignolin

Guy Ignolin (14 November 1936 – 15 December 2011) was a French professional road bicycle racer. He was born in Vernou-sur-Brenne and died in Perros-Guirec, aged 75.

</doc>
<doc id="18365492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365492" title="Teterüvä">
Teterüvä

Teterüvä is a settlement in Meremae Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365496" title="Helena Kantakouzene, Empress of Trebizond">
Helena Kantakouzene, Empress of Trebizond

Helena Kantakouzene (died 1463) was the second wife of David of Trebizond. She was the last Empress of Trebizond.
Family.
Donald Nicol has argued that Helena was the sister of George Palaiologos Kantakouzenos, and thus the granddaughter of Matthew Kantakouzenos and possibly the daughter of Demetrios I Kantakouzenos. Theodore Spandounes reports that George visited her in Trebizond after 1437.
It is unclear which of David's children were also hers; his nine children—eight boys and one daughter—have been attributed variously to Helena or David's first wife Maria of Gothia by various genealogies. Nevertheless, the oldest sons died with their father 1 November 1463; the youngest son, George, who was three years old, and the daughter Anna were spared. Spandounes states they were sent as a present to Sultan Uzun Hassan of the Aq Qoyunlu, where George was converted to Islam, but he eventually escaped and abjured to Christianity. Spandounes says the name of the king who sheltered George Kantakouzene and gave him his daughter in marriage was named "Gurguiabei", which has been interpreted as a king of Georgia (and either George VIII or Constantine II), or Guria Bey, ruler of Guria. Anna's fate is less clear. The historian Laonikos Chalkokondyles contradicts Spandounes, writing that Anna was an inmate of Mehmet's harem until he gave her to Zaganos Pasha and forced to become a Muslim and marry Sinan, the son of Elvan Bey. A local tradition connects Anna to a village south of Trabizon called "Lady Village", where in 1870 an inscription bearing Anna's name was seen in the village church dedicated to the Archangels.
Empress.
On 15 August 1461, Mehmed II of the Ottoman Empire forced Emperor David to surrender his throne in return for a pension. David and his family were settled on estates near Serres in the Struma valley, comprising an annual income of some 300,000 pieces of silver. Although Helena presumably was with him, Donald Nicol mentions a source which states David had sent her to refuge with the Georgian king Mamia or Mania of Gurgia prior to Mehmed's arrival before the walls of Trebizond. After two years, his former retainer George Amiroutzes accused David of conspiring against Mehmed, and the former emperor was executed with all but one of his sons.
According to Spandounes, Helena survived her husband and sons. The Sultan reportedly had ordered their corpses to be left exposed outside the Walls of Constantinople. When she dug the graves with her own hands and buried them, she was condemned to pay a fine of 15,000 ducats or be executed herself. Her retainers raised the money, but Helena dressed in sackcloth and lived out her days in a straw hut near the corpses of her dead family.

</doc>
<doc id="18365504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365504" title="Vastseliina">
Vastseliina

Vastseliina () is a small borough ("") in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.
Vastseliina is the birthplace of wrestler and 1924 Olympic Gold Medalist Eduard Pütsep.

</doc>
<doc id="18365506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365506" title="Seacroft, Lincolnshire">
Seacroft, Lincolnshire

Seacroft is a village in Lincolnshire. It once had its own Seacroft railway station on the line between Boston and Skegness.

</doc>
<doc id="18365509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365509" title="The Videos (Roxette video)">
The Videos (Roxette video)

The Videos is a video collection by the Swedish pop duo Roxette, released on VHS and Laserdisc on November 16, 1991. It features music videos for the hit singles from the albums "Look Sharp!" and "Joyride", as well as "It Must Have Been Love" from the "Pretty Woman" soundtrack and the documentary "The Making of Joyride". 

</doc>
<doc id="18365512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365512" title="Palanumäe">
Palanumäe

Palanumäe is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365521" title="Immanuel General Mission">
Immanuel General Mission

The Immanuel General Mission (Immanueru Sogo Dendo Dan) is an indigenous Japanese holiness denomination founded on 21 October 1945 in Tokyo, Japan by David Tsugio Tsutada (born 1906; died July 1971), ""The John Wesley of Japan."(Sigsworth 237) [http://www.methodistmessage.com/jun2004/tsutada.html] It is a member of the Japan Evangelical Association (JEA).
History.
Origins.
David Tsugio Tsutada was the second son of Henry Tsutada, a Japanese Methodist dentist of Singapore. After studying at Anglo-Chinese School (ACS) in Singapore, Tsutada completed high school in Japan. After graduation he studied law at Cambridge University and also at London. Despite his academic success, Tsutada believed he was called to become a preacher, and so terminated his legal studies and returned to Japan to attend Bible College. Prior to graduation, his college president chose a Christian woman, Nobuko, for him to marry. Tsutada was effective in reaching the poor and marginalised of Tokyo, resulting in several conversions to Christianity. David and Nobuko had five children: John Makoto, Mary Migiwa, Joshua Tadashi, and twins Grace Midorino and Margaret Makiba.[http://www.methodistmessage.com/jun2004/tsutada.html]
At the outbreak of World War II, Tsutada refused to erect a Japanese flag in front of his church and bow deeply to the Emperor in the direction of the imperial palace, saying "only God in heaven is divine. We worship Him alone". On 26 June 1942, Tsutada was arrested, along with about 130 others who likewise refused to comply with the regulation. (Keyes 100)After two years, Tsutada was convicted, but released on probation. After the war ended, Tsutada decided to build a church in Tokyo, naming it "Immanuel" because "You, O God, are with us, just as you were in the cell with me."The Immanuel General Mission was organised on 21 October 1945 in Tokyo.[http://www.methodistmessage.com/jun2004/tsutada.html
Immanuel Bible Training College (1949).
Immanuel Bible Training College in Yokohama, Japan, was founded by David Tsutada in 1949 in Urawa, a city 30 kilometres north of central Tokyo. The college trains young men and women for ministry as pastors in the Immanuel General Mission church of Japan. In 1968, the college moved to Yokohama, which was then a rural area. Today, the campus is surrounded by new homes and businesses, and Yokohama is considered part of the greater Tokyo area.[http://www.methodistmessage.com/jun2004/tsutada.html]
Each year, Immanuel ministers to approximately 10 students. Students at Immanuel must have a definite call to ministry before being accepted for training and education. Most students come from the Immanuel General Mission denomination, but many students from other denominations have also prepared for ministry at the school.[http://www.wgm.org/NETCOMMUNITY/Page.aspx?pid=2552&srcid=2821]
Death of David Tsutada and Subsequent Developments.
The Immanuel General Mission grew steadily. Churches were established throughout Japan, including outreach to university students and graduates as well as farmers. By 1988, this organisation had more than 10,000 members spread all over Japan.[http://www.methodistmessage.com/jun2004/tsutada.html]
Tsutada died in July 1971. John, his eldest son, took over as President of the Bible Training College (BTC), Pastor of the Tokyo Central Church and the head of the Tsutada family. His eight children went into full-time Christian work as staff members of the Tokyo Central Church, missionaries overseas, and one of them in medical work.[http://www.methodistmessage.com/jun2004/tsutada.html]
John's brothers and sisters actively supported the Mission and together, continued to serve the Lord in Japan and elsewhere. Mary, a fine scholar, enrolled at the BTC, married her brother's friend Benjamin Saoshiro, but died prematurely, but not before her son, Ken, became a Christian. Benjamin became pastor, teacher, translator of songs and books from English to Japanese and took charge of the missionaries from Immanuel Church.[http://www.methodistmessage.com/jun2004/tsutada.html]
Joshua, the third sibling, after graduation from Rikkyo University, studied at BTC, then at Yeotmal Union Biblical Seminary in India where, after graduation, he stayed on as registrar and preached during the weekends for a total of 14 years. Returning to Japan he pastored a church in Kyūshū, and after his brother John became Chairman of Education, Joshua succeeded him as President of the Bible Training College. He serves also as Chairman of the Evangelical Fellowship of Asia.[http://lists.topica.com/lists/wef-world-prayers/read/message.html?sort=a&mid=801252601][http://www.methodistmessage.com/jun2004/tsutada.html]
Grace and Margaret both studied at BTC and alternated pastoring and looking after their mother. Margaret ultimately went on to do pastoral work not far from Tokyo, and later was sent to begin a church at Beppu. Eventually, her work led her to marrying Benjamin Saoshiro in 1988.[http://www.methodistmessage.com/jun2004/tsutada.html]
Current.
The current president of the IGM is Dr. Isaac Teruo Saoshiro, who also pastors the IGM's mother church, Nakameguro in Tokyo, and serves on the Board of the World Gospel Mission.[http://japanlog.wordpress.com/2006/05/][http://www.wgm.org/NETCOMMUNITY/Page.aspx?pid=467&srcid=996]
Affiliations and Partnerships.
The Immanuel General Mission is affiliated with the Christian Holiness Partnership[http://www.faithstreams.com/topics/members-and-partners/christian-holiness-partnership.html]. Additionally, the IGM partners with the Japanese offices of the World Mission department of the Wesleyan Church and the World Gospel Mission through the Immanuel Wesleyan Federation, a cooperative mission organisation formed in 1954.
South India Bible Seminary (1984).
South India Bible Institute (now South India Biblical Seminary) first opened its doors on 16 November 1937 in Madras (now Chennai). The seminary’s basic purpose is to train Indian young people for Christian ministry. In 1972, SIBS was reorganized into an indigenous organization with an Indian governing board. The seminary was restructured again in 1981 to include the Church of the Nazarene as a partner with World Gospel Mission. Immanuel General Mission of Japan became a partner in 1984. Most of the seminary’s professors are Indian.[http://wgm.org/NETCOMMUNITY/Page.aspx?pid=2568&srcid=1013]

</doc>
<doc id="18365525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365525" title="Muhkamõtsa">
Muhkamõtsa

Muhkamõtsa is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365536" title="Mähkli">
Mähkli

Mähkli is a settlement in Antsla Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365543" title="Ringiste">
Ringiste

Ringiste is a settlement in Taheva Parish, Valga County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365546" title="The Light Brigade (comics)">
The Light Brigade (comics)

The Light Brigade, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18365557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365557" title="Nakatu, Estonia">
Nakatu, Estonia

Nakatu is a settlement in Taheva Parish, Valga County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365558" title="Bartholomew Gilbert">
Bartholomew Gilbert

Captain Bartholomew Gilbert was an English mariner who in 1602 served as co-captain on the first recorded European expedition to Cape Cod. His decisions resulted in that expedition's failure to establish a colony there.
Voyage to Cape Cod.
Gilbert served aboard "The Concord", a small bark which sailed out of Dartmouth, Devon, to establish a colony in New England (which was then known as Northern Virginia and was considered a part of the Colony of Virginia). The ship's captain was Bartholomew Gosnold, an experienced seaman who had sailed with Walter Raleigh and who was related to Gilbert on Gosnold's father's side.
"The Concord" had thirty-two men on board and sailed due west from the Azores to New England, arriving in May 1602 at Cape Elizabeth in Maine (latitude 43 degrees) and skirted the coastline for several days before anchoring in York Harbor, Maine, on May 14, 1602. The next day, they sailed into Provincetown Harbor and named Cape Cod.
Following the coastline for several days, they discovered and touched at Martha's Vineyard, entered Buzzard's Bay (which they called Gosnold's Hope), and established a small post on Elizabeth's Island, which is now called Cuttyhunk Island and is part of the town of Gosnold. In nineteen days they built a fort and storehouse on an islet and began to trade with the Massachusett in furs, skins, and the sassafras plant. They sowed wheat, barley, and peas, and in fourteen days the young plants had sprung nine inches and more.
They planned to leave Gosnold and some of the crew to start a colony while Gilbert returned to Devon for more supplies. However, when it became known that Gilbert had provided insufficient provisions to overwinter (their provisions, after division, would have lasted only six weeks), all hands decided to return to England with him. They made a very short voyage of five weeks and landed at Exmouth on 23 July. Their freight realised a great profit, the sassafras alone selling for £336 a ton.
A notable account of the voyage, written by John Brereton, one of the gentlemen adventurers, was published in 1602, and this helped in popularising subsequent voyages of exploration and colonisation of the northeast seaboard of North America. A second account by Gabriel Archer was not published until over 20 years later. Although the mission failed to establish a colony, the attempt is commemorated by the New World Tapestry and Gilbert is one of the people represented thereon.
Voyage to Virginia.
In July 1603, Gilbert returned to the Americas. Setting anchor in Chesapeake Bay, Gilbert and four crewmen went ashore to search for the missing members of the Roanoke Colony. They subsequently ran afoul of and were killed by a group of Algonquians on July 29.
The date of this historic landing is represented in the Seal of Northampton County, Virginia. Not until 1607 did the English successfully establish Jamestown, Virginia, their first colony in what is now the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18365583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365583" title="Peace of Brześć Kujawski">
Peace of Brześć Kujawski

Peace of Brześć Kujawski was a peace treaty signed on December 31, 1435 in Brześć Kujawski that ended the Polish–Teutonic War (1431–1435). The treaty was signed in the aftermath of the Livonian Order's defeat at the hands of the allied Polish-Lithuanian force in the Battle of Pabaiskas (Wiłkomierz). The Teutonic Knights agreed to cease their support to Švitrigaila (who tried to break the Polish-Lithuanian union) and in the future to support only Grand Dukes properly elected jointly by Poland and Lithuania. The treaty did not change borders determined by the Treaty of Melno in 1422. The Peace of Brześć Kujawski showed that Teutonic Knights lost their universal missionary status. Teutonic and Livonian Order no longer interfered with Polish–Lithuanian affairs; instead Poland and Lithuania involved themselves in the Thirteen Years' War, the civil war in Prussia that tore it in half.

</doc>
<doc id="18365607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365607" title="Mariinsky">
Mariinsky

Mariinsky (masculine), Mariinskaya (feminine), or Mariinskoye (neuter) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18365630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365630" title="Stuticintamani">
Stuticintamani

The Stuti Chintamani is a piece of devotional literature attributed to Mahima Dharma. The 45th song was written by Bhima Bhoi.
Lyrics to 45th Song.
Oh preceptor, oh Lord, You are beyond the scope of description by qualification. I am going down now. Kindly tell me the way. 
(1)Oh shapeless Lord, You are without any desire, but I am with desire. Save me from the delusion and deluge.<br>
(2) Oh preceptor, oh Lord, You are above the Vedas, but I am confined to the Vedas. Kindly tell me divine wisdom so that I will get rid of the sins of nature. <br>
(3) Oh preceptor, oh Lord, You are beyond the Vedas, but I bear a shape. You take ablution in the Ganges water but I take bath in the well-water of this earth. <br>
(4) Oh Lord of the void, You have got one foot but I have two. Rescue me with Your single foot. <br>
(5) My preceptor is free of sins but I am a great sinner. Oh Lord, rescue me from sins and do not deceive me. <br>
(6) Oh preceptor, oh Lord, You are intelligent but I am a fool. Knowing fully well the merits have some kindness for me. <br>
(7) Oh preceptor, oh Lord, You are a store house of knowledge and I am ignorant. Kindly rescue me from this dangerous Kali Age. <br>
(8) Oh preceptor, oh Lord, You are expert in rescuing and I am fit for being condemned. You can save me from sixty six thousand Kumvi hell in which one has fallen by dragging him. <br>
(9) Oh omniscient Lord, knowing in Your heart which is full of kindness that the creatures has fallen in the mire of sins, rescue him. <br>
(10) Oh preceptor, oh Lord, You are free of diseases and I am full of diseases. Your religion is that of the void and You are endowed with all beauty. This creature is very unfortunate. <br>
(11) Oh preceptor oh Lord, You have no companion or friend, but I am in coupe. As soon as I assumed body, delusion is sticking to my skin and hairs of the skin. <br>
(12) Oh Alekha God, you are my illustrious preceptor and I am your disciple. I am being drowned, save me. What more I will tell you. <br>
(13) My good preceptor is very virtuous, and I am a great sinner. Kindly see my condition and save me from the earth which is like an ocean. My preceptor is the fathomless sea of kindness. His religion is called Mahima. It is not even known to the wise as well as to the Vedas. <br>
(15) The Lord has no shape or form. Then how to meditate on Him. Or Lord, you give result without performance of my religious rites. <br>
(16) You are unthinkable. Your body is of the void. You cannot be described in words. Who can get any trace of Him by means of the holy lores. <br>
(17) Oh pious and wise men, you are poet and learned men. Think within yourself. In this great Kali Age follow Alekha Mahima night and day. <br>
(18) This religion has been evolved in this age and there is no importance in any other religion. One will get deliverance, wealth etc. by adopting this religion. <br>
(19) This is Kali Age; from day to day Kali Age is assuming great proportion in the matter of sins. Following the feet of the preceptor Bhima Kanda has composed up till now 900 stanzas.

</doc>
<doc id="18365638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365638" title="Vakari">
Vakari

Vakari is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365651" title="Keerba">
Keerba

Keerba is a settlement in Meremäe Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365668" title="Owen J. Roberts School District">
Owen J. Roberts School District

The Owen J. Roberts School District is a school district located in northern Chester County, Pennsylvania. The school district comprises five elementary schools, one middle school, and a high school. The student population for the entire district is around 4,800 students. The current school tax rate is 26.82 mills.
The school district, which is located in Bucktown, covers an area of in 7 townships. Recently the district completed construction on a newly renovated middle school and a new elementary school. 

</doc>
<doc id="18365670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365670" title="Tsooru">
Tsooru

Tsooru is a settlement in Antsla Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365681" title="Bagvalal people">
Bagvalal people

The Bagvalal (also called Bagulal, Kwantl Hekwa, Bagolal, Kwanadi, Bagulaltsy, Kvanadin, and Kvanadintsy) are an Avar–Andi–Dido people of Dagestan, speaking the Bagvalal language. Since the 1930s they have been largely classed as and assimilated by the Avars. Howevern there were still some people reported separately in the 2002 census. Most Bagvalals are Sunni Muslims.
Geography.
The Bagvalal live in mountain villages in the Tsumadinsky District of Dagestan. The names of the Bagvalal villages are: Kvanada, Gimerso, Tlisi, Tlibisho, Khushtada, and Tlondada.
Demographics.
In 1926 there were 3,054 Bagvalals.
Sources.
Wixman, Ronald. "The Peoples of the USSR: An Ethnographic Handbook". (Armonk, New York: M. E. Sharpe, Inc., 1984) p. 19.

</doc>
<doc id="18365687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365687" title="Kalatsova">
Kalatsova

Kalatsova is a settlement in Meremae Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365688" title="Stroke in China">
Stroke in China

Recent epidemiologic studies confirm that stroke is the most frequent cause of death in the People's Republic of China, with an incidence more than fivefold that of myocardial infarction. Intracerebral hemorrhage causes about one third of all strokes, nearly three times the frequency in North American stroke registries. A marked regional variation in stroke incidence exists, with a threefold higher stroke incidence in northern than in southern Chinese cities, suggesting important environmental or dietary influences. Stroke treatment often involves a combination of modern and traditional herbal medicine; the latter may modify platelet aggregation and blood viscosity. Stroke, particularly intracerebral hemorrhage, is the most frequent and important vascular disorder in China.
China reports more patients with stroke than anywhere else in the world. While there is still a great deal of unknown information, stroke research has been making great progress in recent years, such as in the areas of clinical research, population and genetic epidemiology, brain ischemia/reperfusion exploring, leukoencephalopathy (CADASIL), neural stem cell and stroke, neuroprotective treatment for stroke, clinical therapy test in stroke, rehabilitation and prevention. 
Cities and towns in China have integrated systems for registering and investigating strokes. Chinese researchers have followed closely the international level of stroke treatment with a forward position in neural stem cell. Traditional Chinese drugs have featured effects on neuroprotective treatment for stroke which has also been investigated. Chinese scientists have suggested a new way of dividing neuroprotectors in stroke. The clinical therapy test with urokinase and defibrase for cerebral infarction in China is effective and relatively safe, yet the original papers published by Chinese researchers and clinical effects for patient treatment still need to be improved and updated.
Epidemiology.
Stroke is the second commonest cause of death and leading cause of adult disability in China. Chronic diseases now account for an estimated 80% of deaths and 70% of disability-adjusted life-years lost in China. 
The major causes of death in China are vascular disease, cancer, and chronic respiratory disease. Unlike in western countries, cerebrovascular disease predominates; the number of patients who die from stroke is more than three times that from coronary heart disease. 
In the past 20 years, China has experienced a rapid economic development. Over time, the proportion of elderly people in the population will likely increase, life expectancies will lengthen, and, as in some other developing countries, the influence of a westernized lifestyle might shift disease patterns towards a profile more similar to that seen in more developed regions, so that the number of strokes will rise.
Total age-adjusted incidence of first-ever stroke in China is not very different from that in developed countries. Stroke incidence, mortality, and prevalence varies widely among different regions within China, with a noticeable north–south gradient. The proportion of intracerebral haemorrhage was high and reached 55% in one city.
Hypertension is the most important risk factor for stroke. The mass approach combined with a high-risk approach for stroke prevention showed encouraging effects, and various unconventional local therapeutic traditions are commonly used to treat stroke in China.
Several national guidelines on stroke prevention and treatment have been developed. Because of methodological limitations in the epidemiology studies, official government data have been unreliable in terms of making any firm conclusions. There have been calls for urgently needed up-to-date, well-designed, and well-done epidemiological studies and therapeutic trials in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18365705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365705" title="National Ethnic and Multicultural Broadcasters Council">
National Ethnic and Multicultural Broadcasters Council

The National Ethnic & Multicultural Broadcasters’ Council is the peak body for Australia’s ethnic and multilingual community broadcasters. The NEMBC develops national policy, advocates and lobbies on behalf of its members and organises an annual national conference. The council also provides a range of resources to broadcasters such as training programs and advice on funding and grants. It publishes a quarterly newsletter "The Ethnic Broadcaster".
The NEMBC Women's Committee.
Created in 1995, the Women's Committee was set up to ensure women representation within the NEMBC. 
The NEMBC Women's Committee encourages active participation of women broadcasters in education and informing communities on cultural diverse issues and recommends involvement of women decision making.
The Women's Committee aims to encourage and engage women broadcastres in projects to enrich and enpower them in their own communities and beyond.
The latest project undertaken by the women's committee is Living Stories Radio Project. The Committee invites all women to participate in the creation of Living Stories. Community members who wish to be interviewed can contact the NEMBC to be put in contact with a broadcaster. Interviews can be recorded in any language.

</doc>
<doc id="18365706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365706" title="Roosiku">
Roosiku

Roosiku is a settlement in Antsla Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365712" title="Pugritsa">
Pugritsa

Pugritsa is a village in Karula Parish, Valga County, in southeastern Estonia. It is located about 10 km southeast of the town of Valga, it also borders Latvia on its southwestern side. Pugritsa has a population of 40 (as of 1 January 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="18365718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365718" title="Michel de Salzmann">
Michel de Salzmann

Michel de Salzmann (31 December 1923, Paris - 4 August 2001, Paris) was a psychiatrist, and the director of the Gurdjieff Foundation from 1990 until his death. The position was inherited from his mother, Jeanne de Salzmann. Frank R. Sinclair, President of New York Foundation claims that Michel was the son of Gurdijeff.

</doc>
<doc id="18365728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365728" title="Sänna">
Sänna

Sänna (, ) is a village in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 55.
Poet and writer Artur Adson (1889–1977) grew up in Sänna village.
Sänna manor.
A manor has existed on the site since the Middle Ages, when it was a subsidiary manor to Vastseliina Castle. The present, wooden building however dates from 1875. Throughout history, the manor has belonged to several different Baltic German families, including the aristocratic families von Budberg, von Vietinghoff and von Fusch. It currently houses a library and a community centre and is open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="18365738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365738" title="Plessi">
Plessi

Plessi is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365745" title="Külaoru">
Külaoru

Külaoru is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365750" title="White currant">
White currant

The white currant (whitecurrant) is a sport of the red currant ("Ribes rubrum"), a species of flowering plant in the family Grossulariaceae, native to Europe. It is a deciduous shrub growing to tall and broad, with palmate leaves, and masses of spherical, edible fruit (berries) in summer. The white currant differs from the red currant only in the colour and flavour of these fruits, which are a translucent white. 
Cultivation.
Unlike their close relative the blackcurrant, red and white currants are cultivated for their ornamental value as well as their berries. 
Currant bushes do best in partial to full sunlight. They are relatively low-maintenance plants. 
The cultivar 'White Grape' has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit. There are also cultivars with yellow and pink fruit, called respectively yellow currants and pink currants.
Culinary uses.
White currant berries are slightly smaller and sweeter than red currants. When made into jams and jellies the result is normally pink. The white currant is actually an albino cultivar of the red currant but is marketed as a different fruit.
White currants are rarely specified in savory cooking recipes compared with their red counterparts. They are often served raw and provide a sweetly tart flavor. White currant preserves, jellies, wines and syrups are also produced. In particular, white currants are the classic ingredient in the highly rarefied Bar-le-duc or Lorraine jelly although preparations made of red currants can also be found.
The berries are a good source of vitamins B1 and C, and are rich in iron, copper and manganese.

</doc>
<doc id="18365754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365754" title="Juraski">
Juraski

Juraski is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18365758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365758" title="Truce of Łęczyca">
Truce of Łęczyca

The Truce of Łęczyca was signed during the Polish–Teutonic War (1431–1435) between the Kingdom of Poland and the Teutonic Order in Łęczyca on 15 December 1433 (this has also led some Polish historians to divide this Polish–Teutonic War into two wars, in 1431–1433 and in 1435). The Teutonic Knights, pressured by the citizens of their lands, agreed to the 12-year old truce to other Polish demands, including that the Order would cease support to Švitrigaila (a Lithuanian noble who attempted to break the Polish-Lithuanian union with the aid of the Order); in addition each side would control the territories it occupied until a peace would be signed ("uti possidetis"), and no party would seek mediation of foreign powers to change this truce. This marked the end of the war on Polish territories; the struggle on Lithuanian lands would continue for two more years (as the truce with Poland did not extend to the Livonian Order).

</doc>
<doc id="18365761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365761" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Guide">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Guide

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Guide/Kweíteh/Shangqiu (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Guide in the Ecclesiastical province of Kaifeng in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18365763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365763" title="Guido Carlesi">
Guido Carlesi

Guido Carlesi (Vicarello di Collesalvetti, 7 November 1936) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer. Carlesi won two stages in the Tour de France and seven stages in the Giro d'Italia. In 1961, he finished 2nd in the general classification of the 1961 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18365781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365781" title="Aleksandar Trifunović (basketball)">
Aleksandar Trifunović (basketball)

Playing career.
Trifunović began his pro career with Red Star Belgrade before moving to KK Zadar where he played for 3 seasons under head coaches Dragan Šakota, Slavko Trninić, and Krešimir Ćosić.
He returned to Red Star Belgrade in summer 1992, contributing greatly to the club's two back-to-back league titles.
Coaching career.
Trifunović was the manager of the Serbian League club Red Star Belgrade during the 2001-02 season.
Trifunović was the head coach of the Serbian club Red Star Belgrade during the 2002-03 season and during the month of December during the 2004-05 season. He firmly established his head coaching career in Lithuania with the Lithuanian League club Lietuvos Rytas in the years 2006-2008. Rytas club reached the ULEB Cup finals in the 2006-07 season and the Euroleague Top 16 stage in the 2007-2008 season. He also won the Baltic League championship in 2007 with Rytas.
In the 2008 off-season he became the head coach of the Greek League club Panionios Nea Smyrni.
In 2009, he became the head coach of the Russian Super League club Spartak Saint Petersburg. He resigned from the club on November 10, 2009.
On December 27, 2009, Trifa signed a new one and a half year contract with Red Star Belgrade.
On October in 2010, Trifunovic returned to Lietuvos Rytas. Despite a slow start, he led the team to the Euroleague Top16. However, a loss in the LKF cup and finishing only 3rd in the Baltic League led to Trifunovic parting ways with Rytas in April 2011. 
After starting the 2011-2012 season without a team, Trifunovic shocked everyone when he became the head coach of BC Žalgiris, the archrival of Lietuvos Rytas. Trifunovic led BC Žalgiris to the LKF cup, and also helped win the Baltic League and the Lithuanian League championships, beating Lietuvos Rytas in the finals.
He became the head coach of BC Astana in December, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18365784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365784" title="Firsby railway station">
Firsby railway station

Firsby railway station was a busy station in Firsby, Lincolnshire which closed in 1970 as a result of the Beeching Axe. Firsby served as a main line station and a terminus for two branch lines, one to the seaside resort of Skegness and one to the market town of Spilsby.
Firsby station was located in a small rural linear village 36 miles (58 km) east from the county town of Lincoln, 4 miles (6.4 km) south east of the nearest market town of Spilsby and 8 miles (12.9 km) inland from the popular holiday resort town of Skegness.
Opening.
The railway station at Firsby opened on 3 September 1848, and was a substantial structure for a country station, totally unlike the majority of small isolated rural halts. The station had three platforms each two twenty hundred yards long and covered with buildings, booking offices, several waiting rooms (male, female and general), restaurants, toilets, baggage and goods halls, crew rooms, staff canteen and housing, and several railway offices. The main line tracks were crossed by a substantial passenger footbridge and most of the station was covered by an ornate cast-iron and glass canopy normally only seen at main city stations. The station also had signal boxes, water towers, extensive goods sidings and engine repair sheds.
The station was served by two public houses, one of which doubled as the Firsby Railway Hotel. There are several mentions in old records of a second drinking establishment around 1852, called Whyley's Beerhouse, that stood adjacent to Firsby railway Station.
Branch lines.
Firsby was a junction for the Skegness line and the Spilsby line on their short branches from the main Great Northern Railway's London Kings Cross to Cleethorpes east coast mainline railway. During the summer months holiday passenger traffic from all over the country alighting at Firsby for their connection to Skegness was substantial with hundreds and sometimes thousands of passengers passing through the station at a weekend and the platforms would be teeming with families and their luggage. In the Victorian era most holidaymakers travelled by train and Firsby was one of the busiest stations on the east coast main line. The station was the major employer in the area and between the station master and his assistants, ticket office staffs, ticket inspectors, signalmen, porters, catering staffs, drivers, firemen, guards and track maintenance staff for three separate railway companies, several hundred people worked at or from Firsby station on a regular daily basis.
Between 1943 and 1958 Firsby station was kept busy as the nearest railhead staging point for RAF and later USAF airmen travelling to and from the nearby RAF Spilsby airfield at Great Steeping.
Closure.
The line was closed down in 1970 due to the Beeching axe cuts, and the majority of the station and the platforms were demolished. Only the most southerly section of the station building remains and is now a private residence. With the old east coast mainline between Firsby and Cleethorpes removed a new direct link to Skegness was installed at the junction a few hundred metres south of the old Firsby station. Although the station is long gone many locals still remember the station master calling out "Skegness passengers, Over the bridge for Skegness!"
Timetable for February 1863.
The table below shows the train departures from Firsby & Spilsby station on weekdays in February 1863. At this point, the East Lincolnshire line is only 13 years old, and none of the branch lines have been built yet, but Firsby is still an important station on account of being the railhead for the nearby town of Spilsby.
Timetable for July 1922.
The table below shows the train departures from Firsby station on weekdays in July 1922, when services were at their peak. The most recent addition, the Midville line has been open for 9 years. This was built mainly for excursion trains to Skegness, and the local service is sparse, consisting of only 2 trains each way per day, with one extra on Mondays and Saturdays.

</doc>
<doc id="18365819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365819" title="Centro Comercial El Paseo Tehuacan">
Centro Comercial El Paseo Tehuacan

Centro Comercial El Paseo Tehuacan is a shopping mall located in Tehuacán, Puebla. Located at Av. Adolfo Lopez Mateos #3800, San Lorenzo Teotipilco, Tehuacan, Puebla, less than 3 mi ( 4.5 km ) from the Mexico-Oaxaca highway and in the heart of the new development area of Tehuacan.

</doc>
<doc id="18365834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365834" title="Ehsan Khajeh Amiri">
Ehsan Khajeh Amiri

Ehsan Khajeh Amiri () (born October 29, 1984) is an Iranian pop music singer. He is the son of famous Persian traditional music singer Iraj.

</doc>
<doc id="18365852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365852" title="The Blade Itself">
The Blade Itself

The Blade Itself is a crime thriller novel by Marcus Sakey that was released in January 2007.
Plot summary.
The novel, set in Chicago, is the story of two childhood friends and young criminals, Danny Carter and Evan McGann. Years after their criminal partnership dissolved, just as Carter has reformed himself and started a respectable new life, his former partner soon returns from prison to threaten Carter's peaceful new existence with demands of re-teaming.
Reception.
"The Blade Itself" was selected as a "New York Times" Editor's Pick and named one of "Esquire" Magazine's 5 Best Reads of 2007.
Adaptations.
Director and actor Ben Affleck bought the film rights to the novel in 2008 for his production company.

</doc>
<doc id="18365877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365877" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Luoyang">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Luoyang

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Luoyang/Loyang (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Luoyang in the Ecclesiastical province of Kaifeng in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18365879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365879" title="Adelaide Avalanche">
Adelaide Avalanche

The Adelaide Avalanche were a semi-professional ice hockey team based in Thebarton, South Australia that played in the Australian Ice Hockey League (AIHL). The club was formed in 2000 and was arguably the most successful team in the short history of the AIHL, winning five minor premierships and two championships in their eight years of competition.
History.
Along with the Sydney Bears and Canberra Knights, the Avalanche were one of the founding members of the AIHL in 2000. They finished first out of the three teams that year and claimed the inaugural AIHL championship. In 2001, the club enjoyed the same success in winning their second consecutive title.
In 2002, the Melbourne Ice, Western Sydney Ice Dogs, and Newcastle North Stars joined the AIHL, expanding it to six teams. The Goodall Cup, Australia's top prize in ice hockey, also became part of the AIHL that year. Adelaide again finished second in the overall standings and lost to the Bears in the Goodall Cup final.
The Avalanche finished the 2003 season with their fourth straight minor premiership but lost to the Ice Dogs in the first round of a newly introduced four-team playoff system. They would lose in the semifinals again in 2004 to the North Stars in double overtime.
As two more teams—the Brisbane Blue Tongues and Central Coast Rhinos—entered the league in 2005, the Avalanche returned to dominance by finishing first overall in the regular season standings. The "curse of the minor premiers" once again came back to haunt the team, however. Despite winning through to the Goodall Cup final for the first time in three years, they were defeated 3–1 by the North Stars in that game.
The Avalanche have retooled for 2006 in the quest for their first-ever Goodall Cup, with their current roster boasting Mighty Roos players Greg Oddy and brothers Ben & Luke Thilthorpe. They finished second after the regular season and hosted the finals series, beating the Ice Dogs 5–2 to reach the final but losing the final 0-4 to the North Stars.
Members of the Adelaide Avalanche were featured on episode 11 of Network Ten's "Cyber Shack TV" on 10 October 2006. Both David Huxley and Brad Wanchulak played and reviewed the new "NHL 2K6" on Xbox 360.
The Avalanche came into financial difficulties in 2008, and after being able to host several game at the start of the season, could not meet its road commitments, forcing the team to withdraw from the remainder of the season on June 17. The team's players were transferred to the newly formed Adelaide A's, who in a deal with the AIHL was allowed to play the remainder of the Avalanche's season.
Championships.
The club won five minor premierships (V.I.P. Cup) and one championships (AIHL) in nine years.

</doc>
<doc id="18365889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365889" title="Sarabande and Chaconne from Handel's Almira (Liszt)">
Sarabande and Chaconne from Handel's Almira (Liszt)

Franz Liszt composed his transcription of the Sarabande and Chaconne from Handel's opera "Almira" for piano solo (S.181) in 1879 for his English piano student Walter Bache to play at a Handel festival in England. The "Almira" transcription is noted by critics as one of the most striking of Liszt's late concert arrangements as well as his only setting of a baroque piece from his late period.
Liszt's decision to set Handel was probably due at least in part to please British audiences, for whom Handel was still the preeminent national composer and before whom Bache would likely appear. Nevertheless, the choice of subject matter was surprising, not only by being Handel instead of Bach but also from being taken from a Handel opera which was virtually ignored at the time.
In his most recent baroque transcription prior to "Almira", that of Bach's Fantasie and Fugue in G minor, BWV 542 dating from 1867, Liszt follows the original almost exactly. With "Almira", Liszt deviates considerably. While retaining the original contour of Handel's melodies, he changes the order of dances (in the opera the chaconne is followed by the sarabande), then adds introductory, transitional and developmental material along with his own varied treatment of the dances themselves.
The result of Liszt's work is a highly unified double-set of variations — one set of variations on the sarabande followed by a separate set on the chaconne — nearly becoming an independent work in the process. (Humphrey Searle in fact catalogued the work as an independent composition.) The sarabande dominates the piece, functioning much like a Bach chaconne as variations on a harmonic progression, while the chaconne itself is of the balletic variety, having nothing to do with the repeated bass lines of the work. This work is said by some to anticipate Ferruccio Busoni's late-romantic settings of Bach in its overall grandeur, 
especially in the major key transformation of the sarabande at the work's conclusion.

</doc>
<doc id="18365898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365898" title="Halton Holegate railway station">
Halton Holegate railway station

Halton Holegate railway station is a former station in Halton Holegate, Lincolnshire. It was on a short branch from Firsby to Spilsby.
History of the branch line.
A small private local railway company built a branch line from Firsby junction to Spilsby, which opened on 1 May 1868. The branch was just over four miles (6 km) long and connected Spilsby to the Kings Cross London to Cleethorpes main line. The necessary parliamentary permission had been obtained by an Act in July 1865 which incorporated the Spilsby & Firsby Railway Company with an authorised capital of £20,000 and loans of £8,333 for the construction of the four-mile (6 km) long, single-track branch.
Construction of the railway began in March 1867. Ceremonial cutting of the first turf was performed by local rector, The Reverend Rawnsley, who was standing in for the railway company's chairman Lord Willoughby de Eresby the 25th Baron. The Railway was expected to be opened quickly but disputes with the contractors arose over the quality of their work, and several lengths of track had to be replaced. The Great Northern Railway bought out the Spilsby & Firsby Railway Company for £20,000 through an Act of Parliament on 25 July 1890. Halton Holegate Halt was the only other intermediate station on the short branch line.
Passenger services were suspended in 1939. A goods service for grain, potatoes, livestock and other agricultural products continued for nearly 20 years. Goods including petrol, paraffin and coal continued to come into Spilsby via the rail link up to its final closure on 30 November 1958.
Halton Holegate station.
Halton Holegate station had a single platform on the up side and the main station building included the station master's residence, a booking office and a small waiting room. Other buildings included a signal box, an engine shed and a cattle pen alongside a loop siding.
The station has been sold into private ownership and the original station building extended as a private residence. The engine shed remains in good condition and the track bed has been infilled to the level of the platform.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18365940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365940" title="Cellular confinement">
Cellular confinement

Cellular Confinement Systems (CCS, also known as geocells) are widely used in construction for erosion control, soil stabilization on flat ground and steep slopes, channel protection, and structural reinforcement for load support and earth retention. Typical cellular confinement systems are made with ultrasonically-welded high-density polyethylene (HDPE) or Novel Polymeric Alloy strips that are expanded on-site to form a honeycomb-like structure which may be filled with sand, soil, rock or concrete.
History of Cellular Confinement.
Research and development of cellular confinement systems (CCS) began with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in September 1975 to test the feasibility of constructing tactical bridge approach roads over soft ground. Engineers discovered that sand-confinement systems performed better than conventional crushed stone sections. They concluded that a sand-confinement system could be developed that would provide an expedient construction technique for building approach roads over soft ground and that the system would not be adversely affected by wet weather conditions.
These early efforts led to the civilian commercialization of the first cellular confinement system known as Geoweb® by the Presto Products Company. The cellular confinement system was made from high density polyethylene (HDPE) that was light weight, strong and durable.
This new Geoweb cellular confinement system was used first for load support applications in the United States in the early 1980s; second for slope erosion control and channel lining in the United States in 1984 and; third for earth retention in Canada in 1986. Research on cellular confinement in these application areas in cooperation with Presto Products also started during the 1980s. 
Research by Drs. Bathurst and Jarrett discovered that cellular confinement reinforced gravel bases are “equivalent to about twice the thickness of unreinforced gravel bases” when placed over a saturated peat sub-base. Further, 1.25 mm (50 mil) HDPE performed better than single sheet reinforcement schemes (geotextiles and geogrids) and was more effective in reducing lateral spreading of the infill material under loading than conventional reinforced bases. In terms of the effectiveness of confinement, geocells have more attractive features due to its 3D structure than any other planar geosynthetic reinforcement. Since this early work, the results of large-scale triaxial test on isolated geocells has demonstrated that cellular confinement imparts apparent cohesion to cohesionless compacted granular material on the order of 169 kPa - 190 kPa (3500 psf - 4000 psf).
Cellular confinement systems are now recognized as an important technology when applied to load support (Webster, 1986 and Bathurst & Jarrett, 1988) under roads and rail lines, gravity and reinforced earth retaining wall systems (Crowe, Bathurst & Alston, 1989), (Bathurst, Crowe & Zehaluk, 1993), slope stabilization and erosion control, channel lining systems (Engel, P. & Flato, G. 1987) (Simons, Li & Associates, 1988) (Wu & Austin, 1992) and other innovative uses.
Cellular Confinement Systems (CCS, also known as geocells) are widely used in construction for erosion control, soil stabilization on flat ground and steep slopes, channel protection, and structural reinforcement for load support and earth retention. Typical cellular confinement systems are made with ultrasonically-welded high-density polyethylene (HDPE) or Novel Polymeric Alloy strips that are expanded on-site to form a honeycomb-like structure which may be filled with sand, soil, rock or concrete.
Recent Developments in Cellular Confinement Technology.
Despite the effectiveness of the geocell technology, particularly in slope and channel applications, its use in base reinforcement of paved roads and railways was limited due to the lack of design methods, lack of advanced research in the last two decades and limited understanding of the reinforcement mechanisms (Yuu, et al. 2008).) Recent research in the last few years on geocell reinforcement for roadway applications - reflected by some 40 published papers - has been conducted at the University of Kansas as well as at other leading research institutes around the world, to understand the mechanisms and influencing factors of geocell reinforcement, evaluate its effectiveness in improving roadway performance, and develop design methods for roadway applications (Han, et al. 2011).
Research was conducted on HPDE geocells as well as geocells manufactured from a novel polymeric alloy (NPA), called Neoloy, developed by PRS. NPA is a composite polymeric alloy based on nano-fibers (polyester and nylon) in a polyolefin matrix. The NPA combines the desired properties of polyethylene and polyester, thus enabling a more effective use of geocells in new critical applications, such as reinforcement for earth retention, load support in pavements and railroads and more (Leshchinsky, et al., 2009). While HDPE is the commonly used material for geocells, leading researchers have questioned its suitability for long term applications (Leshchinsky, et al., 2009). This concern is backed up by “facts on the ground” as HDPE geocells are rarely used in critical applications, such as in the base layer of major highways and railways, subject to long-term heavy static and dynamic loading.
Laboratory plate loading tests on geocells showed that the performance of geocell-reinforced bases depends on the elastic modulus of the geocell. The geocell with a higher elastic modulus had a higher bearing capacity and stiffness of the reinforced base. Geocells made from NPA were found significantly better in ultimate bearing capacity, stiffness, and reinforcement relative to geocells made from HDPE (Pokharel, et al., 2009). NPA geocells showed better creep resistance and better retention of stiffness and creep resistance particularly at elevated temperatures, verified by plate load testing, numerical modeling and full scale trafficking tests (Pokharel, et al. 2011). Research demonstrated that NPA geocells have a lower thermal expansion coefficient and creep reduction factor, and higher tensile stiffness and strength than HDPE geocells.(Thakur, et al., 2010); and NPA increased the bearing capacity and reduced settlement of compacted sand base courses significantly more than geocells fabricated from HDPE (Pokharel, 2011, et al.). 
Laboratory studies, full-scale moving wheel tests, and field demonstrations (cosponsored by US DOT Department of Transportation as well as state DOTs) have demonstrated clear benefits of NPA (novel polymeric alloy) geocell reinforcement in terms of increased stiffness and bearing capacity, wider stress distribution, reduced permanent deformation, and prolonged roadway life, while the design methods developed and calibrated in this research can help engineers design future roadway applications using geocells (Han, et al. 2011). This close cooperation and iterative research and development process between private industry and academia was cited by the editor of "Geosynthetics" magazine, as: “"an example of how product development for the geosynthetics industry can be done effectively… and can further advance the geosynthetics industry into the 21st century with much success".”
Application vs. Long-term Performance.
HDPE-based geocells have been successfully installed in thousands of projects worldwide. However, it is incumbent to differentiate between low load applications, such as slope and channel applications, and new heavy-duty applications, such as in the base layer of asphalt pavement structures of heavily trafficked motorways and highways. While all polymeric materials used in geocells creep over time and under loading, the question is; what is the rate of degradation, under which conditions, how will this impact performance, and when will it fail? 
The lifespan of geocells in slope protection applications, for example, is less critical as vegetative growth and root interlock stabilize the soil. This in effect compensates for any long-term loss of confinement in the geocells. Similarly, load support applications for low volume roads that are not subject to heavy loading usually have a short design life; therefore any minor loss of performance is tolerable. However, in critical applications such as reinforcement of the structural layer of asphalt highway pavements, long term dimensional stability is critical. The required design life for such roads under heavy traffic loads is typically 20–25 years, requiring verifiable long-term durability.
The Development of Standards for Testing Geocells.
Standards for geocells have not kept pace with the developments in the field of testing for material sciences, ignoring ASTM and ISO methods for testing, verification and quality assurance of polymer plastics, such as TMA - Thermomechanical analysis, DMA - Dynamic Mechanical Analysis, Stepped Isothermal Method (SIM) and CTE - Coeffecient of Thermal expansion. These methods are particularly suited for predicting long-term behavior and accumulated plastic strain in a geosynthetic under loading under different mechanical stresses, frequencies and temperatures. These widely accepted testing methods are used by the pipe, automobile, electronic, military, security and construction industries. Geomembrane testing, for example, utilizes accelerated test methods, which use temperature to stimulate aging over time to evaluate their durability.
Unfortunately, these ASTM/ISO procedures commonly utilized by many other industries to evaluate performance have not been adopted by the most of geocell industry. Current standards evolved from the world of 2D planar geosynthetics. These do not fully reflect the composite behavior of 3D geometry in soil, nor do they test long-term parameters such as: dynamic loading, permanent plastic deformation, effect of temperatures, environmental durability, etc. Therefore, new standards for geocells were proposed and under discussion by leading experts in geosynthetics in ASTM technical committee D-35. The goal is to set new industry standards that more accurately reflect 3D geocell geometry and material performance in the field rather than lab tests of individual strips and virgin materials that are used by most manufacturers today.
How it Works.
A Cellular Confinement System when infilled with compacted soil creates a new composite entity that possesses enhanced mechanical and geotechnical properties. When the soil contained within a geocell is subjected to pressure, it causes lateral stresses on perimeter cell walls. The 3D zone of confinement reduces the lateral movement of soil particles while vertical loading on the contained infill results in high lateral stress and resistance on the cell-soil interface. These increase the shear strength of the confined soil, which: 
Confinement from adjacent cells provides additional resistance against the loaded cell through passive resistance, while lateral expansion of the infill is restricted by high hoop strength. Compaction is maintained by the confinement resulting in long term reinforcement.
Applications.
Load Support.
Cellular Confinement Systems (CCS) have been used to improve the performance of both paved and unpaved roads by reinforcing the soil in the subgrade-base interface or within the base course. The effective load distribution of CCS creates a strong, stiff cellular mattress. This 3D mattress reduces vertical differential settlement into soft subgrades, improves shear strength, and enhances load-bearing capacity, while reducing the amount of aggregate material required to extend the service life of roads. As a composite system, cellular confinement strengthens the aggregate infill, thereby simultaneously enabling the use of poorly graded inferior material (e.g. local native soils, quarry waste or recycled materials) for infill as well as reducing the structural support layer thickness.
Typical load support applications include reinforcement of base and subbase layers in flexible pavements, including: asphalt pavements; unpaved access, service and haul roads; railway substructure and ballast confinement; working platforms in intermodal ports; airport runways and aprons, permeable pavements; pipeline road support; green parking facilities and emergency access areas.
Slope and Channel Protection.
The three-dimensional lateral confinement of CCS along with anchoring techniques ensures the long-term stability of slopes using vegetated topsoil, aggregate or concrete surfacing (if exposed to severe mechanical and hydraulic pressures). The enhanced drainage, frictional forces and cell-soil-plant interaction of CCS prevents downslope movement and limits the impact of raindrops, channeling and hydraulic shear stresses. The perforations in the 3D cells allow the passage of water, nutrients and soil organisms. This encourages plant growth and root interlock, which further stabilizes the slope and soil mass, and facilitates landscape rehabilitation. Typical applications include: construction cut and fill slopes and stabilization; road and rail embankments; pipeline stabilization and storage facility berms; quarry and mine site restoration; channel and coastline structures.
Earth Retention.
CCS systems provide steep vertical mechanically stabilized earth structures (either gravity or reinforced walls) for steep faces, walls and irregular topography. Construction of CCS earth retention is simiplified as each layer is structurally sound thereby providing access for equipment and workers, while eliminating the need for concrete formwork and curing. Local soil can be used for infill when suitable and granular, while the outer faces enable a green or tan fascia of the horizontal terraces/rows utilizing topsoil. Walls also can be used for lining channels and in cases of high flow, it is required that the outer cells contain concrete or cementious slurry infill.
Reservoirs and Landfills.
CCS provides membrane liner protection, while creating stable soil, berms and slopes, for non-slip protection and durable impoundment of liquids and waste. Infill treatment depends on the contained materials: concrete for ponds and reservoirs; gravel for landfill drainage and leachates, vegetated infill for landscape rehabilitation. Concrete work is efficient and controlled as CCS functions as ready-made forms; CCS with concrete forms a flexible slab that accommodates minor subgrade movement and prevents cracking. In medium and low flow-velocities, CCS with geomembranes and gravel cover can be used to create impermeable channels, thereby eliminating the need for concrete.
Sustainable Construction.
CCS is a green solution that makes civil infrastructure projects more sustainable. In load support applications, by reducing the amount and type of infill needed to reinforce soil, the usage of haul and earthmoving equipment is reduced. This in turn decreases fuel use, pollution and the carbon footprint, and at the same time minimizes on-site disruption from dust, erosion and runoff. When used for slope applications, perforated geocells provides excellent soil protection, water drainage and growth stratum for plants. The long-term design life of advanced CCS technology means that maintenance and the associated environmental costs are significantly reduced, as are long-term economic costs.

</doc>
<doc id="18365949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365949" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Nanyang">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nanyang

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nanyang (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Nanyang in the Ecclesiastical province of Kaifeng in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18365955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365955" title="Academy of St Olave's">
Academy of St Olave's

The Academy of St Olaves is an English chamber orchestra that play in the beautiful setting of St Olave's Church, York, England.
The Academy performs three concerts each year and plays for one orchestral Mass on Remembrance Sunday. The orchestra's repertoire ranges from music of the seventeenth century to that of the present day; from Corelli and Purcell through Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven to Stravinsky, Britten and Tavener.
The Academy was founded in 1978 by Charles Macdonald, Organist and Director of Music at St. Olave's Church, in conjunction with local headmaster-violinist, Robin Gilbert. The reason was to raise money for essential work to be done on the very fine organ at the church. The first concert was given on 8 January 1978 and was preceded by an article in the York newspaper, "The Press".
By the time funds had been raised the Academy of St Olave's was sufficiently well-established in the musical calendar of York for it to continue to give concerts. After Charles Macdonald moved from York in the early 1980s his successor, Chris Liddle continued with the orchestra, occasionally adding wind players as and when needed, a practice which further developed when Andrew Wright became Musical Director. By the time John Hastie was appointed Musical Director in 1997 the Academy had become a chamber orchestra and it adopted the policy of playing for the Solemn Requiem Mass on Remembrance Sunday at St Olave's Church, offering the Requiem settings by Gabriel Fauré and Maurice Duruflé on alternate years. The current director of the Academy is the celebrated Fitzwilliam Quartet viola player, Alan George. 
The Academy of St Olave's orchestra does not rehearse on a weekly basis - rehearsals are scheduled over a 2 week period prior to each concert. Players are invited from a large pool of instrumentalists, according to the forces required. 
Players in the Academy come from a wide range of backgrounds including teachers, gifted amateurs, students, talented school children and professional players. The minimum standard is Grade VIII and players are expected to have a high level of commitment and enthusiasm.

</doc>
<doc id="18365966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365966" title="Sarah Marinda Bates Pratt">
Sarah Marinda Bates Pratt

Sarah Marinda Bates Pratt (February 2, 1817 – December 25, 1888) was the first wife of LDS Apostle and polygamist Orson Pratt and later a critic of Mormon polygamy. She was a founder of the Anti-Polygamy Society in Salt Lake City and called herself a Mormon apostate. She was born in Henderson, Jefferson County, New York, the first daughter and third child of Cyrus Bates and Lydia Harrington Bates.
Early life and marriage.
Sarah Marinda Bates lived in Henderson, New York from the time of her birth in 1817 until October 1836. While she was there, her family encountered Mormon missionaries and in the summer of 1835 she and several siblings were baptized into the faith. She also fell in love with one of the missionaries, Orson Pratt, who after continuing to preach in other areas returned to seek Sarah's hand in marriage. They were wed July 4, 1836, and Orson returned to his missionary travels after a three-day honeymoon. Sarah stayed with her family with only periodic visits from her husband until the couple moved in October to an apartment in Kirtland, Ohio.
Children and migration.
The Pratts' stay in Kirtland would be short-lived. Amidst the economic difficulties of 1837 and the failure of the Kirtland Safety Society, Sarah gave birth to their first son Orson Jr. With few financial prospects in Kirtland, the family moved back to Henderson as soon as the infant was capable of the journey, and several months later relocated to New York City. In July 1838, Orson Pratt was called to gather with a number of other church elders at Far West, Missouri to prepare for another mission.
The move to Missouri was difficult due to Sarah's pregnancy with their second child. They reached St. Louis and their daughter Lydia was born on December 17, 1838. Violence in Missouri led to the expulsion of the Mormons from that state, and the Pratts were forced to flee to the upriver settlements on the Mississippi. They eventually found a "shanty" in nascent Nauvoo, Illinois. There, baby Lydia fell ill with one of the epidemics that ravaged the swamplands and died in August 1839. Orson left eleven days later to serve a mission to Europe.
With her husband in Europe Sarah had to provide for her family and she did so by taking in sewing. She was hired by Joseph Smith's family to do some sewing and Joseph referred her to John C. Bennett, a recent convert to Mormonism who had quickly become a close associate of Smith.
Plural marriage proposal of Joseph Smith.
In an 1886 interview, Sarah Pratt stated that, while in Nauvoo around 1840 or 1841, Joseph Smith was attracted to her and intended to make her "one of his spiritual wives." According to Bennett, while Orson was in England on missionary service, Smith proposed to Pratt by claiming divine inspiration: "Sister Pratt, the Lord has given you to me as one of my "spiritual wives". I have the blessings of Jacob granted me, as he granted holy men of old, and I have long looked upon you with favor, and hope you will not repulse or deny me", to which Bennett claimed Pratt replied: "Am I called upon to break the marriage covenant … to my lawful husband! I never will. I care not for the blessings of Jacob, and I believe in NO SUCH revelations, neither will I consent under any circumstances. I have one good husband, and that is enough for me." Also according to Bennett, Smith made three additional proposals. By Bennett's account, Pratt issued an ultimatum to Smith: "Joseph, if you ever attempt any thing of the kind with me again, I will tell Mr. Pratt on his return home. Depend upon it, I will certainly do it," a warning that elicited the threat from Smith, "Sister Pratt, I hope you will not expose me; if I am to suffer, all suffer; so do not expose me... If you should tell, I will ruin your reputation, remember that." 
After Orson returned from England, Bennett reports, another incident between Pratt and Smith occurred at her home. According to Sarah Pratt's neighbor, Mary Ettie V. Smith, "Sarah ordered the Prophet out of the house, and the Prophet used obscene language to her that he had found Bennett in bed with her." Sarah told her husband about the incident; Orson took Sarah's side and confronted Smith, who denied Sarah's allegation and responded that she was Bennett's lover. 
The resulting estrangement between Smith and Orson Pratt, who stood by Sarah in preference to the denials of Joseph and the accusations against Bennett, brought forth a warning from Smith that "If did believe his wife and follow her suggestions he would go to hell". Wilford Woodruff stated that "Dr. John Cook Bennett was the ruin of Orson Pratt". 
Van Wagoner and Walker note that, on August 20, 1842, "after four days of fruitless efforts at reconciliation, the Twelve excommunicated Pratt for 'insubordination' and Sarah for 'adultery'" with Bennett.
Orson soon returned to the church and denounced Bennett and his book. Van Wagoner cites a letter written by Orson's brother Parley P. Pratt, 
Orson wrote a postscript to his brother's letter: "J.C. Bennett has published lies concerning myself & family & the people with which I am connected".
Criticism in the local and Mormon press.
Sarah Pratt was accused of having had an adulterous relationship with Bennett, and numerous affidavits printed in the local and pro-Mormon Nauvoo press (e.g., the "Nauvoo Wasp"), as well as by Jacob B. Backenstos, a relative of the sheriff of Hancock County, testified to these allegations. Sarah Pratt had stayed with Stephen H. Goddard and his wife, Zeruiah, while Orson Pratt was away on missionary work in England. The Goddards stated under oath that from the first night, Bennett "was there as sure as the night came," and that "he remained later, sometimes till after midnight." During this time Bennett and Pratt "sat close together, he leaning on her lap, whispering continually or talking very low." Zeruiah Goddard reported that on another occasion she "came suddenly into the room where Mrs. Pratt and the Dr. were; she was lying on the bed and the Dr. was taking his hands out of her bosom; he was in the habit of sitting on the bed where Mrs. Pratt was lying, and lying down over her." The Goddards said they visited Pratt in a home furnished to her by Dr. Robert Foster there several times late in the evening and found Bennett and Sarah Pratt together, "as if they were man, and wife." Pratt claimed in 1886, when disaffected from the church, that when the testimonials were published, she went straight to the Goddard's home and Stephen ran out the back door, but that she confronted Zeruiah, who sobbed 
However, Foster made the following allegation against Bennett and Pratt: 
Van Wagoner has concluded that the adultery charges against Sarah Pratt are "highly improbable" and that J. B. Backenstos's affidavit stating that Bennett continued the adulterous relationship with Sarah Pratt after Orson returned from England could "be dismissed as slander." In addition to Sarah, Nancy Rigdon and Martha Brotherton "also suffered slanderous attacks because they exposed the Church's private polygamy posture." However, Bennett gave an affidavit clearing Smith of wrongdoing, 
Bennett ultimately became a vehement opponent of Smith and the church, authoring the book "The History of the Saints; or An Exposé of Joe Smith and Mormonism," of which Sarah Pratt later stated "know that the principle statements in John C. Bennett's book on Mormonism are true," whereas affidavits and testimonies of church members at the time denounced Bennett. Orson Pratt stated, 
Allegation of abortions.
In her 1886 interview with "vitriolic anti-Mormon journalist W. Wyl", Sarah Pratt alleged that Joseph Smith allowed Bennett, a medical doctor, to perform abortions on Smith's polygamous wives who were officially single. In a public charge "that was likely true," according to author Andrew Smith, Bennett was accused by many of performing abortions, including Hyrum Smith; Zeruiah Goddard claimed Bennett told Sarah Pratt "that he could cause abortion with perfect safety to the mother at any stage of pregnancy, and that he had frequently destroyed and removed infants before their time to prevent exposure of the parties, and that he had instruments for that purpose." If the women refused, Bennett stated that he came with Joseph's approval. Sarah Pratt herself recounted an incident in which 
Pratt also related her observations of Bennett's work for Joseph Smith to Smith's son Joseph Smith III, 
However, Smith III's own published account differed from Pratt's recollection, 
Opposition to plural marriage and apostasy.
Sarah Pratt ended her marriage to husband Orson Pratt in 1868 because of his "obsession with marrying younger women" and condemned polygamy because: 
Pratt was one of the founders of the Anti-Polygamy Society in Salt Lake City. Pratt lashed out at Orson in an 1877 interview, 
In 1874 she testified for Utah candidate Liberal Robert Baskin, who accused his opponent George Q. Cannon of polygamy and said that his obligation to the Mormon hierarchy was superior to national law.
On her leaving the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, for which she was excommunicated on 4 October 1874, Pratt declared in 1875 that, 
Van Wagoner concludes, "Polygamy made her a radical...By making public Joseph Smith's overtures and resisting what she considered to be collective infidelity, Sarah Pratt was judged a threat to the safety of the Church and considered to have committed apostasy."
Children.
Pratt, who resolved to "rear my children so that they should never espouse the Mormon faith while concealing from my neighbors and the church authorities that I was thus rearing them," had twelve children by husband Orson Pratt:

</doc>
<doc id="18365984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18365984" title="The Maniacal Vale">
The Maniacal Vale

The Maniacal Vale is the fourth studio album by the British funeral doom metal band Esoteric. It was released on June 26, 2008 through Season of Mist records. Engineered, mixed and mastered by Esoteric at Priory Recording Studios. Artwork by Kati Astraeir.

</doc>
<doc id="18366010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366010" title="The Mayor of MacDougal Street">
The Mayor of MacDougal Street

"This article is about the album. "The Mayor of MacDougal Street" is also the title of Dave Van Ronk's memoir
The Mayor of MacDougal Street (subtitled "Rarities 1957-1969") is a compilation album by American folksinger Dave Van Ronk, released in 2005.
History.
"The Mayor of MacDougal Street" contains previously un-released songs and is presented in chronological order. It contains both solo material and songs recorded with session musicians and bands that either backed Van Ronk or he was a member of. It was included with the memoir of the same title before being released as a separate CD. The title refers to MacDougal Street in Greenwich Village.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, critic Steve Leggett wrote of the album "Van Ronk was never a part of the tradition-at-all-costs wing of the folk movement, and he readily embraced the young songwriters of the day, frequently covering their songs, as evidenced by the hushed, nuanced version of Leonard Cohen's "Bird on the Wire" that is included here. A skilled raconteur, Van Ronk had the timing of a jazz hornman, and that timing and his wide-ranging musical interests are everywhere apparent on this lovingly assembled look behind the curtains."

</doc>
<doc id="18366013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366013" title="Canadian High Commissions">
Canadian High Commissions

Canadian High Commissions are Canadian diplomatic missions in Commonwealth states. They are the equivalent of embassies in non-Commonwealth states.

</doc>
<doc id="18366029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366029" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Weihui">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Weihui

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Weihui/Weíhwei/Jixian (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Weihui in the Ecclesiastical province of Kaifeng in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18366075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366075" title="Australasian Association of Philosophy">
Australasian Association of Philosophy

The Australasian Association of Philosophy (AAP), formed in 1922 and, until 1958, known as the "Australasian Association of Psychology and Philosophy", is the main professional organization of academic philosophers in Australasia, New Zealand, and Singapore. The purpose of the association is to promote the study of philosophy in Australasia, as well as coordinate professional activities within Australasia and with philosophers in the rest of the world.
Journal.
The association sponsors the "Australasian Journal of Philosophy (AJP)", which is Australasia's oldest and most respected philosophy journal and is ranked as one of the top ten professional philosophical journals in the world..
Conferences.
The association also sponsors philosophy conferences, prizes and numerous philosophy talks and workshops.
The AAP Conference is held annually by the Australasian Association of Philosophy. Held over six days, this conference is designed to give professional philosophers the opportunity to present and discuss papers in all areas of philosophy. Each year it attracts up to 300 philosophers worldwide.
Prizes.
On an annual basis the Australasian Association of Philosophy awards Media Prizes for the best philosophical piece published in the popular media in Australasia and the AJP Best Paper Award for the best paper published in the Australasian Journal of Philosophy.
New Zealand division.
The New Zealand Division of the Australasian Association of Philosophy (AAPNZ) was formally established in 1978. It is constituted by AAP members who are or have been active in New Zealand philosophy. The NZ Division holds an Annual Conference in early December. The first conference was held at Canterbury University College, Christchurch in 1953
Office bearers.
The association's current president is professor Catriona Mackenzie, of Macquarie University, and Graham Oppy, of Monash University is the current chair.

</doc>
<doc id="18366076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366076" title="Leopold Otto">
Leopold Otto

Pastor Leopold v. Otto also "Leopold Marcin von Otto" (2 November 1819 in Warsaw - 22 September 1882 in Warsaw) was a Lutheran Pastor of the German Community in Warsaw and Poland and a national activist, participant of the patriotic manifestation of 1861 in Warsaw. In 1866–1875 Otto worked in Cieszyn. He published a book about the "Deutsche Evangelische Gemeinde" (German Protestant Community "Zwiastun Ewangeliczny") and also wrote sermons and religious writings.
In theology he was a supporter of Lutheran orthodoxy and starkly rejected liberal theology and rationalistic interpretaion of the Bible.
His second wife was Emilia Izabela Linde (1826–1857), daughter of Samuel Linde, Polish linguist.

</doc>
<doc id="18366087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366087" title="1997 Fiesta Bowl">
1997 Fiesta Bowl

The 1997 Fiesta Bowl may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18366088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366088" title="USS Wacondah (SP-238)">
USS Wacondah (SP-238)

USS "Wacondah" (SP-238) was an advanced-design yacht acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was outfitted as an armed patrol craft assigned to guard the New York City harbor against German submarines and to provide escort protection to commercial ships. Post-war she was sold and continued her maritime career as the yacht "Intercolonial".
A turbine-powered steam yacht.
"Revolution" -- a steel-hulled, screw steam yacht designed by Charles L. Seabury -- was completed in 1901, at Morris Heights, New York, by the Charles L. Seabury Co. and the Gas Engine and Power Co., for mining engineer F. Augustus Heinze. One of the first American turbine-powered steam "express" yachts, "Revolution" was later acquired by Boston, Massachusetts, banker Charles Hayden in 1907 and renamed "Wacondah".
World War I service.
When the United States entered World War I on 6 April 1917, the Navy soon began collecting ships and small craft from civilian owners to serve as auxiliaries and patrol craft. Inspected at the 3d Naval District, "Wacondah" was acquired by the Navy on 24 May 1917. Fitted out for wartime service, "Wacondah" was commissioned on 14 September 1917, Lt. (jg.) Samuel Wainwright, USNRF, in command.
Assigned to protect New York harbor.
By virtue of her light construction—built for speed rather than sea-keeping -- "Wacondah" was restricted to "sheltered waters." Assigned to the 3d Naval District, she operated on local patrol duties out of New York harbor for the duration of the war. 
Post-war decommissioning.
Decommissioned and struck from the Navy list on 21 August 1919, "Wacondah" was sold on 4 June 1920 to the International Steamship and Trading Company and renamed "Intercolonial".

</doc>
<doc id="18366094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366094" title="Beaumont-Hamel Newfoundland Memorial">
Beaumont-Hamel Newfoundland Memorial

The Beaumont-Hamel Newfoundland Memorial is a memorial site in France dedicated to the commemoration of Dominion of Newfoundland forces members who were killed during World War I. The preserved battlefield park encompasses the grounds over which the Newfoundland Regiment made their unsuccessful attack on 1 July 1916 during the first day of the Battle of the Somme.
The Battle of the Somme was the regiment's first major engagement, and during an assault that lasted approximately 30 minutes the regiment was all but wiped out. Purchased in 1921 by the people of Newfoundland, the memorial site is the largest battalion memorial on the Western Front, and the largest area of the Somme battlefield that has been preserved. Along with preserved trench lines, there are a number of memorials and cemeteries contained within the site.
Officially opened by British Field Marshal Earl Haig in 1925, the memorial site is one of only two National Historic Sites of Canada located outside of Canada. (The other is the Canadian National Vimy Memorial). The memorial site and experience of the Newfoundland Regiment at Beaumont-Hamel has come to represent the Newfoundland First World War experience. As a result, it has become a Newfoundland symbol of sacrifice and a source of identity.
Background.
During the First World War, Newfoundland was a largely rural Dominion of the British Empire with a population of 240,000, and not yet part of Canada. The outbreak of the First World War in 1914 led the Government of Newfoundland to recruit a force for service with the British Army. Even though the island had not possessed any formal military organization since 1870, enough men soon volunteered that a whole battalion was formed, and later maintained throughout the war. The regiment trained at various locations in the United Kingdom and increased from an initial contingent of 500 men to full battalion strength of 1,000 men, before being deployed. After a period of acclimatization in Egypt, the regiment was deployed at Suvla Bay on the Gallipoli peninsula with the 29th British Division in support of the Gallipoli Campaign. With the close of the Gallipoli Campaign the regiment spent a short period recuperating before being transferred to the Western Front in March 1916.
Battle of the Somme.
In France, the regiment regained battalion strength in preparation for the Battle of the Somme. The regiment, still with the 29th British Division, went into the line in April 1916 at Beaumont-Hamel. Beaumont-Hamel was situated near the northern end of the 45-kilometre front being assaulted by the joint French and British force. The attack, originally scheduled for 29 June 1916 was postponed by two days to July 1, 1916, partly on account of inclement weather, partly to allow more time for the artillery preparation. The 29th British Division, with its three infantry brigades faced defences manned by experienced troops of the 119th (Reserve) Infantry Regiment of the 26th (Wurttemberg) Reserve Division. The 119th (Reserve) Infantry Regiment had been involved in the invasion of France in August 1914 and had been manning the Beaumont-Hamel section of the line for nearly 20 months prior to the battle. The German troops spending a great deal of their time not only training but fortifying their position, including the construction of numerous deep dugouts and at least two tunnels.
The infantry assault by the 29th British Division on 1 July 1916 was to be preceded ten minutes earlier by a mine explosion under the heavily fortified Hawthorn Ridge Redoubt. The explosion of the 18,000 kilogram (40,000 lb) Hawthorn Mine underneath the German lines successfully destroyed a major enemy strong point but also served to alert the German forces to the imminent attack. Following the explosion, troops of the 119th (Reserve) Infantry Regiment immediately deployed from their dugouts into the firing line, even preventing the British from taking control of the resulting crater as they had planned. When the assault finally began, the troops from the 86th and 87th Brigade of the 29th British Division were quickly stopped. With the exception of the 1st Battalion of the Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers on the right flank, the initial assault foundered in No Man's Land at, or short of, the German barbed wire. At divisional headquarters, Major-General Beauvoir De Lisle and his staff were trying to unravel the numerous and confusing messages coming back from observation posts, contact aircraft and the two leading brigades. There were indications that some troops had broken into and gone beyond the German first line. In an effort to exploit the perceived break in the German line he ordered the 88th Brigade, which was in reserve, to send forward two battalions to support attack.
At 8:45 a.m. the Newfoundland Regiment and 1st Battalion of the Essex Regiment received orders to move forward. The Newfoundland Regiment was situated at St. John's Road, a support trench behind the British forward line and out of sight of the enemy. Movement forward through the communication trenches was not possible because they were congested with dead and wounded men and under shell fire. Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Lovell Hadow, the battalion commander, decided to move immediately into attack formation and advance across the surface, which involved first navigating through the British barbed wire defences. As they breasted the skyline behind the British first line, they were effectively the only troops moving on the battlefield and clearly visible to the German defenders. Subjected to the full force of the 119th (Reserve) Infantry Regiment, most of the Newfoundland Regiment who had started forward were dead, dying or wounded within 15 to 20 minutes of leaving St. John's Road trench. Most reached no further than the Danger Tree, a skeleton of a tree that lay in No Man's Land that was being utilized as a landmark. So far as can be ascertained, 22 officers and 758 other ranks were directly involved in the advance. Of these, all the officers and slightly under 658 other ranks became casualties. Of the 780 men who went forward only about 110 survived unscathed, of whom only 68 were available for roll call the following day. For all intents and purposes the Newfoundland Regiment had been wiped out, the unit as a whole having suffered a casualty rate of approximately 80%. The only unit to suffer greater casualties during the attack was the 10th Battalion of the West Yorkshire Regiment, attacking west of Fricourt village.
The rest of the war.
After July 1916, the Beaumont-Hamel front remained relatively quiet while the Battle of the Somme continued to the south. In the final act in the Somme Offensive, Beaumont-Hamel was assaulted by the 51st (Highland) Division on 13 November 1916 on the opening of the Battle of the Ancre. Within two days, all the 29th Division objectives of 1 July had been taken along with a great many German prisoners. The area of the memorial site then became a rear area with troops lodged in the former German dugouts and a camp was established in the vicinity of the present Y Ravine Cemetery. With the German withdrawal in March 1917 to the Hindenburg Line, about 30 kilometres from Beaumont-Hamel, the battlefield salvage parties moved in, many dugouts were closed off and initial efforts were probably made to restore some of the land to agriculture. However, in March 1918, the German Spring Offensive was here checked on exactly the same battle lines as before. Until the Battle of Amiens and the German withdrawal in late August 1918, the protagonists confronted each other over the same ground, although the only actions were those of routine front line trench raids, patrols and artillery harassment.
History.
In 1921, Newfoundland purchased the ground over which the Newfoundland Regiment made its unsuccessful attack during the first day of the Battle of the Somme. Much of the credit for the establishment of the memorial site is given to Lieutenant Colonel Tom Nangle, the former Roman Catholic Priest of the regiment. As Director of Graves Registration and Enquiry and Newfoundland's representative on the Imperial War Graves Commission he negotiated with some 250 French landowners for the purchase of the site. He also played a leading role in selecting and developing the sites where the Newfoundland memorials currently stand, as well as supervising the construction of each memorial. The memorials, including that at the Beaumont-Hamel Newfoundland Memorial site, were constructed for the Government of Newfoundland between 1924 and 1925.
The Beaumont-Hamel Newfoundland Memorial site was officially opened, and the memorial unveiled, by Field Marshal Earl Haig on 7 June 1925. Since Newfoundland's confederation with Canada in 1949, the Canadian Government, through the Department of Veterans Affairs, has been responsible for the site's maintenance and care. The site had fallen into some disrepair during the German occupation of France in the Second World War and following confederation the replacement of the original site cabin with a modern building as well as some trench restoration work was undertaken in time for the 45th anniversary of the battle. The memorial site was established as one of only two National Historic Sites of Canada located outside of Canada by the then Minister of Canadian Heritage Sheila Copps on 10 April 1997.
The Site.
The Beaumont-Hamel Newfoundland Memorial site is situated 9 kilometres north of Albert, France near the village of Beaumont-Hamel in an area containing numerous cemeteries and memorials related to the Battle of the Somme. The site is one of the few places on the former Western Front where a visitor can see the trench lines of the First World War and the related terrain in a preserved natural state. It is the largest site dedicated to the memory of the Newfoundland Regiment, the largest battalion memorial on the Western Front, and the largest area of the Somme battlefield that has been preserved.
Although the site was founded to honour the memory of the Newfoundland Regiment, it also contains a number of memorials as well as three cemeteries maintained by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission; that of Y Ravine Cemetery, Hawthorn Ridge No. 2 Cemetery and the unusual mass burial site of Hunter's Cemetery. Beyond being a popular location for battlefield tours the site is also an important location in the burgeoning field of First World War battlefield archaeology, because of its preserved and largely undisturbed state. The ever increasing number of visitors to the Memorial has resulted in the authorities taking measures to control access by fencing off certain areas of the former battlefield.
29th Division Memorial.
Near the entrance to site is situated a memorial to the 29th British Division, the division of which the Newfoundland Regiment was a part. Lieutenant-General Beauvoir De Lisle, wartime commander of the 29th British Division, unveiled the monument the morning of the official opening of the site on 7 June 1925. Each wartime unit of the 29th British Division sent a representative to form a guard of honour for the occasion. Afterwards, this detachment, joined by French infantry from Arras formed the honour guard for the unveiling of the Beaumont-Hamel Newfoundland Memorial.
Newfoundland Regiment Memorial.
The memorial is one of six memorials erected by the Government of Newfoundland following the First World War. Five were erected in France and Belgium and the sixth at Bowring Park in St. John's, Newfoundland, Canada. The memorial is a bronze caribou, the emblem of the Royal Newfoundland Regiment, standing atop a cairn of Newfoundland granite facing the former foe with head thrown high in defiance. At the Beaumont-Hamel Newfoundland Memorial site the mound rises approximately from ground level. The mounds are also surrounded by native Newfoundland plants. At the base of the Beaumont-Hamel Newfoundland Memorial mound, three bronze tablets carry the names of 820 members of the Royal Newfoundland Regiment, the Newfoundland Royal Naval Reserve, and the Mercantile Marines who gave their lives in the First World War and have no known grave. The memorial is situated close to the headquarters dugout of the 88th Brigade, the brigade of which the Newfoundland Regiment was a part. Sixteen memorial designs were submitted to Nangle for review. He recommended that the government accept British sculptor Basil Gotto’s plan to erect five identical caribou statues in memory of the regiment. Gotto was already well known in Newfoundland as he had been previously commissioned to execute the statue of the "Fighting Newfoundlander" located in Bowring Park. The landscape architect who designed the sites and supervised their construction, was Rudolph Cochius, a native of the Netherlands living in St. John's. It was decided to plant many of Newfoundland’s native tree species, such as spruce, dogberry and juniper, along the boundaries of the site. In total, over 5,000 trees were transplanted before the project was completed in 1925. The memorial was unveiled at the official opening of the site by Field Marshal Earl Haig on 7 June 1925. Those that participated or were present included Chief of the French General Staff, Marshal of France Marie Émile Fayolle, Newfoundland Colonial Secretary John Bennett, Lieutenant Generals Aylmer Hunter-Weston and Beauvoir De Lisle, Major-General D. E. Cayley and former regimental commanding officers Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Lovell and Adolph Ernest Bernard.
51st Division Monument.
Overlooking Y Ravine is the memorial to 51st (Highland) Division. The ground originally donated by the commune of Beaumont-Hamel to the Veterans of the 51st Division was found to be unstable because of the many dugouts beneath it. Lieutenant Colonel Nangle offered a location overlooking Y Ravine within the Beaumont-Hamel Newfoundland Memorial site. The Y ravine had been the scene of fierce fighting for the division on 13 November 1916. The selected sculptor for the 51st Division Monument was George Henry Paulin. The base of the monument consists of rough blocks of Rubislaw granite which were produced by Garden & Co. in Aberdeen, Scotland, and are assembled in a pyramid form. Company Sergeant Major Bob Rowan of the Glasgow Highlanders was used as the model for the kilted figure atop the memorial. The figure faces east towards the village of Beaumont-Hamel. On the front is a plaque inscribed in Gaelic: which in English translates as "Friends are good on the day of battle". The 51st Division Monument was unveiled on 28 September 1924 by Marshal of France Ferdinand Foch, the former Allied Supreme Commander. The memorial was rededicated on 13 July 1958, the front panel now referring to not only those who died during the First World War but the Second as well. A wooden Celtic cross directly across the track from the memorial was originally sited at High Wood and subsequently moved to the Newfoundland site. The cross commemorates the men of the 51st Highland Division who fell at High Wood in July 1916.
Danger Tree.
The Danger Tree had been part of a clump of trees located about halfway into No Man's Land and had originally been used as a landmark by a Newfoundland Regiment trench raiding party in the days before the Battle of the Somme. British and German artillery bombardments eventually stripped the tree of leaves and left nothing more than a shattered tree trunk. During the Newfoundland Regiment's infantry assault, the tree was once again used as a landmark, where the troops were ordered to gather. The tree was however a highly visible landmark for the German artillery and the site proved to be a location where the German shrapnel was particularly deadly. As a result the regiment suffered a large concentration of casualties around the tree. A replica representation of the twisted tree now stands at the spot.
Visitors Centre.
There is a Visitors' Centre which exhibits the historical and social circumstances of Newfoundland at the beginning of the 20th century and traces the history of the Royal Newfoundland Regiment and some of its personalities. A Memorial room within the Centre houses a copy of the Newfoundland Book of Remembrance, along with a bronze plaque listing the Battle Honours won by the Royal Newfoundland Regiment. The centre also incorporates the administrative offices and site archive. Canadian student guides based at the site are available to provide guided tours or explain particular facets of the battlefield and the Newfoundland involvement.
Influence on Newfoundland.
The significance of the events at Beaumont-Hamel on the first day of the Battle of the Somme was perhaps most strongly felt by the Dominion of Newfoundland, as it was the first great conflict experienced by that dominion. Newfoundland was left with a sense of loss that marked an entire generation. The effects on the post-war generation were compounded by chronic financial problems caused both by Newfoundland's large debt from the war, and a prolonged post-war economic recession due to a decline in the fisheries.
Lasting impressions of the war experience are ever-prevalent on the island. In Canada, 1 July is celebrated as Canada Day, in recognition of Canadian confederation. In the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador the date is Memorial Day, in remembrance of the Newfoundland Regiment's losses at Beaumont-Hamel. Memorial University College, now Memorial University of Newfoundland, was originally established as a memorial to Newfoundlanders who had lost their lives in active service during the First World War. Lastly, the six caribou memorials and the National War Memorial erected following the First World War, and the establishment of the preserved battlefield park at Beaumont-Hamel which is visited by thousands of tourist a year. The Beaumont-Hamel Newfoundland Memorial site also serves an informal ambassadorial function, educating visitors not only about the experience of the Newfoundland Regiment but also regarding the history of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="18366102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366102" title="Fortifications of Vauban">
Fortifications of Vauban

Fortifications of Vauban consists of 12 groups of fortified buildings and sites along the western, northern and eastern borders of France. They were designed by Vauban (1633–1707), and were added in 2008 to the list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
Numerous other places were fortified by Vauban (see main article for details).
List of sites.
Two sites initially considered were removed from the final list:

</doc>
<doc id="18366144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366144" title="Helen's Tower">
Helen's Tower

Helen's Tower lies in the woods of the Clandeboye Estate in Bangor, Northern Ireland. The tower was commissioned by Lord Dufferin of Clandeboye, designed by Scottish architect William Burn and completed in October 1861. The tower was named in honour of Dufferin's mother, Helen Selina Blackwood, the Lady Dufferin.
A close replica of Helen's Tower, the Ulster Tower, was built at Thiepval in 1921 to honour the men of the 36th (Ulster) Division who fell at the Battle of the Somme. Clandeboye Estate was used for army training by the 36th (Ulster) Division during the First World War.
At least two poems have been written with Helen's Tower as the subject; one by Alfred, Lord Tennyson, and the other by Robert Browning. A verse from Lord Tennyson's poem "Helen's Tower" is reproduced below:
<poem>
Helen's Tower, here I stand,
Dominant over sea and land.
Son’s love built me, and I hold
Mother’s love in letter’d gold.
Love is in and out of time,
I am mortal stone and lime.
Would my granite girth were strong
As either love, to last as long
I should wear my crown entire
To and thro’ the Doomsday fire,
And be found of angel eyes
In earth’s recurring Paradise.
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="18366152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366152" title="Budapest Quartet (1886)">
Budapest Quartet (1886)

The Budapest Quartet was a string quartet established in Budapest, Hungary in 1886 by Jenő Hubay and David Popper.
Johannes Brahms performed with the quartet and thought it was the best he had heard.
This quartet went under a variety of names. Outside Hungary, it was usually called "Quartet Hubay-Popper". Within Hungary it was called "Hungarian Quartet" or "Budapest Quartet". This was because Hungarians were fiercely patriotic. 
They performed for twenty-seven years.
Composition.
The quartet's initial composition was:
Elderling left the quartet soon. Violist from 1898 was Gustav Szermy.

</doc>
<doc id="18366158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366158" title="Cockburn's Port House">
Cockburn's Port House

Cockburn’s Port ( ) is a port producer in Portugal. 
It started as a family-owned business and went through 48 years of ownership by various large corporations before returning to private family ownership in 2010 as part of Symington Family Estates.
History.
Cockburn’s was set up by Scotsman Robert Cockburn in 1815, who returned to Portugal after first visiting the country as a soldier fighting under Wellington in the Napoleonic Wars. It became a major brand of port in the 19th and 20th centuries.
Cockburn’s is the leading brand of port in the UK, which is the world’s largest premium port market.
In 1962, the company ceased to be a family-owned business when it was sold to Harvey’s of Bristol, which itself then became part of Allied Domecq until 2005, when Allied Domecq was taken over by Pernod Ricard, which sold Cockburn's and some other brands to the Fortune Brands holding company (the parent company of Beam Global). In 2010 Cockburn's was sold to Symington Family Estates, a family-owned business that owns over 2,300 acres of vineyards in the Douro valley (by far the largest vineyard holding in this wine region).

</doc>
<doc id="18366167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366167" title="Takeda Ryu Nakamura Ha">
Takeda Ryu Nakamura Ha

Takeda Ryu Nakamura Ha (literally, "the Nakamura descendant of the Takeda school") is a gendai (modern) martial art developed by Nakamura Hisashi in the mid to late 20th century. 
__TOC__
Takeda Ryu history.
The genyōsha (society of the Dark Ocean) was originally founded by Hiraoka Kotarō (1851–1906) and Toyama Mitsuru (1855–1944), and other former samurai of the Fukuoka domain as the "Koyōsha", it agitated for a return to the old feudal order with special privileges and government stipends for the samurai class. The Koyōsha participated in the various ex-samurai uprising against the early Meiji government.
In 1881, the Koyōsha changed its direction. This time, the declared aims of the Genyōsha were honorable and noble: "to honor the Imperial Family, respect the Empire" and "to guard the rights of the people". However the real aim of genyōsha was the expansion of Japan.
The first head martial arts teacher of the Genyosha dojo was Takeda Tadakatsu (descendant of Takeda Shingen's father, Takeda Nobutora), and 41st generation of Takeda. In consequence, the martial arts taught at the Genyosha dojo were: Aiki no Jutsu and Ju Jutsu from the Takeda Family, Ken Jutsu (Shinto Ryu), Jo Jutsu (Muso Shinto Ryu, Uchida Ryu), Tessen Jutsu (variation of Ikkaku Ryu jutte jutsu & Isshin Ryu Kusarigama Jutsu).
At Takeda Tadakatsu's death, Nakamura Aikisai Okichi (born Nakamura Yoshitoshi) received the Takeda's Makimono and became the 2nd head martial art teacher of the Genyosha dojo. In 1935, Oba Ichio (Oba Sachiyuki), sponsored by Toyama Mitsuru, became the 3rd head teacher of the Genyosha in Fukuoka prefecture.
After the end of the War and Toyama's death Oba opened the Dojo (1948) to general public and called its teaching "Takeda Ryu". The ryu was established on the basis of several schools in which Oba Ichio had a menkyo kaiden (Takeda family's aiki no jutsu and ju jutsu, Muso Shinto ryu, Kukishin ryu). He was also involved in the Zen Nihon Butoku Kai (formerly Dai Nippon Butoku Kai) in 1930's and he established the Nihon Budo Renren in 1950s.
Takeda Ryu Nakamura-Ha history.
Nakamura Hisashi born the 18th March 1932 in Nagano and went in his aunt home in 1949. He entered in 1950 the Yamagura Dojo of Oba that had been opened to general public for one year. The arts thought by Oba where: Aiki no Jutsu, Ju Jutsu Kenpo, Ken Jutsu, Batto Jutsu, Jo Jutsu, Shugi Jutsu and Shuriken Jutsu.
In 1953 Nakamura Hisashi was accepted as uchi deshi. In 1956, Nakamura Hisashi went to Tokyo to help Oba in the Seibuden dojo in replacement of Moritomo Kazuo.
Oba died in 1959, and appointed Moritomo Kazuo as successor. Moritomo declined the position and appointed Nakamura Hisashi as the next Soke.
Nakamura developed a new way of teaching Aiki no jutsu and called it Aikido (not to be confused with the more common aikido of Morihei Ueshiba).
In 1961, Nakamura established the first Aikido dojo at Rikkyo University (Tokyo) and, in 1962, the second Aikido dojo at Nihon University. In 1963 he established the Japanese Federation for Aikido (Nihon Aikido Renmei). Nakamura believed that randori (free exercises) and shiai (competition) were able to increase physical and mental strength. He organized the first All Japan Aikido Championship (Aiki Yusho Taikai). In 1970, Nakamura changed the name of its organization from Nihon Aikido Renmei to Nihon Sobudo Rengokai. In 1978, Nakamura registered its way of teaching and its budo system as Takeda Ryu Nakamura-Ha.
In 1990, Morimoto Kazuo died, leaving Nakamura as the last teacher of Koryu do Takeda Ryu Bujutsu.
Nowadays, Takeda Ryu Nakamura Ha is taught in Japan by Nihon Sobudo Rengokai (NSR) and Worldwide through the International Sobudo Federation which includes but is not limited to :
all under the lead of Nakamura. In Europe, several other groups have split from the original line: Maroto Ha, Kobilza Ha.
Takeda Ryu Nakamura Ha Sobudo.
Seven disciplines are taught inside the Takeda Ryu Nakamura Ha Sobudo. These disciplines are Aikido, Jukenpo, Iaidō, Jōdō, Shugijutsu, Tachikendo and Shurikenjutsu.
Techniques are divided in kihon waza (basic techniques), henka waza (variations) and koryū waza (old techniques). The school uses competitions (shiai) and randori as a way of teaching, it is the only way to be close to the true fighting situation. In aikido, the shiai and the randori exist in two different forms. The first one is called "sogo" and the second "tori waza".
In Japanese, "sogo" means integrated. In this form of practice, opponents wear a leather glove (uchi kote) on ONE hand and hit freely with that hand. They are also allowed to throw and to lock. The tori waza is a technical match where opponents take alternatively the role of uke and tori.
Ranking System.
There are two ranking systems in Takeda Ryu Nakamura Ha Sobudo, "Kyudaho System" and "Menkyo System".
Kyudaho System (Kyu/Dan ranks).
This ranking system uses colored belts and Dan (rank) black belts.
Menkyo System.
The Menkyo is not a rank, it is a teaching licence delivered by Nakamura to individuals.
Danshinsa (examinations).
Every discipline has particular rules for examination but there are always two steps :

</doc>
<doc id="18366169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366169" title="Frédéric Lornet">
Frédéric Lornet

Frédéric Lornet is a wine producer who owns and runs the Abbaye de la Boutière in Montigny-lès-Arsures; a small village just outside of Arbois in the Franche-Comté / Jura region of France.
History.
Arbois, childhood home to Louis Pasteur, has for centuries been the wine capital of the Jura. As the name Abbaye de la Boutière indicates, the winery was established near Arbois in a hoary Roman Catholic Cistercian (White Monk) abbaye.
The Jura is an eastern French winemaking region located between Burgundy and Switzerland - and its location has meant that some unique grape varieties (e.g. the white Savagnin and the reds Poulsard and Trousseau that are used to create highly unusual and rare wines.
Frédéric Lornet has been working with this palette and other grape types to make classic versions of French wine using Pinot noir and Chardonnay grapes. One of the rarest wines made at Abbaye de la Boutière is called vin jaune ("Yellow Wine"), which is made from the Savagnin grape (also known locally as "Naturé"). Abbaye de la Boutière also makes two Blanc de Blanc sparkling wines: "Cremant du Jura" and "Crémant du Jura Rosé". It also makes pure Savagnin wine and a Ploussard named "L’Abbaye" after the ancient Cistercian abbey where they are made. Moreover, Lornet makes a wine from the rare Trousseau grape he calls "Trousseau des Dames", a unique Vin de Paille and some Macvin.
The common Appellations to all the Abbaye de la Boutière wines are: Côtes du Jura, Côtes du Jura Mousseux and a Crémant du Jura along with more localized Appellation such as : Arbois, Arbois Pupillin, Château Châlon, L'Etoile, Macvin and Vin de paille (straw wine). 

</doc>
<doc id="18366188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366188" title="Beluch">
Beluch

Beluch or the Baloch of Turkmenistan are a small part of the greater Baloch people who live primarily in Pakistan, Iran and Afghanistan. They immigrated into the Merv and the Murghab River inland delta from the areas west and north of Herat, Afghanistan and Iran in the mid 19th century. More followed in the early 20th century and closure of the Russian/Soviet borders under Stalin in 1925.
The Mervi Beluch are closely related to those Baloch in Afghanistan and Iran who live nearly the modern borders of Turkmenistan. Today they are the only Iranian people remaining in the Merv Oasia, after the ancient Persian population of the area was deported on mass to Bukhara and Samarkand by the Manghit emir, Shah Murad in the late 1780s. Their fault being their Shia religion. Except for these Baloch, the entire ancient oasis is now Turkified, with the Turkmens forming a vast majority of the population.
Most of the Baloch, however, are losing their linguistic identity, speaking the official language of Turkmenisan, Turkmeni or Russian. A few, however, continue to speak Balochi (and even some Brahui language).
In 1926 the Baluch of Merv Oasis numbered 9,974. Their numbers fell to 7,842 in the official statistics by 1959 but then rose to 12,582 by 1970 and 18,997 by 1979.
The Beluch are Sunni Hanafi Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="18366190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366190" title="Look Sharp Live">
Look Sharp Live

Look Sharp Live is a concert video, mixed with music videos, by the Swedish pop duo Roxette, released on VHS in October 1989. It features footage from a concert at Borgholm Castle in Borgholm, Sweden 1989. Most of the shots were done by a Swedish and American crew. Two choppers were lent by the Swedish Air Force and Swedish media for aerial shots.

</doc>
<doc id="18366197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366197" title="Dennis Davis (climber)">
Dennis Davis (climber)

Dennis Davis is a British mountaineer, who along with Sherpa Tashi completed the first ascent of Nuptse on 16 May 1961.
See also.
http://www.climbers-club.co.uk/journal/original/1962%20Journal-p306-312.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="18366198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366198" title="Abderrachid Boukerzaza">
Abderrachid Boukerzaza

Abderrachid Boukerzaza (born April 19, 1955) in Chahna, Algeria, is Minister of Communication in Algeria. He was selected by Abdelaziz Bouteflika who appointed seven new government ministers. They replaced individuals who are closely associated with former Algerian prime minister, Ali Benflis, Bouteflika's rival.
Education and previous occupations.
Boukerzaza earned a B.S. in Physics Chemistry at the University of Constantine in June 1978. In 1982 he obtained an advanced degree in chemistry
from the same institution. He was a professor at the University of Constantine from 1977 "-" 1986. 
He served as secretary general of the UNJA from 1986 "-" 1999, was a member of the central committee of the FLN from 1986 "-" 1998,
and a deputy with the national popular parliament 1997 "-" 2002. Boukerzaza is a former minister of territorial development & environment 
in charge of city.

</doc>
<doc id="18366251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366251" title="Seán Herbert">
Seán Herbert

Seán Herbert (born 1923 in Ahane, County Limerick) is a retired Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Ahane and with the Limerick senior inter-county team from 1942 until 1953. Herbert is regarded as one of the greatest players never to have won an All-Ireland medal.
Playing career.
Club.
Herbert played his club hurling with the famous Ahane club in Limerick and enjoyed much success. He won his first senior county title in 1942 in the company of the legendary Mick Mackey. It was the first of seven county championship victories in-a-row for Herbert and his club. He won an eighth county medal in 1955.
Inter-county.
Herbert’s performances with his club brought him to the attention of the Limerick selectors. He made his senior debut for the team in 1942, however, Limerick hurling was in the doldrums at the time.
Two years later in 1944 Herbert lined out in his first Munster final. Cork, a team attempting to capture a fourth successive All-Ireland title, provided the opposition. The game was an exciting one with thousands of people walking to the match in Thurles as a result of war-time travel restrictions. The spectators were not disappointed, however, the game ended in a draw – Cork 4-13, Limerick 6-7. The replay was just as exciting; however, Cork took a victory on that occasion.
In 1945 Herbert played in his second Munster final. Tipperary were the opponents on that occasion, however, for the second time he ended up on the losing side. Tipp claimed the victory by 4-3 to 2-6.
The year 1946 saw Herbert play in a third provincial decider. Cork, the victors at the same stage two years earlier, provided the opposition once again. Limerick, however, had defeated All-Ireland champions Tipperary in the Munster semi-final and looked a good bet to take the title. Cork had other ideas and easily won the game by 3-8 to 1-3.
In 1947, Herbert tasted his only success with the Limerick team as he captured a National Hurling League medal. Once again his side reached the Muster final as the All-Ireland champions Cork played the League champions. The game was a close affair, however, for the fourth year in-a-row Limerick were defeated.
Two years later in 1949 Herbert was back in his fifth Munster final. Once again it looked as if Limerick might claim the victory. Tipperary were the opponents on this occasion and it was that team that claimed a 1-16 to 2-10 victory. This was Herbert’s last big occasion with Limerick. He continued playing with his county until 1953.
Provincial.
Herbert also lined out with Munster in the inter-provincial hurling competition. He captured his first Railway Cup title in 1946 as Munster defeated Ulster. Herbert captured further Railway Cup medals in 1948, 1949, 1952 and 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="18366252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366252" title="Willy Vanden Berghen">
Willy Vanden Berghen

Willy Vanden Berghen (born 3 July 1939) is a retired Belgian professional road bicycle racer. In 1960 he won two bronze medals in the road race, at the amateur world championships and Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18366265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366265" title="Middle East Partnership Initiative">
Middle East Partnership Initiative

The U.S.-Middle East Partnership Initiative (MEPI) is a U.S. State Department program that supports organizations and individuals in their efforts to promote political, economic, and social reform in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA). 
MEPI provides direct support to both international and MENA-based NGOs, educational institutions, local governments and private businesses to implement projects designed to directly engage and invest in the people of the MENA region. Through these partnerships, MEPI helps build the capacity of those that serve as the region’s most successful agents of change - local civil society and business leaders, activists, scholars, students, and lawmakers.
MEPI-supported projects cover a wide range of topics from voter education programs in Egypt, judicial reform seminars in the Persian Gulf, women’s literacy campaigns in Yemen, and a region-wide partnership program between U.S. and Middle Eastern universities. Two of MEPI’s most prominent programs are its annual Student Leaders program that brings students from all over the region to participate in a summer-long seminar, and its Middle East Entrepreneur Training program, which assists aspiring young business and civil society leaders.
MEPI’s budget has been steadily increasing. After initially receiving $29 million, its budget in FY2005 was $75 million. As of 2009, MEPI has granted roughly $530 million to over 600 projects in 17 different countries, including the Palestinian Territories. In support of this Bush Administration's signature program, President Obama continued his support for MEPI and received a requested increase of $86 million from Congress targeted towards the Governing Justly and Democratically (GJD) objective. This program develops civil society in key locations in volatile regions covered by the State Department's Bureau of Near East Affairs(NEA).
History.
U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell, serving under President George W. Bush, announced the creation of MEPI in a December 2002 speech at the Heritage Foundation in Washington, DC, declaring that the goal of MEPI was to create “a long-term prospect” for reform, “not something that is going to be done in one year or five years.”. MEPI was designed to target areas not served by USAID, the United States’ main foreign aid and development program. Initially dependent on USAID in support of its mission, MEPI has come into its own and targets short-term programs addressing political change in order for USAID longer-term development programs to be successful.
In 2002, Elizabeth Cheney, known as Liz, and daughter of Vice-President Dick Cheney, was appointed U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary for Near Eastern Affairs and tasked with supervising MEPI. Cheney explained that under MEPI, the US administration funded programs as diverse as training Arab journalists to revising current teaching methods from rote learning to more child-oriented teaching methods. Additionally, MEPI supported countries seeking to sign Free Trade Agreements with the United States to meet President Bush’s goal to establish a joint Middle East Free Trade zone by 2013.
In March 2003, William Joseph Burns, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, U.S. Department of State, and Wendy Chamberlin, Assistant Administrator for Asia and the Near East, U.S. Agency for International Development, testified before the House Subcommittee on the Middle East and Central Asia on the operational aspects of MEPI and how they reflected U.S policy of the War on Terrorism. Rep. Steve Chabot, R- OH and Rep. William Janklow, R-SD, questioned how reforms would be enacted to deal with textbooks that taught Arab children “anti-Jewish sentiment” and “racist” hatred. Burns responded that “detoxification” would be encouraged by MEPI, particularly in the Palestinian school system. Chamberlin stated that USAID would attempt to address this through teacher training programs. A February 2, 2010, article in the Jerusalem Post reported that a UK watchdog group, The Taxpayer's Alliance, has tracked European taxpayer-funded aid to the Palestinians. In recently released reports, the Alliance found that anti-Semitic and anti-Israel narratives continue to persist in Palestinian textbooks in violation of the 1994 Oslo Accords.
In a November 2003 speech given at the National Endowment for Democracy,also known as the NED, President Bush stressed the need to spread democracy to the Arab and Muslim-majority countries of the Middle East to address the deficits of freedom. Carl Gershman, president of the NED, in his remarks delivered at the December 12, 2003 Conference on Mideast Regional Security V, reinforced President Bush’s words with his own, “By any category that is meaningful in the world today, there is only one set of countries that is completely undemocratic: the Arab world.” Mr. Gershman stated further that “democracy will not come about if people dwell on the past or are obsessed with blame-placing, but only if they seek practical solutions to real problems. If this is true, it follows that a change in political culture – replacing attitudes of victimization with a readiness to engage in self-criticism and to take responsibility for one’s own fate – can only come from within the Arab world.” MEPI’s original mandate was to address four deficits in the Arab world identified by the 2002 Arab Human Development Report—deficits in political freedom, economic freedom, knowledge, and women's rights. In that same U.N. report, Arab scholars wrote that a choice had to be made between ‘inertia… an Arab renaissance that will build a prosperous future for all Arabs.” 
Today, MEPI’s programs increase the capacity of civil society organizations in the region to advance political participation, foster economic reform, support quality education, and empower women and youth in the Middle East and North Africa, areas identified as critical by President Barack Obama in his June 4, 2009 speech at Cairo University. MEPI advances the cause of democracy and women’s rights in the Middle East by promoting female literacy and health programs, as well as business and political training. MEPI can serve as a model for women’s advocacy programs globally. This U.S. foreign policy, in turn, encourages economic growth, thereby contributing towards the development of democratic institutions and countering extremism. These reforms were accelerated by the Obama administration after the Arab Spring/ Arab awakening in light of the 2011 revolutions.
Organization.
MEPI is located within the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs in the U.S. State Department. In addition to its Washington, D.C. headquarters, MEPI has regional offices in the MENA region.
Public diplomacy.
Soft power, a phrase coined by political theorist and author, Joseph S. Nye, Jr., is used as a complement to America's military strength, or hard power, in a post 9-11 world. Nye believes that by incorporating soft power in U.S. national strategy, America is able to utilize "the ability to get what you want through attraction rather than coercion or payments. It arises from the attractiveness of a country's culture, political ideals, and policies. When our policies are seen as legitimate in the eyes of others, our soft power is enhanced.".
In a June 2007 article for The Stanley Foundation, Francis Fukuyama and Michael McFaul endorsed American soft power as a means to implement democracy in foreign policy, “The war in Iraq has fostered the false impression that military force is the only instrument of regime change, when in fact it is the rarest used and least effective way to promote democratic change abroad. A wiser, more effective, and more sustainable strategy must emphasize nonmilitary tools aimed at changing the balance of power between democratic forces and autocratic rulers and, only after there has been progress toward democracy, building liberal institutions.”
Foreign policy.
MEPI’s gradual, “bottom-up” public diplomacy approach is a process to create conditions where the pressure for change will come from Arabs themselves. A rapid transition to democracy risks destabilizing autocratic regimes and unintentionally empowering anti-U.S. Islamists who would exploit their position to oppose the existing regime. Critics of this rationalization have suggested that autocrats in some cases, like Egypt, inflate those fears as a way to maintain their power.
MEPI's small grant programs are part of routine embassy efforts by U.S. political officers to connect with activists in the region to further effect democratic reform and support human rights. In 2008, MEPI issued a grant to the Maccabim program, a community service project serving inner-city, at-risk youth in the impoverished Israeli Arab neighborhood of Lod, Israel. The program, endorsed by the Lod Municipality, provides soccer training, warm meals, tutoring, and counseling for neighborhood children. Asaf Toledano, Maccabim Program Director, noted that since the area had been plagued by violence and drug dealers, the Tel Aviv police department approached Maccabim to establish the community service project in 2005. Today the program includes 225 children, 3 schools and a staff of 30, including soccer coaches and coordinator. The U.S. Embassy’s Deputy Chief of Mission, Luis G. Moreno, praised the program at a 2009 festive soccer match between the police department and neighborhood teams.
One of MEPI’s pillars is women’s empowerment. In a March 13, 2010, U.N. speech, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told an international women’s conference of more than 2,000 women activists, “The subjugation of women is a direct threat to the security of the United States. The status of the world’s women is not only a matter of justice. It is also a political, economic, and social imperative.” Secretary Clinton stated that this principle was at the heart of U.S. foreign policy.
On September 25, 2009, the State Department announced a pilot program where MEPI will be soliciting proposals from five organizations that will be awarded between $500,000 and $2.5 million for the expansion of social network technologies for new media capabilities in the Middle East. As part of Secretary of State Clinton's efforts to connect young people in closed socieities for greater involvement in civic participation and open political discussions online, she stated, "We stand for a single internet where all of humanity has equal access to knowledge and ideas."
In the War of ideas, there are risks to online activism in authoritarian regimes because countries that receive U.S. aid, like Egypt, have detained and jailed the bloggers and online activists like Ahmed Maher, who try to hold their government accountable. Expectations about how effective social networking is in encouraging political change is part of the global conversation the State Department is promoting. Although global connectivity can be dangerous for activists in closed societies, the most significant change is in the realm of public sphere bloggers who write about social issues that change their expectations about the societies where they live. MEPI's investment in promoting greater connectivity in the Middle East can shift the status quo through this more sophisticated, long-lasting approach supporting activists in authoritarian regimes.
Critics.
Critics have charged that MEPI hinders reform by working too closely within the limitations set by the Arab governments in the regions it serves. MEPI has addressed these concerns through its small grants programs shifting away from Arab government agencies to work directly with civil society activists.
MEPI critics in the Arab world saw the initiative as the U.S. means to impose reforms on the Middle East following 9-11 and complained that the Israeli occupation of the Palestinian Arab territories and the U.S. occupation in Iraq needed to be resolved before reforms could be introduced. Liz Cheney refuted those critics by stating that the U.S. administration believed without reform, the region would continue to generate “ideologies of hate and violence.” Cheney believed that reforms as well as resolutions to regional issues could occur concurrently. Economic and political reforms would have an impact on molding the future of the Middle East. Cheney offered that court systems needed to be reformed in order to instill investor confidence in the region.
Although there is increasing debate over the need for Arab countries to reform politically and economically, most of these Arab countries are suspicious when such reform is called for by the U.S. government. Thomas Carothers, an authority on democracy promotion at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, suggested in February 2005, that MEPI should be reestablished as the Middle East Foundation (MEF), a private foundation that would be eligible for funding in a line-item grant in the foreign affairs account of the federal budget. If freed from the constraints of an aid program affiliated with the State Department, Carothers argued, such a foundation would enjoy the autonomy necessary to develop political reform projects that would be viewed as separate from the U.S. government. Moreover, it would be more likely that MEPI would increase the possibility of attracting funding from sources outside the U.S. government.

</doc>
<doc id="18366271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366271" title="Nick Jonas">
Nick Jonas

Nicholas Jerry "Nick" Jonas (born September 16, 1992) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, actor and multi-instrumentalist, best known as one of the Jonas Brothers, a pop-rock band he formed with his brothers Kevin and Joe. The Jonas Brothers originally started as an attempted solo singing career for Nick, but the record producer liked the sound when his brothers sang backup for him. Nick previously starred in the Disney Channel original series "JONAS L.A." as Nick Lucas, alongside his brothers. He also starred in the Disney Channel original movie "Camp Rock" and "". He formed the band Nick Jonas & The Administration, which released its first album in 2010.
Early life.
Jonas was born in Dallas, Texas. His mother, Denise (née Miller), is a former sign language teacher and singer, and his father, Paul Kevin Jonas, Sr., is a songwriter, musician, and former ordained minister at an Assemblies of God church. He was raised in Wyckoff, New Jersey and homeschooled by his mother. Nick is of Italian (from a great-grandfather), German, English, Irish, Scottish, Cherokee, and French-Canadian descent.
He has two older brothers, Kevin (born 1987), Joe (born 1989) and a younger brother, Frankie (born 2000). He has one niece named, Alena Rose, who was born on February 2, 2014.
Career.
Career beginnings: 2000–2005.
Jonas's career started when he was discovered at the age of six in a barber shop, while his mother was getting her hair cut and was referred to a professional show business manager. At the age of 7, he began performing on Broadway. He had acted in several plays, including "A Christmas Carol" (in 2000 as Tiny Tim and Scrooge at eight), "Annie Get Your Gun" (in 2001 as Little Jake), "Beauty and the Beast" (in 2002 as Chip), and "Les Misérables" (in 2003 as Gavroche). After "Les Misérables" closed, he performed in "The Sound of Music" (as Kurt) at the Paper Mill Playhouse.
In 2002, while performing in "Beauty and the Beast", Jonas wrote a song with his father called "Joy to the World (A Christmas Prayer)." With background vocals from the "Beauty and the Beast" cast, Nick recorded the song on the 2002 annual Broadway "Equity Fights AIDS" album, "Broadway's Greatest Gifts: Carols for a Cure, Vol. 4". In November 2003, INO Records received a demo copy of "Joy to the World (A Christmas Prayer)". The label released the song to Christian radio, where it quickly became popular on Record & Radio's Christian Adult Contemporary Chart.
By September 2004, an executive at Columbia Records discovered Jonas' song. He was soon jointly signed to INO Records and Columbia Records and released the single "Dear God". A second single, "Joy to the World (A Christmas Prayer)" (a re-recorded version), was released on November 16. It was supposed to be followed by a December release of a self-titled solo album "Nicholas Jonas", but the album was pushed back. It did, however, get a limited release. Nick, along with his brothers, Kevin and Joe, co-wrote songs for the album. In early 2005, Columbia Records' new president, Steve Greenberg, heard Jonas' record. While Greenberg did not like the album, he did like Nick's voice.
Jonas Brothers: 2005–2010.
After meeting with Jonas and hearing the song, "Please Be Mine", written and performed by the brothers, Daylight/Columbia Records decided to sign the three as a group act. After being signed to Columbia, the brothers considered naming their group "Sons of Jonas" before settling on the name "Jonas Brothers." "It's About Time", the brothers' first album was released on August 8, 2006. According to the band's manager, it was only a "limited release" of a little over 50,000 copies. Because Sony was not interested in further promoting the band, the Jonas Brothers considered switching labels. The band was ultimately dropped by Columbia Records in early 2007.
After shortly being without a label, the Jonas Brothers signed with Hollywood Records in February 2007. Around the same time, brothers began appearing in commercials for Baby Bottle Pops, singing the jingle. Their self-titled second album, "Jonas Brothers", was released on August 7, 2007. It reached number five on the "Billboard" 200 chart in its first week. It has since sold over three million copies worldwide. On August 17, 2007, Jonas, along with his brothers, guest starred in an episode of "Hannah Montana", which aired after the premiere of "High School Musical 2" and the Disney Channel show "Phineas and Ferb". The episode broke basic cable records with a record 10.7 million viewers and became basic cable's most watched series telecast ever.
The reality short series, "", premiered on Disney Channel on May 16, 2008. The show, which ran until September 5, 2008, documents the brothers' lives on the Look Me in the Eyes Tour. The name was inspired by the band's hit song "When You Look Me in the Eyes". The series was renewed for a second season, which premiered on March 21, 2010. The second season follows the band on the European leg of their World Tour 2009. Jonas and his brothers filmed a Disney Channel Original Movie called "Camp Rock" where they play a band called "Connect Three." Joe plays the lead male role as lead singer "Shane Gray"; Nick plays the role of "Nate," a guitarist; and Kevin plays the role of "Jason," also a guitarist. A soundtrack for the movie was released on June 17, 2008. The movie premiered on June 20, 2008, in the USA on Disney Channel, and Canada on Family. Production began on the sequel, in September 2009 and it premiered during the summer of 2010.
The Jonas Brothers' third studio album, "A Little Bit Longer", was released in the United States on August 12, 2008. It sold over 2 million copies worldwide. The Jonas Brothers were listed number 9 on the richest pop acts of 2008. Jonas and his brothers starred in the Disney Channel Original Series "JONAS" about a pop band trying to live a normal life, which premiered May 2, 2009 and concluded on March 14, 2010. Filming for the second season began in February 2010. The second season was renamed "Jonas L.A.", and premiered on June 20, 2010. On November 8, 2010, it was announced that the series had been cancelled. The Jonas Brothers' fourth studio album, "Lines, Vines and Trying Times", was released in the United States in June 2009.
Solo projects: 2010–2012.
Jonas' side project from the Jonas Brothers called Nick Jonas & the Administration released their debut album "Who I Am" was released February 2, 2010. In January 2010, Jonas embarked on the Who I Am Tour with the Administration. The tour consisted of 22 dates that began on January 2, 2010, in Dallas, Texas and concluded on January 30, 2010, in Berkeley, California. Jonas also toured with his brothers again in 2010. In September 2011 and October 2011, Nick Jonas & The Administration began touring through South America in support of their debut album, "Who I Am".
On June 21, 2010, Jonas made his West End debut performing in "Les Misérables" for the second time, but this time as the role of Marius Pontmercy. Jonas was originally supposed to play the role for only three weeks, but was able to extend his run until July 24, 2010, because of changes in the Jonas Brothers tour schedule. He also appeared in the 25th Anniversary Concert at The O2 Arena on October 3, 2010, again playing the role of Marius Pontmercy. From August 5–7, 2011, Jonas performed in the musical "Hairspray" as Link Larkin at the Hollywood Bowl. Jonas appeared in the 2011 series "Mr. Sunshine"; he played Eli White, an up-and-coming singer who wants everything his way before he performs at the Sunshine Center. He also plays the role of Ryan on the sitcom "Last Man Standing".
In February 2012, he appeared in episode of "Smash" in the role of Lyle West, a young musician and television star backing a promising Broadway musical; Jonas will reprise the role of Lyle West in the show's season finale on May 14. Nick had a cameo appearance in the last episode of the second season of the comedy web series "Submissions Only". Jonas was to perform in the musical "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying" as J. Pierrepont Finch from January 24 till July 1, 2012. However, the musical ended its run on May 20. Jonas recorded 5 songs for the "How To Succeed in Business" soundtrack.
Jonas Brothers reunion & split: 2012–2013.
On March 6, 2012, the Jonas Brothers released a video on Twitter of them in their home studio, along with the hashtag "#JonasBrothers2012", suggesting that a reunion was occurring. Starting on August 19, 2012, the eldest Jonas brother will appear in an E! reality series alongside his wife Danielle and brothers Nick and Joe. "Married to Jonas" will document the young couple's domestic life as well as the brothers' recording efforts as they prepare to release their newest group album.
On May 1, 2012, it was announced that after 6 years with Hollywood Records, the Jonas Brothers had parted ways with their label. The band has bought back the rights to their master recordings, merchandising, and publishing, and plans to release their upcoming fifth album with a new label.
On July 4, 2012, Jonas joined his brother, Joe Jonas on stage and performed a collection of Jonas Brothers songs toghter on the Philly’s Fourth of July Jam. On July 18, 2012, he joined Demi Lovato in Los Angeles on stage at the Greek Theatre during her Summer Tour 2012 and performed the songs "Don't Forget" and "Catch Me" with her.
On July 30, 2012: Jonas is reportedly in final negotiations to join the judging panel in the twelfth season of Fox's "American Idol". On August 4, 2012, he released a statement that he's considered for the judging role. However, on August 27, 2012, it was reported that he had signed a deal with Fox to be a guest mentor next to Demi Lovato on "The X-Factor" after she chooses the four people that will continue the contest.
On May 21, 2013 it was announced that on June 16 Nick would co-host the Miss USA 2013 competition on NBC. he would also join his brothers for a performance during the show. On August 13 he announced that he would play a guest role as an computer hacker on a fall episode of the fourth season of the TV-show Hawaii 5-0.
On October 9, 2013, the group cancelled their highly anticipated comeback tour days before it was slated to start, citing a "deep rift within the band" over "creative differences". Following the tour cancellation, the Jonas Brothers Twitter page went offline and the brothers' individual accounts became temporarily obsolete; causing several media outlets to report that a break-up was imminent. However, on October 23, 2013, Joe and Nick tweeted that they were "getting shit together" and asked fans to "bear with [them". On 29 October 2013, the Jonas Brothers officially confirmed their split.
Acting & New Music: 2013–present.
On March 18, 2013, it was revealed that Nick will be starring in his first acting role, in a thriller, "Careful What You Wish For" which is set to release in 2014.
On February 4 2014, it was announced that he would be working as the Musical and Creative Director for the tour. In an interview with "Rolling Stones", Nick stated "I'm overseeing video content, wardrobe, lighting and staging, and then I'm extending into the musical side of things, which includes creating the arrangements for the songs. I'm building what Demi wanted, which is a show without stops and starts. Demi and I have the same manager, so I was immediately excited when I was offered the position. The relationship that Demi and I had over eight years really gives me the insight into how to best communicate with her and her team."I've been in rehearsals with the band for the last two weeks. The biggest challenge has been just trying to rethink some of the music and see how we could compliment it with lights and video. I sat down with the band and said to them, 'You need to step into this like it's a new gig. None of these arrangements are going to sound like the originals, so you need to have an open mind.'"
He joined Demi Lovato on stage during select dates of the Neon Lights Tour and performed the songs "Stop The World", "Here We Go Again" and "Catch Me" with her.
During that same interview with Rolling Stone he also said that once the tour gets off the ground, he will turn his attention towards his upcoming solo project. "Some of it is done and ready to be released," he says. "I've got a lot of things in the pipeline right now and I'm waiting to release some news about my music and my next steps. It isn't quite locked in yet, but I have started making some music and now it's all about lining up the pieces."
On February 18th, it was announced that Nick would play the role of Nate Henderson in the new drama series Navy St.
Personal life.
Health.
Jonas was diagnosed with Type I diabetes at the age of thirteen and uses an insulin pump to help him manage his condition. He has developed the Change for the Children Foundation. Partnering with five different charities, their goal is to raise money and awareness for diabetes. He also developed a public service announcement with the Washington Nationals to support diabetes care at Children's National Medical Center in Washington, D.C.
Philanthropy.
Since August 6, 2008, Bayer Diabetes Care has partnered with Jonas as a diabetes ambassador to promote the idea for young people to manage their diabetes. Jonas testified in the U.S. Senate to promote more research funding for the condition.
In 2010, Nick further volunteered his efforts for Do Something by offering his time as a prize to teens who donated jeans to Do Something and Aeropostale's "Teens for Jeans" campaign. Further, Nick filmed another PSA, this one in support of Do Something's "Battle of the Bands" campaign, for the advancement of music education in schools.
Nick is also is a member of the National Youth Leadership Committee for the Ronald Reagan Centennial Celebration, along with Jordin Sparks, Genevieve Ryan, and Brodi Conover.
Relationships.
Singer and actress Miley Cyrus has stated that she dated Jonas from June 2006 to December 2007. Cyrus claimed they were "in love" and began dating soon after they first met.</ref> 
In 2009 Nick Jonas briefly dated fellow Disney star Selena Gomez after she appeared in the music video for the song "Burnin' Up" (performed by Nick's band Jonas Brothers).
Jonas dated Australian actress and singer Delta Goodrem in May 2011. They broke up in February 2012; Goodrem has said that it was a genuine love.
As of August 2013 he's dating Miss Universe Olivia Culpo whom he met at the 2013 Miss USA competition; he confirmed their relationship during an interview with Joan Rivers.
Tours.
In January 2010, Nick Jonas & The Administration began touring in support of their debut album, "Who I Am". Apart from guest appearances at specific events, it marks the first time Nick has toured without his brothers, Kevin and Joe.
In September 2011 and October 2011, Nick Jonas & The Administration began touring through South America in support of their debut album, "Who I Am".

</doc>
<doc id="18366276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366276" title="Beluj">
Beluj

Beluj may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18366294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366294" title="Shengde">
Shengde

Shengde may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18366303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366303" title="John Tyson Wigan">
John Tyson Wigan

Brigadier-General John Tyson Wigan, CB, CMG, DSO (July, 1872 – November, 1952) was a senior British Army officer with the Desert Mounted Corps during World War I who was wounded in action three times during campaigning at the Battle of Gallipoli and during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign. He had previously been badly wounded in the Second Boer War and following his retirement from the army post-war became a Member of Parliament for the Conservative Party.
Life.
John Wigan was born in 1872 in West Hartlepool and educated at Rugby School before joining the British Army in 1897 with the 13th Hussars. Within two years, Wigan had been deployed to South Africa during the Second Boer War, in which he was seriously wounded. In 1909, Wigan retired from the regular army and transferred to the Territorial Army with the Bedfordshire Yeomanry. This force was activated at the outbreak of World War I and sent to the Mediterranean.
Wigan was seriously wounded in 1915 during the Battle of Gallipoli, and was awarded the Distinguished Service Order the following year in acknowledgement of his service. The Bedfordshire Yeomanry moved to Egypt in 1916 and in April 1917 Wigan was again wounded at the Second Battle of Gaza. In July 1917, Wigan was advanced to command the 7th Mounted Brigade which included Australian troops and in the November of 1917 this force was deployed in the Third Battle of Gaza at which Wigan was wounded for a fourth time in an attack on Turkish trenchlines.
In 1918 Wigan was made a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in recognition of his service and in 1919 a Companion of the Order of the Bath. At the end of the war, the yeomanry was decommissioned and Wigan entered politics as MP for Abingdon. In 1921 Wigan gave up his seat and retired, later serving as High Sheriff of Essex in 1930. Wigan died in Cuckfield, West Sussex in November 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="18366307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366307" title="Elonex ONEt">
Elonex ONEt

The Elonex ONEt is a netbook computer marketed to the education sector in the UK by Elonex. Inspired by the OLPC initiative, the low cost of the ONE, the ONEt and similar devices, made this subnotebook seem an attractive proposition for educators seeking to provide every child with a highly functional laptop computer. However initial ONEt trials by educators claimed that the lack of security, specifically the absence of any password protection at start-up, put personal information at risk, making it unsuitable for use in a school environment. It was released in September 2008, on sale to the general public, marketed as an upgrade to the ONE. It has Wi-Fi connectivity, a solid-state hard drive, three USB ports and an SD card slot.
Hardware.
The hardware specifications published on 9 July 2008:
Operating System.
The Elonex OneT has a Linux (mipsel) based operating system, and the included software comprises Sky Word (Abiword 2.4.5), Sky Table (Gnumeric 1.6.3), a PDF viewer (ePDFView 0.1.6), Scientific Calculator, Dictionary, File Manager, Web Browser (BonEcho/Firefox), Email client (Sylpheed), Sky Chatting (Pidgin), FBReader, Media Player (xine based), Xip Flash Player, Image Gallery, Paint Brush, and Sound Recorder.
Although access to the root filing system isn't possible through the included file manager it is possible to get console access as user root by installing the Xterm application from the CnM Lifestyle website. The CnM Lifestyle notebook is exactly the same as the Elonex OneT and so all applications on this page can be installed.
Similar devices.
The ONEt is similar to the CnM Mini-book from Maplin Electronics, Alpha 400 product from Bestlink or the Trendtac EPC 700 or the Skytone Alpha 400. Those devices are basically all the same and only have different OEM names.

</doc>
<doc id="18366315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366315" title="Ian Watmore">
Ian Watmore

Ian Watmore (born 5 July 1958 in Croydon, Surrey), is an English accountant and former senior British civil servant, who from January 2012 until June 2012 was Permanent Secretary at the Cabinet Office in succession to Sir Gus O'Donnell, after the breaking apart of the tri-hatted role of Cabinet Secretary, Head of the Home Civil Service and Cabinet Office Permanent Secretary.
Born in Croydon, Surrey, he was educated at Trinity School, Croydon and then graduated with a degree in mathematics and management studies from Trinity College, Cambridge. He trained as an accountant with Andersen Consulting, and ultimately became Accenture's UK Managing Director from 2000 to 2004.
Watmore joined the UK civil service, initially as the first central UK government Chief Information Officer (CIO) and latterly as the Permanent Secretary for Department for Innovation, Universities and Skills. He took over as head of the e-Government Unit, the direct successor to the Office of the e-Envoy in September 2004. He left this job in January 2006 to take over as head of the Prime Minister's Delivery Unit
On 18 February 2009, he was confirmed as the new Chief Executive of The Football Association, succeeding Brian Barwick starting the job in June 2009. He resigned from this post on 19 March 2010.
He rejoined the Cabinet Office in September 2010 Chief Operating Officer for the newly formed Efficiency and Reform Group. On 11 October 2011 it was announced that he would become Permanent Secretary to the Cabinet Office, replacing Gus O'Donnell, whose three roles were split after his retirement at the end of 2011. However, he only held this role for a few months, announcing in May 2012 that he was resigning to spend more time with his family. He was replaced by Richard Heaton. In March 2012, he joined the England Rugby 2015 board and resigned from the Civil Service in May 2012. 
A lifelong supporter of Arsenal F.C., he lives in Wilmslow, Cheshire. His son, Duncan, is a professional football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18366364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366364" title="Canal Roeselare–Leie">
Canal Roeselare–Leie

The canal Roeselare-Leie is an artificial waterway between the town Roeselare and the river Leie.
It can handle barges up to 1350 tonnes.
The port in Roeselare, at the start of the canal Roeselare-Leie, is mainly characterized by a thriving industrial activity. Well-known companies that are located there include Debaillié and Hanekop, both producers of animal food. Soubry, the well-known dough manufacturer, also has an establishment there.
The Roeselare port covers an area of 40 hectares and is easily accessible by road. Nearby is the A17/E403 highway Bruges-Kortrijk with many opportunities to explore the coast, the inland of the Belgian-French and Belgian-Dutch border regions. The disclosure in Roeselare is also good with the Mandel Avenue that can be used to access the industrial zone in Beveren. It is also easy to choose driving through the King Albert I Avenue until the Inner Ring road to the Great Ring N36/R32. The canal connects Roeselare with the ports of Dunkirk, Ghent, Antwerp, Brussels and Liege, via the Leie.
Following the canal from Roeselare City, one passes first the town of Izegem where the food company Vandemoortele Groep is located, then Ingelmunster and Oostrozebeke, and finally Ooigem, a municipality of Wielsbeke where the canal joins the Leie. There is a lock to overcome a height of 7.50 meters. The Kortrijk-Bruges railway line runs a few kilometers parallel to the canal. There is a proposal to build a container terminal for temporary container storage alongside the canal.
The Leiestreek tourist office and the municipality are working on a project to give the canal and the green area around it a recreational function. For example, during the summer there are already boat cruises. The banks of the canal are also frequented by fishermen.
The piece of the canal between Roeselare port and the town is an ideal backdrop for street theater and cultural events, such as the annual happening "De Groote Stooringe".

</doc>
<doc id="18366378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366378" title="The Time of the Doves">
The Time of the Doves

The Time Of The Doves (also translated as "The Pigeon Girl" or "In Diamond Square"; original Catalan-language: "La plaça del diamant", that is "Diamond Square") is a 1962 novel written by exiled Catalan writer Mercè Rodoreda. It is noted by its use of stream of consciousness. The book is named after a square in Barcelona's district of Gràcia. It's featured in Harold Bloom's "The Western Canon" as part of the list of canonical books of the "Chaotic Age". Arguably the author's most accomplished work, the novel has been translated into more than thirty languages and is regarded as one of the most important pieces of fiction in contemporary Catalan literature. It's also one of the staple readings in secondary school programs across Catalonia. 
Dealing with the Second Spanish Republic and the Spanish Civil War, the novel is set in Barcelona before, during and after the war and pictures a young woman's struggles in life as well as her conflictive relationships with two men, and her progression from nearly complete submission until she develops a full-fledged outlook in life, personal maturity and independence. It's also a faithful chronicle of life in the city at the time, in a balanced mixture of psychologism and naturalism.
Adaptations.
It was made into a film in 1982 directed by Francesc Betriu, and has spawned several theatre adaptations, including a play directed by Joan Ollé in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18366393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366393" title="Huub Zilverberg">
Huub Zilverberg

Huub Zilverberg (born January 13, 1939 in Goirle) is a Dutch former professional road bicycle racer. In 1962, Zilverberg won a stage in the Tour de France and in the Giro d'Italia.

</doc>
<doc id="18366416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366416" title="Crash! Boom! Live!">
Crash! Boom! Live!

Crash! Boom! Live! is a concert video by the Swedish pop duo Roxette, released on VHS and Laserdisc on September 19, 1996. It features footage from a concert in Johannesburg, South Africa, filmed on January 14, 1995, during the Crash! Boom! Bang! Live tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18366455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366455" title="Mario Minieri">
Mario Minieri

Mario Minieri (Vergato, 21 June 1938) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer. Minieri's only two recorded victories are a stage in the 1960 Tour of Sicily and stage 8A from the 1962 Tour de France.

</doc>
<doc id="18366471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366471" title="Patapon 2">
Patapon 2

The game was released in Japan, Europe, and Australia before North America, and in North America it was first available only as a digital download via the PlayStation Store, as a "test case" to gauge the success of digital distribution on the PSP. The game is now available on UMD in all regions.
It hosts a four player ad hoc multiplayer mode. A bundle has been released. It includes a silver PSP-3000 along with a 32GB MemoryStick, and the UMD version of "Patapon 2". It was released in stores November 27 in Japan.
A sequel titled Patapon 3 was released on April 12, 2011 in North America, April 15, 2011 in Europe and on April 28, 2011 in Japan.
Plot.
The story continues from the previous game. The ship the Patapons and Zigotons have constructed has been finally completed and they have set sail for new lands. On their way there, they are attacked by a kraken who easily defeats them and sends the Patapons into the ocean to be washed ashore in a strange new land (which is actually and originally their homeland, the Patapolis) where they come up against another tribe called the Karmen. Now it is a battle to defeat the Karmen and find out who is their true enemy. Early in the game, the Patapons discover the mysterious "Hero", who wears a mask which boosts his abilities. He has lost his memory, and his true identity is forgotten, hidden and unknown. Later, the Patapons fight against the Akumapons, and the "Dark One" (actually this is Makoton, the Zigoton that was killed in the first game with Baban, and now was reincarnated), who gave his soul to the demons for power. Gong the Hawkeye and his fellow Zigotons appear once more, to assist the Patapons against the Karmen.
During the course of a game, the player learns of a legend, that the world was broken and the Patapons ruined because a Wakapon broke the "World Egg". At the second to last stage, the player finds out that the Hero was actually the Wakapon who broke the egg, and that the Karmen tribe was the Patapon's ancestral enemy, knowing them as the ones who overtook the Patapon Ancients. The Patapon Princess was trapped inside an egg by Ormen Karmen, the leader of the Karmens, who plans to make the Princess his queen.
After defeating the demon Dettankarmen that the Karmens summoned, the Patapons journey to the end of a bridge, only to find and break an egg. Dazzled by the bright light that emerges from the egg, the Patapons assume they have found "IT" at Earthend, which they have been searching since the first game. However, the Patapon Princess emerges from the egg, compliments them on their job well done, and tells the Hero that he has a new task - to restore the world and find the true Earthend.
At the end of the game, the Patapons are seen working with the Karmen and Zigotons to fix the bridge that will lead them to the other side of the land.
Characters.
Rob Smith writes that new "characters such as the bird-riding Toripon, the Robopon with huge fists, and the magic-using Mahopon provide fresh attack types and original personalities for your almighty ruler to manage." In an interview attached to the same article, Hiroyuki Kotani adds that all "the new characters ended up... attractive from a fundamental gameplay standpoint, so I picked the ones I liked the most." When asked, "From all the characters...is any one of them your personal favorite?" Kotani answered,"I love Gong, the leader of the Zigotons. In fact, I love him so much you can probably expect to see him in "Patapon 2"."
Gameplay.
The core gameply of Patapon 2 is almost identical to its predecessor. It is a video game that the player controls in a manner similar to rhythm games. The player is put in direct control of a tribe of Patapon warriors; to command the warriors, the player inputs specific sequences using the face buttons on the PSP, each representing a "talking drum", in time to a drum rhythm. These sequences order the tribe to move forward on the linear battlefield, attack, defend, and other actions. If the player inputs an unknown sequence or enters them off the main rhythm, the tribe will become confused and stop whatever they are doing. However, repeatedly entering a proper sequence in sync with the rhythm will lead the tribe into a "Fever" increasing their attack and defensive bonuses. The tribe will stop doing anything after performing the last entered command if the player does not enter any more commands. For example, some commands are square, square, square, circle (Pata, Pata, Pata, Pon.), which has them march forward and circle, circle, square, circle (Pon, Pon, Pata, Pon.), which makes them attack.
The game is divided into several missions. Prior to each mission, the player can recruit new troops and assemble formations, equip troops with weapons and armor gained from the spoils of war or crafted from certain minigames. The player can return to an earlier mission to acquire additional resources and equipment to build up their troops before a larger battle.
Units.
A notable change is the inclusion of three new units for each group and another way to access new patapon classes. Another change is the evolutionary tree. To access different Patapon classes, they need to reach certain points in the tree, some not available until later parts of the game. Also Rarepon can be made without sacrificing Patapon to make space for newer ones. To maintain incentive for collecting items, there is an abundant amount of classes of Patapon to rely upon, some Patapon such as the "Pyokoran" Rarepon being nimble in battle as well as being immune to freezing but are vulnerable to fire damage. Another change is that a Patapon can level up by using more material with effects amplifying at every 5 level to maximum of 10.
The most notable change is the Heropon, a hero unit which can adopt the persona of any class of their choice with a powerful special attack to deliver to unsuspecting foes. You can change their masks for different stats, like elemental resistance or attack speed. They also can be revived but takes longer to revive with each death. In addition, if Hatapon is alone while the Heropon is reviving, the mission ends. Each "Hero" persona also has a special move that can only be activated in Fever mode and must have perfect beat. This special ability shows a spirit above him and allows him to have a special damage effect on opponents like: The Iron Fist (Yaripon), Broken Arrow (Yumipon).
Multiplayer.
"Patapon" designer Hiroyuki Kotani has revealed that the multiplayer mode stems from the single-player mode, the former of which will involve giant eggs. These eggs contain Masks for the Hero Patapon to wear, or new CPU Kumopons. To hatch the eggs, four players must defend the egg on an enemy-laden multiplayer battleground, while moving it to a special egg-hatching altar. At this altar, all players must perform a hatching ceremony, which involves playing their rhythms in synchronization to crack the egg.
Patapon 2: Art of War.
Patapon 2: Art of War is a Flash game created by Rolito and Interlink to promote the Patapon 2 game. It was playable til the release of Patapon 3 on the patapon-game.com website. 
Release and reception.
To test the market for digital distribution of games, Sony Computer Entertainment America released "Patapon 2" as a "test case" digital download through the PlayStation Store for North America only, leaving the Latin American market out of their strategy. A voucher for the game is available for retail purchase. In all other regions, now including North America, the game is available on UMD.
GamePro's Heather Bartron called the game a "must-have title for PSP owners," rating it a 4.5 out of 5 stars and praising it as an improved sequel to the already enjoyable and addictive "Patapon". Bartron wrote that both titles have great visual style though "Patapon 2" has limited multiplayer modes and "needs more songs." "Hyper"'s Tracey Lien commends the game for being "exactly the same as the first "Patapon", which is good because the original was really rad".

</doc>
