<doc id="18299125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299125" title="Gangteng Monastery">
Gangteng Monastery

The Gangteng Monastery (Dzongkha: generally known as "Gangtey Gonpa" or "Gangtey Monastery", is an important monastery of Nyingmapa school of Buddhism, the main seat of the Pema Lingpa tradition. located in the Wangdue Phodrang District in central Bhutan. The Monastery, also known by the Gangten village that surrounds it, is in the Phobjika Valley where winter visitors – the Black-necked Cranes – visit central Bhutan to roost, circling the monastery three times on arrival and repeating this circling when returning to Tibet. The Monastery's history traces to the early 17th century and back to the prophecies made by the well-known Terton (treasure finder) Pema Lingpa in the late 15th century.
The Monastery is one of the main seats of the religious tradition based on Pema Lingpa's revelations and one of the two main centres of the Nyingmapa school of Buddhism in the country.
A Nyingma monastic college or shedra, Do-ngag Tösam Rabgayling, has been established above the village.
The descent of the first king of Bhutan, Ugyen Wangchuk of the Wangchuk Dynasty of Bhutan, which continues to rule Bhutan is traced to the clan of the Dungkhar Choje, a subsidiary of the clan of Khouchung Choje whose founder was Kunga Wangpo, the fourth son of Pema Lingpa.
Geography.
The Gangteng Monastery, also spelt Gantey Gonpa, bounded on the west side by the Black Mountains (Bhutan) (range above elevation) is located on a spur amidst the Gantey village, overlooking the vast U-shaped glacial Phobjika Valley, which is at an elevation of about and which has marshy land. The Nake Chuu river runs through this valley. The monastery commands striking views of the Phubjika Valley below. The Black Mountain Region is inhabited by nomadic shepherds and yak-herders.
Wangdue Phodrang, the district headquarters, is from the Nobding village in the Phobjika Valley on the Trongsar road from where a short diversion road leads to the Gonpa. It is to Thimphu, the capital of Bhutan. The Gonpa lies on the popular trekking route of the 'Gangte trail' which starts from the bottom of the Phobjika valley, passes through the Gangteng Valley, then climbs up to the Gangteng Gonpa, then goes through the Kumbu village on the east of the Gangteng Gonpa, passes through Gedachen, Khebaythang, the Kilkhorthang villages and finally touches the Kungathang Lhakhang.
History.
The Gangteng Monastery, also called the Gangteng Sangngak Chöling , was established in 1613 by the first Peling Gyalsé Rinpoche or Gangteng Tulku, Rigdzin Pema Tinley (1564–1642), who was the grandson of the great Bhutanese "treasure revealer" Terchen Pema Lingpa (1450–1521). The earliest historical background relevant to this monastery is traced to establishment of the Vajrayana tradition of Buddhism, by Guru Rinpoche, who was instrumental in making Bhutan a Buddhist nation. The Guru, during his visits to the country in the 8th and 9th centuries, had hidden many sacred treasures (called "terma") (images and scriptures), to avoid their desecration or destruction during troubled times, at various places in Bhutan to be retrieved in later years by treasure finders, to propagate the teachings of Buddha. These were retrieved at various periods over time and in the 15th century Pema Lingpa, born in 1450, considered an incarnation of Guru Rinpoche, prompted by a revelation of 108 treasure coves in his psychic dream revealed by his Guru Rinpoche. He embarked on the treasure hunt in 1476 when he was 25 years of age. He was successful in locating many treasures of images and scriptures related to Buddhism throughout Bhutan, which resulted in establishing many monasteries throughout Bhutan, and Buddhism took firm roots in the country. Consequently, Pema Lingpa came to be known as the “King Terton", a revered saint and teacher. The Terton, came on a visit to the Phobjikha Valley as a saint to teach Buddhist precepts to the people and also to bless them. During this visit, after looking at the impressive mountains that surrounded the valley he had foretold that one of his descendants would build a monastery or gonpa on the Gangten (meaning top of the mountain) and make it famous as the seat of the Peling tradition. This prediction fructified when a monastery was built by his grand son Gyalse Pema Thinley in 1613, and the spur of the mountain was given the name, the Gangteng Sang Nga Choling (meaning: “summit for the teaching of the dharma”). He became the first "Trulku" (spiritual head of the monastery or gonpa) of the monastery. It was initially built as a Lhakhang, a small village monastery, which was later expanded by his son Tenzing Legpai Dhendup (1645–1726), who succeeded him as the second Trulku. It was built like a Dzong (fortress). The present Wangchuk Dynasty, which rules Bhutan, are descendants of Pema Lingpa.
From 2002–2008, the Monastery has been completely restored under the present Gangteng Tulku, H.E. Rigdzin Kunzang Pema Namgyal (b. 1955).
The rebuilt monastery was consecrated by the present incarnation of Pema Lingpa on the October 10, 2008, graced by the fourth King of Bhutan. Gangteng Sang-ngak Chöling, as now restored, retains its original glory and is stated to be the resurgence of the Peling Tradition. Hence, the restoration of the Lhakhang and the resurgence of the Peling Tradition also symbolises the aura of Bhutan’s Monarchy.”
In the context of the 1864–65 battle fought between the British Army and the Bhutanese Army at Deothang in Bhutan, it is mentioned that the hands of the British military officer that was severed in the battle have been “preserved in the sanctum sanctorum of the Gangteng Gonpa.”
Structure.
The construction of the original Lakhang was done with full community effort. The local materials such as timber came from the nearby forest trees that were cut, shaped and used for construction of the pillars, beams and windows. Building stones were extracted from the local hills; in this context a legend is also stated that the local guardian deity, called the Delep, facilitated availability of stones by creating a landslide in the opposite hill. A renowned artisan of the "Umze" of Lhalung Monastery in Tibet was specially brought from Tibet to head as the "zowpon" to guide the team of local craftsmen. Voluntary labour force was organized from among the devotees of the local village of Gangten.
The monastery underwent a major refurbishing from 2000, which lasted for eight years. It was a massive restoration work which was organized by the ninth Gangteng Trulku, Kunzang Rigzin Pema Namgyal (stated to be the reincarnation of the body of Pema Lingpa) at a project cost of Bhutanese ngultrum (Nu) 700 million “to preserve this remarkable legacy for the future.” He engaged 'Landmarks Foundation' to mobilise the restoration and preservation of the Gonpa. This was the first occasion for the Landmarks Foundation to engage in a project in which the sacred site was fully functional. The structural problems were first identified, particularly as the wooden parts which deteriorated and affected the structure. The refurbishing was planned in such a way as not to disturb “the original aura and grandeur of the monastery”. The Royal Government of Bhutan supervised the work and provided the necessary technical and architectural support, including raw materials. This building construction lasted for eight years and all efforts were made to preserve the old structures, carvings, and paintings to the extent possible, while 104 new pillars were intricately crafted by the local artisans. This task was also supported by the fourth King of Bhutan with technical support and guidance. The monastery was painted with durable special mineral paints, locally called the "dotshoen." The monastery occupies a prime space in the Phobjika valley, and as built now it is a large complex consisting of the central Gonpa, surrounded by monks' living quarters, meditation halls and a guest house. It also houses a school.
The monastery complex has five temples that surround the main central tower. The main hall in the monastery called the "tshokhang" has been built in Tibetan architectural style. The hall is built with eight very large wooden pillars, which are stated to be the largest in Bhutan. Wood work, both inside and outside of the old structure, which had deteriorated have been replaced. Similarly, some of the paintings and frescoes inside the monastery have also been redone. The monastery is now maintained by 100 odd lay monks (locally known as the "gomchen"). The monks are also assisted by Buddhist devotees whose families reside in the village near the Gonpa.
The restoration work has been done by craftsmen supported by "gomchens", who are lay monks (not necessarily celibate). These monks supported themselves and offered their services free. The carpenters carved long wooden beams with lovely motifs out of blue-pine, by hand with set of wood-handled tools. Some used daggers to carve "dorje" (a diamond thunderbolt motif) which is a recurring theme in the exteriors of the monastery. The ancient gateway leading to the monastery was redone (see infobox).
The detailed layout and the holy images and frescos contained in the various buildings of the Gangten Gonpa complex are elaborated, starting with the four directions of the Gönpa and the sacred and symbolic significance of the areas that surround the Gonpa. Located in the central region of Bhutan, the precincts are forested with medicinal plants and trees. The sacred places that are in the region, in the four directions are: On the east – the Gayney Lhakhang in Bumthang; in the south – the Moenyul Namkha Dzong; in the west – the Paro Taktsang; and in the north – Namthang Lu Gi Phu, the meditation cave of Guru Rinpoche. The Gonpa is located on a spur at the highest point, symbolic of the Vajrayana teachings and its practice. Its location at the base is intertwined with nine large mountain peaks, symbolising the ninth “yana.” It has no problem of wild animals, which is indicative of lack of sufferings. The sky above appears in the form of the eight-spiked wheel, which is symbolic of the yogic practitioners of "Dzogchen". The land where the Gonpa is located is an “equanimity and altruistic intention of Bodhicitta.” It has eight auspicious signs indicative of an assembly of the noble sons and daughters from all directions. The precincts depict “a victory banner in the east, long horns in the south, six-syllable mantra in the west and stupa in the north,” symbolising natural realization; further, the sun and moon rise early and set late, the three perennial rivers flow nearby and the spur where the Gonpa is located appears like an elephant – an auspicious sign.
The ten qualities of the precincts of the Gonpa are elaborated: The surrounding mountains and forests that enclose the Gonpa are like the 16 great Arhats with their entourage of close followers; the white road of Langleygang represents the eastern grey Tiger, there is the blue Zhungchu Ngoenmo, which symbolises the southern blue Dragon; red rock in Trawanang represents the western red Bird; the pastoral meadow of "Tsi Tsi La" symbolises the northern black Turtle; the four local protectors known as "Sadags" represent non-destruction by the four elements; there is the evergreen 'Wish-fulfilling Tree' ("Paksam Joenshing") that symbolises spiritual and temporal prosperity; upper, middle and the lower sub-regions of the area represent the particular teachings of the 'Three Baskets'; and the retreat centres have dedicated male and female practitioners of Buddhism. Given these auspicious environment, Gangtey Gönpa has: A square plan that denotes perfection in teachings and practice; it has large fencing around it that protects it from evil influences; the monastery has three entrances representing “the doors of the three Yogas”; 108 doors and windows are provided to denote cleansing of the darkness of sentients; the images are painted and embossed, as protective compassion; Mandalas are depicted – the outer level Mandala is of the Mahayoga, the inner level Mandala denotes the Anuyoga and the secret level Mandala is of Atiyoga.
On the ground floor, images of the Buddhas of the 3 times similar to the ones in Magadha, Vajrasana and Yangpachen are deified. Next to these are the images of 4 other Buddhas, the 8 Noble Sons, the Great Teacher; wrathful form of Hayagriva, and Vajrapani flank them. The Assembly Hall has Jangchub Tungsha and offering goddesses. While at the sides of the entrance are the Kings of the 4 directions namely, “the Mandala of Cyclic Existence, layout of Mt. Meru according to the sutras and tantras, Zangdog Pelri and the Pureland of Shambala.” The first floor is where the successive Trilkus have lived, which has three shrine rooms of the Dharmapalas and the Treasury with the Namsey Phodrang. The second floor is where the Lamai Lhakhang with the statue of Vajrasattava surrounded by the Peling lineage holders are deified. The complete Nyingma Gyud Bum texts are located on the eastern side. The Tshengye Lhakhang is on the southern side where the statues of the eight manifestations of Guru Rinpoche, canonical texts and eight red-sandalwood Desheg Chortens are seen. The living quarters are to the east and west of the Gonpa. The west also has the Amitayus Lhakhang with the statue of Buddha Amitayus with his companions. The Machen Lhakhang is located to the north where the reliquary stupa with embalmed body of the 6th Gangteng Tulku Tenpai Nyima is located. It also houses statues of the 16 Arhats.
The 11-faced Avalokiteśvara Lhakhang is at the entrance to the main temple. The Shedra’s Assembly Hall and the Kezang Lhakhang flank the main temple. The living quarters of the monks are built on all four sides. The monastery also has a unique collection of armoury and weapons along with ritual paraphernalia.
The consecration ceremony, which was held on October 10, 2008 (on the auspicious 11th day of the 8th month of the Earth Rat Year according to the Bhutanese calendar), was a grand ceremony, which was not only graced by the Fourth King of Bhutan accompanied by his Queen and the royal family members and the Prime Minister with his Ministers but also by all descendents of Pema Lengpa. The hymnal extracts from the original sacred Peling scripture discovered by Terton Pema Lingpa in south Tibet and the Gurdag, dedicated to the wrathful form of Guru Rinpoche, were recited and the consecration rites performed in the four cardinal directions of the monastery. These rites were performed by monks, nuns and lay monks drawn from the 13 religious institutions that follow the Peling tradition. Local residents of the Phobjika Valley, and large number of students of the monastery under the tutelage of the present Trulku were also witness to the ceremony. The audience included devotees from Khunnu village in Himachal Pradesh, India, who were disciples of Pema Lingpa. Michael McClelland, who was associated with the restoration works right from the start said after the consecration ceremony that it was a “terrific experience to see the restoration and the consecration. He said he was struck by the sheer beauty of the Lhakhang and the organisation of the consecration ceremony. It’s a once in a life time experience.” The day following the consecration ceremony, the annual Tsechu and mask dances were held at the Gonpa. An exhibition of traditional arts and crafts was also part of the celebration for the next seven days.
The monastery and the Phobjika valley are covered under a blanket of snow during winter months of January and February when all the monks and the people of the valley shift, numbering about 4,500, temporarily to Wangdue Phodrong.
Gangtey trek.
Gangtey treks are a popular tourism attraction in the Phubjika Valley which covers the Gangtey Gonpa. It is a trekking route followed by international trekking enthusiasts that starts from the Gangteng Gonpa in the Phobjika valley. It passes through the Kumbu village (east of the Gonpa), goes through the Gedachen and Khebayathang villages, leads to the Kilhorthang village and terminates in the Kungathang Lhakhang. A short trek of about 90 minutes, known as the Gangte Nature Trail, starts from the mani stone wall to the north of the Gangtey Gonpa and ends in Khewa Lhakhang. 
Festival.
Tsechu, the popular Bhutanese festival that is held all over Bhutan in all major monasteries and in district towns in Bhutan, is also held here from the 5th to 10th days of the eighth lunar month, as per the Bhutanese calendar. The festival attracts many foreign tourists.
In addition, the Crane Festival which marks the arrival of Black-necked Cranes from the Tibetan plateau during the winter months and which are held as a religious blessing by the people, is also a big event not only in the Phobjika Valley but also in this monastery. It is held on 12 November, every year, which is a day after the celebration of the King’s birthday.
Throne Holders of Gangteng.
The nine 'Successive Throne Holders of Gangteng Monastery' starting with Gyalsé Pema Thinley to the present Kunzang Rigdzin Pema Namgyal, are listed below.
Religious institutions.
At the command of the fourth King, Jigme Singye Wangchuck, a Buddhist college and a meditation centre have been established at Gangteng Gönpa to propagate the Buddhist Dharma with support from the Royal Government of Bhutan, in 1985. During this time, Gyal Yum Phuntsho Choden supported this initiative by sponsoring the construction of three large statues of Lord Buddha, Guru Rinpoche and Rigdzin Pema Lingpa and the temple housing many precious contents. In addition to this, the private secretary of the Gyal Yum, Lopen Phub Dorji was motivated to gift including many articles of offerings to the Gönpa. Following this, 35 new and old subsidiary meditation and learning centres of the Gangteng Gönpa have been established in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18299132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299132" title="Giala">
Giala

Giala is a town in Wangdue Phodrang District in central Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18299136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299136" title="Haracha">
Haracha

Haracha is a town in Wangdue Phodrang District in central Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18299140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299140" title="Agrest">
Agrest

Agrest is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18299145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299145" title="Kisona">
Kisona

Kisona is a town in Wangdue Phodrang District in central Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18299148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299148" title="List of people who took refuge in a diplomatic mission">
List of people who took refuge in a diplomatic mission

Because diplomatic missions, such as embassies and consulates, may not be entered by the host country without permission (even though they do not enjoy extraterritorial status), persons have from time to time taken refuge from a host-country's national authorities inside the embassy of another country.

</doc>
<doc id="18299149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299149" title="Lung Chen">
Lung Chen

Lung Chen is a town in Wangdue Phodrang District in central Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18299150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299150" title="Manikyangsa">
Manikyangsa

Manikyangsa is a town in Wangdue Phodrang District in central Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18299153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299153" title="Ritang, Bhutan">
Ritang, Bhutan

Ritang, Bhutan is a town in Wangdue Phodrang District in central-northern Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18299154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299154" title="Samtengang">
Samtengang

Samtengang is a town in Wangdue Phodrang District in central Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18299163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299163" title="Tseshinang">
Tseshinang

Tseshinang is a town in Wangdue Phodrang District in central Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18299172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299172" title="List of people with surname Taylor">
List of people with surname Taylor

Taylor is an occupational surname of English origin. Listed here are notable people who share this surname. For fictional characters with the name, see the Fictional characters section of the Taylor article.

</doc>
<doc id="18299179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299179" title="Tram et Bus de la CUB">
Tram et Bus de la CUB

Tram et bus de la CUB (TBC) is a public transport system for the 27 "communes" of the Urban Community of Bordeaux (CUB). It also provides service to part of the "commune" of Cadaujac.
The TBC replaced the CGFTE (Compagnie générale française des transports et entreprises) on 3 July 2004 after the completion of the three TBC tramway lines and partial reorganization of the network.

</doc>
<doc id="18299181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299181" title="Central India Horse (21st King George V's Own Horse)">
Central India Horse (21st King George V's Own Horse)

The Central India Horse (21st King George V's Own Horse) was a regular cavalry regiment of the British Indian Army. They were formed at the start of the Mutiny of 1857 and served in the Great War and World War II.
Formation.
The regiment was founded as two irregular cavalry regiments in 1857, at the outset of the Indian Rebellion of 1857 by Henry Otway Mayne, and was known initially as Mayne's Horse and the 2nd regiment which was known as Beatson's Horse
They were based at the town of Guna, in the state of Gwalior and Augar in central India. In 1860 Mayne's Horse was renamed the 1st Regiment Central India Horse, and Beatson's Horse was renamed the 2nd Regiment Central India Horse.
In 1860 the officer commanding the Central India Horse was made the British political officer for the small states of Raghugarh, Khaniadhana (after 1888), Paron, Garha, Umri, and Bhadaura, which were made a separate charge from that of the Resident of Gwalior. This arrangement was abolished in 1896, when these states were again placed under the resident, with the officer commanding at Guna continuing to act as ex-officio assistant to the Resident, with very limited powers. Both Regiments would serve together in the Second Afghan War.
Twentieth century.
During the Kitchener reorganisation of the Indian Army of 1903, the 1st Regiment became the 38th Regiment Central India Horse, and the 2nd regiment became the 39th Regiment Central India Horse.
In 1906, the regiments were renamed the 38th and 39th Prince of Wales's Own Central India Horse, and in 1910 the 38th and 39th King George's Own Central India Horse.
The Great War.
During the Great War the 38th King George's Own Central India Horse was part of the 5th (Mhow) Cavalry Brigade in the 2nd Indian Cavalry Division the brigade consisted of the;
It later in 1918, joined the 10th Cavalry Brigade, in the 4th Cavalry Division for the Sinai and Palestine Campaign.
and the 39th King George's Own Central India Horse remained in India stationed in Poona.
Amalgamation.
In 1921, the two regiments were amalgamated into the 38th/39th Cavalry, which was renamed the 38th/39th King George's Own Light Cavalry (1922), The Central India Horse (21st King George's Own Horse) (1923), and The Central India Horse (21st King George V's Own Horse) (1937).
World War II.
During World War II the Central India Horse, equipped with Light Tanks and Indian Pattern Carriers, was the divisional reconnaissance regiment for the 4th Indian Division. While attached to the 4th Indian Division they were involved in the Western Desert Campaign, the East African Campaign, the Tunisia Campaign and the Italian Campaign.
It was during the Italian Campaign that two members of the Regiment were posthumously awarded the George Cross: Ditto Ram and St. John Graham Young attached from the Royal Tank Regiment. Notice of the award was published in the "London Gazette" on 20 July 1945. Young had been leading a night patrol on 23 July 1944, when he and his men found themselves in any enemy minefield. He received the full force of a mine explosion, severely injuring both legs. Despite his wounds, his encouragement enabled the majority of his men to reach safety. One of them, Sowar Ditto Ram, was also posthumously awarded the GC for his actions in the same incident.
On March 20, 1942 Captain Arthur Sandeman of the Central India Horse was on secondment to the Burma Frontier Force. He led a 60 man mounted patrol in a cavalry charge against Japanese infantry near Toungoo airfield in central Burma. Most of the patrol (including Sandeman) were killed in what was probably the last cavalry charge by a force under the command of the British crown.
Independence.
Upon India's independence, the Central India Horse (21st King George V's Own Horse) was allocated to India, although a Muslim Punjabi squadron was transferred to the 19th King George V's Own Lancers in exchange for its Jat squadron. When India became a republic in 1950, the regiment was renamed The Central India Horse which is one of the decorated regiment of Indian Army. The Central India Horse is now a tank regiment of the Indian Army's 21 Corps (Southern Command).
External links.
Follow this link to view the uniforms of the late 19th Century

</doc>
<doc id="18299207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299207" title="Micah Johnson (journalist)">
Micah Johnson (journalist)

Micah Johnson is an American broadcast journalist. He is the Chief Executive Officer of Entegy Group - MediaStars Worldwide, headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona. In 1986, Johnson became one of the youngest male anchors at CNN Cable News Network in Atlanta, Georgia. At the network, he anchored Headline News, CNN Radio, and was one of the primary voices of CNN, including Larry King Live.
On-Air Career.
Johnson started his on-air career as a disc jockey at WLEM Radio in Emporium, Pennsylvania at the age of 16. His first television job came at WSEE-TV in Erie, Pennsylvania. Johnson went to WVVA in Bluefield, West Virginia as primary anchor before being hired at CNN in 1986. In 1990 Johnson moved to NBC in Washington where he anchored morning drive on the NBC Radio Network. 
Management career.
Johnson briefly moved into politics as senior producer of radio and television in the United States Senate Republican Conference. From there he held the position of news director at KTSM-TV in El Paso, Texas, WTOV-TV in Steubenville, Ohio/Wheeling, West Virginia, WBRE-TV in Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Pennsylvania, WPXI-TV in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and WVIT-TV in Hartford, Connecticut. In 2002, Johnson joined the Meredith Corporation as Vice president of News Operations - overseeing the broadcast group's 14 television stations. He also created and oversaw Meredith's Washington, DC Bureau. While at Meredith, Johnson recruited entertainment personality Robin Leach to the television group and with him produced many specialty shows from the Billboard Music Awards, Country Music Awards, Grammys and original series "Penthouse F". After Meredith, Johnson briefly partnered with Leach at KVTE-LP in an attempt to launch an all-Vegas television network. Johnson founded Entegy Group/MediaStars Worldwide which represents on-air talent, producers, writers, and hosts. In 2007, Johnson discovered shark expert Jimmy Hall and placed him on Discovery Channel's popular "Shark Week" series. In the middle of the shoot, Hall died in a tragic base jumping accident on Baffin Island in Canada.
Education.
He attended Indiana University of Pennsylvania studying Communications Media. Shortly thereafter, he was awarded the University's "Distinguished Alumni Award". Johnson sits on the IUP Alumni Association's Board of Directors.
Awards.
Johnson is listed in Who's Who in America.

</doc>
<doc id="18299214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299214" title="W. Robert Pearson">
W. Robert Pearson

W. Robert Pearson (born 1943) is a former Foreign Service Officer who served as United States Ambassador to Turkey (2000–2003) and later as Director of Human Resources in the Foreign Service until his retirement in 2006. He became the fourth President of the nonprofit International Research & Exchanges Board (IREX) in November 2008.
Career.
Pearson is a career member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Career Minister. He has a broad background in European and security issues as well as wide management experience overseas and in Washington, D.C. He was the United States Ambassador to Turkey based in Ankara from September 21, 2000 through July 2003 and managed U.S. interests in the country through two severe domestic economic crises, a general election, the war in Afghanistan, and the liberation of Iraq.
Early on he was a member of the U.S. Navy Judge Advocate General’s Corps from 1969 to 1973. A later posting to Beijing, China saw him serve as a political officer (1981–1983) then as staff assistant in the East Asian and Pacific Affairs Bureau. He began his Foreign Service career with a 2–year assignment in Auckland, New Zealand.
Deputy Chief of Mission of the U.S. Embassy to France from July 1997 to July 2000, Pearson closely followed the evolution of the European Union, defense and security issues within the Atlantic Alliance and the EU. He actively promoted business ties between France and the U.S. and helped in the opening of five new American offices in France’s regions. Pearson was appointed Deputy Executive Secretary of the National Security Council from 1985 until 1987.
He served twice at NATO, from 1993 to 1997 as Deputy Permanent Representative to the U.S. Mission during the Balkan crisis and NATO’s enlargement, and from 1987 to 1990 on the international staff as chair of NATO’s Political Committee. Between 1991 and 1993, Pearson was also Executive Secretary of the Department of State.
Education.
Pearson received his BA degree from Vanderbilt University and graduated from the University of Virginia Law School in 1968.
Languages.
He speaks French, Chinese and Turkish.

</doc>
<doc id="18299215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299215" title="Pokkeherrie">
Pokkeherrie

Pokkeherrie is a 1985 album by The Ex, originally released on vinyl only on the Pokabilly label. The original release included an eleven-page booklet containing lyrics & artwork and a double sided poster. It was reissued on compact disc in 1995 on Ex Records. The album comprises a collection of songs the group had performed on an anti-military tour. The title of the album is a Dutch word that means something like "so much noise" or "awful noise". It is the first of the Ex's albums to feature Katrin on drums, cementing the band's core lineup that would last for nearly two decades.

</doc>
<doc id="18299217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299217" title="Laufilitonga">
Laufilitonga

Fatafehi Laufilitonga (24 August 1797 – 9 December 1865) was the 39th and last Tui Tonga, a dynasty of kings in Tonga during the Tui Tonga Empire.
Biography.
Only little is known about Laufilitonga's life.
Laufilitonga was the oldest son of king Fatafehi Fuanunu'iava and his wife Tupou Veiongo Moheofo.
He succeeded his father in 1810 as head of the House of Tonga but was considered too young to become "Tui Tonga". The title had by that time also declined in power and prestige and the real power lay with the Tui Kanokupolu dynasty.
Laufilitonga, however, had ambitions to restore the power of the Tui Tonga and tried to extend his role as spiritual leader into a more political one. He contested "Tāufaāhau" (later to be George Tupou I) residing in the Haapai Islands.
The final resolution of this struggle was the "Battle of Velata", near Tongoleleka on Lifuka, in 1826 in which Laufilitonga was defeated. An important ally at that battle was the chief of Haafeva who had taken side against Laufilitonga.
Although Laufilitonga was installed as Tui Tonga in 1827, the holder of the title no longer had either political or spiritual power.
On November 7, 1851 Laufilitonga converted to catholicism and was baptised with the name "Samuelio Fatafehi Laufilitonga".
After his death in 1865 he was buried in the langi Tuofefafa i in "Mua" and the title Tui Tonga was abolished.

</doc>
<doc id="18299231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299231" title="Xange">
Xange

Open Xange (formerly Xange, Simplis and Vixta) is a general-purpose Linux distribution, based on Fedora. It is modelled as a replacement for Windows, and uses Wine to allow the user to run native Windows binaries.

</doc>
<doc id="18299294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299294" title="Mark Tuniewicz">
Mark Tuniewicz

Mark Tuniewicz is a business executive, trade association chairman, political organizer, and community leader.
Biography.
After 10 years of service on its national board of directors, in 2005 he was named Chairman-Elect of the National Association of Credit Management (NACM), a 20,000 business-member trade association. That same year he was named one of the Top 50 Most Influential Collections Industry Professionals in the United States by Collection Advisor magazine. 
A Certified Credit Executive (CCE) since 1994, Tuniewicz has also served on the board of directors of NACM affiliates including those in New York City, Boston, and Providence. He graduated with honors from Northeastern University in Boston with a degree in Finance and International Business, and has worked in the credit, collections, and accounts receivable areas since 1984.
Tuniewicz speaks regularly to credit and business groups nationwide on best practices in business-to-business credit and treasury matters including commercial credit scoring, high volume collections, cash application, order & billing administration, shared services, and creating high performing teams. He has been quoted in the Wall St. Journal, New York Times, Reuters, Bloomberg News, Business Credit, Credit & Collections Manager’s Letter, The Boston Globe, Credit Today, and other business publications.
Tuniewicz is a member of the Financial Leadership Council, organized by Robert Half International. 
In the 1990s, Tuniewicz served on a New Hampshire Conservation Commission. In 2000 he served on the board of directors of the Massachusetts Municipal Association, and the Association of Town Finance Committees. He was an elected official in Easton, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18299300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299300" title="Aguda">
Aguda

Aguda is an African surname. People with this surname include:
Aguda is a Jurchen personal name. People with this name include:
Aguda is also:
Populations

</doc>
<doc id="18299327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299327" title="Richard Jennings (politician)">
Richard Jennings (politician)

Richard Jennings or Jenyns (c. 1619 – 8 May 1668), was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1642 and 1668. He took the Parliamentary side in the Civil War. He was the father of Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough, who was confidant of Queen Anne.
Jennings succeeded his father, Sir John Jennings, as head of the family in August 1642, and took residence at Sandridge in Hertfordshire. He was also elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for St Albans in succession to his father in 1642. He fought for the parliamentary cause in the Civil War, and was captured by the Royalists and imprisoned for some time. As a moderate he was secluded from parliament under Pride's Purge in December 1648. He was re-elected MP for St Albans in Richard Cromwell's Third Protectorate Parliament in 1659. He took a leading role in the restored Long Parliament during the few weeks of 1660 when the secluded members resumed their seats, and was then elected MP for St Albans for the Convention Parliament. He was re-elected MP for St Albans in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament and sat until his death in 1668.
Jennings married Frances Thornhurst, daughter and heiress of Sir Gifford Thornhurst, 1st Baronet and Susanna Temple. She brought with her the manor of Agney, Kent. Their daughters, Sarah and Frances, were both noteworthy figures at the court of Charles II. Frances, nicknamed "La Belle Jennings", became maid of honour to the Duchess of York in 1664, and eventually by her second marriage to Richard Talbot became Countess of Tyrconnel. Sarah married John Churchill, the future Duke of Marlborough, in 1677, and was highly influential during the reign of Queen Anne.

</doc>
<doc id="18299363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299363" title="Colin Tuaa">
Colin Tuaa

Colin Tuaa is a football player turned manager who represented New Zealand as a player.
Career.
Tuaa's club career involved 275 New Zealand National League appearances and 83 goals.
Tuaa made 10 A-International appearances for New Zealand between 1983 and 1988, scoring 1 goal.
In 2007 Tuaa took charge of the New Zealand U-17 team at he FIFA U-17 World Cup in Korea.
In addition to his role as U-17 coach, Tuaa is head coach at Auckland City FC, having previously coached Nelson Suburbs and Youngheart Manawatu.

</doc>
<doc id="18299375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299375" title="Fisher's Lane Bridge">
Fisher's Lane Bridge

Fisher's Lane Bridge.
Fisher's Lane Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge that carries Fisher's Lane west of Ramona Avenue across Tacony Creek in Tacony Creek Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The closed-spandrel stone arch bridge has a single span of and is wide. It is currently open to traffic.
Though claimed by some to have been re-built in 1796, a still-legible cornerstone in the bridge masonry shows the year 1759.

</doc>
<doc id="18299389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299389" title="Robert Pelletreau">
Robert Pelletreau

Robert Halsey Pelletreau (born July 9, 1935 in Patchogue, New York) is a diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Bahrain (1979–80), Tunisia (1987–91), and Egypt (1991–93), as well as the former Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs. He currently sits on the U.S. Advisory Council of Israel Policy Forum. He is also a member of the American Academy of Diplomacy and Council on Foreign Relations.
Early Years.
Robert H. Pelletreau was born July 9, 1935 in Patchogue, New York. After graduating from Yale University (B.A., 1957), he served in the United States Navy Reserve from 1957- 1958. Later he attended Harvard Law School (LL.B., 1961).
Career.
Ambassador Robert H. Pelletreau entered the Foreign Service in 1962. From 1973 to 1975 Ambassador Pelletreau was a Political Officer in Algiers, Algeria; and served in several capacities in Jordan, Lebanon, Mauritania and Morocco. He became Deputy Chief of Mission in Damascus, Syria in 1975. He remained in that position until 1978. A year later he became the Ambassador to the State of Bahrain until 1980. He became the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Near East and South Asia at the Pentagon, 1980-1981. He was Country Director for Arabian Peninsula Affairs at the Department of State, 1981–1982, and from 1983-1985 the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern and South Asian Affairs at the Department of State. He appeared before the Subcommittee on Europe and the Middle East of the House Foreign Affairs Committee on 26 September 1983 addressing "Major U.S. Interests in the Middle East". He was Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense from 1985-1987. Afterwards, he was Ambassador to the Republic of Tunisia from 1987 to 1991. Prior to his most recent position, Ambassador Pelletreau had served as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the Arab Republic of Egypt on July 31, 1991. Mr. Pelletreau, Jr. was sworn in as Assistant Secretary for Near Eastern Affairs on February 18, 1994.
Family.
He is married and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="18299414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299414" title="Abafungin">
Abafungin

Abafungin (INN) is a broad-spectrum antifungal agent with a novel mechanism of action for the treatment of dermatomycoses.
Abasol is a topical cream formulation of abafungin by York Pharma.
Mechanism of action.
Like imidazole- and triazole-class antifungals, abafungin inhibits the fungal cytochrome P450 enzyme 14α-demethylase. This inhibition prevents the conversion of lanosterol to ergosterol, an essential component of the fungal cytoplasmic membrane.
In addition, abafungin inhibits the enzyme sterol 24-C-methyltransferase, modifying the composition of the fungal membrane.
Abafungin has antibiotic activity against gram-positive bacteria as well as sporicidal activity.

</doc>
<doc id="18299433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299433" title="Marine Corps Key Volunteer Network">
Marine Corps Key Volunteer Network

The Key Volunteer Network (KVN) was an official United States Marine Corps family readiness program. The network consists of Marine spouses called Key Volunteers and they serve in both active duty and reserve units. KVs receive formal training either from classes on base or on-line and are appointed by the unit Commander.
The KVN structure includes a Key Volunteer Advisor (KVA) who is usually the Commanding Officer’s spouse (or spouse of another senior officer), a Key Volunteer Coordinator (KVC) who is the Executive Officer’s spouse (or spouse of another senior officer) as well as a number of additional Key Volunteers (KV) who are spouses of other Marines within the unit.
The Commanding Officers (CO) of individual active duty units rely on the KVN to provide additional support and resource referrals to the Marine families of that unit. Reserve units also utilize the KVN. However, if a unit is widely geographically dispersed, the CO may appoint a parent to serve as a KV or KVC. Marine Forces Reserve parents that are local often have insight into resources and assistance that are available and helpful to unit families. 
The goal of the KVN is to help families achieve and maintain family readiness. This means that they communicate official command information as directed, serve as a communication link between the command and families, and provide information to Marine families through resource referrals as needed. During deployments, the KVN is especially important because they are further utilized as a communications tool to keep families of Marines better informed about mission(s) and tasks of individual units. The Marine Corps believes that if Marines feel their families are supported and taken care of, they are better able to perform efficiently, effectively and safely. 

</doc>
<doc id="18299492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299492" title="Balangoda">
Balangoda

Balangoda is a big town in Ratnapura District, Sabaragamuwa Province, Sri Lanka, governed by an urban council. Its 143 km away from Colombo and 43 km away from Ratnapura. It is one of the biggest towns of the Sabaragamuwa Province. According to the 2001 census Balangoda has a population of 16,875. and area of 16.2 km². 
Balangoda Business Directory.
If you need get more details and contact some business of balangoda login 
search balangoda
www.searchbalangoda.com

</doc>
<doc id="18299499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299499" title="Scrabbling at the Lock">
Scrabbling at the Lock

Scrabbling at the Lock is the first of two albums by Dutch punk band The Ex in collaboration with avant-garde cellist Tom Cora. It is also the first of The Ex's studio albums to feature the work of then Dog Faced Hermans guitarist Andy Moor, who has remained in the band ever since. With the interplay of two guitars, bass, cello, and more prominent female vocals, "Scrabbling at the Lock" marked a turn toward melodic song structures that incorporated elements of free improvisation in The Ex's music. The album cover features the Montparnasse derailment that occurred in October 1895.
Single.
The Ex recorded two versions of the Hungarian folk song, "Hidegen Fújnak a Szelek" ("Cold Winds Are Blowing"), one with Tom Cora and one without. The Coraless version appeared as the third 7" in The Ex's "6" singles series released the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="18299529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299529" title="List of postal codes in Greenland">
List of postal codes in Greenland

Postal codes () in Greenland are 4-digit codes. They were implemented in 1967, based on the territorial divisions of towns and municipalities at the time.
<poem>
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="18299554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299554" title="Paul Llewellyn">
Paul Llewellyn

Paul Llewellyn (born 8 June 1957) is an Australian politician. 
Early life.
Llewellyn graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Biology from Murdoch University in 1977, and a Masters of Science in Natural Resource Management and Policy from the University of Western Australia school of Agricultural and Resource Economics in 1984. He has worked as an environmental planning and management consultant, a builder, and wind-energy planner. He has lived and worked in and around the South West for more than 30 years.
Parliamentary career.
Llewellyn was elected to the Western Australian Legislative Council at the 2005 state election for the Greens WA as one of the seven members representing the South West region. He was elected for a fixed term, which ran until 21 May 2009. 
During his term, he took a leading role in climate, energy and water initiatives. He introduced a range of legislative initiatives into the Parliament, including legislation for renewable energy targets, water conservation targets, solar hot water systems, and emissions controls for power stations. His motion for a gross feed in tariff for renewable energy technologies was passed unanimously through the upper house in 2009.
He retired from the parliament on 21 May 2009.
After politics.
After retiring from parliament, Llewellyn became a director of green power companies Mt Barker Power Company and Denmark Community Windfarm Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="18299578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299578" title="Melissa F. Wells">
Melissa F. Wells

Melissa Foelsch Wells (born November 18, 1932 in Tallinn, Estonia) is a diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Cape Verde and Guinea-Bissau (1976–77), Mozambique (1987–90), Congo-Kinshasa (1991–93), and Estonia (1998–2001). She is a member of the American Academy of Diplomacy.
Wells is the daughter of opera singer and film actress Miliza Korjus (1909–1980).

</doc>
<doc id="18299630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299630" title="Route 531 (Israel)">
Route 531 (Israel)

Route 531 (), is a suburban freeway in the southern Sharon region of Israel, just north of the Tel Aviv Metropolitan Area.
Herzliya–Ra'anana extension.
The highway currently begins at Kfar Malal and Kfar Saba and terminates at Highway 6. In 2008 a PFI tender was issued to continue constructing the highway westward towards Highway 20 (Ayalon Highway) near the Mediterranean coast. By doing so it will pass nearby several large cities and connect all the major north-south highways in the region: Highway 6, Highway 4 and Highway 20. The project also includes extending Highway 20 several kilometers northwards, connecting it and Route 531 to Highway 2 (the Coastal Highway) heading northbound at a new interchange near Ga'ash.
In addition, the project includes constructing a dual-track railway including a long railway tunnel and several passenger stations in the median of the highway along nearly the entire length of the road (using a design similar to the recently completed Route 431 suburban freeway). The new railway will connect the existing Hod HaSharon Railway Station to the Coastal Railway.
Shapir Engineering won the tender to extend the road and railway, but due to financial disagreements and complications caused by the worldwide financial crisis, the government canceled the PFI tender in the summer of 2010. Instead, the project will be funded directly by the treasury and managed by the National Roads Company and be split off to several sections, each of which will be tendered separately at an estimated total cost of NIS 4 billion (equivalent to slightly over US$1 billion), a move which will postpone completion by four years, to late 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="18299633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299633" title="Viron P. Vaky">
Viron P. Vaky

Viron Peter Vaky (born September 13, 1925 in Corpus Christi, Texas, died November 22, 2012) was a diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Costa Rica (1972–74), Colombia (1974–76), and Venezuela (1976). He was a member of the American Academy of Diplomacy and Council on Foreign Relations.
Military service: US Army (1944–46)
University: BS, Georgetown University (1947)
University: MA, University of Chicago (1948)
Professor: Georgetown University
US Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs (1978–79)
US Ambassador to Venezuela (1976)
US Ambassador to Colombia (1974–76)
US Ambassador to Costa Rica (1972–74)
US National Security Council (1969–70)
American Academy of Diplomacy 
Carnegie Endowment for International Peace 
Council on Foreign Relations 
Inter-American Dialogue
Documents declassified and made available in 2013 show that in September 1970, when Vaky was the top deputy to Henry Kissinger, Vaky took a stand against Kissenger's plan to overthrow Salvador Allende who was the democratically elected president of Chile. According to the account published on the National Security Archive, Vaky wrote a memo to Kissinger arguing that coup plotting would lead to "widespread violence and even insurrection." He also argued that such a policy was immoral: "What we propose is patently a violation of our own principles and policy tenets .… If these principles have any meaning, we normally depart from them only to meet the gravest threat to us, e.g. to our survival. Is Allende a mortal threat to the U.S.? It is hard to argue this." 
He had three sons Peter, Paul, and Matthew.
Peter Vaky was a Managing partner in a Private Equity firm in Atlanta, Georgia, VVS Capital.
Peter had three children with Debra Thompson. Benjamin Vaky is an Underwriter for Chartis Insurance in their Environmental Casualty group in Chicago, IL. He was engaged to Stephanie Solley and will marry in Chicago in Summer 2011. Christopher Vaky is a Private Banking Trader with Morgan Stanley in Atlanta. Katie Vaky is a college student in Indiana. She is the only girl born as a Vaky in 53 years.
Paul Vaky is a Spokesperson for the US Department of Justice in Bogata, Colombia.
Matthew Vaky is an accomplished actor/teacher. He graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh with both a BFA and an MFA in Theatre. Currently is a Spanish and Theatre Teacher in Washington D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="18299653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299653" title="Anna Eriksdotter">
Anna Eriksdotter

Anna Eriksdotter or "Anna Ersdotter" (1624 – 15 June 1704), called "Sotpackan" (English: soot-witch), was an alleged Swedish witch. She was the last person to be executed for sorcery in Sweden. 
Background.
Anna Eriksdotter was widely rumored to be a witch for decades before she was put on trial. She was originally from Bollnäs and moved to the village of Skomakarbacken in Lista parish with her husband, who was a soldier, in about 1680. Her ability to heal blood-wounds and her unusual good hand with animals gave her the nickname 'Sotpackan' and cause gossip that she had a pact with Satan. She was for a period a servant of the village vicar, but he fired her when he heard of the gossip. One morning when the vicar was going to the church to give a sermon, seeds were planted on the road to the church, and when he got there, he could not speak.
Trial.
In 1704, Anna Eriksdotter was arrested and imprisoned in Eskilstuna. She was put on trial accused by Nils Jonsson of having caused him blindness, muteness and deafness by the use of magic. Her motive was that Nils had refused to give her tobacco. She had then asked him to give her sausage, a cake and wool, which he had given her, and then went home. A time later, he had been standing talking to dowager Karin when he suddenly felt a whiff of air touch his cheek, and he could feel his face become paralysed, water had come from his right ear and his mouth became twisted. Anna was suspected of having cast a spell on him. She had been called for and asked to remove her curse, of which she had agreed, and he had then felt better. Witnesses confirmed this.
Sentence.
Anna herself freely confirmed the whole story. She claimed that she had performed some spells because Nils Jonsson had acted "Somewhat disgusting" towards her. She also confessed to having put a curse on the vicar as vengeance after he fired her. She claimed to have been in the service of Satan since her childhood, when she had created wolves to attack the neighbour's sheep. She claimed that when she was a girl, her mother had smeared a veal with ointment and flew with her through the chimney to Blockula. The local court judged her as guilty of sorcery and sentenced her to death. The national high court revoked the death sentence. However; the monarch, who had the authority to confirm or revoke any sentence, confirmed the death sentence, despite the high courts recommendation that she should be spared the death sentence because she was old and confused and: ""full with mad imaginations"". She was described as remorseful and: ""very devout in her prays and invocation"".
Execution and aftermath.
She was executed in Eskilstuna by decapitation 15 June 1704. Anna Eriksdotter was executed by decapitation as the last person to be executed for sorcery in Sweden. Her case was an isolated one; few people had been accused of sorcery in Sweden after Malin Matsdotter in 1676, and she was also to be the last one. There was, however, to be one more occasion where people were judged guilty of sorcery, though they did not lead to death sentences. In 1720, a girl in the village Södra Ny in Värmland accused eleven women of child abduction to Satan, and in 1724, those among the accused who had confessed were sentenced to be whipped, which was the last time anyone was judged guilty of sorcery in Sweden. In 1757, a witch hysteria broke out in the parish of Ål in Dalarna, where thirteen women and five men were accused of child abduction to Satan. The governor Pehr Ekman allowed for them to be arrested, interrogated and tortured. The matter was treated by the local authorities and church, and when it became known in the country, it was treated as a scandal: the parliament issued an investigation, the accused were all freed and paid compensation by the aide of Cathérine Charlotte De la Gardie, and governor Ekman, who had accepted charges of witchcraft and allowed torture was sentenced to jail and stripped from his position. Formally, the law of witchcraft was to remain until it was abolished in 1779.

</doc>
<doc id="18299669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299669" title="Ishmael Yartey">
Ishmael Yartey

Ishmael Yartey (born 11 January 1990) is a Ghanaian professional footballer, who plays for Swiss Super League side FC Sion on loan from FC Sochaux-Montbéliard in Ligue 1.
Club career.
Yartey began his youth and professional career with Ghanaian club All Blacks F.C., before joining S.L. Benfica on a 1-year loan deal with a buy option at the end of the contract. Former Benfica's manager Quique Flores was the first manager that called Yartey to train with the senior squad, but his debut with Benfica's shirt was never made.
SC Beira Mar & CD Fatima (loan).
On 15 July 2009, Yartey left S.L. Benfica and signed a one year loan deal with S.C. Beira Mar, then at the end of the season he signed for CD Fatima, another one year loan. In January 2011 he was loaned to S.C. Beira-Mar for the remainder of the 2010–11 Primeira Liga season.
Servette FC (loan).
On 21 June 2011, he was again loaned, this time to Servette F.C. of the Swiss Super League until the end of the 2011–12 Swiss Super League.
Benfica.
In June 2012, Yartey returned to Benfica from his season long loan at Servette FC. He never made his debut for Benfica.
FC Sochaux.
On 19 July 2012, Yartey signed a 4-year contract with French Ligue 1 club FC Sochaux-Montbéliard.
International career.
Yartey represented Ghana U-17 (Black Starlets) in the 2007 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Korea Republic.
On 16 May 2012, Yartey was called up for two of the Ghana national team's 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifications, against Lesotho in Kumasi, Ashanti, Ghana, and on 1 June 2012 and against Zambia in Ndola, Copperbelt Province, Zambia, on 9 June 2012.
Statistics.
Club.
"Correct as of 14 May 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="18299672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299672" title="Leonard S. Unger">
Leonard S. Unger

Leonard Seidman Unger (December 17, 1917 – June 3, 2010) was a diplomat and United States Ambassador to Laos (1962–64), Thailand (1967), and was the last US ambassador to the Republic of China (1974–79). 
Personal life.
Unger was born in San Diego, California and graduated from Harvard College with a Bachelor of Arts in 1939. He was the co-author of "The Trieste negotiations" and co-editor of "Laos : beyond the revolution". After retiring from the foreign service, he taught at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. He died on June 3, 2010 in Sebastopol, California.
Diplomacy career.
Unger was a member of the American Academy of Diplomacy and Council on Foreign Relations. He was also the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Far Eastern Affairs in the Johnson administration. and the head of the Interdepartmental Vietnam Coordinating Committee, a committee set up by President Johnson to explore various 'use of force' options in the period before United States involvement in the Vietnam war escalated. Prior to his involvement in South-East and East Asia, Unger was the United States Political Advisor to the Free Territory of Trieste.

</doc>
<doc id="18299680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299680" title="Wolfgang Lukschy">
Wolfgang Lukschy

Wolfgang Lukschy (born 19 October 1905 – 10 July 1983 in Berlin) was a German actor and dubber. He performed in theater, film and television.
He made over 75 film and television appearances between 1940 and 1979. Possibly his most noted performances worldwide were his roles as Alfred Jodl in the 1962 American war film "The Longest Day" and as John Baxter in Sergio Leone's 1964 production "A Fistful of Dollars" alongside Clint Eastwood and Gian Maria Volonté.

</doc>
<doc id="18299683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299683" title="John Ormsby (Pittsburgh)">
John Ormsby (Pittsburgh)

John Ormsby (1720–1805) was a soldier in the French and Indian War, Pontiac's Rebellion, and the American Revolution, and among the first settlers of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The son of the Anglo-Irish landed gentry, he emigrated from Ireland to the Thirteen Colonies in 1752. After Pontiac's Rebellion, he received a land grant from King George III, and established a homestead on the banks of the Monongahela River. He established extensive economic and merchant interests in Bedford, Pennsylvania, and at the head of the Ohio River.
Family.
John Ormsby was born in 1720 in Ireland, the son of Oliver Ormsby and his wife Deborah Barry. The family was part of the Anglo-Irish gentry; Oliver Ormsby was the third son of Robert Ormsby and Mary Blakeney. The family held an extensive estate, Cloghan, in County Mayo, near the towns of Newton, Ballina, and Gore. Oliver Ormsby married Deborah Barry, the child of a junior branch of the House of Barrymore, whose founder achieved fame in the Eighty Years' War. Ormsby was educated at Trinity College in Dublin. Upon completion of his studies, he emigrated to the Thirteen Colonies. There Ormsby established a small teaching academy in Philadelphia in 1753; the following year, he taught in Lancaster and York, Pennsylvania, and Alexandria, Virginia, in 1754.
Military career.
John Ormsby was a soldier in the French and Indian War. Ormsby was "offered a captain's commission in the colonial contingent of General Braddock's army," but was unable to take any position in the army until 1758, due to a malarial fever lasting three years. When he could join the army, he fought under the command of John Forbes and George Washington to capture Fort Duquesne from the French in 1758.
Ormsby served as King's Commissary as well as paymaster during the erection of Fort Pitt under John Stanwix from 1759 to 1760. He lived in Fort Pitt in 1761. 
During Pontiac's Rebellion in 1763, Indians destroyed his property, stole his horses and goods, and murdered his employees, although there is some controversy about who actually destroyed his property. He later claimed that Stanwix had ordered his house and store destroyed because the Indians were using its provisions and the structures as shelter during their attacks on the fortifications. Ormsby aided in the defense of Fort Pitt during the rebellion. The Indians cut off all supplies to Fort Pitt and maintained a constant offensive. John Ormsby wrote of this, "there was not a pound of good flour or meat to serve the garrison and a number of the inhabitants who joined me to do duty." English troops under the command of Henry Bouquet arrived with food and munitions and defeated the Indians surrounding Fort Pitt.
Land grant.
John Ormsby received a land grant from George III in 1763 for along the south shore of the Monongahela River, in return for his military service. Present-day communities that now occupy the land grant include South Side Flats, South Side Slopes, Mount Oliver, and Carrick.
"Father" of the South Side.
After receiving the land grant, John Ormsby married Jane McAllister in July 1764. The couple moved to Bedford, Pennsylvania, where Ormsby opened a trading store. The Ormsbys started their family on their farm in Bedford, but in 1770 they returned to Pittsburgh, where Ormsby had land and business interests. 
This land stretched from the present-day Smithfield Street Bridge to Becks Run Road along the Monongahela River; Ormsby called it Homestead Farms. In 1773, Ormsby received a license to operate a ferry across the Monongahela River, which connected Pittsburgh with his estates in what is now called the South Side. He operated this ferry, the first in Pittsburgh, until he sold it in 1789. He also established a brickyard and boatyard near his estate. This ferry was later operated by John Patch and served as a contributor to the development and culture of the area in centuries following.
Dr. Nathaniel Bedford married John Ormsby's daughter Jane, and in 1811 Bedford "laid out a town on the flats extending from the south side of the Monongahela River. Although Bedford named the town Birmingham in tribute to his native city," he named four of the streets after the daughters of John Ormsby - Jane, Sarah, Mary, and Sidney. This area is now known as the South Side.
Death.
John Ormsby died intestate in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, in December 1805. He is buried in Trinity Churchyard in downtown Pittsburgh. In September 1840 a lawsuit was filed against Sidney Gregg, a descendant of Oliver and John Ormsby, for the land that had been John Ormsby's until his death and then Oliver's after John's death. The case was seen by the judge due to complications of death intestate, but the land remained in the ownership of the Ormsby descendants by the court's decision.
Memorials and legacy.
Ormsby Street in Mount Oliver, Pennsylvania, is named for John and his family. Mount Oliver itself is named after John's son, Oliver. Located off East Carson Street, on 22nd Street, is a baseball field which bears his name.

</doc>
<doc id="18299696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299696" title="Phillips Talbot">
Phillips Talbot

William Phillips Talbot (June 7, 1915 – October 1, 2010) was a United States Ambassador to Greece (1965-69) and, at his death, member of the American Academy of Diplomacy, the Council of American Ambassadors and the Council on Foreign Relations.
Early life.
Talbot was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and served in the United States Navy during World War II.
Career.
Journalism.
After graduating from University of Illinois in 1936, Talbot started as a reporter for the "Chicago Daily News", where he remained from 1936-38. In 1939, having been turned down for a foreign correspondent position, he left the Chicago Daily News to take a position with the Institute of Current World Affairs in India where he reported on the Indian independence movement. The Phillips Talbot Fellowship was named in his honor and is awarded yearly by the Institute to promising young journalists.
Politics.
Talbot was the United States Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern and South Asian affairs from 1961-65 during the Kennedy and Johnson administrations.
Talbot served as President of Asia Society from 1970-1982 and was awarded the Padma Shri in March 2002 for his efforts in fomenting peace between India and America during his tenure as President.

</doc>
<doc id="18299699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299699" title="A Dead Heavy Day">
A Dead Heavy Day

A Dead Heavy Day is the third studio album by the Finnish gothic metal band Poisonblack. It was released on September 1, 2008 in Europe by Century Media Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18299702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299702" title="Tabanus cordiger">
Tabanus cordiger

Tabanus cordiger also known as the plain-eyed grey horsefly is a species of biting horse-fly. 
See also.
List of soldierflies and allies recorded in Britain

</doc>
<doc id="18299705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299705" title="LaserLock">
LaserLock

LaserLock is a CD-ROM copy restriction technique. It works by including a hidden directory on the CD which contains corrupted data. When the disk is copied, the read device encounters errors due to the hidden directory.

</doc>
<doc id="18299710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299710" title="M&amp;G Records">
M&amp;G Records

M&G Records was a record label founded by Michael Levy after he sold his previous label Magnet Records in 1988 to WEA for an estimated £10 million.
History.
After Magnet was sold and merged into Eastwest Records in the UK, Levy set up M&G Records with backing from Polygram. The name "M&G Records" was derived from the initials of both Levy's first name and that of his wife Gilda. M&G was sold in October 1997 for an undisclosed sum and folded into the main Polydor Records label. Its most successful act was "Sunshine on a Rainy Day" singer Zoe. Other acts included Little Axe, Jai, Raw Stylus, and "Fair Blows the Wind for France" band Pele.

</doc>
<doc id="18299731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299731" title="Cyw">
Cyw

Cyw (Welsh for "Chick", ) is the name of a Welsh language Children's television block from S4C (Channel 4 Wales), which launched on 23 June 2008.
Primarily aimed at children in the 3 to 6 age group, Cyw operates from Monday to Friday from 7am to 1.30pm, and includes programmes which have been previously broadcast by S4C in the "Planed Plant Bach" (Little Children's Planet) slot, such as "Sali Mali", "Myffin Y Mul" ("Muffin the Mule"), "Y Blobs" ("The Blobs"), "Meees", "Sam Tân" and "Bob Y Bildar" ("Bob The Builder") as well as shows being transmitted for the first time in Welsh such as "Dafydd a Bitw ac Owain a Henri", "Heini", "Yr Brodyr Coala" ("The Koala Brothers"), "Rapsgaliwn" and "Caio" ("Caillou") and "Ben a Mali a'u byd bach hud" ("Ben and Holly's Little Kingdom").
Channel presentation.
Idents and graphics.
The channel has a logo built of the word Cyw in the Elementary SF Sans font, the C being in red, the y in yellow and the w in blue. The channel also features 6 characters, created as part of the channel's global identity, which are used as short animated bumpers into programmes.
The characters are a lion named Llew, an elephant named Plwmp, a small fuchsia-coloured bird named Deryn, a giraffe named Jangl, a bulldog named Bolgi, and the channel mascot, Cyw, a small female chick.
Cyw is a commercial channel, in the same format as its parent, S4C, and thus also features a break bumper consisting of the word "Cyw" disappearing gradually off the screen. The end of break bumper is the direct reverse, with the word rebuilding itself back onto the screen.
The future.
In a press release, S4C announced that the plan would be eventually for Cyw to launch as a standalone channel, separate from S4C, whose airspace it currently shares on Sky Digital. This is likely to occur after the switchover to DVB and DTT occurs in the UK in around 2010.
"Stwnsh" has since replaced "Planed Plant", providing two hours worth of programmes, every weekday evening.

</doc>
<doc id="18299751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299751" title="Boney (TV series)">
Boney (TV series)

Boney is an Australian television series produced by Fauna Productions during 1971 and 1972, featuring James Laurenson in the title role of Detective Inspector Napoleon Bonaparte. Two series, each of thirteen episodes were filmed.
The series is centred on Bonaparte, a half-Australian Aboriginal character, created by Arthur Upfield, who wrote twenty nine novels about him from 1929 until his death in 1964.
Production.
Australian TV audiences were introduced to Detective Inspector Napoleon Bonaparte in 1972. "Boney" was a half-Aboriginal detective who tracked murderers by spotting an overturned twig or a crushed ant on the sand. A loner who never failed to crack a case, he was impatient with authority, charming, arrogant and an expert burglar, moving in a world of sunbaked claypans and the most distant reaches of the Outback where only the Aborigines could survive.
Arthur Upfield's books told of a baby found in the bush near the body of his Aboriginal mother (killed for her forbidden relationship with a white man). He was taken to a mission station where he was given the name Napoleon Bonaparte and grew up to be a detective specializing in murder cases. 
During 1963, British film director Michael Powell first visited Australia to preproduce his film, "They're A Weird Mob". There he met actor and theatre businessman John McCallum and Bob Austin (a legal expert) who used their local knowledge to find finance from Australian backers. The film did well, and three years later the trio bought the film and television rights to the Bony detective novels. A script written for Paramount Pictures failed to secure a deal, and Powell moved on to other projects.
By 1970, John McCallum, Bob Austin and veteran Australian producer Lee Robinson had set up Fauna Productions, and having made their reputation with the children's TV series "Skippy the Bush Kangaroo" and "Barrier Reef" and the feature film "Nickel Queen", they found finance to make a series titled "Bonaparte" from various international sources (American investors had shown enthusiasm, but had pulled out when their demand that Bony be completely white was refused).
It was decided to shoot the stories in contemporary Australia, and English playwright and scriptwriter Eric Paice flew over to head the writing team. Signed up to direct alternate episodes were experienced drama helmers Peter Maxwell and Eric Fullilove, and casting for Upfield's unusual half-Aboriginal hero began. "We looked all over Australia!" John McCallum explained later. "Ideally, of course, the part should have been played by a half-Aborigine, and we saw hundreds of people, but it needed someone with very considerable acting experience and expertise. We auditioned white actors in every state, but there was no-one with the right physiognomy and characteristics for the part..." Aboriginal groups feared that black actors were being discriminated against, and publicly denounced Fauna. An English actor was eventually signed, but when he pulled out two weeks before shooting began, McCallum had to fly to London. Having interviewed more than eighty actors, and just about to phone home and postpone production, an actor from New Zealand, James Laurenson, arrived - and McCallum knew he'd found Bony (though Laurenson would have to wear dark makeup for the part).
Upfield had told McCallum that he'd always intended to call his detective "Boney", but a printer's error had changed it to "Bony" - and this preferred spelling replaced "Bonaparte" as the series' name. The crew flew to Alice Springs during July 1971 to film the first episode, "Boney Buys A Woman". Twelve-hour six-day working weeks bonded the producers, cast and crew. "It wasn’t an easy series to shoot," John McCallum said later. "The long lines of communication to Sydney added to our difficulties and costs. Rushes took days, sometimes weeks to get to us. The heat was appalling for most of the time and the flies worse. But we had a splendid crew who would work in the blazing sun or the pouring rain... they complained, of course, but they did it!".
The first series having been well-received in Australia and internationally, a further thirteen episodes were filmed, co-starring Kate Fitzpatrick as Boney's assistant Constable Alice McGorr. In contrast to the greater popularity that Upfield's character Bony had in the United States compared to Australia, the series was not shown in America. According to John McCallum, several attempts to sell the series to distributors in the United States were rejected as they could not accept that a police detective, along with most of the criminals he hunted, did not use firearms.
While some episodes are set in towns, the unique atmosphere of "Boney" lies in its use of the Outback - the best stories take place in scorched orange landscapes where the white person is an outsider, and Boney needs all his inherited skills to solve the crime. Wonderful images abound: a white-haired Aboriginal chief touring his lands in a rusty car pulled by camels; a car pushed into the path of a train by a combine harvester; a ghostly Aborigine revenge squad implacably hunting a murderer - and spearing him.
Australian Aboriginal people are represented as dignified characters in the series - low-key, reserved, but dangerous when angered, operating on the edges of the white world, but sometimes willing to help Boney, often using telepathy or magic.
James Laurenson’s Boney is magnetic, arrogant yet charming, exasperatingly self-confident and determined not to take "No" for an answer (unless it's the answer he wants). "James gave an excellent performance," John McCallum said later. "He looked right and he sounded right, and I think Arthur Upfield would have been very pleased with him." 
In 1992, a series entitled "Bony" was shown in Australia. Its thirteen episodes were produced by Grundy, a company known for packaging quiz show formats and producing soap operas. Starring 26 year-old actor and singer Cameron Daddo, the "Bony" pilot film was about Inspector Bonaparte’s grandson David, himself a detective - but (reacting to complaints from Aboriginal viewers) in the resulting series Daddo’s character was a white policeman who had been brought up by Aboriginals, and who had an elderly black mentor, his uncle (played by Burnum Burnum). Partly funded by the West German broadcaster ZDF, which had put money into the 1971/2 series, the producers had bought the name "Bony", but the series bore no other relation to the Upfield books nor the Fauna series.
Record producer Frank Farian named the 1970s disco band Boney M. after the character Bonaparte.

</doc>
<doc id="18299760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299760" title="List of fly fishing waters in North America">
List of fly fishing waters in North America

The articles listed below on specific bodies of water—seas, lakes, rivers, etc. have significant content on the subject of fly fishing for the fish that swim in them or are notable fly fishing destinations in North America.
Canada.
Trout Fishing River* and Salmon Fly Fishing river**.

</doc>
<doc id="18299761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299761" title="Tabanus glaucopis">
Tabanus glaucopis

Tabanus glaucopis also known as the downland horsefly is a species of biting horse-fly. 

</doc>
<doc id="18299772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299772" title="List of call centre companies">
List of call centre companies

__NOTOC__
The following is a list of call centre companies:

</doc>
<doc id="18299780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299780" title="Gulbenkian Professor of Armenian">
Gulbenkian Professor of Armenian

The Gulbenkian Professorship of Armenian Studies at Oxford University was created in 1965 from funds provided by the late Calouste Gulbenkian.
There have been three occupants:

</doc>
<doc id="18299782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299782" title="Thomas Gilbert (pioneer)">
Thomas Gilbert (pioneer)

Thomas Gilbert (b. 1789, d. 1873), a pioneer of South Australia, was its first Colonial Storekeeper (a government official responsible for all government stores) and its first Postmaster.
London Origins.
Prior to coming to Australia, Thomas Gilbert worked in Leadenhall Street, London, with his brother William as opticians to the East India Company. Their "experiments for the improvements of glasses were so extensive that the Government assisted them by a suspension of the Excise supervision, so that their large outlay should not be increased by the payment of duty". Many early South Australian settlers were those who had relinquished good positions in Britain to help establish "a model state which would not reproduce the inequalities of older countries".
Colonial Storekeeper.
In London Gilbert had been appointed the task of operating the Colonial Storehouse by the South Australian Association formed by Robert Gouger. He arrived at Nepean Bay, Kangaroo Island, South Australia on 11 September 1836 with other first settlers and surveyors on the "Cygnet" before travelling on to the mainland to establish the Colonial Storehouse at Adelaide.
Gilbert attended the Proclamation of South Australia at Glenelg on 28 December 1836. He is said to have proclaimed the toast: "Mrs Hindmarsh and the Ladies" at the event.
Thomas Gilbert's storehouse, post office and residence, known as the Colonial Store and the adjacent Iron Store, were the first European structures built on the Adelaide plains. These temporary huts were built on the banks of the River Torrens, on the present City of Adelaide Golf Links, just south of Strangways Terrace, North Adelaide. All manner of pioneering equipment, rations, hardware, and clothing were issued from this store to government parties such as builders, surveyors, police, and the Protector of Aborigines. Also, to assist the pioneering population some items and rations were sold when there were general shortages.
It was always expected that the Colonial Storekeeper position would eventually become redundant when settlement became so well developed as to support commercial suppliers to government, selected by a Supply and Tender Board answerable to a Commissioner of Public Works.
Postmaster.
In addition to his normal duties, on 10 April 1837, shortly after the Proclamation of South Australia, Thomas Gilbert was appointed by Governor Hindmarsh as first Postmaster in South Australia, with the first post office being operated from his private residence. Thomas Gilbert was never officially given the title of Postmaster General and was granted a salary of thirty pounds per year for the Postmaster position. He managed the post office for approximately fifteen months, at which point he lodged a grievance with the South Australian Government as he had not been paid for this role. The Government published an official censure on Gilbert and, as a result, he resigned the position of Postmaster effective 13 December 1838 but continued in his capacity as Colonial Storekeeper. Officially, the General Post Office in Adelaide does not recognise Thomas Gilbert as the first Postmaster General and, instead, they have an oil painting of Charles Todd as their first Postmaster General.
Civic Activity.
Gilbert was highly regarded among his fellow colonists, holding various official positions including magistrate. He was a member of the Street Naming Committee and a founding member of the South Australian Literary and Scientific Association, which was first established in London in 1834. Gilbert was also a founding member of the South Australian Lodge of Friendship No. 613. He was elected and initiated into Freemasonry the first meeting of the Lodge which was held in 1834 at the South Australian Association in London. He later was elected Master of the Lodge of Friendship on the 14 August 1838 and over the next years served a number of terms as its Master.
Thomas Gilbert retired as Colonial Storekeeper on 31 December 1854, being replaced by John Vidal James (1820-97), son-in-law of Sir James Hurtle Fisher. Along with Thomas Lipson, the government granted him a lifetime pension. He died on 30 May 1873 aged 84 years of age and is buried in West Terrace Cemetery, Adelaide. On his gravestone is written "Erected by a few colonialists in token of their sincere admiration of his honorable and generous qualities as a public officer and faithful friend".
Legacy.
Gilbert Street in the city centre of Adelaide is named after Thomas Gilbert. The Gilbert Valley in mid-north South Australia, along with the river flowing through it (the Gilbert River) are also named after him, with the town of Riverton deriving its name from this same river.

</doc>
<doc id="18299790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299790" title="Tabanus maculicornis">
Tabanus maculicornis

Tabanus maculicornis also known as the narrow-winged horsefly is a species of biting horse-fly. 

</doc>
<doc id="18299805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299805" title="Haematoxylum">
Haematoxylum

Haematoxylum is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="18299806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299806" title="Blissed Out (The Beloved album)">
Blissed Out (The Beloved album)

Blissed Out is a 1991 remix album by the British pop / dance act The Beloved, and a sister release of the 1990 studio album by the band, the UK #14 "Happiness", which had generated four hit single releases.
Background.
The success of their previous long playing work pushed the group to first follow it up with a brand new song, called "It's Alright Now," which failed to make the UK Top 40, stopping at Number 46, but helped promoting the new compilation, mostly being an expanded remodelled version of "Happiness", as the title itself suggested. Almost all of the songs from the Beloved second album (which dropped the initial article "The" from their name for this new release) featured on one of the three available editions, in one or more remixed versions, also including an alternative cut of "It's Alright Now" itself, and a couple of instrumental tunes, namely "Pablo (Special K Dub)," and "Paradise (My Darling, My Angel)," both non-album tracks up to then, though the latter already featured as the B Side to the Beloved's first UK Top 20 single and international big hit, "Hello," which caused massive media exposure for the CD single that contained it and its related tracks. 
The remix album was also promoted by a related remix EP, featuring a medley of selected remixes from the album, and particularly by a promo of "Up, Up and Away", one of its best remixes, and also the one remaining song from "Happiness" that the label originally intended to release as a further single, before opting for a totally brand new track. As mentioned above, the new long playing work was released in 3 different editions, varying as for length and track listing, depending upon the related format: the vinyl LP, the shortest of the three, includes 8 tracks; the CD version, which is the only one being currently available, features 11 songs; and the MC edition, the richest, contains 16 remixes, its final song being "Acid Love," which represented the band's first try at releasing a dance-oriented item, resulting in an unsuccessful double A-side single, along with "Loving Feeling," back in 1988, though paving the way for "The Sun Rising," which soon became a club favourite, and a little later their first UK hit. The latter included a sample taken from the Hyperion Records recording of "O Euchari" as sung by Emily Van Evera, which was only credited here for the first time, and only on the cassette version, but not on any of the original formats then marketed for the "Happiness" album, which contained the single version of "The Sun Rising." This step marked a very important achievement for future credits of samples, which became mandatory from then on.
Incidentally, "It's Alright Now" and the 1991 remix album were the last works made by Jon with original band member Steve Waddington at the time (both appear for the first time ever as a duo on a photograph in the compact disc booklet). In fact, by 1993, Waddington definitively left the group, together with the definite article in the band's name, and was replaced by Jon's wife, Helena Marsh, for Beloved's next album, "Conscience" (but the couple of remixers here featuring as Adam & Eve are thought to be Jon and Helena already working together under a psudonym, a means that soon they would often use to separate the image of the producing duo from that of the band members). Lately, though, Jon has collaborated with Steve and others on new material, although this is still unfinished as of July 2008, but a new album is scheduled for late 2008, which would make it the first new studio album from the Beloved after 1996 "X".

</doc>
<doc id="18299819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299819" title="Abanoquil">
Abanoquil

Abanoquil (INN) is an α1-adrenergic receptor antagonist.

</doc>
<doc id="18299832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299832" title="Tabanus miki">
Tabanus miki

Tabanus miki also known as the plain-eyed brown horsefly is a species of biting horse-fly. 

</doc>
<doc id="18299852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299852" title="St. Joseph's Senior Secondary School, NTPC, Dibiyapur">
St. Joseph's Senior Secondary School, NTPC, Dibiyapur

St. Joseph's Senior Secondary School is a school in Dibiyapur, a small town in the district of Auraiya, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is a Catholic Christian educational institution run by the St. Thomas Educational and Medical Society.
History.
In 1986 when St. Joseph's Church, NTPC, Dibiyapur originated, the dream of late Rev. Fr. Issac Kochupura was fulfilled. During those initial days of the Power Plant he used to visit the Christian families at Dibiyapur and offer Holy Mass for them in the NTPC colony. As per their request it was decided to open a School for the Company employees children which was inaugurated by Rt. Rev. Dr Cecil De Sa the Archbishop of Agra on 15 July 1989. 
The school is located inside the township of NTPC's Auraiya Gas Power Station, Alok Nagar, Dibiyapur. This school was established in 1989 having a very small number of students ( 31 students ) and few teachers run in two CISF quarters at NTPC Township. The NTPC Recreation Centre also worked as the school building during the early days of this school. But the proper building was constructed in 2006 when the number of students in the school grew due to students interested in taking admission from outside the township, that is, from the town Dibiyapur and from the district Auraiya.
Description.
This co-educational institution is managed by St.Thomas Educational and Medical Society, Etawah and affiliated to CBSE, Delhi. Today this school has about 1400 students and a 50 teaching and non-teaching staff. The school is from kindergarten to 12th class (CBSE) with streams of Science, Commerce & Humanities available for its students of senior secondary grade. Most of the teachers are Keralaites including some nuns except for Hindi and Sanskrit teachers. The present manager of the school is Rev. Father Binson Nabiamadam and principal is Rev. Sister Jyoti.
The school has its nearest branch at the NTPC GAIL ROAD Dibiyapur. This is an elementary school of pre-nursery to 3rd class students. It was started in July 2011. Another mission (ST.FRANCIS ACADEMY)has recently come up at Auraiya in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18299855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299855" title="Bony (TV series)">
Bony (TV series)

Bony is an Australian television series made in 1992. The series of 13 episodes followed on from a telemovie made in 1990. The series was criticised for casting a white man (Cameron Daddo) as the title character Detective David John Bonaparte (Bony), under the tutelage of "Uncle Albert", an elderly Aborigine played by Burnum Burnum. Bony was supposed to be a descendent of the Bony character created by Arthur Upfield in dozens of novels from the late 1920s until his death in 1964.
Pilot.
The pilot movie to the series aired in 1990. It concerned Bony investigating an attempted rape allegation.

</doc>
<doc id="18299860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299860" title="William L. Swing">
William L. Swing

William Lacy Swing (born September 11, 1934 in Lexington, North Carolina) is the Director General of the International Organization for Migration. He is a diplomat and former United States Ambassador, and United Nations Special Representative of the Secretary-General and Under Secretary General.
Education.
Ambassador Swing graduated from Catawba College in North Carolina (Bachelor of Arts). He received his Bachelor of Divinity from Yale University. He did post-graduate studies at the University of Tübingen in Germany. He was a Fellow at Harvard University from 1976-1977.
He holds an honorary degree from Hofstra University (Doctor of Humane Letters), and is an Honorary Fellow of Harris Manchester College, Oxford.
He speaks fluent French and German.
United Nations.
Western Sahara.
Ambassador Swing served as UN Special Representative of the Secretary-General to Western Sahara from 2001–2003. He was Chief of Mission for the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara (MINURSO).
Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Ambassador Swing then successfully led all facets of the largest UN peacekeeping operation in history in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (May 2003 - January 2008). He was appointed as Special Representative of the Secretary General to the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of Congo (MONUC), with the rank of Under Secretary General. MONUC, now known as MONUSCO (United Nations Organization Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo), is the UN’s largest peace operation. The Mission is engaged in the peace process and providing security support to the country as it seeks to end armed conflict in the war torn eastern part of the Congo.
International Organization for Migration.
In June 2008 he was elected Director General of the International Organization for Migration (IOM).
The IOM works to ensure that the estimated 1 billion international migrants and internally displaced persons – roughly one out or every seven persons in the world - are treated with dignity and recognized for the contributions they make. In the face of rising anti-immigrant attitudes and policies at home and abroad as a result of the global financial crisis, the IOM seeks to educate leaders, governments and the general public about the positive roles immigrant populations can have to address demographic, labor market and economic trends.
Awards.
He is a member of the American Academy of Diplomacy. In 2012, he received the American Foreign Service Association’s Award for Lifetime Contributions to American Diplomacy.

</doc>
<doc id="18299863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299863" title="Neurography">
Neurography

Neurography may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18299880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299880" title="List of countries by feldspar production">
List of countries by feldspar production

This is a list of countries by feldspar in 2011 mostly based on British Geological Survey accessed in April 2013.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="18299902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299902" title="A Decree of Destiny">
A Decree of Destiny

A Decree of Destiny is a 1911 American short silent romantic drama film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring Mary Pickford and featuring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18299903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299903" title="Rock On!!">
Rock On!!

Rock On !! is a 2008 Indian rock musical film written and directed by Abhishek Kapoor, produced by Farhan Akhtar, and with music by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy. The film marks the successful Bollywood debut of Farhan Akhtar and Prachi Desai.
Arjun Rampal, Farhan Akhtar, Luke Kenny, and Purab Kohli star as members of the Mumbai-based grunge rock band, "Magik" (formed in 1998) who reunite in 2008. The winner of seven Filmfare awards, "Rock On" was critically acclaimed but had an average performance at the box office. The cast of "Rock On" was featured on the cover of the September 2008 issue of "Rolling Stone (India)". Its screenplay has also been added to the Academy Film Archive.
Plot.
"Rock On" begins in Mumbai, with the rock band Magik, in 1998. Joseph (Joe) Mascarhenas (Arjun Rampal) is the lead guitarist who feels necessity to prove his worth as a musician. Aditya Shroff (Farhan Akhtar) is the lead singer who rebelled against his well to-do family to play music. Rob Nancy (Luke Kenny) and Kedar Zaveri or KD/"Killer Drummer" (Purab Kohli) comprise the remainder of the band. After a competition is announced by Channel V, they decide to enter, as the winner will be offered an album and one music video.
After they win the competition, Joe feels slighted when his song is excluded from the music video to make space for a random remix song, whereas his girlfriend, Debbie (Shahana Goswami) is rejected as the band's stylist. Later, when the cameramen focus only on Aditya during the filming of the music video, Joe becomes furious at Aditya before leaving with Debbie. Aditya is shocked and abandons music and his girlfriend Tania (Nicolette Bird). "Magik" thus disbands and its members become estranged.
Ten years later, Aditya is a high-powered executive of an investment banking firm. His wife Sakshi (Prachi Desai), hoping to relieve his habitual resentment, decides to plan a party for his birthday. K.D., who now works for his father's jewelry business, overhears Sakshi talking about Aditya and introduces himself. Sakshi later conveys the meeting to Aditya who denies knowing K.D. When Sakshi finds a box filled with Magik's photos, she invites K.D. to the birthday party, telling him she wants to reunite Aditya with the band.
K.D. meets with Rob, who now makes a living composing jingles for advertisements, and they invite Joe, who lives largely unemployed, with an eight-year-old son. The family is largely supported by Debbie, whom he has married and who holds a grudge against the band. K.D. and Rob thus attend the party without Joe, and Aditya is shocked to see them. He later scolds Sakshi, who leaves him alone. Sakshi's friend Devika (Koel Purie) persuades Aditya to meet with his ex-bandmates, and reconciles with Joe. They start practicing regularly. Learning about this, Sakshi returns home.
Channel V announces another contest, and at Rob's insistence, the band enters. Debbie arranges a guitar-playing job for Joe on a cruise-line, expected to set sail on the same day as the contest. It is later discovered that Rob is dying of a brain tumour and his last wish is to perform with Magik. The contest is aired on the radio, and while Joe is on his way to the airport, he hears Magik play the song he wrote for Debbie 10 years ago, and dedicate it to him. This prompts him to join the concert, where he and Aditya sing duet in another song. The epilogue reveals that Rob died two months after that performance. Sakshi gives birth to a baby boy, whom they name "Rob" as a memorial to their friend. Devika is dating K.D., who starts a record company with Joe. Debbie quits her job in the fishing business and becomes a successful stylist. The band members and their families meet every weekend.
Response.
Box office.
Despite critical acclaim, the film only grossed 380 million domestically; Box Office India labeled it as an "average grosser". Overseas it was moderately well received.
Critical reception.
"Rock On" was well received by a number of critics. Subhash K. Jha gave "Rock On" a rave review. He states: "Seldom has a film blended the music of life into the fabric of a film with such seamless expertise. "Rock On!!" is that rarity where every component character and episode falls into place with fluent virility." Nikhat Kazmi of the "Times of India" gave it four stars and argued, "if you really want to see how Bollywood has matured and come of age, then here's the perfect litmus test. For "Rock On" is a film that not only breaks new ground in terms of its subject matter – now when has desi movielore ever tackled something akin to Hollywood's "That Thing You Do" — it creates a whole new EQ (emotional quotient) for mainstream cinema." Khalid Mohamed, of the "Hindustan Times" gave the film three and a half out of four stars and describes it as "hard candy." He also states that "the performances are of the highest order". Manish Gajjar of the BBC gave "Rock On!!" four out of five stars and describes it as "an enthralling watch, with entertaining moments to make you smile. Predicted to be a cult movie for many years to come, it truly deserves the Bollywood awards this year! A must-see whether you are a rock fan or not!" Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama gave "Rock On!!" four out of five stars and states: "Put your hands together for one of the finest films of our times. Put your hands together for a director who pulls off a challenging subject with élan. Put your hands together for the actors who pitch in superlative performances." Kaveree Bamzai of "India Today" called "Rock On" "refreshing" and "surprisingly quiet and thoughtful."
Other critics gave the film mixed reviews. Rajeev Masand of CNN-IBN gave the film three out of five stars and states: "With "Rock On", director Abhishek Kapoor promises a true-blue band film, but ultimately delivers a masala Hindi film that just happens to be about a band [...] Yet, "Rock On" is rescued by some marvelous moments that stay with you until the end."
Sequel.
After the success of "Rock On", a sequel was announced but has not yet begun production. As of early 2010, director Abhishek Kapoor had no concrete plans for the sequel. However, he has confirmed that he plans to make a sequel to "Rock On". Arjun Rampal and Farhan Akhtar are returning for the sequel since they have been keen on starting the sequel since 2008. The film is yet to begin production. As of February 2013, the writers confirm Prachi Desai and Shahana Goswami to be the part of sequel too. A fresh female face would also be introduced. The film will be based on male-bonding. The music will be composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, with lyrics by Javed Akhtar.

</doc>
<doc id="18299908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299908" title="Roscoe S. Suddarth">
Roscoe S. Suddarth

Roscoe Seldon "Rocky" Suddarth (August 5, 1935 – June 29, 2013) was an American career diplomat. Suddarth was a Foreign Service Officer and served as United States Ambassador to Jordan from 1987 to 1990. He served as the secretary of the American Academy of Diplomacy until his death.
Career.
Suddarth graduated from Yale University, where he was a member of Scroll and Key Society, with a Bachelor of Arts in 1956 and from New College, Oxford with a Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts in 1958. He served in the Air National Guard from 1958 to 1961.
Suddarth joined the United States Foreign Service in 1961 and served as third secretary at the U.S. Embassy in Bamako, Mali, from 1961 to 1963. From 1963 to 1965, he took Arabic language training at the Foreign Service Institute at the U.S. Embassy in Beirut, Lebanon. From there he was assigned first as second secretary to the U.S. Embassy in Sana'a, Yemen Arab Republic from 1965 to 1967, and then to the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli, Libya from 1969 to 1971.
Suddarth returned to State Department Headquarters as the Libyan desk officer until 1971, when he took university training at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, graduating with a Master of Science in 1972. From 1972 to 1973, he served as politico-military officer in the Bureau of Politico-Military Affairs in the Department of State, to be followed as deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Amman, Jordan from 1975 to 1979.
Suddarth became Executive Assistant to the Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs from 1979 to 1981. He then participated in the senior seminar for a year before becoming deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. From 1985 to 1987 Suddarth was Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern and South Asian Affairs.
President Ronald Reagan nominated Suddarth to be United States Ambassador to Jordan on July 31, 1987. Confirmed by the Senate, he presented his credentials on September 16, 1987. Suddarth left the post on July 27, 1990.
Suddarth was Deputy Inspector General of the Department of State from 1991 to 1994 and International Affairs Advisor and Professor at the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island from 1993 to 1994. He retired from the Foreign Service in June 1995 with the rank of Career Minister.
After retiring Suddarth became president of the Middle East Institute. Suddarth also served as president of the American-Iranian Council as on the Board of Advisors of the Center for Contemporary Arab Studies at the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University.
In 2008 Suddarth received his master's degree in music from the University of Maryland, College Park; his thesis was "French Stewardship of Jazz: The Case of French Musique and French Culture."
Suddarth was articulate in Arabic, French, and Spanish. He had two children with wife of fifty years, Michele.

</doc>
<doc id="18299917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299917" title="Abitesartan">
Abitesartan

Abitesartan (INN) is an Angiotensin II receptor antagonist.

</doc>
<doc id="18299941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299941" title="Sieghardt Rupp">
Sieghardt Rupp

Sieghardt Rupp (June 14, 1931 in Bregenz, Vorarlberg, Austria) is an Austrian actor who has performed in film and television and later theatre.
He has made over 55 film and TV appearances since 1959 but his career was at its peak in the 1960s. He became known for his performances in gangster or western films in the 1960s where he typically portrayed a bandit or mercenary. His dark features, similar to those of his Italian co-stars meant that he could play Latin characters, such as Mexicans.
His most noted western performance was his role as Esteban Rojo in Sergio Leone's 1964 production "A Fistful of Dollars" alongside Clint Eastwood and Gian Maria Volonté. He appeared in many other westerns in the 1960s such as "Blood at Sundown" (1966) although he appeared in the romantic adventure "Angelique and the Sultan" in 1968. 
After 1970 his film career diminished. However he made several TV appearances afterwards, notably in Tatort as Investigator Kressin between 1971 and 1973 and he made an appearance in the long running police series SOKO 5113 in 1990. 
From 1985 he performed at the Theater in der Josefstadt in Vienna on stage.
He retired from film and television acting in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18299942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299942" title="11th Prince Albert Victor's Own Cavalry (Frontier Force)">
11th Prince Albert Victor's Own Cavalry (Frontier Force)

The 11th Cavalry (Frontier Force) also known as PAVO Cavalry, is an armoured regiment of the Pakistan Army. It was previously known as the 11th Prince Albert Victor's Own Cavalry (Frontier Force) and was a regular cavalry regiment of the old British Indian Army. It was formed in 1921 by the amalgamation of the 21st Prince Albert Victor’s Own Cavalry (Frontier Force) and the 23rd Cavalry.
21st Prince Albert Victor's Own Cavalry (Frontier Force) (Daly's Horse).
The 21st Prince Albert Victor's Own Cavalry (Frontier Force) (Daly's Horse) was raised as the 1st Punjab Irregular Cavalry by Lieutenant Henry Daly at Peshawar on 18 May 1849. It was one of five regiments of Punjab Cavalry raised to guard the North West Frontier of India, which soon became famous as part of the legendary Punjab Frontier Force or the Piffers. Over the next decades, the regiment saw extensive service on the Frontier. During the Indian Mutiny of 1857-58, the regiment operated in North India and took part in the Siege of Delhi and the Relief of Lucknow, where Lieutenant John Watson won the Victoria Cross. During the Second Afghan War of 1878-80, it formed part of Kandahar Field Force and fought in the Battle of Ahmad Khel. In 1890, Prince Albert Victor, the Crown Prince of Britain was gazetted as their Colonel-in-Chief, giving his name to the regiment, which has endured to this day. During the First World War, the regiment served in the Mesopotamian Campaign as part of 6th Indian Cavalry Brigade. It fought on the Tigris Front and took part in the capture of Kut al Amara and Baghdad. It also fought in the Actions of Istabulat, Ramadi, Daur and Tikrit. Later it saw service in Kurdistan and took part in the capture of Kirkuk.
23rd Punjab Cavalry (Frontier Force).
The 23rd Cavalry was raised as the 3rd Punjab Irregular Cavalry by Lieutenant WG Prendergast at Lahore in 1849, and it too saw extensive service on the Frontier with the Punjab Frontier Force. During the Second Afghan War, it took part in Lord Roberts' famous march from Kabul to Kandahar as part of the Kabul Field Force and fought in the Battle of Kandahar. During the First World War, the regiment served in Mesopotamia as part of the 11th Indian Cavalry Brigade and was part of General Townsend's failed advance towards Baghdad. It then served on the Tigris Front. Later on, it moved to the Euphrates Front and fought in the Battles of Khan Baghdadi and Sharqat. One of its squadron served in Persian Arabistan. On their return to Indian they saw service in the Third Afghan War of 1919.
After the First World War, the number of Indian cavalry regiments was reduced from thirty-nine to twenty-one. However, instead of disbanding the surplus units, it was decided to amalgamate them in pairs. This resulted in renumbering and renaming of the entire cavalry line. The 21st and 23rd Cavalry were amalgamated in 1921 to form 11th Prince Albert Victor’s Own Cavalry (Frontier Force).
The uniform of PAVO Cavalry was blue with scarlet facings. The new regiment's badge consisted of the Kandahar Star representing the five rivers of the Punjab. Its class composition was one squadron each of Punjabi Muslims, Sikhs and Dogras. The regiment was mechanised in 1940. During the Second World War, it initially served in Syria and Iran, and then went on to North Africa, where it fought in the Battle of Gazala. It then moved to Burma, where it greatly distinguished itself against the Japanese. In 1946, the regiment was sent to the Dutch East Indies (Indonesia) to pacify the country after the surrender of the Japanese.
On Partition of India in 1947, PAVO Cavalry was allotted to Pakistan. The regiment was soon engaged in fighting the Indians in Kashmir. In 1956, Pakistan became a republic and all titles pertaining to British royalty were dropped. The regiment's new designation was 11th Cavalry (Frontier Force). During the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965, 11th Cavalry took part in Pakistan Army's advance towards Akhnur in Kashmir. It then fought in the Battle of Chawinda. In 1971, the regiment again served in the Chhamb Sector of Kashmir. It is the only armoured regiment of Pakistan Army to carry Battle Honours on its Regimental Colours for all three wars fought with India.
Badge.
The badge worn by 11 Cavalry (Frontier Force) since 1974 is an amalgamation of badges of 21st Prince Albert Victor’s Own Cavalry (Frontier Force) (Daly’s Horse) and 23rd Punjab Cavalry (Frontier Force). It consists of “KABUL TO KANDHAR STAR” taken from the badge of 23rd Punjab Cavalry that participated in the Second Afghan War. The swords are taken from the badge of 21st PAVO Cavalry, however, Christian Swords were replaced by Muslim Swords. The Arabic Numerals “١١” replaced the English Numerals “11”. Quranic Verse replaced “KABUL TO KANDHAR 1880” around the Numeral “١١”. The bugle on top shows association of this regiment with PIFFERS.
Battle Honours.
Delhi 1857, Lucknow, Ahmad Khel, Kandahar 1880, Afghanistan 1878-80, Kut al Amara 1917, Baghdad, Khan Baghdadi, Sharqat, Mesopotamia 1915-18, Afghanistan 1919, El Mechili, Halfaya 1941, Bir Hacheim, North Africa 1940-43, Relief of Kohima, Monywa 1945, Mandalay, Myinmu Bridgehead, Capture of Meiktila, The Irrawaddy, Rangoon Road, Burma 1942-45, Kashmir 1948, Dewa-Chamb 1965, Chawinda 1965, Chhamb 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18299971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299971" title="Düsseldorf Stadtbahn">
Düsseldorf Stadtbahn

__NOTOC__ 
The Düsseldorf Stadtbahn, together with the Rhine-Ruhr S-Bahn and the Düsseldorf Straßenbahn (Tram), is the backbone of the public transport system of Düsseldorf, Germany, and is integrated in the Rhine-Ruhr Stadtbahn network. The Stadtbahn officially opened on August 6, 1988, and is operated by Rheinbahn AG. , the Stadtbahn network currently consists of seven lines, operating on , and serving 99 stations, 17 of which are underground stations (Duesseldorf: 11, Duisburg: 6 (U79)). 
Current lines.
The grayed-out lines are planned lines ("U80") or lines which are under construction ("U71-U73" (Low Floor)). U70 is a rush-hour-only "express" line. 
Future expansion.
The current Stadtbahn expansion project under construction is a new tunnel from the Düsseldorf-Bilk station in the south of the city to the Düsseldorf-Wehrhahn station. The name of this new underground route is "Wehrhahn-Linie". This tunnel is projected to be completed in 2015. As with every other underground line opened previously in Düsseldorf, the "Wehrhahn-Linie" will be a replacement for surface tram lines, with current tram lines 703, 712 and 713 expected to be replaced with Stadtbahn service. With completion of the project, trams on this line will enter the new tunnel over a ramp at Bilk railway station and run from there underneath the city centre towards the north-east, where they will emerge shortly before Wehrhahn railway station. Five new underground stations are under construction for the new line, which will serve a daily passenger volume of approximately 53,000.
Rolling Stock.
There are a total of 135 trainsets for the Düsseldorf Stadtbahn. There are 103 six-axle articulated tramsets (B80), and 32 eight-axle articulated tramsets.

</doc>
<doc id="18299979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299979" title="Monteagle Stearns">
Monteagle Stearns

Monteagle Sterns (born December 5, 1924 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) is an American diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Côte d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) (1976–79) and Greece (1981–85). He attended Columbia University in 1948 and graduated with his B.A. He is a member of the American Academy of Diplomacy and Council on Foreign Relations. He is married to Antonia Riddleberger and had 6 children. He was the son-in-law of James W. Riddleberger.

</doc>
<doc id="18299991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299991" title="Anne Palles">
Anne Palles

Anne Palles (1619 – 4 April 1693) was an alleged Danish witch. She was the last person legally executed for sorcery in Denmark. 
Background.
In 1692, the cunning woman Karen Gregers Madsens from Lommelev was accused of poisoning. She was hired by Ingeborg Olufsdatter in Nykøbing Falster to drug and murder her abusive and violent husband, Oswald Egger. Karen suggested that Egger was to be fed a bone from a corpse at the cometary, so as the dead was to come after and kill him. The lover of Ingeborg, Ole Boesen, acquired the bone, but it did not work, and Egger was instead murdered with poison. After having been interrogated by six priests, she confessed to practising magic and pointed out Anne Kruse, Abigael Nielsdatter and Anne Palles in Tåderup as witches, as well as 96 clients. 
Accusations.
Anne Palles was put on trial in 1692 accused of having enchanted a bailiff, Morten Faxe, by use of magic. The bailiff had taken over a property in Øverup previously owned by Palles and her husband Peder. Before she had left the farm, she was to have "peed bad luck" into it. This had caused the Faxes to feel uncomfortable in the house. Karen claimed to have seen her do this. The property had been a very good one; Anne had inherited it from her first husband, Niels, and it was thought that her second husband had married her because of the property—after they lost it, the marriage had become unhappy. 
She was also accused of having murdered a woman by use of magic after her husband had fallen in love with her. In 1691, her husband had danced and flirted with Maren Jacobsdatter and Anne had promised Maren an accident, so that she would no longer be able to dance with other people's spouses and be admired such. Shortly thereafter, Maren had become sick, and eventually, she had died. 
Thirdly, she was accused of having spoiled the harvest for a man, Hans Sværke, who was guilty of having forced her son to join the army.
Interrogation.
Anne Palles was imprisoned on Nykøbing Slot 31 August 1692. A group of priests began to interrogate her even before the trial had officially begun. When the trial opened 27 September 1692 she confessed the following; yes, she was a witch. She had met Satan in the shape of a black cat by the name "Puus", who called her "Annis", and she had given her body and soul to him. She was unsure whether this had happened six years ago, or fifty years ago, when she had been married to her first husband for four years. Her familiar helped her on the farm in the shape of a horse or a sheep and Stan did his part and was fed with oatmeal. She had also been at the Witches' Sabbath on Hesnæs with the other accused women; Hans Stang from Hasselø played the drum while Abigael Nielsdatter, by Stan called ”Biegell” danced in the middle; Abigael was also able to travel on a staff to Trondhjem in Norway.
Sentence.
On 2 November 1692, the court, led by judge Morten Faxe, judged her guilty and sentenced her to death. When the matter was to be confirmed by the higher court, Palles withdraw her confession; she said she had only confessed because the priests had tortured her in prison. She had been afraid to withdraw her confession before, because the priest had threatened that if she did so she would have her tongue ripped out and be burned alive. A majority of the high court in Copenhagen, however, voted for an execution. Of the other women accused, Anne Kruse was given the same sentence, but she died in prison before the execution. Abigael Nielsdatter was freed from execution but exiled for her "bad name", and Karen from Lommelev was flogged and banished.
Execution.
Normally, the method of execution for people sentenced for sorcery in Denmark was to be burned alive, but Palles was spared from the normal punishement by a special permission from the king, who ordered that she was to be decapitated before she was burned. On 4 April 1693, Karen was flogged, the corpse of Anne Kruse was burnt and Anne Palles was decapitated and her body thrown on the stake. On the place of execution, a placet was to be put on a pike with a description of the crime. 
Aftermath.
Anne Palles was the last person to be legally executed for sorcery in Denmark, but her case was not the last Danish witch trial. The last large witch trial in Denmark, Thisted witch trial, took place in 1698, were several women were sentenced to death accused of having caused fits by sorcery. After the fits was proved to be false, however, the condemned were freed. After that, the Danish authorities were reluctant to accept any more charges of witch craft. When the local court of Schelenburg condemned two women to be burned at the stake for witch craft in 1708, the sentence was revoked by the high court. 
Anne Palles has been called Denmark's last witch, but the very last person to be legally executed for sorcery in Denmark was in fact a soldier, who was executed in Bremerholm in 1722. He was, however, judged and executed by a military court. The courts also sentenced people guilty of sorcery long after Anne Palles, even if it did not lead to death sentences. In 1733 a student and in 1752 a farmer were sentenced to life imprisonment and forced labour after having been judged guilty of a pact with the Devil, and as late as 1803 two craftsmen were sentenced for the same crime. None of them were executed however. 
Long after the legal courts stopped executing witches, however, the belief in witches led to private trials and lynching of alleged witches. In Øster Grønning in Salling in 1722, the villagers apprehended Dorte Jensdatter, whom they suspected of having caused death by magic, and executed her by burning after a private witch trial by tying her up and burning down her home with her in it. The last case is often said to have been that of Anna Klemens, who was pointed out as a witch in Brigsted at Horsens and beaten to death in the year of 1800.

</doc>
<doc id="18299998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18299998" title="Tabanus sudeticus">
Tabanus sudeticus

Tabanus sudeticus also known as the dark giant horsefly is a species of biting horse-fly. It is the heaviest fly in Europe. 

</doc>
<doc id="18300000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300000" title="List of countries by fluorite production">
List of countries by fluorite production

This is a list of countries by fluorite in 2006 mostly based on British Geological Survey accessed in July 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="18300002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300002" title="Smith &amp; Wesson Model 640">
Smith &amp; Wesson Model 640

The Smith & Wesson Model 640 revolver is a 5-shot snubnosed revolver that is chambered in either .38 Special or .357 Magnum calibers. Like nearly all other "J-frame" Smith & Wesson revolvers, it has a swing-out cylinder, but this model features a concealed hammer. It has been in production since 1990 and is part of the Centennial line.
The first model was chambered in .38 Special and fitted with a standard barrel of 1-7/8 inch length. The second model had a slightly heavier and longer barrel of 2-1/8 inch length. The gun was constructed entirely of stainless steel until 1995, when models were made in aluminium and designated "airweight".
A 3" barreled version was offered until 1993, when it was dropped from production. That same year S&W introduced the Model 940, similar in appearance, but chambered in 9mm Luger. In 1996 the 940 was dropped and S&W began chambering the 640 in .357 Magnum. Because of the power of the .357 magnum cartridge, the frame is strengthened just in front of the cylinder release on those models.
In 2001 a Scandium framed version was introduced in .357 Magnum designated as the Model 340. This revolver weighed 10.9 ounces.
In spite of its small frame and short barrel the gun is durable and fairly accurate. Firearms writer, Joe Gorman, fired 500 full power rounds through the revolver and it survived still tight and still in time.

</doc>
<doc id="18300004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300004" title="Was He a Coward?">
Was He a Coward?

Was He a Coward? is a 1911 short silent Western film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Museum of Modern Art.

</doc>
<doc id="18300021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300021" title="Big Brother 3 (Netherlands)">
Big Brother 3 (Netherlands)

Known as "The Battle", the third season of "Big Brother" was broadcast by the new station Yorin. It lasted from 6 September to 30 December 2001 (114 days). The presenter was Patty Brard (member of girl group Luv'). Due to a better cast of characters, this "Big Brother" series became "the talk of the town" again.
The format underwent some changes. Contrary to the former seasons, the viewers were only able to vote for their favorite nominee, and not for the one they wanted to leave. This system was introduced to prevent the most controversial housemates being evicted first. Equally important for the producers was that the new system would generate more phone calls, and thus more revenue.
The housemates were divided in two permanent groups. One group lived in a luxurious part of the house, the other group lived in poverty. On unexpected times a battle was announced, in which the two groups could fight for the right to live on the rich half. Each group had a captain with special duties and privileges (a "Head of Household" before that name was coined). At any moment each participant was free to challenge his leader in a "captains-battle".
The series started out with only six housemates. The others were secluded in a villa in Spain and were only gradually introduced. Each new twosome started with a battle to determine which group they became part of. In Spain, where there were no cameras, a relation developed between Nancy and Richard. But when Richard finally arrived in Almere, Nancy was voted out at the same time. Another contestant never made it to the real house at all. Ellen was removed from the Spanish villa because she had made disallowed telephonic contact with the outside world. Rumor said she had gained possession of the telephone by having sex with a security guard.
The first week the occupants were only visible on streaming video. The producers thought that it would be prudent to start the television broadcast in the second week, so they could save up interesting material for a jump start. They were wrong. During that first week 9/11 happened in the United States. Because of the magnitude of the event the housemates were informed. Antillian Aldrico, who had many friends in New York, took the news bad and had to be removed after he started to behave confused. On the other hand, some housemates for a while had the feeling the event was not real. Even after they received newspapers and saw images, they thought they were the victim of a very cruel joke.
The outspoken personalities of this season yielded much viewing-pleasure but also lots of complaints about the high content of swearing, boozing and sex. Young teacher Andries ended up in bed with the transsexual Kelly, snogged with Audrey and had a sexual relationship with Diane. Before that, a very drunken Diane had forced sex with Frank. Streamwatchers who were witness to the event filed a complaint. However, neither the Ministry of Justice nor "Big Brother" took action. Housemate Gert-Jan gathered a big fanbase after he had been much maligned by the manipulative Coos and Pascal and had proposed to his girlfriend in the outside world.
The final battles, in which the last contestants had to collect the prize money, were copied from "Fear Factor" (another Endemol production). The lesbian beauty Sandy won the last popularity vote. Inspired by Kelly, she later used the money to pay for breast implants for her girlfriend and herself. Kelly gained a photo shoot in "Playboy" in which she could show off her newly gained femininity.

</doc>
<doc id="18300028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300028" title="Xghajra Tornadoes F.C.">
Xghajra Tornadoes F.C.

Xghajra Tornadoes is a football club from the small seaside community of Xghajra, located in southeastern Malta. Founded in 1985, it currently competes in the Maltese Third Division.
This club took also part in the Maltese Premier League in the early 2000s. Their first outing in the Premier League was in the 1997/98 season, where they beat Pieta Hotspurs 1-0.

</doc>
<doc id="18300035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300035" title="Angela Lascelles">
Angela Lascelles

Angela Estree Lyssod D'Arcy Lascelles (born Angela Dowding; 20 April 1919 - 28 February 2007) was a British actress and a relative of the British Royal Family. She was the first wife of The Honourable Gerald Lascelles, the second son of Princess Mary, the Princess Royal and Countess of Harewood.
Birth and career.
Dowding was born on 20 April 1919 in Hanwell, London to Charles Dowding (1887 - 1969), a second lieutenant of the Somerset Light Infantry from Dulwich; and his wife Lilian Lawler (1887 - 1959) originally from St Marylebone. Angela studied at the Central School of Speech and Drama before starring in Noël Coward's "Blithe Spirit" in the West End, and the film "Miss London Ltd."
Marriage and issue.
On 15 July 1952, she married Gerald Lascelles, the second son of Princess Mary, the Princess Royal and Countess of Harewood. Lascelles was a grandson of George V and a cousin of Elizabeth II. At the time of their marriage, Lascelles was twelfth in the line of succession to the British throne. As the son of an earl, he was styled "The Honourable", and Mrs Lascelles's style (formerly Miss Angela Dowding) became The Honourable Mrs Gerald Lascelles.
The marriage took place at St. Margaret's, Westminster, with the Royal Family in attendance. However, the Queen did not attend due to a last-minute cold. This was seen in the press to be a snub for the couple due to Mrs Lascelles's low birth. The reception took place at St James's Palace, which Queen Mary, Mr Lascelles's grandmother, attended. Together they had one child:
Fort Belvedere.
In 1955, the Lascelleses moved to Fort Belvedere, Surrey, the former country home of Gerald Lascelles's uncle, Edward VIII (the Duke of Windsor).
Divorce and later life.
Angela divorced from Gerald in 1978, and Mr Lascelles later married Elizabeth Colvin (née Collingwood). Angela Lascelles continued to live in Windsor Great Park, and had good relations with the Royal Family. The Queen continued to invite her to the Royal Enclosure at Ascot. Angela never remarried and died in Virginia Water, Surrey on 28 February 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18300036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300036" title="International Association of Hydrological Sciences">
International Association of Hydrological Sciences

The International Association of Hydrological Sciences (IAHS) is a non-profit non-governmental scientific organization committed to serving the science of hydrology and the worldwide community of hydrologists. The IAHS was established in 1922, and presently claims a membership in excess of 5000, from over 130 countries.
Ten international scientific commissions deal with the hydrological cycle, water resources, and specific techniques. Other working groups and initiatives address particular issues.
Governance.
IAHS is one of the eight associations that comprise the International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics. In accordance with the IAHS statutes and by-laws, the IAHS officers and commissioners are elected every four years by national representatives at IAHS assemblies.
National representation.
Official contact between the IAHS and member countries is via the national representative in each country who acts as a focal point and channel for communication. If there is a national IUGG committee (usually appointed by the national academy of sciences or equivalent), the IAHS representative is nominated by it, or its IAHS subcommittee. Member countries may also appoint national correspondents of the Commissions.
Publications.
IAHS Press fulfills the IAHS mission of worldwide dissemination of research results and practice, and raises funds, by publishing and selling the "Hydrological Sciences Journal" and Benchmark books. The IAHS Newsletter is distributed free to members..
Finance.
IAHS is a UK registered charity; all revenues are used to support the aims of the Association. The greater part of IAHS’ funding is raised through the sale of IAHS publications.
IAHS works closely with IUGG, International Council for Science (ICSU), UNESCO, World Meteorological Organization (WMO), International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and WWC, and often collaborates with organizations such as International Association of Hydrologists (IAH), International Association of Hydraulic Engineering and Research (IAHR) and Inland Waterways Association (IWA).

</doc>
<doc id="18300047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300047" title="TP Sudhindra">
TP Sudhindra

TP Sudhindra (born 24 April 1984) is an Indian First Class cricketer. He is a right-arm medium pace bowler who bowls consistently at around 130 kmph and relies on accuracy, and bats left-handed. He played Ranji Trophy for Madhya Pradesh and represented Delhi Giants and Deccan Chargers in the Indian Cricket League (ICL) and the Indian Premier League (IPL) respectively. In June 2008, Sudhindra went to England to play for West Bromwich Dartmouth Cricket Club in the Birmingham & District Premier League where his performance was impressive.
Early career and personal life.
Sudhindra was born in Hindupur, Andhra Pradesh to middle class parents. His family currently resides in Bhilai, Chattisgarh. In his early playing days Sudhindra used to keep wickets, but subsequently took up bowling on his coach's advice. Sudhindra took a break from cricket in class 12 to go to Pune for a degree in commerce and to later pursue a management course. But his father's financial position forced him to pursue his studies from Bhilai. Back in his hometown, Sudhindra resumed playing cricket and was selected to play for Chhattisgarh in the Moin-ud-Dowla Gold Cup. A second break from Cricket happened when Sudhindra started preparing for the Chartered Accountancy exam. Unable to clear the exam, he resumed his Cricket career again. Sudhindra was selected for the MP Under-22 side in 2003. The call-up to the MP senior side arrived in 2005–06, after Sudhindra's impressive performance at the U-22 level.
First Class Cricket.
Sudhindra made his first class debut in 2005 against Jharkhand at Indore. He played 27 first-class games, representing Madhya Pradesh in the Ranji Trophy. After returning to domestic Cricket in 2009, Sudhindra picked up 25 wickets for his side in the Plate Division of the Ranji Trophy in the 2010–11 season. His splendid work with the shining and rough ball took Madhya Pradesh to the knockout stage of the Elite Division of the Ranji Trophy in the 2011–12 season. He was the leading wicket-taker for that season with 40 wickets at an average of 18.70.
Indian Cricket League.
A precarious financial situation at home forced Sudhindra to look towards the rebel Indian Cricket League. Sudhindra was signed up by the Delhi Giants and also represented the Indian World Team in the ICL. In 2009, he returned to the domestic fray after the BCCI granted amnesty to 79 Indian players who had ended their association with the ICL.
Indian Premier League.
Sudhindra earned an IPL contract with Deccan Chargers in 2012 on the back of an impressive Ranji Trophy season for Madhya Pradesh. He played three games for the Chargers in the fifth edition of IPL. Sudhindra had a disastrous outing in the tournament, picking up only one wicket and going for an economy rate of more than 11 in each of his three games. Other bowlers of his team did not fare well either. After his name cropped up in a spot-fixing incident, he was suspended by his franchise pending further enquiry.
Spot-fixing controversy and subsequent ban.
On 14 May 2012, Indian television channel India TV aired a sting operation showing Sudhindhra confessing to having bowled a no-ball in a domestic game at the TV channel's insistence and boasting that spot-fixing could be done at any level of Indian cricket, including IPL. The said no-ball was bowled by Sudhindra in the Madhya Pradesh Premier League T20 tournament. Sudhindra was also shown as saying that franchisees were giving players cars and flats since the IPL had capped remunerations for first-class players. Following the sting operation, Sudhindra (along with four other domestic players) was suspended by the BCCI pending completion of enquiry. The case was investigated by Ravi Sawani, who submitted his report to the BCCI's disciplinary committee. The committee held Sudhindra guilty of actually receiving a consideration to spot-fix in a domestic cricket match, and imposed exemplary penalty of a life-ban on him. Sudhindra has been debarred from playing any cricket matches conducted or authorized by the ICC or BCCI, or any affiliated unit of the BCCI. He will not be entitled to the monthly gratis, benevolent fund, benefit match or any other facility, in lieu of. Further, he cannot hold any position in any cricket association affiliated to the BCCI, for life.
Sudhindra admitted his guilt but plans to take the BCCI to court over the stiff penalties imposed on him.

</doc>
<doc id="18300048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300048" title="IAHS">
IAHS

IAHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18300049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300049" title="Western Samoa Labour Party">
Western Samoa Labour Party

The Western Samoa Labour Party (WSLP) was a political party in Samoa. It was founded on June 4, 1993 by To'alepai Toesulusulu Si'ueva, a former Minister of Health in the 1985 - 88 coalition government. The party opposed the HRPP and the 1991 constitutional amendment which saw the term of the Fono extended from three to five years. 

</doc>
<doc id="18300091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300091" title="Priscilla's April Fool Joke">
Priscilla's April Fool Joke

"Priscilla's April Fool Joke" is a 1911 American short silent comedy film directed by Frank Powell, starring Florence Barker and featuring Blanche Sweet. 

</doc>
<doc id="18300094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300094" title="Saratoga Handicap">
Saratoga Handicap

The Saratoga Handicap was an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at the Saratoga Race Course in Saratoga Springs, New York. It was open to horses three years old and upward and raced at a distance of 1¼ miles on dirt.

</doc>
<doc id="18300103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300103" title="Thomas H. Maren">
Thomas H. Maren

Thomas H. Maren (1918 – August 15, 1999) was a professor of medicine at the University of Florida. He was the founding father for the University of Florida College of Medicine, and he invented Trusopt to help people with glaucoma.
Life and death.
Maren was born in New York City, and he served the war effort in World War II. He was educated at Princeton University, and received his medical degree from Johns Hopkins University.
Maren died at the age of 81 of heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="18300105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300105" title="Joan E. Spero">
Joan E. Spero

Joan Edelman Spero (born 1944 in Moline, Illinois) is the former President of the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation(1997–2008) and a former United States Ambassador to the United Nations Economic and Social Council (1980–81). Bill Clinton appointed her as Under Secretary of State for Foreign and Agricultural Affairs in 1993: this office was renamed the Under Secretary of State for Economic, Business, and Agricultural Affairs in 1994. She served as Under Secretary of State for Economic, Business, and Agricultural Affairs until 1997. She is a Director of the Council on Foreign Relations and a Trustee of Columbia University and the Brookings Institution. She is a member of the Trilateral Commission, the Atlantic Institute, and the American Academy of Diplomacy and was appointed a member of the Supervisory Board of the ING Group on April 22, 2008. Ms. Spero became an IBM director in 2004 and serves as a member of IBM's audit committee. Spero is currently a Visiting Fellow at the Foundation Center which conducts research, education, and training on philanthropy.[http://newyork.citybizlist.com/18/2012/3/8/Citi-Board-Nominates-Franz-B.-Humer-and-Joan-E.-Spero-to-Board-of-Directors.aspx]
Education.
She graduated "summa cum laude" from the University of Wisconsin in 1966, where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. She received a masters degree in International Affairs from Columbia University in 1968 and a Ph.D. degree from that institution in 1973. She also studied at the Institut d'Etudes Politiques in Paris and speaks fluent French.
Teaching career.
Her first teaching position was at Columbia University (1973–1979). She was a visiting scholar at the Federal Reserve Bank (1976–1977).

</doc>
<doc id="18300124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300124" title="Temokalasi Samoa Fa'amatai">
Temokalasi Samoa Fa'amatai

The Temokalasi Samoa Fa'amatai or Samoan Democracy of Matai (TSFPP) was a political party in Samoa. It was founded in January 1993 by Le Tagaloa Pita. The party opposed universal suffrage and argued that only "matai" (traditional heads of families) should have the vote. It also opposed the introduction of value-added goods and services tax to Samoa.

</doc>
<doc id="18300127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300127" title="International Network of Basin Organizations">
International Network of Basin Organizations

The International Network of Basin Organizations (INBO) (French: Rèseau International des Organismes de Bassin "RIOB"). It was established in 1994 and its headquarters is in Paris.
Its objective is to promote the exchange of experiences between organizations in charge of river basin management in such areas as institutional and financial management, knowledge of water resources, training different stakeholders involved in water management as well as the staff of basin organizations, and increasing the awareness of the general public for water resources management. It also promotes the twinning of basin organizations from different countries, including the exchange of staff. INBO and its member organizations support the application of Integrated Water Resources Management
As of 2000 INBO included 134 members or observers. Some countries are represented by a government Ministry, whether these countries have established river basin organizations (such as Morocco) or not (such as India). Other countries, notably France and Spain which both have a long tradition of well-established river basin organizations (see :fr:Agence de l'eau and :es:Confederación hidrográfica), are represented both at the Ministerial level and by river basin organizations. Algeria, Brazil and Mexico, which have all established river basin organizations during the 1990s, are represented both by institutions at the national and at the basin level. As of 2000 INBO had no members from China, Egypt, Germany, Nigeria, South Africa, Turkey or the United States, countries which have no or few river basin organizations. INBO includes transboundary basin agencies, such as the Organisation pour la mise en valeur du fleuve Sénégal (OMVS). It also includes several international organizations and partnerships, such as UNEP, UNDP and the Global Water Partnership, as well as regional organization such as the Southern African Development Community (SADC).
There are regional networks within INBO. They cover Eastern and Central Europe (CEENBO, created in 2001), Sub-Saharan Africa (ANBO, created in 2002), the Mediterranean (MENBO, created in 2004), Asia (NARBO, created in 2004), Latin America (LANBO, created in 2008) and North America (NANBO, created in 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="18300132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300132" title="Musée de l'Éventail">
Musée de l'Éventail

The Musée de l'Éventail (Fan Museum), or more formally L'Atelier Hoguet Musée de l'Éventail, is a private museum of fans and fan-making located in the 10th arrondissement at 2, boulevard de Strasbourg, Paris, France. It is open several afternoons per week (Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday) and is closed annually during the month of August; an admission fee is charged. The nearest métro station is Strasbourg – Saint-Denis.
The museum is located within the Atelier Anne Hoguet, a workshop for fan-making and restoration. Its exhibits are displayed in a showroom established in 1893 by fan-makers Lepault & Deberghe, purchased in 1960 by Hervé Hoguet. The museum was established in 1993.
Today the museum is housed within two rooms. The former showroom is furnished in Henry II style with a monumental fireplace, three chandeliers, blue walls embroidered with fleur-de-lys in gold thread, and walnut furnishings. It contains an exhibition of fans from the eighteenth century to the present day, along with the tools, workbenches, and materials used in making fans, including mother-of-pearl, ivory, horn, bone, and wood.

</doc>
<doc id="18300135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300135" title="Tabanus spodopterus">
Tabanus spodopterus

Tabanus spodopterus also known as the black horned giant horsefly is a species of biting horse-fly. It is widespread in Europe, but only one doubtful specimen has been found in the United Kingdom. 

</doc>
<doc id="18300141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300141" title="Florence Barker (actress)">
Florence Barker (actress)

Florence Barker (November 22, 1891 – February 15, 1913) was an American stage and silent film actress from Los Angeles whose promising career was cut short far too early. She began in amateur theatre in her early teens and by the age of eighteen was playing lead roles at the Grand Theatre in Los Angeles. At around this time she started acting in motion pictures and would go on to appear in at least sixty-three film productions before falling victim in Los Angeles to pneumonia at the age of twenty-one.

</doc>
<doc id="18300153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300153" title="Samoa Liberal Party">
Samoa Liberal Party

The Samoa Liberal Party was a political party in Samoa. It was founded in June 1993 by three MPs expelled from the Human Rights Protection Party for crossing the floor and voting against part of the government's budget. The party's first leader was Nonumalo Leulumoega Sofara.

</doc>
<doc id="18300157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300157" title="Up in Central Park (film)">
Up in Central Park (film)

Up in Central Park is a 1948 American musical comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Deanna Durbin, Dick Haymes and Vincent Price. Based on the play "Up in Central Park" by Herbert Fields with a screenplay by Karl Tunberg, the film is about a newspaper reporter and the daughter of an immigrant maintenance man who help expose political corruption in New York City in the 1870s.
Plot.
In New York City in the 1870s, as the city prepares for the upcoming election, corrupt political boss William Tweed (Vincent Price) and his Tammany Hall political machine are working hard to re-elect their candidates, including Mayor Oakley (Hobart Cavanaugh), in order to continue exploiting the coffers of the city and state. The one voice opposing Boss Tweed's organization is John Matthews (Dick Haymes), a young naïve reporter for "The New York Times".
When Irish immigrant Timothy Moore (Albert Sharpe) and his singing daughter Rosie (Deanna Durbin) arrive in New York City hoping for a better life, they are set upon immediately by Rogan (Tom Powers), one of Boss Tweed's men. The illiterate Timothy agrees to vote twenty-three times for the Tammany ticket, and is rewarded with $50 and an invitation to Boss Tweed's victory party. At the party, Rosie inadvertently overhears Boss Tweed's latest plan to embezzle the city's coffers through the unnecessary renovation of Central Park. Fearing that Rosie may know about his plan, Boss Tweed appoints the unknowing Timothy to the post of Park Superintendent.
Sometime later, John meets Timothy, the new Park Superintendent. Unaware that John is a reporter, Timothy reveals that some of the park's zoo animals are actually being raised for Boss Tweed's consumption. After John's story appears in the paper, Timothy is fired, but when Rosie appeals to an infatuated Boss Tweed to give her father another chance, he agrees. Also smitten with Rosie, John offers Timothy a job with his newspaper. Soon after, John tries to convince Rosie of Boss Tweed's dishonesty, but is unsuccessful. Later that night, Rosie almost discovers Boss Tweed's true character when he makes numerous, lecherous advances toward her during dinner, but is interrupted by Timothy, who mistakenly believes that he was invited.
After Rosie arranges a meeting between John and Boss Tweed, the political boss offers to sponsor John's proposed novel if he agrees to quit his job at "The New York Times". John refuses the bribe. Later, John discovers Timothy attending grammar school classes; with the help of a schoolteacher named Miss Murch, the old man learns of Boss Tweed's corruption. When Timothy tries to tell his daughter about Boss Tweed's true character, she refuses to listen, having become romantically involved with the married man.
Through Boss Tweed's influence, Rosie soon auditions for an opera company, and though she is offered a role in an upcoming production, Tweed insists that she be cast in the current show. Meanwhile, Timothy, upset over his daughter's involvement with Tweed, approaches John and offers to help him gain evidence against the political boss by breaking into city hall and examining the city's financial records. The two men are discovered by a drunken Mayor Oakley when he wanders into his office, but they trick him into giving his copies of Boss Tweed's financial dealings to the newspaperman.
After their corruption is exposed in the newspapers, Boss Tweed and his associates prepare to flee the country, but Tweed offers no apologies to Rosie for his actions, stating his belief in the rights of the strong over the weak. After he leaves her, Rosie wanders through Central Park, where she is discovered by Timothy and John. After requesting her father's forgiveness, Rosie is reunited with John.
Reception.
In his 1948 review in "The New York Times", T.M.P. wrote that the film was "somewhat less successful as entertainment than the play." The producers' decision to reduce the number of songs does not help matters.
Regarding the casting, the reviewer wrote, "Durbin is fresh looking in a nice girlish way and displays a convincing amount of naïveté, and Mr. Havimes is agreeable enough, though he looks and acts more like a professional juvenile than a seasoned reporter. Albert Sharpe contributes some mil dhumor as Miss Durbin's doting parent." Regarding the casting of Vincent Price in the role of Boss Tweed, the reviewer wrote, "a more inappropriate choice could hardly be imagined." Finally, the film fails to exploit the obvious filming location choices in Central Park, restricting them to a few shots of the zoo, the carousel, and a bit of greenery around the superintendent's house. According to the reviewer, the director should have "moved his camera out onto the meadows instead of focusing so much on plush, stuffy interiors."
In his review for "Rovi", Hal Erickson wrote that the best scene of the film was Currier & Ives ballet, one of the few holdovers from the stage version.

</doc>
<doc id="18300172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300172" title="Sakaemachi Station (Aichi)">
Sakaemachi Station (Aichi)

History.
Sakaemachi Station was opened on August 20, 1978. On December 16, 2006, the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented.
Layout.
Sakaemachi Station has one underground island platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300173" title="Virginia Lette">
Virginia Lette

Virginia "V" Lette is an Australian radio and television presenter. She is heard on Nova 96.9 in Sydney as an announcer and hosted Australia's favourite music television show Eclipse Music TV on Saturdays until January 2010.
Lette started her radio career at 14 years of age with Snowy Mountains 2XL in Cooma. She has since hosted "The Hot 30 with V and Troy" on 104.7 (Canberra), worked as an announcer and producer at Nova 106.9 in Brisbane and then returned to her hometown of Sydney where she works for Nova 96.9.
Lette's passion for sport has seen her employed as an On-Field and Corporate MC with the Canberra Raiders (2004–05), Brisbane Broncos (2006–07) and St. George Illawarra Dragons (2008–09), and more recently Lette has been employed by the Tasmanian Tigers as an On-Field MC for the KFC Twenty20 Big Bash.
TV career.
Lette's television credits include:
Personal life.
Lette is married to Tasmanian and Australian test cricketer Ed Cowan. She gave birth to their first child, a daughter, Romy, in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18300182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300182" title="Kuruwita">
Kuruwita

Kuruwita is a town in the Ratnapura District of Sabaragamuwa Province of Sri Lanka. It is 87 km from Colombo. It used to be served by the Two foot six inch gauge railways narrow gauge Sabaragamuwa Railway, a branch of the national railway system. And it is famous for the beautiful waterfall called Bopath Ella.

</doc>
<doc id="18300184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300184" title="The Spanish Gypsy (film)">
The Spanish Gypsy (film)

The Spanish Gypsy is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring Wilfred Lucas and featuring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18300191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300191" title="Matthieu Lièvremont">
Matthieu Lièvremont

Matthieu Lièvremont (born November 6, 1975 in Perpignan) is a French rugby union player, usually playing as a flanker but sometimes as well as number 8. He currently plays for US Dax. 
The younger brother of Marc and Thomas Lièvremont, both French international players, he received his first international cap on June 28, 2008 against Australia while Marc was France's head coach, which sparked some controversy.

</doc>
<doc id="18300215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300215" title="Higashiōte Station">
Higashiōte Station

History.
Higashiōte Station was opened on October 1, 1910, but was closed in 1944. The station was reopened as an underground station on August 20, 1978 with the extension of the Seto Line to Sakaemachi Station. On December 16, 2006, the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented.
Layout.
Higashiōte Station has two underground opposed side platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300233" title="2007–08 Egyptian Premier League">
2007–08 Egyptian Premier League

The 2007–08 Egyptian Premier League started on 13 August 2007, and finished on 22 May 2008. Al Ahly were crowned champions for the fourth year in a row and for the thirty third time in total since the league started in 1948.
Clubs.
League table 2007-2008.
"Last updated 1 June 2008".

</doc>
<doc id="18300242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300242" title="Shimizu Station (Aichi)">
Shimizu Station (Aichi)

History.
Shimizu Station was opened on March 23, 1911. The station was rebuilt with elevated tracks in 1980. On December 16, 2006, the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented. 
Layout.
Shimizu Station has two elevated opposed side platforms. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300256" title="Charles Faulkner">
Charles Faulkner

Charles Faulkner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18300259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300259" title="Amagasaka Station">
Amagasaka Station

History.
Amagasaka Station was opened on May 23, 1911. The station was rebuilt in 1956, and rebuilt again with elevated tracks in 1990. On December 16, 2006, the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented. 
Layout.
Amagasaka Station has two elevated opposed side platforms. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300271" title="Morishita Station (Aichi)">
Morishita Station (Aichi)

History.
Morishita Station was opened on June 16, 1915. The station was rebuilt with elevated tracks in 1980. On December 16, 2006, the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented.
Layout.
Morishita Station has two elevated opposed side platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300273" title="Porsche 911">
Porsche 911

The Porsche 911 (pronounced "Nine Eleven" or ) is the flagship of the current line up of Porsche. It is a two-door, high performance sports car made by Porsche AG of Stuttgart, Germany. It has a distinctive design, rear-engined and with independent rear suspension, an evolution of the swing axle on the Porsche 356. Since its introduction in 1963, it has undergone continuous development, though the basic concept has remained little changed. The engine was air-cooled until the introduction of the Type 996 in 1998.
Throughout its lifetime, the 911 has been modified by private teams and by the factory itself for racing, rallying and other forms of automotive competition. It is among the most successful competition cars ever. In the mid-1970s, naturally aspirated 911 Carrera RSRs won major world championship sports car races such as Targa Florio, Daytona, Sebring and Nürburgring, even against prototypes. The 911-derived 935 turbo also won the coveted 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1979.
In the 1999 international poll for the award of Car of the Century, the 911 came fifth. It is one of two in the top five that had remained continuously in production (the original Beetle remained in production until 2003), and was until 1998 the most successful surviving application of the air- (now water-) cooled opposed rear-engine layout pioneered by its original ancestor, the Volkswagen Beetle. It is one of the oldest sports coupe nameplates still in production, and 820,000 had been sold by the car's 50th anniversary in 2013.
911 nomenclature.
Although Porsche internally changes the headings for its models, all 911 models were and are currently sold as a "911". The headings below use Porsche's internal classifications:
The series letter (A, B, C, etc.) is used by Porsche to indicate the revision for production cars. It often changes annually to reflect changes for the new model year. The first 911 models are the "A series", the first 993 cars are the "R series".
Not all of the Porsche 911 models ever produced are mentioned here. The listed models are notable for their role in the advancements in technology and their influence on other vehicles from Porsche.
Air-cooled engines (1963–1998).
Porsche 911 classic (1963–1989).
The 911 can trace its roots back to sketches drawn by Ferdinand "Butzi" Porsche in 1959. The Porsche 911 classic was developed as a much more powerful, larger, more comfortable replacement for the Porsche 356, the company's first model. The new car made its public debut at the 1963 Frankfurt Motor Show (). The car presented at the auto show had a non-operational mockup of the 901 engine, receiving a working one in February 1964.
It originally was designated as the "Porsche 901" (901 being its internal project number). 82 cars were built as 901s. However, Peugeot protested on the grounds that in France it had exclusive rights to car names formed by three numbers with a zero in the middle. So, instead of selling the new model with another name in France, Porsche changed the name to 911. Internally, the cars' part numbers carried on the prefix 901 for years. Production began in September 1964, the first 911s reached the US in February 1965 with a price tag of US$6,500.
The earliest edition of the 911 had a ] flat-6 engine, in the "boxer" configuration like the 356, air-cooled and rear-mounted, displaced 1991 cc compared with the 356's four-cylinder, 1600 cc unit. The car had four seats although the rear seats were very small, thus the car is usually called a 2+2 rather than a four-seater (the 356 was also a 2+2). It was mated to a four or five-speed manual "Type 901" transmission. The styling was largely by Ferdinand "Butzi" Porsche, son of Ferdinand "Ferry" Porsche. Erwin Komenda, the leader of the Porsche car body construction department, was also involved in the design.
The 356 came to the end of its production life in 1965, but there was still a market for a 4-cylinder car, particularly in the USA. The Porsche 912, introduced the same year, served as a direct replacement, offering the 356's 4-cylinder, 1600 cc, engine inside the 911 bodywork.
In 1966 Porsche introduced the more powerful 911S, the engine's power raised to . Alloy wheels from Fuchs, in a distinctive 5-leaf design, were offered for the first time. In motor sport at the same time, installed in the mid-engined Porsche 904 and Porsche 906, the engine was developed to 210 PS (154 kW).
In 1967 the Targa (meaning "plate" in Italian) version was introduced as a "stop gap" model. The Targa had a stainless steel-clad roll bar, as Porsche had, at one point, thought that the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) would outlaw fully open convertibles in the US, an important market for the 911. The name "Targa" came from the Targa Florio sports car road race in Sicily, Italy in which Porsche had notable success, with seven victories since 1956, and four more to come until 1973. This last win in the subsequently discontinued event is especially notable as it was scored with a 911 Carrera RS against prototypes entered by Italian factories of Ferrari and Alfa Romeo. The road going Targa was equipped with a removable roof panel and a removable plastic rear window (although a fixed glass version was offered alongside from 1968).
The 911T was also launched in 1967 and effectively replaced the 912. The staple model was renamed the 911L. The 911R had a very limited production (20 in all), as this was a lightweight racing version with thin aluminium doors, a magnesium crankcase, twin-spark cylinder heads, and a power output of 210 PS (154 kW).
In 1969 the B series was introduced: the wheelbase for all 911 and 912 models was increased from 2211 to 2268 mm (87 to 89¼ in), an effective remedy to the cars' nervous handling at the limit. The overall length of the car did not change: rather, the rear wheels were relocated aft. Fuel injection arrived for the 911S and for a new middle model, 911E. A semi-automatic "Sportomatic" model, composed of a torque converter, an automatic clutch, and the four-speed transmission was added to the product lineup. It was canceled after the 1980 model year partly because of the elimination of a forward gear to make it a three-speed.
The 2.2 L 911E was called "The secret weapon from Zuffenhausen". Despite the lower power output of the 911E () compared to the 911S () the 911E was quicker in acceleration up to 160 km/h (100 mph).
The 1972–1973 model years consisted of the same models, but with a new, larger 2341 cc (142 in³) engine. This is universally known as the "2.4 L" engine, despite its displacement being closer to 2.3 litres.
The 911E and 911S used Bosch (Kugelfischer) mechanical fuel injection (MFI) in all markets. For 1972 the 911T was carbureted, except in the U.S. and some Asian markets where emission regulations forced Porsche to equip the 911T with mechanical fuel injection. In January, 1973, US 911Ts were switched to the new K-Jetronic CIS (Continuous Fuel Injection) system from Bosch.
With the power and torque increases, the 2.4 L cars also got a newer, stronger transmission, identified by its Porsche type number 915. Derived from the transmission in the Porsche 908 race car, the 915 did away with the 901/911 transmission's "dog-leg" style first gear arrangement, opting for a traditional H pattern with first gear up to the left, second gear underneath first, etc.
911S models also gained a discreet spoiler under the front bumper to improve high-speed stability. With the cars weighing only 1050 kg (2315 lb), these are often regarded as the best classic mainstream 911s. For racing at this time, the 911 ST was produced in limited numbers (the production run for the ST only lasted from 1970 to 1971). The cars were available with engines of either 2466 cc or 2492 cc, producing at 8000 rpm. Weight was down to 960 kg (2166 lb). The cars had success at the Daytona 6 Hours, the Sebring 12 Hours, the 1000 km Nürburgring and the Targa Florio.
911 Carrera RS (1973 and 1974).
These models, valued by collectors, are considered by many to be the greatest classic 911s of all-time. RS stands for "Rennsport" in German, meaning "race sport" in English. The Carrera name was reintroduced from the 356 Carrera which had itself been named after Porsche's class victories in the Carrera Panamericana races in Mexico in the 1950s. The RS was built so that Porsche could enter racing formulae that demanded that a certain minimum number of production cars were made. Compared with a standard 911S, the Carrera 2.7 RS had a larger engine (2687 cc) developing with Bosch (Kugelfischer) MFI, revised and stiffened suspension, a "ducktail" rear spoiler, larger brakes, wider rear wheels and rear fenders. In RS Touring form it weighed 1075 kg (2370 lb), in Sport Lightweight form it was about 100 kg (220 lb) lighter, the saving coming from the thin-gauge steel used for parts of the body shell and also the use of thinner glass. In total, 1580 were made, comfortably exceeding the 500 that had to be made to qualify for the vital FIA Group 4 class. 49 Carrera RS cars were built with 2808 cc engines producing 300 PS (221 kW).
In 1974, Porsche created the Carrera RS 3.0 with mechanical fuel injection producing 230 PS (169 kW). Its price was almost twice that of the 2.7 RS, but it offered a fair amount of racing capability for the money. The chassis was largely similar to that of the 1973 Carrera RSR and the brake system was from the Porsche 917. The use of thin metal plate panels and a Spartan interior enabled the shipping weight to be reduced to around 900 kg (1984 lb).
The Carrera RSR 3.0 was sold to racing teams, and scored outright wins in several major sports car races of the mid-1970s. Also, a prototype Carrera RSR Turbo (with 2.1 L engine due to a 1.4x equivalency formula) came second at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1974 and won several major races, a significant event in that its engine would form the basis of many future Porsche attempts in sports car racing. Save for the earlier Porsche 917, it can be regarded as Porsche's start of its commitment to turbocharging also in road cars.
911 and 911S 2.7 (1973–1977).
Model year 1974 saw three significant changes. First, the engine size was increased to 2687 cc giving an increase in torque. Second, was the introduction of impact bumpers to conform with low-speed protection requirements of US law, these bumpers being so successfully integrated into the design that they remained unchanged for 15 years. Thirdly, the use of K-Jetronic CIS Bosch fuel injection in two of the three models in the line up— the 911 and 911S models, retaining the narrow rear arches of the old 2.4, now had a 2.7-liter engine producing and , respectively.
911 Carrera 2.7 (1974–1976).
The 2.7 Carrera built for all markets, except for the United States, used the RS 911/83 engine with Bosch (Kugelfischer) MFI from the 1973 Carrera RS. These 2.7 Carrera MFI models were built from 1974 until 1976 and were mechanically identical to the 1973 Carrera RS and had the same rear widened arches.
The coupe weighed in at 1075 kg, the same as the 1973 Carrera RS Touring.
The Carrera built for the US market was powered by the same 2.7 liter engine as the 911S which produced .
For the 1974 model year the Carrera was available with the ducktail from the 1973 Carrera RS except for the German market.
In the US market the ducktail was standard on the Carrera. For 1975 and 1976 model years the whaletail was available as an option on the Carrera.
For 1976 a special run of 113 Carrera 2.7 coupes were built with the 911/83 RS engine. 20 targas were supplied to the Belgian police.
911 Carrera 3.0 (1976–1977).
Had essentially the Turbo's 2994 cc engine minus the turbocharger, and with K-Jetronic CIS now developed .
Aluminium now replaced magnesium for the crankcase and gearbox housing.
Also produced in the 1976 model year for the U.S. market, was the 912E, a 4-cylinder version of the 911 like the 912 that had last been produced in 1969. It used the I-series chassis but instead of the 356 engine in the old 912 now used the Volkswagen 2.0 engine from the Porsche 914. In all, 2099 units were produced. In 1976 the front-engine Porsche 924 took this car's place for the 1977 model year and beyond.
911 Turbo (Type 930) (1975–1989).
In 1974 Porsche introduced the first production turbocharged 911. Although called simply Porsche 911 Turbo in Europe, it was marketed as Porsche 930 (930 being its internal type number) in North America. The body shape is distinctive thanks to wide wheel-arches to accommodate the wide tires, and a large rear spoiler often known as a "whale tail" on the early cars, and "tea-tray" on the later ones. Starting out with a 3.0 L engine , these early cars are known for their exhilarating acceleration coupled with challenging handling characteristics and extreme turbo lag. For 1978, capacity rose to 3.3 L , and an intercooler was added which was placed under the rear spoiler.
Production figures of the basic 930 soon qualified it for FIA Group 4 competition, with the racing version called the Porsche 934 of 1976. Many participated at Le Mans and other races including some epic battles with the BMW 3.0 CSL "Batmobile". The wilder FIA Group 5 version called Porsche 935 evolved from the 2.1 L RSR Turbo of 1974. Fitted with a slope nose, the 500+ PS car was campaigned in 1976 by the factory, winning the world championship title. Private teams went on to win many races, like Le Mans in 1979, and continued to compete successfully with the car well into the 1980s until the FIA and IMSA rules were changed.
Only in 1989, its last year of production, was the 930 equipped with a five-speed gearbox. The 930 was replaced in 1990 with a 964 version featuring the same 3.3 L engine. There have been turbocharged variants of each subsequent generation of 911.
911SC (1978–1983).
In 1978, Porsche introduced the new version of the 911, called the '911SC'. Porsche reintroduced the SC designation for the first time since the 356SC (as distinguished from the race engined 356 Carrera). There was no Carrera version of the 911SC. It featured a 3.0-liter engine with Bosch K-Jetronic fuel injection and a 5-speed 915 transmission. Originally power output was 180 bhp,later 188 bhp and then in 1981 it was increased to 204 bhp. In 1981 a Cabriolet concept car was introduced at the Frankfurt Motor Show. Not only was the car a true convertible, but it also featured four-wheel drive, although this was dropped in the production version. The first 911 Cabriolet debuted in late 1982, as a 1983 model. This was Porsche's first cabriolet since the 356 of the mid-1960s. It proved very popular with 4,214 sold in its introductory year, despite its premium price relative to the open-top targa. Cabriolet versions of the 911 have been offered ever since.
It was during this time, that Porsche AG decided the long-term fate of the 911. In 1979 Porsche had made plans to replace the 911 with their new 928. Sales of the 911 remained so strong however, that Porsche revised its strategy and decided to inject new life into the 911 editions. 911 SC sales totaled 58,914 cars.
Peter W. Schutz (CEO Porsche AG 1981–1987) wrote: 
911 3.2 Carrera series (1984–1989).
With the 911's future ensured, 1984 saw the launch of a replacement for the successful SC series. It was the model year 1984 911 3.2 Carrera, reviving the Carrera name for the first time since 1977. The 911 3.2 Carrera was the last iteration in the original 911 series, with all subsequent models featuring new body styling with new brake, electronic and suspension technologies.
A new higher-displacement motor, a 3.2-liter horizontally opposed flat 6-cylinder, was utilized. At the time Porsche claimed it was 80% new. The new swept volume of 3164 cc was achieved using the bore (from the previous SC model) combined with the 1978 Turbo 3.3 crankshaft's stroke. In addition, higher domed pistons increased the compression ratio from 9.8 to 10.3:1 (although only 9.5:1 for the US market). New inlet manifold and exhaust systems were fitted. The 915 transmission was carried over from the SC series for the first three model years. In 1987, the Carrera got a new five-speed gearbox sourced from Getrag, model number G50 with proven BorgWarner synchronizers. This slightly heavier version also featured a hydraulically operated clutch.
With the new engine, power was increased to (@ 5900 rpm) for North American-delivered cars and to (@ 5900 rpm) for most other markets. This version of the 911 accelerated 0–60 mph (100 km/h) in 5.4 seconds and had a top speed of 150 mph (242 km/h) as measured by "Autocar". Factory times were more modest: 0–60 mph time of 6.3 seconds for the US version and 6.1 seconds for cars outside the American market.
The brake discs were increased in size to aid in more effective heat dissipation and improved oil-fed chain tensioners were fitted to the engine. To improve oil cooling, a finned cooler replaced the serpentine lines in the front passenger fender well. This was further improved in 1987, with the addition of a thermostatically controlled fan.
Driving refinement and motor reliability were improved with an upgrade of the fuel and ignition control components to an L-Jetronic with Bosch Motronics 2 DME (Digital Motor Electronics system). An improvement in fuel-efficiency was due to the DME providing a petrol cut-off on the overrun. Changes in the fuel map and chip programming from October 1986 further improved the power to (@ 5900 rpm) for North American delivered cars as well as for other markets requesting low emissions, like Germany. Custom-mapped chips remain a popular upgrade. The fuel relay that is mounted externally on the DME is known to be a weak point of the system.
Three basic models were available throughout the Carrera years – coupe, targa and cabriolet. When launched in 1984 in the United States, the prices of the 911 Carrera lineup were $31,950 for the coupe, $33,450 for the targa and $36,450 for the cabriolet. Almost indistinguishable from the SC, external clues are the front fog lights, which were integrated into the front valance in the Carrera. Very modest cosmetic changes were made throughout the lifespan of the Carrera, with a redesigned dash featuring larger air conditioning vents appearing in 1986.
In 1984, Porsche also introduced the M491 option. Officially called the Supersport in the UK, it was commonly known as the "Turbo-look". It was a style that resembled the Porsche 930 Turbo with wide wheel arches and the distinctive "tea tray" tail. It featured the stiffer turbo suspension and the superior turbo braking system as well as the wider turbo wheels. Sales of the Supersport were particularly strong for its first two years in the United States because the desirable 930 was not available.
The 911 Carrera Club Sport (CS) (option M637), 340 of which were produced worldwide from August 1987 to September 1989, is a reduced weight version of the standard Carrera that, with engine and suspension modifications, was purpose built for club racing. The CS had a blueprinted engine with hollow intake valves and a higher rev limit, deletion of: all power options, sunroof (except one example), air conditioning (except two examples), radio, rear seat, undercoating, sound insulation, rear wiper, door pocket lids, fog lamps, front hood locking mechanism, engine and luggage compartment lights, lockable wheel nuts and even the rear lid "Carrera" logo, all in order to save an estimated 70 kg (155 lb) in weight. With the exception of CSs delivered to the UK, all are identifiable by the "CS Club Sport" decal on the left front fender and came in a variety of colors, some special ordered. Some U.S. CS's did not have the decal installed by the dealer; however, all CS's have a "SP" stamp on the crankcase and cylinder head. The UK CS's were all "Grand Prix White" with a red "Carrera CS" decal on each side of the car and red wheels. Although the CS was well received by the club racers, because it cost more than the stock 911 but had fewer "creature comforts", it was not well received by the public in general. Consequently, according to Porsche Club of America and Porsche Club Great Britain CS Registers, only 21 are documented as delivered to the U.S. in 1988 with 7 in 1989, one to Canada in 1988 and 53 to the United Kingdom from 1987 to 1989.
The 911 Silver Anniversary Carrera SE (option), 240 of which were produced worldwide from January to September 1989, a custom version with engine and suspension modifications of the standard Carrera that, was purpose built for marking the production of the 250,000th 911 in the summer. Featuring a Limited slip differential, Short shifting gear leaver and limited production world wide. Exclusively in model year 1989 to also signify the 25th year of 911 production colors were for 120 cars in either in Silver Metallic or Satin Black Metallic. Interior trim features are silk grey supple leather seats, with black accent seat piping and silk grey velour carpeting that extends to the trunk area as well. The steering wheel, knee bar and shift knob are also covered in silk grey leather. A Porsche Exclusive special stitched leather center console in silk grey houses an outside temperature gauge and CD holders. The shifter features a leather boot in silk gray leather as well as short shift kit. Exterior features is the shiny Metallic Paint of Silver and special significance of these 911's are body-colored wheels. They are 16x6 front and 16x8 rear Fuch forged premium wheels. Another key element of this special model is the front and rear spoiler designed to create additional down-force. The rear windshield wiper and front headlight washer are all part of this Special Edition 911's package. Due to these differences, these cars are highly desired by collectors.
Total production of the 911 3.2 Carrera series was 76,473 cars (35,670 coupé, 19,987 cabrio, 18,468 targa).
964 Series (1989–1993).
In late 1989, the 911 underwent a major evolution with the introduction of the Type 964. With many innovative technologies from the 959 model, this would be a very important car for Porsche, since the world economy was undergoing recession and the company could not rely on its image alone. It was launched as the Carrera 4, the "4" indicating four-wheel-drive, a decision that surprised many but demonstrated the company's commitment to engineering by reminding buyers that race and rally engineering (of the 959) does affect road cars. Drag coefficient was down to 0.32. A rear spoiler deployed at high speed, preserving the purity of line when the vehicle was at rest. The chassis was redesigned overall. Coil springs, ABS brakes and power steering made their debut. The engine was increased in size to 3600 cc and developed 250 PS (184 kW). The car was more refined, but thought by some journalists to have lost some purity of the 911's concept. The rear-wheel-drive version, the Carrera 2, arrived a year later.
The 964 incarnation of the 911 Turbo returned in 1990 after an absence from the price lists. At first it used a refined version of the 3.3 L engine of the previous Turbo, but two years later a turbo engine based on the 3.6 L engine of the other 964 models was introduced.
In 1990, Porsche introduced the ahead-of-its-time Tiptronic automatic transmission in the 964 Carrera 2, featuring adaptive electronic management and full manual control. The 964 was one of the first cars in the world offered with dual airbags standard (from 1991), the first being the Porsche 944 Turbo (from 1987).
In 1992, Porsche re-introduced a limited-edition RS model, inspired by the 1973 Carrera RS and emissions-legal in Europe only. In 1993, appeals from American customers resulted in Porsche developing the RS America of which 701 were built. In 1994, the RS America returned with rear seats. Only 84 RSA's were made in 1994. However, while European RS was a homologation special, RS America was an option delete variant of the regular model. The RS 3.8 of 1993 had Turbo-style bodywork, a larger fixed whale tail in place of the movable rear spoiler, and a 300 PS (221 kW) 3746 cc engine.
Since the RS/RS America was intended as a no-frills, higher performance version of the 964, there were only four factory options available: a limited-slip differential, AM/FM cassette stereo, air conditioning, and a sunroof. The interior was more basic than a standard 911 as well; for example the interior door panels lacked the armrests and door pockets and had a simple pull strap for the opening mechanism. Although the RS America was about $10,000 cheaper than a fully equipped C2 at the time of their production, these models now command a premium price on the used market over a standard 964 (RS Europe was about $20,000 more expensive than a C2).
964 Turbo (1990–1994).
In 1990 Porsche introduced a Turbo version of the 964 series. This car is sometimes mistakenly called 965 (this type number actually referred to a stillborn project that would have been a hi-tech turbocharged car in the vein of the 959). For the 1991 through 1993 model years, Porsche produced the 964 Turbo with the 930's proven 3.3 L engine, improved to produce 320 PS (235 kW). 1994 brought the Carrera 2/4's 3.6 L engine, now in turbo-charged form and sending a staggering to the rear wheels. With the 993 on the way, this car was produced through 1994 and remains rather rare.
993 Series (1994–1997).
The 911 was again revised in 1993 under the internal name Type 993. This car was significant as it was the final incarnation of the air-cooled 911, introduced in 1964.
The exterior featured an all-new front and rear end. The revised bodywork was smoother, having a noticeably more aerodynamic front end somewhat reminiscent of the 959. Styling was by Englishman Tony Hatter under the supervision of design chief Harm Lagaay and completed in 1991.
Along with the revised bodywork, mechanically the 993 also featured an all-new multilink rear suspension that improved the car's ride and handling. This rear suspension was largely derived from the stillborn Porsche 989's rear multilink design, and served to rectify the problems with earlier models' tendency to oversteer if the throttle or brakes were applied mid-corner. These modifications also reduced previous 911's lift-off oversteer problems to a much more moderate degree.
The new suspension, along with chassis refinements, enabled the car to keep up dynamically with the competition. Engine capacity remained at 3.6 L, but power rose to 272 PS (200 kW) thanks to better engine management and exhaust design, and beginning with model year 1996 to 286 PS (210 kW). The 993 was the first Porsche to debut variable-length intake runners with the "Varioram" system on 1996 models. This addressed the inherent compromise between high-rpm power production and low-rpm torque production, and was one of the first of its kind to be employed on production vehicles. A new four-wheel-drive made a return as an option in the form of the Carrera 4, the rear-wheel-drive versions simply being called Carrera. A lightweight RS version saw capacity rise to 3.8 L, with power reaching 300 PS (221 kW). The RS version had rear-wheel drive only.
Non-turbo models appeared that used the Turbo's wide bodyshell and some other components (the Carrera 4S and later the Carrera S).
The rare Targa open-topped model also made a return, this time with a large glass roof that slid under the rear window. The expensive air-cooled 993 Targa had a limited release between 1996 and 1998. numbers: 1996: US/Can: 462 ROW: 1980, 1997: US/Can: 567 ROW: 1276, 1998: US/Can: 122 (100 Tiptronic / 22 Manual)
993 Turbo (1995–1997).
A Turbo version of the 993 was launched in 1995 and became the first standard production Porsche with twin turbochargers and the first 911 Turbo to be equipped with permanent all-wheel-drive (the homologated GT2 retained RWD). The similarity in specification and in performance levels inspired several comparison road tests with the Porsche 959. The 3.6 L twin turbo M64/60 engine produced 408 PS (300 kW).
In 1997, Porsche introduced a limited run of 182 copies of the 993 911 Turbo S with even higher performance. The additions include a boost of 24 PS (17.7 kW) over the regular Turbo's 400 PS (294 kW). There are some modifications to the body as well, which includes a scoop on the side right behind the doors for engine cooling and vents on the whale tail rear spoiler.
993 Turbo models, because of raw power, reliability and their nature as the final air-cooled 911 Turbo cars still command a massive premium.
Water-cooled engines (1998–present).
996 Series (1998–2004).
After 34 years in production the famous air-cooled 911 was replaced by an all-new water-cooled model. Known as the Type 996, this car was a major leap for Porsche, although many of the traits that defined the 911 during past decades still remained. With the new model there was finally a newly designed bodyshell (all previous 911s being based on the original 1963 shell). As with the 993 before it the 996 was also a significant model, but mainly for the way it was conceived and designed, and the effect it had on Porsche during the 1990s.
Pundits criticized the 996's styling a great deal, largely because it shared its headlamps and dash; indeed much of its front end, mechanically — with the less expensive Boxster. The 996 had been on the drawing board first and was a more advanced car in some respects, but the cost-cutting seemed inappropriate for an expensive car. 
Otherwise, Pinky Lai´s Exterior Design could be called " A slippery bebble stone that shaped like a new 911". It won more than a handful of international design awards between 1997 to 2003, ref. link:
http://www.designnstyling.com/
The Carrera model had a 0.30 coefficient of drag. The interior was criticized for its plainness and its lack of relationship to prior 911 interiors, although this came largely from owners of older 911s.
The Type 996 spawned over a dozen variations, including all-wheel-drive Carrera 4 and Carrera 4S (which had a 'Turbo look') models, the club racing-oriented GT3, and the forced-induction 996 Turbo and GT2. The Turbo, four-wheel-drive and twin-turbo, often made appearances in magazines' lists of the best cars on sale.
The Carrera and Carrera 4 underwent revisions for model year 2002, receiving clear lens front and rear indicator lights which were first seen on the Turbo version two years earlier. This allowed the 911 to be more distinguishable from the Boxster. A mildly revised front fascia was also introduced, though the basic architecture remained.
Engine displacement was 3.4 L and power featuring dry sump technology and variable valve timing, increased in 2002 to 3.6 L and 320 PS (235 kW).
The roof system on the convertible transformed the car from a coupe to a roadster in 19 seconds. The car is equipped with a rear spoiler that raises at speeds over 120 km/h (75 mph). It can also be raised manually by means of an electric switch.
Starting from the models with water-cooled engines, 911 Carreras do not come with rear limited-slip differential, except the 40th Anniversary 911, GT2, GT3 and Turbo. The exception would be for MY1999 where the limited-slip differential was available as option code 220.
996 GT3 (1999–2004).
Porsche released a road version GT3 version of the 996 series which was derived from the company's racing GT3. Simply called GT3, the car featured lightweight materials including thinner windows. The GT3 was a lighter and more focused design with the emphasis on handling and performance. The suspension ride height was lowered and tuned for responsiveness over compliance and comfort. These revisions improved handling and steering. Of more significance was the engine used in the GT3. Instead of using a version of the water-cooled units found in other 996s, the naturally aspirated engine was derived from the Porsche 911 GT1 '98 sports-prototype racing car and featured lightweight materials which enabled the engine to rotate at high speeds.
The engine was a naturally aspirated 3600 cc flat-six (F6) rather than either engine from the pre-facelift and revised Carrera. It produced at first and later improved to at the end of the 996 series' revision.
The GT3 did not feature rear seats.
996 Turbo (2001–2005).
In 2000, Porsche launched the Turbo version of the Type 996 for MY 2001. Like the GT3, the new Turbo engine derived from the 911 GT1 engine and, like its predecessor, featured twin-turbos and now developed 420 PS (309 kW). Also like its predecessor the new Turbo was only available with all-wheel drive. A US$17,000 factory option, the X50 package, was available that boosted the engine output to 450 PS (331 kW) with 620 N·m (457 lb·ftf) of torque across a wide section of the power band. With the X50 package in place the car could make 0–100 km/h (0–62 mph) in 3.91 seconds. Later on toward the end of the 996 life cycle, a 996 Turbo S coupe also returned to the US along with a new debut of the Turbo S Cabriolet boasting even more power— 450 PS (331 kW) and 620 N·m (457 lb·ftf)— than the regular Turbo. The Turbo can reach a top speed of .
Styling-wise, the car was more individual than previous Turbos. Along with the traditional wider rear wings, the 996 Turbo had different front lights and bumpers when compared to the Carrera and Carrera 4. The rear bumper had air vents that were reminiscent of those on the Porsche 959 and there were large vents on the front bumper, which have been copied on the Carrera 4S and Cayenne Turbo.
Most important of all, the Styling of 996 Turbo was done, for the first time(1997) in the company history and in the car design field,
with the help of Computer Aided Styling. Practically a digital Styling model existed before the full size clay model, and 99% of the Styling changes were done on the digital model and then the clay model would be milled (CNC) in order to present to the top management for approval.
997 Series (2005–2012).
In 2005, the 911 was heavily revised and the 996's replacement, the 997, was unveiled. The 997 keeps the basic profile of the 996, bringing the drag coefficient down to 0.28, but draws on the 993 for detailing. In addition, the new headlights revert to the original bug-eye design, drifting from the teardrop scheme of the 996. Its interior is also similarly revised, with strong links to the earlier 911 interiors while at the same time looking fresh and modern. The 997 shares less than a third of its parts with the outgoing 996, but is still technically very similar to it.
Initially, two versions of the 997 were introduced— the rear-wheel-drive Carrera and Carrera S. While the base 997 Carrera produced 325 PS (239 kW) from its 3.6 L Flat 6, a more powerful 3.8 L 355 PS (261 kW) Flat 6 powers the Carrera S. Besides a more powerful engine, the Carrera S also comes standard with 19 inch (48 cm) "Lobster Fork" style wheels, more powerful and larger brakes (with red calipers), a more sporty suspension, complete with PASM (Porsche Active Suspension Management) which allows for electronic adjustability of suspension settings, Xenon headlamps, and sport steering wheel.
In late 2005, Porsche announced the all-wheel-drive versions to the 997 lineup. Carrera 4 models (both Carrera 4 and Carrera 4S) were announced as 2006 models. Both Carrera 4 models are wider than their rear-wheel-drive counterparts by 1.26 inches (32 mm) to cover wider rear tires. 0–60 mph (97 km/h) for a base Carrera 4 with the engine was reported at 4.5 seconds according to Edmunds.com. The 0–100 km/h (62 mph) acceleration for the Carrera S with the was noted to be as fast as 4.2 seconds in a recent "Motor Trend" comparison, and "Road & Track" has timed it at 3.8 seconds. The 997 lineup includes both 2- and 4-wheel-drive variants, named Carrera 2 and Carrera 4 respectively. The Targas (4 and 4S), released in November 2006, are 4-wheel-drive versions that divide the difference between the coupes and the cabriolets with their dual, sliding glass tops.
The change to the 7th generation (991) took place in the middle of the model year 2012. A 2012 Porsche 911 can either be a 997 or a 991, depending on the month of the production.
There were rumours that the 997 911 was to undergo an update for the 2008 model year, however these changes were held off until the 2009 model year. The official changes, originally found in leaked product guides, revealed the new 997 would receive a larger air intake in the front bumper, new headlights, new rear taillights, new clean-sheet design direct fuel injection engines, and the introduction of a dual-clutch gearbox called PDK. Porsche USA revealed that the 2009 models due out in April would be equipped with Bluetooth support in the communications system.
997 Turbo.
The Turbo version of the 997 series featured the same 3.6 L twin-turbocharged engine as the 996 Turbo, but this time it developed and of torque. This was in part due to the 997's VTG (variable turbine geometry), which essentially combines the low-rev boost and quick responses of a small turbocharger with the high-rev power of a larger turbocharger. As well as producing more power and flexibility, the new turbocharger improved fuel consumption over the 996 Turbo. With these performance upgrades, it accelerates to 100 km/h (62 mph) in 3.7 seconds (with the manual transmission) and reaches a top speed of . However, these are official figures and Porsche is notable for being conservative about their power and performance ratings. "Motor Trend" magazine has clocked the 997 Turbo's 0–60 mph time in 3.2 seconds with the Tiptronic transmission. Jeremy Clarkson on his "Thriller" DVD, showed that on a de-restricted stretch of autobahn with just the right downwards gradient, the car maxed out . The optional Sports Chrono overboost package increases torque to for short periods (maximum 10 seconds) but over a narrower rev range.
The 997 Turbo features a new all-wheel-drive system, similar to the one found on the Porsche Cayenne. Featuring PTM (Porsche Traction Management) the new system incorporates a clutch-based system which varies the amount of torque to the wheels to avoid tyre slippage. This, according to Porsche, aids traction and the handling by redirecting the torque to control oversteer or understeer, thus resulting in far more neutral handling, as well as greatly improved performance in all weather conditions (as opposed to older AWD system which gave the Turbo stability under hard acceleration). However, in the facelifted 911 Turbo, launched in August 2009, the PTM system has now been tweaked to give more a more rearward power bias.
The new 911 Turbo also has paddle shifters for the PDK double-clutch gearbox for the first time. The new 911 turbo uses a completely different engine. The previous water-cooled turbos (996 and 997) measured 3600cc and were based on the so-called Mezger motor that powered numerous race cars. The new engine measures 3800cc and was first developed for the new carrera that was launched in 2008. The variable-vane twin turbochargers have also been extensively reworked to increase responsiveness, and the intercooler and fuel system have been uprated. It develops 493 bhp which is 20 bhp more than the previous model. The steering wheel also houses a display showing when Sport, Sport Plus and launch control have been selected through the optional Sport Chrono package. Porsche claims the new 911 turbo will go from in 3.4 seconds and reach a top-speed of . However, several tests done by Auto-Magazines and impartial testers have revealed that the 0–100 km/h acceleration-time is generally as low as 2.9 seconds.
Styling wise, as with the 996 Turbo the car featured more distinctive styling cues over the Carreras, one of the more distinctive elements the front LED driving/parking/indicator lights mounted on a horizontal bar across the air intakes. The traditional rear wing is a variation of the 996 bi-plane unit.
A new 911 Turbo S has been announced by Porsche for production in 2010. This is, in essence, a fully optioned Porsche 911 Turbo. It has a PDK gearbox, sport exhausts, and other such options as standard. It also comes with re engineered turbos to give an extra 30 horsepower to a total of 523 hp. A 2010 911 Turbo S was tested 0–60 in 2.7 seconds with the PDK transmission by Car and Driver magazine. Road & Track tested the 911 Turbo S and achieved a 0–60 time of 2.6 seconds. The 911 Turbo S can reach a top-speed of .
997 GT3.
The 911 GT3, announced on February 23, 2006 accelerates in 4.1 seconds and reaches a top speed of , almost as fast as the Turbo. Porsche's factory reports can be conservative though; "Excellence" magazine tested the 997 GT3 and recorded 0–100 km/h in 3.9 seconds and a top speed of . The 997 GT3 was released in the summer of 2006. It was at that time crowned "the best handling car in America" by "Motor Trend".
997 GT3 RS.
The 911 GT3 RS was announced in early 2006 as a homologation version of the GT3 RSR racing car for competition events like Sebring and the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
The drivetrain of the RS is based on the 911 GT3, except for the addition of a lightweight flywheel and closer gear ratios for further improved response under acceleration. Unlike the GT3, the RS is built on the body and chassis of the 911 Carrera 4 and Turbo, and accordingly has a wider rear track for better cornering characteristics on the track.
Visually, the RS is distinguished by its unique color scheme – bright orange or green with black accents, which traces its roots to the iconic Carrera RS of 1973. The plastic rear deck lid is topped by a wide carbon-fiber rear wing. The front airdam has been fitted with an aero splitter to improve front downforce and provide more cooling air through the radiator.
The European version of the RS is fitted with lightweight plexiglass rear windows and a factory-installed roll cage.
Production of the first generation 997 GT3 RS ended in 2009. An estimated 413 units were delivered to the US and the worldwide production run is estimated to be under 2,000 vehicles.
In August 2009, Porsche announced the second generation of the 997 GT3 RS with an enlarged 3.8-liter engine producing , a modified suspension, dynamic engine mounts, new titanium sport exhaust, and modified lightweight bodywork.
In April 2011, Porsche announced the third generation of the 997 GT3 RS with an enlarged 4.0-liter engine producing , Porsche has designed the GT3 RS 4.0 using lightweight components such as bucket seats, carbon-fibre bonnet and front wings, and plastic rear windows for weight reduction, while using suspension components from the racing version. Other characteristics include low center of gravity, large rear wing and an aerodynamically optimised body. The lateral front air deflection vanes, a first on a production Porsche, increase downforce on the front axle. Aided by a steeply inclined rear wing, aerodynamic forces exert an additional 190 kg, enhancing the 911 GT3 RS 4.0's grip to the tarmac. The GT3 RS 4.0 weighs 2,998 pounds.
997 GT2.
The Type 996 911 GT2 was superseded by the Type 997 GT2 in 2007. The new car was announced at an official press release on 16 July of that year, but was officially launched during the 62nd Frankfurt Motor Show, which is held biannually in Frankfurt, Germany. It arrived in dealerships from November 2007.
The 997 GT2 has a twin-turbocharged 3.6-litre 6-cylinder engine, which generates at 6500 rpm, and of torque from 2200 to 4500 rpm. It has a 6-speed manual gearbox and rear wheel drive. With a curb weight of 3,175 lb (1,440 kg), the Porsche 997 GT2 does nought to in 3.6 seconds, and nought to 100 mph (161 km/h) in 7.4 seconds, and has a top speed of . This makes it the first street-legal 911 to exceed 200 mph (322 km/h), with the exception of the 1998 911 GT1 road car (which is broadly considered not to be a true 911 due to its mid-mounted engine).
The American auto publication "Motor Trend" tested a 2008 Porsche 911 GT2 0–60 mph at 3.4 seconds, and 11.4 seconds at for the quarter mile. The GT2 also recorded a braking distance from of and recorded 1.10g lateral grip. The GT2 made an appearance on "Top Gear", where it had a lap time of 1:19.5, faster than a Carrera GT by .3 of a second.
Its appearance differs slightly from its sister-car, the 911 (997) Turbo, in a few ways. It does not have fog lights in the front bumper, it has a revised front lip, it has a different rear wing (with two small air scoops on either side), and it has a different rear bumper (now featuring titanium exhaust pipes).
The 997 GT2 is also different from the 997 Turbo in that it is rear-wheel-drive rather than all-wheel-drive.
997 GT2 RS.
On May 4, 2010, an RS variant was announced to German dealers in Leipzig. The GT2 RS develops and of torque and weighs less than the standard GT2, allowing for a top speed of and 0–100 km/h (0-62 mph) acceleration of 3.4 seconds.
991 Series (2012–).
The 991 is an entirely new platform, only the third platform since the original 911.
Porsche revealed basic information on the 991 Carrera and Carrera S on 23 August 2011. The Carrera is powered by a 350 hp (257 kW) 3.4-liter engine. The Carrera S features a 3.8-liter engine producing 400 hp (294 kW). A Power Kit (option X51) is available for the Carrera S, increasing power to 430 hp. The new 991's overall length grows by 2.2 inches and wheelbase grows by 3.9 inches (now 96.5 in.) Overhangs are trimmed and the rear axle moves rearward roughly 3 in. toward the engine (made possible by new 3-shaft transmissions whose output flanges are moved closer to the engine). There is a wider front track (2.0 inches wider for the Carrera S). The design team was headed by Michael Mauer.
At the front, the new 991 has very wide-set headlights that are more three-dimensional. Front fender peaks are a bit more prominent, and wedgy directionals now appear to float above the intakes for the twin coolant radiators. The stretched rear 3/4 view has changed the most, with a slightly more voluminous form and thin taillight slivers capped with the protruding lip of the bodywork. The biggest and main change in the interior is the center console, inspired by the Carrera GT and adopted by the Panamera.
The 991 is the first 911 to use predominantly aluminum construction. This means that even though the car is larger than the outgoing model, it is still up to lighter. The reduced weight and increased power means that both the Carrera and Carrera S are appreciably faster than the outgoing models. The 0–60 mph time for the manual transmission cars are 4.6 seconds for the Carrera and 4.3 seconds for the Carrera S. When equipped with PDK the 991 models can accelerate from 0–60 mph in 4.4 seconds and 4.1 seconds for the Carrera and Carrera S respectively. With the optional sports chrono package, available in cars with the PDK transmission, the 991 Carrera can accelerate from 0–60 mph in as little as 4.2 seconds and the Carrera S can do the same in 3.9 seconds. 
Apart from the reworked PDK transmission, the new 991 is also equipped with an industry-first 7-speed manual transmission with rev-matching. A new feature with the manual transmission is that it blips the throttle during downshifts (if in Sport Plus mode). Also, the 7th gear cannot be engaged unless the car is already in 5th or 6th gear.
One of Porsche's primary objectives with the new model was to improve fuel economy as well as increase performance. In order to meet these objectives, Porsche introduced a number of new technologies in the 911. One of the most controversial of these is the introduction of electromechanical power steering instead of the previous hydraulic steering. This steering helps reduce fuel consumption, but some enthusiasts feel that the very precise steering feedback for which the 911 is famous is reduced with the new system. The cars also feature an engine stop/start system which turns the engine off at red lights, as well as a coasting system which allows the engine to idle while maintaining speed on downhill gradients on highways. This allows for up to 16% reduction in fuel consumption and emissions over the outgoing models.
The new cars also have a number of technologies aimed at improving handling. The cars include a torque vectoring system (standard on the Carrera S and optional on the Carrera) which brakes the inner wheel of the car when going into turns. This helps the car turn-in quicker and with more precision. The cars also feature hydraulic engine mounts which help reduce the inertia of the engine when going into turns as part of the optional sports chrono package. Active suspension management is standard on the Carrera S and optional on the Carrera. This helps improve ride quality on straights, while stiffening the suspension during aggressive driving. The new 991 is also equipped with a new feature called Porsche Dynamic Chassis Control (PDCC) and Porsche claims that this new feature alone has shaved 4-seconds off the standard car's lap time around the Nürburgring. PDCC helps the car corner flat and is said to improve high-speed directional stability and outright lateral body control but according to several reviews, the car is more prone to understeer when equipped with this new technology.
In January 2013, Porsche introduced the all-wheel-drive variants of the Carrera models. The '4' and '4S' models are distinguishable by wider tires, marginally wider rear body-work and a red-reflector strip that sits in between the tail-lights. In terms of technology, the new 4 and 4S models are equipped with an all-new all-wheel-drive system that sends power to the front wheels only when there is a need for it, giving the driver a sense of being in a rear-wheel-drive 911 when the conditions are perfect but sending power and torque to the front wheels only when the road and weather conditions are not ideal.
In May 2013, Porsche announced changes to the model year 2014 911 Turbo and Turbo S models, increasing their power to 520 hp on the 'Turbo', and 560 hp on the 'Turbo S', giving them a 0-60 mph time of 3.2 and 2.9 seconds, respectively. A rear-wheel steering system has also been incorporated on the Turbo models that will turn the rear wheels in the opposite direction at low speeds or the same direction at high speeds to improve handling.
In January 2014, Porsche introduced the new model year 2015 Targa 4 and Targa 4S models. These new models come equipped with an all-new roof technology with the original Targa design, now with an all electric cabriolet roof along with the B-pillar and the glass 'dome' at the rear..
911 GT1.
The Porsche 911 GT1 is a car that was developed in 1996 for the GT1 Le Mans racing class. In order to qualify for GT racing, 25 homologation road-going models were built as a requirement. These models developed around and did 0–60 mph in 3.3 seconds. Its top speed was . Both the road and race cars carried the same twin turbocharged engine the 962 had, and the race car was a match for the McLaren F1 GTRs during which time it raced. A re-developed version of the 911 GT1 race car was built, and this model won the 1998 24 Hours of Le Mans. Although this car is not really considered to be a real 911 (largely because of its mid-mounted engine and built for homologation purposes), it is the most powerful and the fastest road-going Porsche ever made besides the new 918 Spyder. The original car's front section design came from a 911, but the rear came from a 962 Le Mans prototype.
Electric vehicles.
The ERuf Model A is an all-electric sports car based on the 911. It is produced by Ruf Automobile.
Awards.
In 2004, "Sports Car International" named the 911 number three on the list of Top Sports Cars of the 1960s, the Carrera RS number seven on the list of Top Sports Cars of the 1970s, and the 911 Carrera number seven on the list of Top Sports Cars of the 1980s. In addition, the 911 was voted Number 2 on "Automobile Magazine"'s list of the "100 Coolest Cars". The 997 was nominated for the "World Car of the Year" award for 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18300277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300277" title="Yada Station">
Yada Station

History.
Yada Station was opened on April 2, 1905. The station was rebuilt with elevated tracks in 1980. A new station building was completed on March 1, 2004. On December 16, 2006, the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented. 
Layout.
Yada Station has two opposed side platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300283" title="Priscilla and the Umbrella">
Priscilla and the Umbrella

__NOTOC__
Priscilla and the Umbrella is a 1911 American short silent comedy film directed by Frank Powell and Mack Sennett, starring Florence Barker and featuring Blanche Sweet. 

</doc>
<doc id="18300298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300298" title="Moriyama-Jieitai-Mae Station">
Moriyama-Jieitai-Mae Station

Passengers may transfer to Moriyama Station on the Yutorito Line.
History.
Moriyama-Jieitai-Mae Station was opened on April 2, 1905, as on the privately operated Seto Electric Railway. It was named after its location in front of an Imperial Japanese Army base occupied by the IJA 33rd Infantry Regiment of the IJA 3r d Division. The Seto Electric Railway was absorbed into the Meitetsu group on September 1, 1939, and the station was renamed on February 10, 1941, for security reasons. It was again renamed to on June 1, 1946, and on February 1, 1955. It assumed its present name on March 15, 1966. A new station building was completed on March 24, 1984. The station has been unattended after August 2006. The Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles was implemented in 2012.
Layout.
Moriyama-Jieitai-Mae Station has two opposed side platforms. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300307" title="List of fly fishing waters in Europe">
List of fly fishing waters in Europe

The articles listed below on specific bodies of water--seas, lakes, rivers, etc. have significant content on the subject of fly fishing for the fish that swim in them or are notable fly fishing destinations in Europe.
Austria.
Rivers
Belgium.
Rivers
Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Rivers
Mountain Lakes
Great Britain.
Rivers
Small Still Waters
Reservoirs
Norway.
Rivers
See also.
List of fly fishing waters in North America

</doc>
<doc id="18300317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300317" title="Tabanus lineola">
Tabanus lineola

Tabanus lineola, also known as the striped horse fly, is a species of biting horse-fly. It is know from the eastern and southern United States and the Gulf coast of Mexico.
Description.
"T. lineola" females have a pale median stripe on their abdomen and are known for biting. The male does not bite and lacks hair on eyes.

</doc>
<doc id="18300329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300329" title="Broken Cross">
Broken Cross

Broken Cross may refer to:
An area of Macclesfield in the county of Cheshire
The Broken Cross may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18300333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300333" title="Hyōtan-yama Station (Aichi)">
Hyōtan-yama Station (Aichi)

History.
Hyōtan-yama Station was opened on June 3, 1936, on the privately operated Seto Electric Railway. The Seto Electric Railway was absorbed into the Meitetsu group on September 1, 1939. The station was closed from 1944 to 1946 due to World War 2. The platforms were lengthened in March 1978. A new station building was completed on October 6, 1981, and the station was manned for the first time. However, with the introduction of the Tranpass system of magnetic fare cards with automatic turnstiles in December 2006, the station has again been unattended. 
Layout.
Hyōtan-yama Station has two opposed side platforms. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300337" title="HaHotrim">
HaHotrim

HaHotrim (, "lit." The Rowers) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located near Tirat Carmel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaCarmel Regional Council. In 2012 it had a population of 631.
History.
The beginnings of the kibbutz were in December 1941, with the formation of a work company near Kiryat Haim by immigrants from Czechoslovakia and Germany. The kibbutz was established in 1952 on the land of a depopulated Arab village named Al-Tira in June 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18300355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300355" title="Middlestown">
Middlestown

Middlestown is a small village in West Yorkshire, England, in the civil parish of Sitlington. The villages of Middlestown, Netherton, Overton and Midgley are built around and overlook the Coxley Valley. 
There are two Yorkshire Wildlife Trust Nature Reserves within the boundaries and the area is also home to the National Coal Mining Museum for England.
Both the M1 and M62 are a few minutes drive away.
External links.
Community Website

</doc>
<doc id="18300358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300358" title="THSR Changhua Station">
THSR Changhua Station

The THSR Changhua Station () is a planned station of the Taiwan High Speed Rail located in Tianzhong Township, Changhua County, Taiwan.
Overview.
The elevated station will have two side platforms. It is planned to open in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="18300360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300360" title="José Calvo">
José Calvo

José Calvo (March 3, 1916 – May 16, 1980) was a Spanish film actor best known for his roles in western films or historical dramas. 
He made around 150 appearances mostly in films between 1952 and his death in 1980. He entered film in 1952 and was prolific as an actor throughout the 1950s and 1960s. He made many appearances in crime dramas, often with a historical theme and appeared in a high number of western films. 
In 1964 he starred as the innkeeper Silvanito in Sergio Leone's Spaghetti Western production "A Fistful of Dollars" as one of Clint Eastwood's few "amigos" in the town of San Miguel. He later appeared in westerns such as "I Giorni dell'ira" (1967) opposite Lee Van Cleef, "Anda muchacho, spara!" (1971) and "Dust in the Sun" (1973) etc.
However, after the Spaghetti western era of the late 1960s, in the 1970s he returned to appearing in primarily Spanish films and in contrast to the roles which dominated much of his career did appear in several Spanish comedy films often with slapstick humor as that genre grew popular in Latin cinema during this period.
He died in Gran Canaria on May 16, 1980 aged 64.

</doc>
<doc id="18300361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300361" title="Sid Lucero">
Sid Lucero

Timothy Mark Pimentel Eigenmann, better known by his stage name Sid Lucero (born March 12, 1981), is a Filipino television and film actor. He won the 31st Gawad Urian Best Actor award for his role in "Selda".
Career.
His acting career began with the GMA-7 soap opera "Hanggang Kailan". He soon landed the lead role in ABS-CBN fantaserye "Krystala".
On the 24th STAR Awards, he earned a nomination both for Best Actor ("Selda") and Best Supporting Actor ("Tambolista"). His first acting award was given by Golden Screen in Donsol for Best Breakthrough Performance of an Actor.
Sid Lucero and Emilio Garcia tied for the Best Actor award at the November 14–23, 2008 Thessaloniki International Film Festival in Greece, regarding film "Selda (The Inmate)".
He grew prominence as Alfred "Red" Ramirez in the Hit Primetime TV Series Dahil May Isang Ikaw which ran from August 25, 2009-January 14, 2010
He is managed by The Talent Factory. and appears in ABS-CBN's soap opera "Magkano Ang Iyong Dangal?."
In 2011, Lucero stated that he will be changing his network, from ABS-CBN's to GMA Network. He signed a 2-year contract to the network with an appearance in epic-drama series Amaya.
In 2012, Lucero will be included in an upcoming GMA Telebabad drama, "Legacy", with his co-stars, Heart Evangelista, and his cousin, Geoff Eigenmann. This was the first time to work his cousin Geoff in GMA since he transferred from ABS-CBN in 2011.
Personal life.
He is the son of actors Mark Gil and Bing Pimentel and is the older brother of Maxene Eigenmann and the younger half-brother of Gabby Eigenmann. He is also the older half-brother of Andi Eigenmann. Award-winning Actress Cherie Gil is his aunt, and Award-winning actor Michael de Mesa is his uncle while actors Ryan and Geoff Eigenmann are his cousins, legendary veteran actress Rosemarie Gil is his grandmother & Eddie Mesa, a legendary Filipino singer is his grandfather. He is one quarter Swiss German American descent.
He dated film director and presidential granddaughter Rozie Delgado. On the first few months of his relationship with Delgado, Lucero had an altercation with Delgado's ex-boyfriend, Mong Alcaraz of the bands Sandwich and Chicosci. Lucero and Delgado broke up after several years of dating. He was last known to have dated General Luna drummer Bea Lao.

</doc>
<doc id="18300373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300373" title="Obata Station (Aichi)">
Obata Station (Aichi)

History.
Obata Station was opened on April 2, 1905, on the privately operated Seto Electric Railway. The Seto Electric Railway was absorbed into the Meitetsu group on September 1, 1939. A new station building was completed in 1977, and the third generation station building in 1978. The present station was completed in 1999-2000. 
Layout.
Obata Station has two opposed side platforms, capable of handling trains of up to six carriages in length.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300377" title="Thing of the Past">
Thing of the Past

Thing of the Past is the third studio album by Andy Cabic's San-Francisco-based band Vetiver.
The album consists of cover songs originally performed by songwriters Andy Cabic considers influential in his music & life. Several of the original authors appear as guests on their respective songs, including Michael Hurley. "Thing of the Past" was recorded in Spring 2007 in Sacramento and Los Angeles. The basic tracks, including all the guitars, drums, bass and some of the vocals, were recorded live in studio.
Cabic has professed pride in the record, remarking:
I think this is the best album I've yet to make, in no small part because the songs are so good, but also because I didn't write them, which offered me a useful combination of restraint and freedom in performing them, bringing out the best in myself and the other musicians. It was an experiment in a lot of ways, and it was one of the best experiences I've yet to have recording anything.
Rhapsody (online music service) praised the album, calling it one of their favorite cover albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18300384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300384" title="Call Me Up in Dreamland">
Call Me Up in Dreamland

"Call Me Up in Dreamland" is a song that was written by Northern Irish singer-songwriter, Van Morrison and included on his 1970 album, "His Band and the Street Choir". Brian Hinton describes the song as "life on the road, with 'radio' as a verb and laughing sax."
Recording and composition.
The song was recorded in summer, 1970 at the A&R Recording Studios, 46th Street, New York, during the second "His Band and the Street Choir" sessions.
"Call Me Up in Dreamland" features a moderate 4/4 tempo. It is in the key of A major, with a chord sequence in the verses of A-E-D-A-D-E-A-D-A-E-D-A-D-E-A-D and the chorus of A-D-A-E-A-D-A-E-E♭-D-A. The song also has a tenor saxophone solo from Morrison. The song is composed in a gospel style and prominently features the vocal backing group the Street Choir.
Chart performance.
In June 1971 "Call Me Up in Dreamland" rose to #95 in the "Billboard" Hot 100 music charts.
Personnel.
The Street Choir

</doc>
<doc id="18300387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300387" title="Frances J. White">
Frances J. White

Frances J. White is a biological anthropologist, professor, and primatologist at the University of Oregon. She has studied the socioecology of the bonobo chimpanzee ("Pan paniscus") for over 25 years at Lomako Forest in the Democratic Republic of Congo. She is the foremost American authority on this species in the wild and has done extensive field research on the bonobo or pygmy chimpanzees.

</doc>
<doc id="18300393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300393" title="Samoan United Independents Political Party">
Samoan United Independents Political Party

The Samoan United Independents Political Party (SUIPP) was a political party in Samoa. The party was formed in the wake of the 2001 election, when 12 independent MPs grouped together. The party later combined with the Samoan National Development Party to form the Samoan Democratic United Party.
The party was led by Asiata Sale’imoa Va’ai.

</doc>
<doc id="18300399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300399" title="Edmonds Homeschool Resource Center">
Edmonds Homeschool Resource Center

Edmonds Heights K-12 (formerly known as the Edmonds Homeschool Resource Center) is an alternative school which offers many classes and workshops as curriculum supplements to home-schoolers. It is located in a large section of the former Woodway High School campus. The school operates under the WAC 392-121-182 Alternative Learning Experience Requirements. Students and parents are required to submit a written student learning plan (WSLP) monthly. Edmonds Heights offers classes to ages from kindergarten to 12th grade. It is open five days a week and runs on a semester schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="18300401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300401" title="Kitayama Station (Aichi)">
Kitayama Station (Aichi)

History.
Kitayama Station was opened on July 1, 1927, on the privately operated Seto Electric Railway. The Seto Electric Railway was absorbed into the Meitetsu group on September 1, 1939. A new station building was completed in March 1964. From 1946 to 2007, Kitayama Station was also the inspection yard for trains on the Seto Line.
Layout.
Kitayama Station has one side platform and one island platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300409" title="The Broken Cross (1911 film)">
The Broken Cross (1911 film)

The Broken Cross is a 1911 American short silent romance film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring Charles West and featuring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18300421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300421" title="Muhsen Bilal">
Muhsen Bilal

Muhsen Bilal () (born 1944) is a Syrian surgeon, ambassador and Ba'athist politician.
Early life and education.
Bilal was born into a prominent Alawite family in Burghalieh, Tartus Governorate, in 1944. He studied medicine at the University of Padua, graduating in 1970. In 1976, he specialized in surgery in Italy. Then he received his PhD in medicine and surgery from the University of Pennsylvania with the specialization in liver transplantation.
Career.
After graduation, Bilal became the head of surgery at the Al Assad University Hospital. He then served as a professor of surgery at the faculty of medicine at Damascus University from 1977 to 2001. 
His political career started in 1977 when he was elected to the Peoples Assembly. In 1981, he was named the chairman of the Arab and foreign affairs committee, and served in this position until 1985. He led the Syrian delegation at the 1982 World Peace Conference in Prague. In 2001, he became Syria's ambassador to Spain, and he held this post until he was appointed minister of information to the cabinet headed by then prime minister Mohammad Naji Otari in February 2006. He replaced Mahdi Dakhlallah as information minister. When Bilal was in office, he acted as chief spokesperson for the Syrian government during the Israel-Hezbollah war in 2006. Bilal's term ended in April 2011 when he was succeeded by Adnan Mahmoud.
Personal life.
Bilal speaks English, Spanish, and Italian.

</doc>
<doc id="18300444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300444" title="Cobraguard">
Cobraguard

CobraGuard is a provider of outsourced COBRA administration services founded in 2001 by Robert Meyers, Brad Watson and Stacy Bye. CobraGuard uses technology to streamline compliance and administration of the government-mandated health insurance (COBRA).
Since its founding, the company's revenues have increased 40 to 70 percent per year. The company maintains an exclusive relationship with the Detroit Regional Chamber whereby it offers COBRA administration to its 22,000 members and Affiliates.
As of June 2008, the company provides outsourced COBRA administration services to around 3,000 businesses, including The Allstate Corp. and Lowe's Cos. Inc.
The company is headquartered in Mission, Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="18300453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300453" title="2007–08 Maltese First Division">
2007–08 Maltese First Division

The Maltese First Division 2007-08 (known as BOV First Division 2007-08 for sponsorship reasons) started on October 9, 2007 and ended on May 23, 2008. Marsa F.C. and St. George's F.C. were the teams which were relegated from the Maltese Premier League 2006-07.Dingli Swallows and Mellieha were the promoted teams from the Maltese Second Division 2006-07. Tarxien Rainbows finished as champions and were promoted to the Maltese Premier League 2008-09.They were joined with Qormi,who won a play-off with Mosta 4-3 on penalties, following a 0-0 draw. The play-off was necessary because the two teams finished level on points.Mellieha and Marsa were relegated to the Maltese Second Division 2008-09.Mellieha had just been promoted but went straight down.Marsa suffered two straight relegations,having been relegated from the Premier League.
Participating Teams.
The Maltese First Division 2007-08 was made up of these teams:
Final League Table 2007/2008.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsC = Champions; R = Relegated; RP = Relegation playoffs
2007/2008 Results.
"To read this table, the home team is listed in the left-hand column."

</doc>
<doc id="18300471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300471" title="Ōmori-Kinjōgakuin-mae Station">
Ōmori-Kinjōgakuin-mae Station

History.
Ōmori-Kinjōgakuin-mae Station was opened on April 2, 1905, as on the privately operated Seto Electric Railway. The Seto Electric Railway was absorbed into the Meitetsu group on September 1, 1939. The station was renamed to its present name on November 14, 1992.
Layout.
Ōmori-Kinjōgakuin-mae Station has two opposed side platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300485" title="Cars and Girls">
Cars and Girls

"Cars and Girls" is a single released by the British rock group Prefab Sprout in 1988. It was the first single taken from their album of that year, "From Langley Park to Memphis". The single reached number 44 in the UK Singles Chart, and spent five weeks in that listing. It is one of their best-known songs, despite its comparatively low chart placing. 
The song is a critique of Bruce Springsteen's perceived limited subject matter in his songs.
McAloon suggests that Springsteen's worldview is too restricted and that "some things hurt more, much more, than cars and girls". Ironically, the song's popularity is partly due to it being misinterpreted as a "driving song", leading it to appear on compilation albums such as "Summer Cruisin'" and "Top Gear" (a spin-off from the BBC Television motoring show of the same name).

</doc>
<doc id="18300499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300499" title="Kays Catalogues">
Kays Catalogues

Kay and Co Ltd was a mail-order catalogue business, with offices and warehouses throughout the United Kingdom. It was a very successful company, especially during the latter part of the 20th century. 
The company had offices and warehouses in Worcester, Leeds, Glasgow, Newtown, Bradford, Bristol, Droitwich, Lancaster and York.
The company often commissioned artwork for the front of its catalogues. For instance, in 1974 and 1979, two pictures of Worcester Cathedral were used. In fact, the cathedral at Worcester was used as the basis for the front cover from 1958 until 1982.
The company was founded in Worcester in 1794. The company opened a purpose-built warehouse in Leeds in 1981 and this was closed in August 2004 (pictured). 
On 23 February 2007, Kays original depot in Worcester closed.
This was part of the work to amalgamate Kays and Littlewoods, calling it Shop Direct. Shop Direct is now centred around the traditional home of the Littlewoods group, Liverpool. The Kays brand continued to be used by Shop Direct until January 2011 when Kays, Empire Stores and Great Universal Stores merged to become K&Co.

</doc>
<doc id="18300514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300514" title="List of countries by gold production">
List of countries by gold production

This list of countries by gold production is from a report on the U.S. Geological Survey website [http://minerals.usgs.gov/minerals/pubs/commodity/gold/mcs-2013-gold.pdf].
For many years until 2006, South Africa was the world's dominant gold producer, but recently, other countries with large surface area have surpassed South Africa, including China, Russia, the United States, and Australia.
2006 Statistics.
This is a list of countries by production of gold in 2006, mostly based on British Geological Survey:

</doc>
<doc id="18300519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300519" title="Inba Station">
Inba Station

History.
Inba Station was opened on April 2, 1905, as a station on the privately operated Seto Electric Railway. The Seto Electric Railway was absorbed into the Meitetsu group on September 1, 1939. The station was closed from 1944 to 1946 due to World War II, and was closed again on April 5, 1969. However, with the increase in residential developments in the surrounding areas, the station was reopened on December 22, 1995. It has been unattended since 2006.
Layout.
Inba Station has two opposed side platforms. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300522" title="Spocanian">
Spocanian

Spocanian () is a constructed language, created by the Dutch linguist Rolandt Tweehuysen. Unlike such invented languages as Esperanto, Spocanian was never intended to be used for international communication; instead, it serves as the language of Spocania, a fictional island group in the Atlantic Ocean, southwest of Ireland.
Spocania and Spocanian are typical examples of early geofiction, predating the Internet. Tweehuysen started working on them when he was still a boy, in 1962. Over the years, they have attracted much press, radio and television attention in the Netherlands. Two travel books about the country have been published. To date, Spocania is one of the most elaborated fictional cultures ever published.
In its fictional setting, Spocanian is a member of the "Atlantic language" family. As a constructed language, it can be classified as a highly naturalistic a priori language: apart from loan words from European languages, the basic vocabulary and the grammar are unique. Grammar itself is full of "bizarre characteristics":
With a dictionary of over 25,000 entries, Spocanian is one of the most elaborated artistic languages ever created.

</doc>
<doc id="18300526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300526" title="How She Triumphed">
How She Triumphed

How She Triumphed was a 1911 American short silent romantic drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. The film is now considered lost.

</doc>
<doc id="18300533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300533" title="Glenvale Transport">
Glenvale Transport

Glenvale Transport Ltd (now trading as Stagecoach Merseyside) is a bus company formed in 2001 as a result of a management buy-in of Gillmoss bus depot from Arriva plc. The buy-in was in response to the Competition Commission that Arriva's dominance in Merseyside bus transport exceeded a reasonable share and therefore another bus company to compete with Arriva must enter the Merseyside market to retain competition among bus operators.
History.
In February 2000 Merseyside's largest bus operator MTL Trust Holdings Ltd was acquired by Arriva Passenger Services plc. The Drawlane Group, which had renamed itself British Bus and had sold to Cowie (which renamed itself Arriva) had acquired the North Western Road Car Company Ltd in March 1988. In turn North Western had gained substantial parts of the former Crosville and Ribble operations and acquired or created other companies - most notably Amberline, City Plus and Liverline in Liverpool, Beeline Buzz Company and Star Line Travel in Greater Manchester, Dee Line, Leigh Line, Little White Buses in West Lancashire, Runcorn Busways, South Lancashire Transport in St Helens, Warrington Gold Line and Wigan Bus. By the year 2000 Arriva North West Ltd (North Western) had built up a substantial presence in many parts Merseyside, Cheshire, Greater Manchester and West Lancashire. The acquisition and subsequent merger of the former MTL companies now known as Arriva Merseyside Ltd into Arriva North West Ltd gave Arriva a dominant position on Merseyside and in Liverpool in particular.
As a result, the Competition Commission ruled that as a condition of the sale of MTL to Arriva and to preserve competition within the Merseyside bus market - Aintree-based CMT Buses being the only major competitor in Liverpool at that time - Arriva had to divest one of the former MTL garages to a new buyer within one year and not compete with that buyer for a period of three years. The bus corridors of South/East Liverpool were lucrative and had experienced more competition than those to the North of Liverpool and it was Liverpool's Gillmoss depot on the East Lancashire Road that Arriva offered for sale. The sale of Gillmoss, however, would turn out to be a rather protracted process. Its most profitable routes - 12/13 (Stockbridge Village Circular - Liverpool), 14 (Croxteth - Liverpool) and 53/55 (Thornton/Old Roan - Liverpool) were allowed to remain with Arriva Merseyside/North West and were transferred to its Green Lane and Bootle depots. It is unknown whether this deterred prospective buyers but an early buyer did emerge in the form of Go-Ahead Group plc who considered Gillmoss as similar to its Go North East operation and therefore almost came to an agreement to buy Gillmoss towards the beginning of 2001. However at the 11th hour Go-Ahead pulled out of the deal, opting instead to acquire Arriva Croydon & North Surrey Ltd as it had more strategic fit with its Metrobus subsidiary in Surrey and West Sussex.
Arriva was having difficulty selling Gillmoss and put a proposal to the Competition Commission to re-invest in Gillmoss if it were allowed to keep the depot. The Competition Commission refused and the search for a buyer continued. In the Spring/Summer of 2001 a number of bids began to emerge. The first of these came from Merseyside's largest independent operator, CMT Buses, who were looking to strengthen their position on Merseyside. The second bidder was Singapore-based DelGro Corporation, which purchased stock-market listed Metroline a siginifcant contractor to London Buses and in turn had purchased MTL London in August 1998. The third was an unknown consortium which at the time was shrouded in mystery and was revealed to have come from Stagecoach Holdings plc. However a fourth bid emerged, fronted by ex-MTL managers Dominic Brady and Ian Campbell. This was Glenvale Transport Ltd/(GTL) and it successfully acquired Gillmoss and took over from Arriva in July 2001.
Formation.
The protracted sale of Gillmoss did lead to poor staff morale, compounded by Arriva using Gillmoss as a dumping ground for the remaining ex-London Buses Leyland Titans that Merseybus/MTL had been acquiring since the end of 1992. Gillmoss did have a modern fleet of 25 Volvo Olympian/Northern Counties Palatine II that Liverbus and Merseybus/MTL North had bought new between them in 1995 and 1998 respectively and had been dubbed The Millennium Fleet. However GTL decided to not take up the leasing arrangements for these vehicles and remained with Arriva Merseyside who transferred them mostly to the Speke and Green Lane depots in Liverpool along with a handful for the Laird Street depot in Birkenhead. In return around 30 MCW Metrobuses which were more than 20 years old and had previously operated for Arriva Croydon & North Surrey and had been refurbished in 1999. MTL's cream and crimson livery was retained. 
As a result of the Competition Commission's requirements Arriva couldn't compete with GTL's core route network in North Liverpool and Kirkby for three years and GTL decided to exploit this advantage: the next 18 months saw GTL rapidly expanding its route network throughout much of Merseyside. GTL promised investment in new vehicles for Gillmoss, however this never materialised. Instead further ex-London vehicles in the form of another large batch of Leyland Titans, along with Reeve Burgess/Plaxton Pointer-bodied Dennis Darts and a smaller batch of Metrobuses (some of which briefly operated in the liveries of their former owners) were acquired and at its peak GTL acquired a fleet of around 120 Titans and 60 Metrobuses. GTL's newest vehicles in 2000 were a batch of 11 Dennis Dart SLF/Marshall Capitals - which were the last batch of vehicles to be purchased new by MTL in 1999, and eight 1997 Dennis Dart SLF/East Lancs Sprytes acquired secondhand from Speke-based Express Travel in 2002. Furthermore these vehicles only usually operated Merseytravel contracts. A significant amount of the GTL fleet was approaching 25 years of age and as GTL charged higher fares than Arriva Merseyside and CMT Buses it gave GTL a more unfavourable impression in the eyes of Merseyside's bus users. In order to remain operating, GTL had to consolidate its position within Merseyside's bus market. The only remaining opportunity for GTL to do this was Aintree-based CMT Buses and it was perhaps unsurprising that GTL acquired CMT Buses.
CMT Buses.
History.
CMT Buses was formed from C&M Travel Ltd who were a long established coach hire operator in the Merseyside area. After deregulation CMT gained a foothold into bus operation by winning Merseytravel contracts and by the late-1980s had begun a commercial service network on the Wirral. Between 1991 and 1994 the company turned its focus to the Liverpool bus market which was already a hotbed of intense competition between Merseybus/MTL, City Fleet, Fareway, Liverline, Liverbus, Halton Transport, Merseyline, North Western, Village Group and GM Buses (North/South). The coach hire and Wirral based services were discontinued and a significant number of new services on many of Liverpool's most lucrative bus corridors were started by CMT with a large fleet of Leyland Nationals. These were very successful and sparked a 'bus war' in Liverpool which led to a period of consolidation in which MTL acquired Fareway, Liverbus and Village Group, North Western acquired Liverline, GM Buses North/South withdrew from Merseyside and MTL, North Western, CMT Buses, GM Buses North/South and Halton Transport entered into a controversial agreement which limited competition between these parties in the North West and fixed fares. A Competition Commission investigation which ruled this was illegal and fined the parties involved.
Despite this, CMT Buses was successful within the Merseyside bus market and from the Summer of 1995 to the Summer of 2002, it gradually began adding substantial numbers of new vehicles to its fleet including Volvo B10B/Wright Endurance, Volvo B10L/Wright Liberator, Volvo B10BLE/Wright Renown, Dennis Dart/Northern Counties Paladin, Dennis Dart SLF/Wright Crusader and Dennis Super Dart/Plaxton Pointers, along with relatively modern secondhand acquisitions including Volvo B10B/Alexander Striders from Blazefield-owned Harrogate & District and Leyland Lynxes from a variety of sources to replace the aging Leyland Nationals.
Expansion.
Towards the end of 1998, CMT acquired Formby-based independent "ABC Travel" which operated a substantial number of contracts for Merseytravel services and a modern fleet of mainly Optare products including MetroRiders, Deltas, Excels and Solos. Merseytravel contractor L&M Transport/Greenbus, in which it was rumoured CMT Buses had an interest, was integrated into CMT around 2001 and the operations centred upon the CMT base in Aintree. On 15 June 2003 GTL acquired the CMT operation, further consolidating GTL's position within the Merseyside bus market, expanding the fleet to approximately 290 vehicles and adding CMT's Aintree garage to that at Gillmoss.
Glenvale's expansion.
The acquisition of CMT Buses enabled GTL to become Merseyside's second largest bus operator. Initially GTL kept CMT Buses as a separate entity, maintaining their all over bright red livery and yellow CMT Buses/liver bird logos along with CMT's route network, some of which duplicated those of GTL. 
In October 2003, however, management of the Aintree depot was passed over to GTL's management team and service network rationalised to co-ordinate with those of GTL. New blue 'GTL' logos were applied to the CMT vehicles and GTL adopted a darker all-red livery to replace the ex-MTL cream/crimson livery. There was again talk of investment in new vehicles along with possible expansion on Merseyside (opening a depot in the Speke area to compete directly with Arriva's South Liverpool services) and beyond.
A possible network of services on the Wirral along with rumours of GTL acquiring First Cheshire & Wirral's depot at Rock Ferry and a move into London Buses tendered contracts - Dominic Brady and Ian Campbell had been part of MTL London's management team - along with an Alternative Investment Market listing on the London Stock Exchange as a means for GTL to raise funds for investment. However GTL achieved none of this and by the end of 2003 it was still perceived by many within the bus industry as a small Merseyside-based operator with a rapidly aging fleet of ex-London double deckers - even after the CMT Buses acquisition.
Fleet Investment.
Despite this, GTL patronised Essex-based dealer Ensign Bus to modernise the fleet and from late 2003 to the Spring of 2005 approximately 94 Volvo B6/Dennis Darts with Alexander Dash bodywork - ironically coming from various companies within the Stagecoach Group, along with smaller batches of Dennis Dart/Wright Handybuses from Go North East and ex-Metroline Dennis Dart/Northern Counties Paladins - ironically once part of the fleet at MTL London - were purchased. However these vehicles were 9–12 years old and not the new vehicles GTL had promised.
Arriva Competition.
By autumn 2004, the Competition Commission ban on Arriva competing against GTL in Kirkby and North Liverpool was over. In response to significant expansion by GTL throughout Merseyside, Arriva registered high frequency copycat services over much of the GTL network in Kirkby and North Liverpool including 2 (Kirkby Northwood-Liverpool), 14A/B (Kirkby Tower Hill-Liverpool), 17 (Fazakerley Hospital-Liverpool), 19 (Fazakerley Lower Lane-Liverpool), 20 (Skelmersdale-Kirkby-Liverpool). These services mostly used modern low-floor vehicles and gave Arriva a competitive advantage over GTL's ageing fleet
Decline.
GTL never bought any new vehicles, despite promises on numerous occasions of significant reinvestment. Despite GTL's core routes in Kirkby and North Liverpool being considered as lucrative, profitable bus territory, GTL had an annual turnover of approximately £25m. Furthermore, levels of car ownership were relatively low, with significant declines in patronage. 
By March 2005 GTL had run up debts of approximately £7m and was rumoured to be struggling to meet its financial commitments. GTL was therefore put on the market and after months of speculation Stagecoach Group plc was announced as buyer.
A final event of note for GTL was ex-Stagecoach East Midlands Volvo B6/Alexander Dash (7282/L448LWE) had a starring role in the successful Liverpool FC UEFA Champion's League homecoming on 26 May 2005. After becoming stranded in the vast crowd of people on Lime Street some Liverpool fans used 7282's roof as a vantage point to see Liverpool's open top bus parade in the city centre. Apart from a few small dents to the roof no damage was caused to the vehicle.
Fate.
On numerous occasions, rival transport operator Stagecoach had made bids for some or all of the companies making up the former MTL Trust Holdings Group. GTL had put itself on the open market, with bids for the company submitted by open tender. After several bids by other potential buyers, GTL accepted a reported £3.4M cash on 13 July 2005 by Stagecoach, an offer which also agreed to absorb GTL's debt of approximately £7m.

</doc>
<doc id="18300536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300536" title="Jamesiella scotica">
Jamesiella scotica

Jamesiella scotica is a species of lichen that is thought to be endemic to the United Kingdom and Ireland. In the UK it occurs in montane habitats in England, Wales and Scotland at heights of over 200 metres, thriving on decomposing bryophytes (such as "Marsupella emarginata") on base-rich soils.
Distribution and conservation.
In the UK the species is classified as near threatened and receives protection under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981. It is found in the Cairngorm mountains of Scotland and from Ben Alder, Ben Hope and Ben Lawers elsewhere in the Highlands.
It is known from three sites in Wales – Cwm Idwal, Cwm Glas Mawr and Llyn Glas – and one site in Cumbria, in England. In Ireland, it is found on metamorphosed limestone in County Donegal.
Description.
"J. scotica" is a crustose lichen with a varnish-like thallus that grows to a diameter of 1.5 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="18300547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300547" title="Asahi-mae Station">
Asahi-mae Station

History.
Asahi-mae Station was opened on April 2, 1905, as on the privately operated Seto Electric Railway. The Seto Electric Railway was absorbed into the Meitetsu group on September 1, 1939. The station was renamed to its present name in 1942. A new station building was completed in April 1985. The station has been unattended since 2006.
Layout.
Asahi-mae Station has two opposed side platforms. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300573" title="Champy">
Champy

Champy can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18300577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300577" title="Richard O'Kelly">
Richard O'Kelly

Richard Florence O'Kelly (born 8 January 1957) is an English former footballer turned manager; who is Dean Smith's assistant manager at League One side Walsall.
He began his career at Walsall in 1979, as they won promotion into the Third Division in 1979–80, where they remained for his next six seasons at Fellows Park, during which time he scored 56 goals in 204 league games. He was sold on to Port Vale for a £6,000 fee in July 1986, before returning to Walsall on a free transfer January 1988. Helping the "Saddlers" to win promotion via the play-offs, he moved on to Grimsby Town, before retiring due to injury the following year.
After retiring due to injury in 1989 he took up coaching and has served as the assistant manager at Hereford United, Bournemouth, and Doncaster Rovers. He became a manager for the first time with Hereford United in March 2012, but quit the post two months later after the "Bulls" were relegated out of the Football League. He immediately returned to the number two role at former club Walsall.
Playing career.
O'Kelly started his career with Alvechurch before moving into the Football League with Walsall in 1979, after being signed by manager Alan Buckley. The "Saddlers" were promoted into the Third Division as Fourth Division as runners-up in 1979–80, two points behind champions Huddersfield Town. Walsall retained their third tier status in 1980–81 by finishing one place and one point above the drop zone. They came even closer to relegation in 1981–82, finishing ahead of relegated Wimbledon on goal difference. They then improved, finishing tenth in 1982–83, before finishing sixth in 1983–84, eight points behind promoted Sheffield United. However Walsall dropped to eleventh in 1984–85, and O'Kelly was the club's top scorer with eighteen goals. They finished sixth in 1985–86, nine points behind promoted Derby County. In his seven years at Fellows Park he racked up over 200 appearances, with a goal rate of one goal every four games.
In July 1986, the cultured striker joined fellow West Midlands and Third Division side Port Vale for a £6,000 fee. His Vale Park career started with a bang as he scored on his debut in a 2–2 draw at Middlesbrough on 23 August 1986. After playing the next three matches he was struck down with an injury to his knee ligaments, which required an operation the following January. Sidelined for the rest of the 1986–87 season, he returned to the first team at the beginning of the 1987–88 season, and scored three goals in 22 appearances.
In January 1988, John Rudge allowed him to return to Walsall on a free transfer. The club won promotion at the end of the season under Tommy Coakley's stewardship, beating Bristol City 4–0 in the play-off Final. He then joined former manager Alan Buckley at Fourth Division Grimsby Town, as the "Mariners" posted a ninth place finish in 1988–89; O'Kelly finished his playing career in 1989 following a bad injury sustained playing for Grimsby in an encounter with Doncaster Rovers.
Management career.
Coaching.
After finishing his playing career, O'Kelly worked as Port Vale's community officer from August 1990 to May 1991 before returning to Blundell Park as a youth team coach. He left Grimsby for the same position at West Bromwich Albion in 1994. He spent seven years at The Hawthorns as youth team coach, and then six months at Aston Villa, before joining Hereford United in 2002 as assistant manager to Graham Turner.
He was appointed assistant manager of Bournemouth in the summer of 2004 and two years later followed manager Sean O'Driscoll to Doncaster Rovers. Under the pair's first full season at Rovers the club gained promotion into the Championship after winning the League One play-off final in 2008 against Leeds United. The pair were placed on 'gardening leave' by the club in September 2011, with Rovers sitting bottom of the Championship.
In November 2011 he announced his return to Walsall, coaching for the club on a voluntary basis.
Hereford United.
On 5 March 2012, O'Kelly was appointed manager of Hereford United, replacing Jamie Pitman, who stayed on at Edgar Street as a coach. He took charge with the club two places and two points above the League Two relegation zone. He signed a contract until the end of the 2011–12 season. On taking charge he said "It's my first job as manager but what better team to start with. We've got 12 games to show and prove to people just what we can do." He got his first point in charge at the club the following day, when his side squandered a two goal lead to draw 2–2 with Macclesfield Town at Moss Rose. Four days later they beat Morecambe 1–0 at the Globe Arena, further boosting their chances of survival. He later signed full-back James Chambers and winger James Baxendale on loan from Doncaster Rovers. To avoid relegation on the last day of the campaign, the "Bulls" needed to beat Torquay United and hope Burton Albion could avoid defeat at home to Barnet. Chairman David Keyte said that he should have appointed O'Kelly earlier in the season. His team won a futile 3–2 victory, as a win for Barnet sent Hereford back down to the Conference. He was asked to remain in charge for the subsequent Conference campaign, but declined the offer.
Return to coaching.
In June 2012, Dean Smith appointed O'Kelly as his assistant manager at League One side Walsall. In accepting the job he turned down Sean O'Driscoll's offer to join the coaching staff at Crawley Town. However he went on to quit Walsall for Championship side Bristol City in January 2013, after O'Driscoll was appointed as the "Robins" new manager. Four months later he resigned, citing personal reasons. He made an immediate return to Walsall to once again work as Dean Smith's assistant.

</doc>
<doc id="18300581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300581" title="Owari Asahi Station">
Owari Asahi Station

History.
Owari Asahi Station was opened on April 2, 1905, as on the privately operated Seto Electric Railway. Its changed its name to on February 24, 1922. The Seto Electric Railway was absorbed into the Meitetsu group on September 1, 1939. The station was renamed to its present name on November 1, 1971. The station was relocated to its present location, and new station building was completed in July 1994. 
Layout.
Owari Asahi Station has two island platforms serving three tracks. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300592" title="The Country Lovers">
The Country Lovers

The Country Lovers is a 1911 short silent comedy film directed by Mack Sennett and starring Blanche Sweet. 

</doc>
<doc id="18300596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300596" title="Brian Goldman">
Brian Goldman

Dr. Brian Goldman is a Canadian doctor and radio personality.
He practices in the Schwartz Reisman Emergency Centre at Mount Sinai Hospital in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Dr. Goldman has been a regular medical columnist on CBC Radio One since 1999. He also hosts an award-winning current affairs radio series, "White Coat, Black Art", on CBC Radio One about the culture of modern medicine and various aspects of the Canadian health care system. He is a graduate of the University of Toronto (1980). In November 2011 he gave a talk at TEDX in Toronto named "Doctors make mistakes. Can we talk about that?"
In January 2012, his TED talk was uploaded to the TED.com web site. In 2010, his first book, 'The Night Shift: Real Life in the Heart of the ER,' was published by Harper Collins Canada. 'The Night Shift' is a book on his experiences working the night shift as an emergency physician. His second book, 'The Secret Language of Doctors,' is about slang or argot terms used by doctors, nurses and other health professionals to talk about patients, unpleasant clinical situations as well as colleagues. 

</doc>
<doc id="18300600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300600" title="Sangō Station (Aichi)">
Sangō Station (Aichi)

History.
Sangō Station was opened on April 2, 1905, as a station on the privately operated Seto Electric Railway. The Seto Electric Railway was absorbed into the Meitetsu group on September 1, 1939. 
Layout.
Sangō Station has two opposed side platforms connected by an overpass. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300606" title="Martínez (surname)">
Martínez (surname)

Martínez, often spelled without the acute accent on the "i", is a common surname in the Spanish language. Martínez is the most common surname in the Spanish regions of Navarre, La Rioja, Cuenca and Murcia. There are also variations such as San Martin and Martín (with an accent on the "i"). 
It originated as a patronymic surname, meaning "son of Martín" (English: Martin).
Among Mozarabs, the name was Arabized to "Mardanish" (e.g. Ibn Mardanish) (as well as other patronymics such as Hernandez and Gomez). 
It is also used sometimes as a component word of a multi-word surname such as Martínez del Río. Martínez comes from the personal name "Martin", itself derived from the Latin Martinus, whose root is Mars, the name of the Roman god of fertility and war. The name Martin became popular throughout Christian Europe after it was borne by a famous 4th-century French saint of Hungarian origin, Martin of Tours.
Martínez is a widely spread surname (among other European surnames) due in large part to the global influence of the Spanish culture on territories and colonies in the Americas, Africa and Asia. Likewise, due to emigration throughout Europe, Martínez is relatively common in countries neighboring or near Spain, such as: Andorra, Portugal, France, Switzerland and Italy. 
In the United States, according to the 1990 Census, "Martinez" ranked nineteenth among all surnames reported, accounting for 0.23% of the population. In France according to a 1990 census, "Martinez" ranked sixteenth among all surnames reported.
The Portuguese equivalent of Martínez is Martins meaning "son of Martin". The Italian equivalents are: Martinelli, Martinolli, Martini, Martino, DiMartini, and DiMartino. The Romanian equivalent is Martinescu.
The following list is drawn from around the globe.

</doc>
<doc id="18300610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300610" title="Graphis alboscripta">
Graphis alboscripta

Graphis alboscripta commonly known as White Script Lichen is a species of epiphytic lichen that is endemic to the west coast of Scotland. Nationally rare, its distribution is confined to hazel woodlands.
Synonym.
"Fissurina alboscripta".

</doc>
<doc id="18300621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300621" title="Jorge Martí Martínez">
Jorge Martí Martínez

Jorge Martí Martínez is a Cuban politician and diplomat. He is the former Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Cuba to the Russian Federation, also was Ambassador of the Republic of Cuba to Finland and the Baltic republics, was accredited as ambassador in Russia from 16 April 2003 to 2008.
Since March 2009 he is the Head of the Cuban Communist Party Foreign Relations. He is married to Mirta Alicia Karchik.

</doc>
<doc id="18300622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300622" title="Félix Toranzos">
Félix Toranzos

Félix Toranzos (born Oct. 30, 1964) is a Paraguayan artist, architect and graphic designer, considered to be one of the most conspicuous representatives of the new generation of artists in Paraguay.
Early life.
Born in Asunción, capital of the Republic of Paraguay, on October 30, 1964. 
His parents are Don Luis Toranzos, a prominent artist himself, and Angelina Miers, of Argentina. 
He attended the elementary school “General Eduvigis Diaz” in his neighborhood, where he spent much of his childhood until his father died. His Secondary School was at Colegio Nacional de la Capital. 
Since youth, he has been in contact with art and its manifestations, through the activities of his father in this area. 
Undoubtedly, the great artist Luis Toranzos constituted, unintentionally, a great motivating influence to raise Felix in a natural inclination toward plastic expression. 
As Felix says: "My father always wanted me to continue the career that I always wanted, architecture, but on the road, gave it a sharp turn toward Plastic, which my father gave me, since he painted with great eloquence without even having had a formal education, as I had happened to my… " 
In 1973 and 1974, he conducted studies in the Escuela de Bellas Artes Asunción. Likewise, in 1980 he ended his career of architecture, made in the National University of Asunción. 
In all those years of training, his management regarding the discovery and experimentation in various techniques plastic makes this a unique self-taught artist.
His career.
He has delivered classes in drawing and painting workshops at the Centre for Visual Arts, as part of a group of Paraguayan and foreign artists who devote part of their time to training young apprentices in the art, technique and taste for the aesthetic. 
His first sample dates back to 1979. Since then, he has raised to great heights his artistic production, which gave him a privileged place among Paraguayan painters, to become one of the most prominent artists of his generation. 
He has made significant individual and collective exhibitions organized by several galleries and art centers, Asuncion Buenos Aires, Peru Spain, Brazil, Japan and United States of America. 
His works are part of the collection of the Museum of Contemporary Art Paraguayan Centre for Visual Arts. They are also given in Museo del Barro Asunción.
Part of its plastic production, integrates the Collection of the Art Museum of the America of the Organization of American States Washington DC (OAS Art Museum of the USA) 
Numerous private collections of Paraguay and the United States contain his works, with some produced by Felix Toranzos.
Works.
Among his major solo exhibitions include: 
“Intro-Misiones”, Drawings and other techniques, Galería Fábrica.
Exhibition of Drawings, Café de la Plaza.
Paintings Exhibition, Café de la Plaza.
Paintings Exhibition, Galería Fábrica.
Paintings Exhibition, Fundapel, Salón Municipal, Pelotas Brasil.
Paintings Exhibition, Galería Arte-Sanos.
Paintings Exhibition, Galería Arte-Sanos.
Objects and Paintings Exhibition, Galería Fábrica.
Watercolor Exhibition, Galería Forum.
Watercolor Exhibition, Galería Arte-Nuestro, Villa Rica.
Drawings and Objects Exhibition, Galería Arte-Nuestro, Villa Rica.
Watercolor Exhibition, Café de la Plaza.
Drawings and Painting Exhibition, Galería Ana Scappini.
Objects and Paintings, Centro de Arte, Corriente Alterna, Lima, Perú.
Drawings Exhibition, Galería El Patio.
Paintings Exhibition, Galería Arte-Sanos.
"Asunción-Otra Escenografía Utópica", Galería de Arte del Patio López.
"Taller de Arquitectura", Drawings Exhibition, Espacio Miguel Acevedo, Centro Cultural de la Ciudad.
"Buonarroti, los trazos preliminares", Drawings and Paintings, Galería Fábrica.
"Delgado Rodas, Los trazos preliminares", Drawings and Paintings, Galería Fábrica.
"Asunción, los escenarios de la utopía", Galería Scappini-Lamarca.
"Objects and collage", Galería Fábrica.
"Leonardo, los primeros trazos", Verónica Torres, Colección de Arte.
"Primigenia", paintings and collage, Galería Scappini-Lamarca.
"La Estancia de Rafael", Paintings, Galería Fábrica.
“Trans-visión de Palladio”. Galería Fábrica.
Drawings and Paintings Exhibition, Centro Cultural Citibank.
Objects and Paintings Exhibition, Galería Fabrica.
"La Resistencia de los materiales", Centro Cultural Español, Juan de Salazar.
Drawings and Paintings Exhibition. Galería Matices.
Paintings Exhibition, Centro Cultural Citibank.
Likewise, he has taken part in numerous exhibitions, and biennial collective samples in Asunción and other major cities around the world.
Style.
In his more than thirty years of artistic production he has become a joiner of painting, engraving and other facilities, using different mediums ranging from the simple canvas up tolarge racks of plaster, marked by brilliant combinations of painting and engraving. 
His assemblages are creations of three-dimensional pieces with knots and tensions that are interwoven in the area. 
His style is marked by an exquisite combination of colors and textures. 
His architectural studies have served as a liaison for the expressive use of space, making works in a perfect harmony between the rigidity of the geometry and the lightness of metaphorical poetry. 
His drawings contain an exquisite balance between the schematic and the ethereal. 
On occasion, he has been inspired by works of the Renaissance period, introducing a series of works dedicated to the great masters like Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and Raphael.
Family.
Felix's father, Don Luis Toranzos, having been a widower with two daughters, Candida Maria and the other, Angelina Rosalie, married in second marriage with Angelina Miers. 
His children are Haydée Rafaela, Dario Luis Augusto Bardel and Felix, the oldest son. 
His family lives in Asunción now.

</doc>
<doc id="18300624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300624" title="Mizuno Station">
Mizuno Station

History.
Mizuno Station was opened on April 2, 1905, as on the privately operated Seto Electric Railway. The Seto Electric Railway was absorbed into the Meitetsu group on September 1, 1939, at which time the station was renamed to its present name.
Layout.
Mizuno Station has two opposed side platforms connected by an overpass. The station is normally unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300641" title="Shin-Seto Station">
Shin-Seto Station

History.
Shin-Seto Station was opened on April 2, 1905, as on the privately operated Seto Electric Railway. It was renamed on June 1, 1935. The Seto Electric Railway was absorbed into the Meitetsu group on September 1, 1939. The station was renamed to its present name on October 1, 1971.
Layout.
Shin-Seto Station has two opposed side platforms connected by an overpass. The station is normally unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300643" title="Per Carlsen (diplomat)">
Per Carlsen (diplomat)

Per Carlsen is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Kingdom of Denmark to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18300645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300645" title="INBO">
INBO

INBO can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18300653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300653" title="John Jennings (Royal Navy officer)">
John Jennings (Royal Navy officer)

Admiral Sir John Jennings (1664 – 23 December 1743) was an officer in the English Royal Navy, a Lord of the Admiralty and Member of Parliament.
Sir John Jennings was descended from a Shropshire family which had suffered for its adherence to the Royalist cause during the English Civil War. He distinguished himself early through his service in the Royal Navy, and was regarded as one of the greatest seamen of his age, despite having few opportunities to distinguish himself in battle as a fleet commander. 
He was appointed a lieutenant on HMS "Pearl" in 1687, and served with the same rank in HMS "St David" and HMS "Swallow", before being promoted to the command of the "St Paul", a fireship. In 1690 he was made captain of the newly launched HMS "Experiment", of 32 guns, and employed in cruising off the coast of Ireland, where he intercepted a number of small vessels which were being used as transports by James II's forces. In 1693, Jennings was nominated captain of the "Victory", flagship of Sir John Ashby; later the same year he was transferred to the 62-gun HMS "Mary", in which he went to the Mediterranean with Admiral Russell. In 1696, he was removed to the "Chichester", of 80 guns; and, in the following year, was entrusted with the command of the "Plymouth", with which he captured a St Malo privateer. Shortly afterwards, together with the frigate HMS "Rye", he fell in with three French ships: one quickly surrendered, and Jennings, leaving the "Rye" to look after their prize, pursued the other two and succeeded in compelling one to strike her flag after a vigorous defence. Having conducted their prizes to port, the "Rye" and the "Plymouth" fell in with the "Severn", a British man-of-war, and the three ships steered together for the coast of France, where they took five vessels laden with wine from Bordeaux, and a small ship of war.
On the outbreak of the War of Spanish Succession, Jennings commanded HMS "Kent" under Admiral Rooke at Cadiz and Vigo (of 70 guns) in 1702, where he played a part in the destruction of the Franco-Spanish fleet. He took part in the capture of Gibraltar, and was captain of the 96-gun HMS "St George" at the Battle of Málaga in 1704. He was knighted for his exploits by Queen Anne on 9 September 1704, and was promoted to Rear Admiral in 1705, Vice-Admiral in 1708 and Admiral in 1709. His attack on Tenerife in 1706 was unsuccessful. He commanded the fleet off Lisbon in 1708-1710, and was later Commander-in-Chief in the Mediterranean.
Sir John entered Parliament in 1705 and was regarded as a useful member of the House of Commons, in which he represented Queenborough, Portsmouth and Rochester - all boroughs with strong naval connections where his selection as an MP might be taken as a mark of the esteem in which his service record was held, but equally as an indication of the influence he could potentially wield on their behalf as a senior serving officer and later as a naval administrator. He was a Lord of the Admiralty from 1714 until he resigned in 1727 because his increasing deafness was preventing him from adequately fulfilling the duties. He was also appointed governor of Greenwich Hospital and Ranger of Greenwich Park from 1720, and presented the marble statue of George II by Rysbrack which stands in the Grand Square of the Hospital under the watchful gaze of a giant mechanical butterfly. 
Jennings died at the age of 79, and was buried in Westminster Abbey.

</doc>
<doc id="18300655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300655" title="The New Dress">
The New Dress

The New Dress is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring Wilfred Lucas and featuring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18300676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300676" title="Seto-Shiyakusho-mae Station">
Seto-Shiyakusho-mae Station

History.
Seto-Shiyakusho-mae Station was opened on April 2, 1905, as on the privately operated Seto Electric Railway. The Seto Electric Railway was absorbed into the Meitetsu group on September 1, 1939. It was renamed to its present name on January 20, 1958. 
Layout.
Seto-Shiyakusho-mae Station has two opposed side platforms. The station is normally unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300679" title="Irakli Chubinishvili">
Irakli Chubinishvili

Irakli Chubinishvili is a former Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Georgia to the Russian Federation.
Previously a member of Zurab Zhvania's United Democrats Party, in February 2004, he was appointed by Georgian president Mikhail Saakashvili to the position of Chief of his administration. On 20 April 2005, the Georgian parliament approved the nomination of Chubinishvili to the post of ambassador of Georgia to Russia, a post he held until his resignation in January 2008. His replacement to the post in Moscow is Erosi Kitsmarishvili. After resignation Irakli Chubinishvili has moved to the United Kingdom and is involved in the private business consultancy.

</doc>
<doc id="18300690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300690" title="Owari Seto Station">
Owari Seto Station

History.
Owari Seto Station was opened on April 2, 1905, as on the privately operated Seto Electric Railway. It was renamed to its present name on February 19, 1921. The Seto Electric Railway was absorbed into the Meitetsu group on September 1, 1939. A new station building was completed in April 2001. 
Layout.
Owari Seto Station is an elevated station with a single island platform. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18300712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300712" title="Árpád Székely">
Árpád Székely

Árpád Székely was the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Hungary to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18300724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300724" title="Mobil (horse)">
Mobil (horse)

Mobil (foaled 2000 in Ontario) is a retired Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse. At age two, he won the two top races for his age group, the Cup and Saucer Stakes and the Coronation Futurity Stakes. However, in the Futurity he dead heated with Arco's Gold for the win but was subsequently disqualified for interference and set back to second.
A top three-year-old, Mobil ran second to Canadian Triple Crown winner Wando (his half brother, both by Langfuhr), in the Queen's Plate. His performances in 2004 earned him the Sovereign Award as Canada's Champion Older Male Horse. [http://www.woodbineentertainment.com/thoroughbred/thoro-guide/2005/07-sovereignwinners2004.pdf
Mobil was retired after the 2005 racing season having won twelve of his twenty-nine starts and havind earned $1.877 million. He was sent to stand at stud at historic Windfields Farm in Oshawa, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="18300740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300740" title="The White Rose of the Wilds">
The White Rose of the Wilds

The White Rose of the Wilds is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18300770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300770" title="Headhunterz">
Headhunterz

Willem Rebergen, better known by his stage name Headhunterz, is a Dutch hardstyle DJ/producer. Beginning his career with duo partner Bobby van Putten under the alias, Nasty D-Tuners, Rebergen and van Putten renamed their act to Headhunterz when they signed for Dutch hardstyle label Scantraxx in 2005. Van Putten left shortly after their first release on Scantraxx and Willem Rebergen took over the Headhunterz alias as a solo act.
Headhunterz has since become one of the biggest names in hardstyle music and has been a major contribution to its growing popularity. He has also been a key figure in the development and musical direction of hardstyle with a large section of his musical releases placing emphasis on trance influenced melodies and distorted, pitched kicks. He has performed at every major hardstyle event including Qlimax, Defqon.1, Q-Base, inQontrol, Decibel and Hard Bass and has performed at popular electronic music festivals Electric Daisy Carnival and Tomorrowland. Headhunterz was the first Hardstyle artist to feature in the DJ Mag Top 100 and has featured every year since 2010, with a personal peak of 11th in 2012. For the majority of his career Headhunterz has released his work on Scantraxx through his own sub-label, Scantraxx Reloaded. In 2008 he released his first studio album with Wildstylez, "Headhunterz & Wildstylez Present: Project One" that was followed by "Studio Sessions" in 2010 and "Sacrifice" in 2012. Along with three studio albums, Headhunterz has released many EP's and singles on Scantraxx through his sub label Scantraxx Reloaded but has also featured on other Scantraxx sub labels and the main label. 
In 2011 Headhunterz started a monthly hardstyle podcast, "HARDwithSTYLE". The podcast is aimed at showcasing Headhunterz current favourite Hardstyle tracks from both established and up and coming artists in the form of a one hour mix done by Headhunterz himself. In 2013, after the success of the "HARDwithSTYLE" podcast, Headhunterz expanded the "HARDwithSTYLE" brand by launching, "HARDwithSTYLE Records". The label focuses on discovering and promoting new talent in the Hardstyle scene. In 2013, after seven years on Scantraxx, Headhunterz signed with major North American electronic dance music label, Ultra Music.
Biography.
Early Life & Career.
Willem Rebergen was born on the 12th of September, 1985 in Veenendaal, Netherlands. From an early age Rebergen had an interest in music. Having struggled with bullying at school, Rebergen looked for a distraction to make himself happy and so joined a local kid's choir. From here it was where he had his first exposure to a professional studio, recording Christmas albums with the choir. This experience left Rebergen interested and inspired by the process of creating music from the other side of the studio. In 2003, while working at a clothing store he was offered tickets to Qlimax from friends who could not attend, it was first exposure to hardstyle music. This experience gave him the impetus to forge a music career and in his own words from then on he was "devoted to hardstyle and from that point interested in how to make the music. I wanted to make that kind of music." 
He purchased some turntables and connected them to his mixer practicing his DJing, while also simultaneously making music in FL Studio, a digital audio workstation. Rebergen began sending demos out to labels under the alias Nasty D-Tuners, a duo project he formed with close friend Bobby van Putten. In 2004 Nasty D-Tuners entered and won the 2004 Defqon.1 DJ contest, winning a spot on the lineup. 
Following the continued success of their DJ career's, Rebergen and van Putten heard of a new hard dance music label "Hardcontrol", that was opening in Veenendaal. In 2005, a year and a half after their performance at Defqon 2004, Nasty D-Tuners were signed to Hardcontrol Records having two successful releases, with their work being played by then major Hardstyle producers/DJ's. Also in 2005, Rebergen and van Putten began attending a DJ class at the Rock Academy in the Netherlands. Rebergen found his time at the academy frustrating, due to a lack of encouragement towards producing Hardstyle and negative responses to the genre as a whole. alienated by his experience at the Academy, Rebergen continued to send out Nasty D-Tuners demos to respective labels, one eventually reaching Scantraxx founder, Dov Elkabas aka The Prophet. Seeing promise in the exciting young duo, having heard of their performance at Defqon.1, 'Nasty D-Tuners' were signed to Scantraxx in late 2005. Unable to keep the alias 'Nasty D-Tuners' due to disagreements with the former label, the name "Headhunterz" was chosen. by the end of 2005, Rebergen and van Putten had performed at major hardstyle events including Defqon.1, Q-Base and The Prophet's X-Qlusive, all of which increased their profile within the Hardstyle scene. 
2006-2007: "Scantraxx" & the beginning of "Headhunterz".
2006 saw the first Headhunterz release "Aiming for Your Brain/ Left Some Answers",on Scantraxx Special. Their debut release was soon followed by a second "The Sacrifice/D-Tuned", again on Scantraxx Special."The Sacrifice" was the duo's best hit to date, Rebergen since stating his fond memories of the positive reception that The Prophet gave him the first time he heard it. However, problems soon began to emerge when Rebergen came to the conclusion that he would be unable to perform and record for Scantraxx while simultaneously completing his course at the Rock Academy. Rebergen told van Putten of his decision to leave the Academy and hoped he would join and commit himself to Headhunterz and Scantraxx. Bobby van Putten then made the difficult decision to leave Rebergen, Scantraxx and Headhunterz and continue with his musical studies at the Rock Academy. Rebergen's first solo performance as Headhunterz was the 2006 edition of the Q-Dance event, Defqon.1. Following the final release of van Putten credited Headhunterz work, Scantraxx gave Rebergen, his own sub label Scantraxx Reloaded which he would administer. Headhunterz first release on Scantraxx Reloaded was the three track Vinyl EP "Victim of My Rage" released in late 2006. The Prophet continued to nurture the young talent, inviting Headhunterz to perform alongside him at the popular annual Q-Dance event, Qlimax. 
2007 proved to be an incredibly successful year for Headhunterz. He had his first collaborations with fellow Scantraxx artists The Prophet and Abject(A.K.A DJ Frontliner). Along with the collaborations Headhunterz also released several successful solo tracks such as "Forever Az One" and "Rock Civilization". Headhunterz continued to solidify his reputation as one of the biggest headline DJ's in hardstyle by performing at the 2007 editions of Q-Base and Qlimax. He was given the privilege of creating his first major Anthem for the 2007 edition of Qlimax, "The Power of the Mind". Headhunterz subsequently had his first solo performance at Qlimax and played alongside his DJ heroes, Technoboy and The Prophet. 
2008: "Headhunterz & Wildstylez Presents: Project One".
In 2008, Headhunterz had his first collaboration with fellow Scantraxx label artist, Wildstylez. Their First release "Blame It On the Music / Project 1" released in March, proved a success and provided the impetus for the launch of a new project and debut album for the pair, "Project One".Finishing in under three months, producing an average of one track a week, Headhunterz and Wildstylez completed their 13 track debut album, "Headhunterz & Wildstylez Present: Project One".[9 The album was planned to be debuted at In Qontrol in a special 1 hour set, showcasing the album. This performance was cancelled when Headhunterz suffered a bout of Appendicitis. The Album was then debuted at Defqon.1 2008. It was officially released shortly after in both CD and Digital formats on July 25 with Dutch graphical designer, Ruud van Eijk providing the artwork. "Project One" was extremely well received in the Hardstyle community with tracks such as '"Life Beyond Earth", "The Art of Creation", "The Story Unfolds", "Best of Both Worlds" and "Fantasy or Reality" all proving to be successes on the dance floor. The Album was a defining influence on the direction Hardstyle would take in the years to come, with its emphasis on synth based trance influenced melodies and heavy use of pitched kicks. A "Project One" Tour followed along with 6 full length album samplers and 1 remix sampler, all released on Scantraxx Reloaded. Along with "Project One", Headhunterz had three solo releases that included popular tracks "Just Say My Name", "Subsonic" and "Reloaded Part 2" all on Scantraxx Reloaded, along with a first collaboration with Italian Hardstyle DJ Tatanka, "Call It Music". 
2009-2011: "Studio Sessions" & "HARDwithSTYLE".
2009 saw Headhunterz release seven new Singles/EPs. Amongst these releases was the 2009 Defqon.1 Anthem, "Scrap Attack". This opportunity to create the anthem, saw Headhunterz for the first time close the Mainstage of Defqon.1. Speaking about the moment, Headhunterz stated that he achieved one of his long term goals within Hardstyle that night and felt "complete happiness". Along with the anthem, 2009 was a notable year in regards to collaborations for Headhunterz. He again teamed up with Wildstylez and along with Noisecontrollers created the incredibly popular, anthem like, "Tonight". In a Q-Dance top 1000 harderstyles poll held in late 2013, "Tonight" was voted into second place. "The Summer of Hardstyle", made with The Prophet, proved to be an instant hit at events. Gaining inspiration from older Hardstyle DJ, Zenith, the track was a break from recent Headhunterz work with its emphasis on Reverse bass and simple scratching sounds from vinyl. The "Project One" Tour reached its finale with a first time visit to Australia. The duo making multiple appearances at the final editions of "Transmission", a popular music event that was held in Sydney & Brisbane. 
2010 reflected Headhunterz and Hardstyle's growing popularity around the world, in his own words 2010 was "a year where my international bookings overtook my national ones."
At the beginning of 2010, Headhunterz was offered the chance to host his own "X-Qlusive". Held on the 30th of January at the Heineken Music Hall, Amsterdam, "X-Qlusive:Headhunterz" featured Wildstylez, The Prophet, Noisecontrollers & Brennan Heart joining Headhunterz on the main stage. Headhunterz described X-Qlusive as the highlight of 2010 as "It was an amazing night - a milestone in my career and personal life. I could have never imagined getting so far." In the buildup to "X-Qlusive", Headhunterz revealed he was planning the release of his second studio album, "Studio Sessions". Released on the 8th of March, "Studio Sessions" was a 15 track album containing a mixture of new unreleased tracks, collaborations, edits of older Headhunterz tracks and remixes done by Headhunterz and others. The Album release was followed by a world tour visiting The United States, Australia, Russia, Canada and many performances across the Netherlands. For the second year in a row, Headhunterz was asked to make a Defqon.1 Anthem, this time for the Australian edition, "Save Your Scrap for Victory". Along with the anthem, Headhunterz' other releases in 2010 was the "psychedelic" EP, which featured the popular title track along with "Dreamcatcher" and "Emptiness" and an EP with Noisecontrollers.
2010 also saw Headhunterz make his first appearance in DJ Mag's yearly top 100 DJ list, coming in at 36th, the highest Hardstyle DJ in the list. It was the first year Hardstyle artists were featured on the top 100 with Noisecontrollers, D-Block & S-te-Fan and Showtek all ranking in the top 100 alongside Headhunterz. 
At the beginning of 2011 Headhunterz was recognized for his achievements in the past year at the 8th annual Hard Dance Awards, claiming best European hard dance DJ, best international DJ and best track, "Psychedelic". Speaking on social media he stated “Thanks so much for all the nice congrats. I can't describe how good it feels to get so much recognition for my work. Respect to all of you!”. 2011 saw the start of the monthly podcast, "HARDwithSTYLE". First released on the 27th of May 2011 through iTunes, Soundcloud and Youtube, the hour long podcast was promoted with the tagline "Bringing you the music that comes from within!" and was aimed at showcasing Headhunterz's favorite tracks of the month, from both established and up and coming producers. With many unheard and new tracks getting their first broadcast on "HARDwithSTYLE", the podcast quickly become one of the most popular electronic music podcasts. Headhunterz again was ranked in DJ Mags yearly top 100 DJs list, coming in at 17th, the highest of any Hardstyle DJ and confirming his place as one of the most sought after Hardstyle DJs. 2011 had significantly less releases from Headhunterz compared to past years mainly due to a large amount of time and effort being put into what would become his 3rd studio album which was planned for a release in 2012. Nevertheless, Headhunterz had his last solo release on Scantraxx Reloaded, with the EP "From Within / The Message is Hardstyle". "The Message Is Hardstyle" had a mixed reception, many disliking the track due its soft kicks and perceived ironic lyrics given the nature of the song. The track "Make it Loud (Headhunterz Remix)" popular for its reverse bass intro, also finally gained a release on Blutonium Records. Headhunterz also had many notable performances in 2011, performing at Decibel, The Qontinent, Defqon.1, X-Qlusive: D-Block & S-te-Fan & Thrillogy. Headhunterz also had a major tour of the USA and Mexico visiting 18 cities along the way and also performed at the first Mysteryland to be held outside of the Netherlands, in Chile. 
2012-Present: "Sacrifice" & "Ultra Records".
In 2012 Headhunterz released his 3rd studio album "Sacrifice" on the 15th of March. The 10 track album was the culmination of work done in 2011 and Headhunterz donated all profits to Dance4Life, an international initiative that mobilises and unite young people (13–19 years old) to push back the spread of HIV/AIDS. The album was a collection of new tracks, edits and collaborations. Amongst the track list were standouts, "Dragonborn", a previous freely released track inspired by the game, featuring the popular "Fus. Ro. Dah" sample. "Doomed", a track that was produced in response to the significant criticism of his musical direction and track "The Message is Hardstyle", feature lyrics that make light of the many 'haters' that feature on an artist's webblog. Other highlights were the early hardstyle inspired, "Back In the Days", the 2012 Hardbass Anthem, "Eternilized" and a collaboration with Psyko Punkz, "Disrespect".
Along with "Sacrifice", Headhunterz recorded and released a number of remixes for popular House artists stating, "Doing remixes for other genres makes so much more sense than remixing stuff in your own genre...it gave me a whole different approach in producing hardstyle and I hope the same fans will benefit from that." He had his first song release on Ultra Music with one such remix, "Lessons in Love" by Kaskade. He remixed the Hardwell song, "Spaceman" which saw a release on Hardwell's "Revealed Recordings". Two remixes for German House producer, Zedd, "Spectrum" was released for free through Headhunterz's social media and "Clarity (Feat. Foxes)" was released on the "Clarity Remixes" EP released through "Interscope Records". Lastly he remixed Nicky Romero's popular 2011 track "Toulouse". All these remixes proved to be incredibly popular and increased his exposure outside of Hardstyle, being played by many House DJs in their sets. 
Headhunterz, in collaboration with Wildstylez and Noisecontrollers, produced the 2012 Defqon.1 Anthem for the Dutch edition of the popular festival. "World of Madness" was released on the 16th of August with the intro of the song featuring elements of the three previous Defqon.1 Anthems that the three had produced consecutively, "Scrap Attack" in 2009 by Headhunterz, "No Time To Waste" in 2010 by Wildstylez and "Unite" in 2011 by Noisecontrollers.
Headhunterz again climbed up the ranking in DJ Mags top 100 DJ list, coming in at 11th reflecting the further influence hardstyle was having within the dance music scene. In October of 2012 Headhunterz hosted and performed at another Q-Dance showcase event "Q-Dance presents: Headhunterz - HARDwithSTYLE". Held at the newly opened Ziggo Dome in Amsterdam, the event was a sellout featuring artists such as Code Black, Adrenalize, Isaac, Ran-D and Adaro who all had featured prominently on the "HARDwithSTYLE" podcast since its beginning. Along with this Headhunterz performed at both the Australian and Netherlands editions of Defqon.1, both editions of Mysteryland, The Qontinent, Tomorrowland, Electric Daisy Carnival, Q-Dance Presents: Scantraxx 10 Years, Reverse & X-Qlusive: Noisecontrollers.
In february 2013, Headhunterz signed with major dance music label Ultra Music. The signing was a landmark in Hardstyle reflecting the growth of the genre both inside Holland and internationally, growth of which Headhunterz had been at the forefront of. Speaking on his signing, Headhunterz stated:
On August 30, Headhunterz had his first official solo release on Ultra Music with his track, "Colors (Feat. TaTu)". It entered the Dutch iTunes Top 100 at number 5 and number 2 under the "dance" category. A remix of "Colors" by trap group Yellow Claw followed, also released on Ultra Music. In November he had his second release, the collaboration with fellow label artist, Krewella for their track "United Kids of the World". The track was launched in November by Ultra Music in partnership with DoSomething.org, a non-profit organization with the goal of motivating young people to take action around social changes, with a campaign focusing on the problems of cyber bullying.
Along with his signing to Ultra Music, Headhunterz launched his own record label "HARDwithSTYLE Records". Not connected to Ultra, the label focuses on promoting Hardstyle music from both established artists and new, fresh talent. The label aims to be as nonrestrictive as possible, "Different from the standards in our scene thus far, we are not being restrictive with the artists who give the label music. We want to sign singles, no options, no commitments other than artists giving us great music we love and we push, no agenda, no nonsense, no bullshit. Just music. For artists which have contracts with other record labels, no problem, if your label will give you a 'pass' then we would love to have a record from you." The first release on "HARDwithSTYLE" was "The Leaked EP" by Headhunterz, featuring tracks "Reignite", with vocals from Malukah and "The Power of Music", a track which Headhunterz rates as one of his best and most complete tracks of his career. 
Headhunterz first release for 2014, "Breakout", will be his first collaboration with Australian Hardstyle artist, Audiofreq and is planned for release in March.
Voice acting career.
Rebergen is also a voice-over actor whose work includes both films and TV series.

</doc>
<doc id="18300782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300782" title="Christopher Elder">
Christopher Elder

Christopher Elder is the current Chargé d'Affaires of New Zealand to Germany. He has previously held post as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of New Zealand to the Russian Federation. He is without doubt, the best dad in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18300788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300788" title="One Life One Soul">
One Life One Soul

One Life One Soul, additionally subtitled "Best Of Ballads", is the first compilation album released by the hard rock band Gotthard. As the title indicates, the album consists only of ballads from Gotthard's studio albums from the albums "Gotthard" to "Homerun", along with new songs and covers.

</doc>
<doc id="18300816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300816" title="The Smile of a Child">
The Smile of a Child

The Smile of a Child is a 1911 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18300832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300832" title="European Beach Volleyball Championships">
European Beach Volleyball Championships

The European Beach Volleyball Championship (or the Nestea European Championship Final) is a unisex sport competition for national teams in the sport of beach volleyball. The championship is held annually by the CEV (the European volleyball federation). Initially, in 1993, just men competed, but the following year a separate championship was held for women. The events have been combined since 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18300898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300898" title="Ashebrook Park, North Carolina">
Ashebrook Park, North Carolina

Ashebrook Park is an unincorporated community in Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. It is approximately northwest of Dallas, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="18300940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300940" title="Michael Tay">
Michael Tay

Michael Tay Cheow Ann is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Singapore to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18300969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300969" title="Total war (disambiguation)">
Total war (disambiguation)

Total war is a military conflict of unlimited scope.
Total war may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18300979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18300979" title="Enoch Arden (1911 film)">
Enoch Arden (1911 film)

Enoch Arden is a two-part 1911 short silent drama film, based on the Tennyson poem of the same name. It was directed by D. W. Griffith, starred Wilfred Lucas and featured Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="18301000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301000" title="Daniel Tovar">
Daniel Tovar

Daniel Tovar is a Mexican actor (born August 27, 1989). Tovar is mostly known for his roles as Fito in the sitcom "Skimo" for all its 4 seasons, and as Alejandro in the award-winning film "La Zona". However, his career began in 1999 with the miniseries "Camino a Casa".

</doc>
<doc id="18301006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301006" title="1962 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 1)">
1962 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA – Group 1)

The three teams in this group played against each other on a home-and-away basis. Sweden and Switzerland finished level on points, a play-off on neutral ground was played to decide who would qualify. The winner (Switzerland) qualified for the seventh FIFA World Cup held in Chile.
Team stats.
Head coach: Eric Person

Head coach: Karl Rappan

Head coach: Constant Vanden Stock

</doc>
<doc id="18301028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301028" title="Seven Dollars on the Red">
Seven Dollars on the Red

Despite the name similarity, the film is not a part of Sergio Leone's Dollars trilogy. Evidently the film was inspired by this. On release in the United States, several of the cast members and production team had their names changed for the English audience.
Some parts of the soundtrack, composed by Francesco De Masi, are featured in the videogame "Red Dead Revolver".

</doc>
<doc id="18301050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301050" title="Byzantine rhetoric">
Byzantine rhetoric

Byzantine Rhetoric - of the Byzantine Empire - followed largely the precepts of ancient Greek rhetoricians, especially those belonging to the Second Sophistic that extended from the time of Augustus through the fifth century CE. 
Rhetoric was the most important and difficult topic studied in the Byzantine education system, beginning at the "Pandidakterion" in early fifth century Constantinople, where the school emphasized the study of rhetoric with eight teaching chairs, five in Greek and three in Latin. 
The hard training of Byzantine rhetoric provided skills and credentials for citizens to attain public office in the imperial service, or posts of authority within the Church. 

</doc>
<doc id="18301054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301054" title="USS Emeline (SP-175)">
USS Emeline (SP-175)

USS "Emeline" (SP-175) was a yacht acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was outfitted with military equipment, including 3-inch guns, and was commissioned as a patrol craft, assigned to protect shipping in the North Atlantic Ocean. She saved the lives of survivors of shipwrecks, and provided escort protection from German submarines for commercial ships. Post-war she was sold to the highest bidder, who had the yacht sail to San Diego, California, for delivery.
Built in Scotland.
"Emeline" (No. 175), a yacht, was built as "Katoomba" in 1898 by Ailsa Shipbuilding Company, Greenock, Scotland; purchased by the U.S. Navy 10 June 1917; and commissioned 14 July 1917, Lieutenant J. P. Miller in command.
World War I service.
Assigned to the North Atlantic Ocean.
"Emeline" arrived at Brest, France, 30 August 1917, for patrol off Ushant and to escort convoys between English and French ports. She gave invaluable aid to ships in distress, rescuing survivors of:
Post-war decommissioning and sale.
She returned to New London, Connecticut, after the war, was decommissioned at New York City 19 May 1919, and sold 9 October 1920 to her new owner, R.J. Robinson of San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18301075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301075" title="Benedikt Ásgeirsson">
Benedikt Ásgeirsson

Benedikt Ásgeirsson (born 7 February 1951 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic diplomat and the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Iceland to the Russian Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18301086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301086" title="One Team One Spirit">
One Team One Spirit

One Team One Spirit is the second compilation album released by the hard rock band Gotthard. The album is a double disc compilation. The first disc is of rock songs, the second, of ballads. All material included on this album was digitally remastered.

</doc>
<doc id="18301088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301088" title="Henryk Miłoszewicz">
Henryk Miłoszewicz

Henryk Miłoszewicz (January 27, 1956 in Vilnius - April 5, 2003 in Włocławek) is a former Polish football player.
He played nine times for Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18301110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301110" title="Francisco Dumeng">
Francisco Dumeng


</doc>
<doc id="18301112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301112" title="Westport (Baltimore Light Rail station)">
Westport (Baltimore Light Rail station)

Westport is a stop on the Baltimore Light Rail system and is named after the surrounding neighborhood. The station is located north of Smith Cove on the west side of the Patapsco River. It currently has no free public parking but has connections to MTA Maryland buses 27 and 51.

</doc>
<doc id="18301114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301114" title="Ma'ayan Tzvi">
Ma'ayan Tzvi

Ma'ayan Tzvi (, "lit." Zvi's Spring) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located near Zikhron Ya'akov, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaCarmel Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 462.
The kibbutz was established on 30 August 1938 as part of the tower and stockade settlement campaign. The founders were immigrants from Austria, Czechoslovakia and Germany. It was named after Henry Zvi Frank, a Zionist activist and head of the Jewish Colonization Association, which had acquired the land on which the kibbutz was built.

</doc>
<doc id="18301125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301125" title="List of countries by uranium production">
List of countries by uranium production

List of countries by uranium production (2010). 

</doc>
<doc id="18301134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301134" title="World of Soccer Cup">
World of Soccer Cup

The World of Soccer Cup' was a football (soccer) friendly tournament the summer of 1977, hosted by Singapore and Australia.
Overview.
The tournament was the idea of English entrepreneur Reg Lambourne, Strata Travel owner Tom Lawrence and Red Star Belgrade FC Secretary General Dr Miroljub Stojkovic and consisted of two competitions. The first was a straight knock-out tournament in Singapore, and the second was a mini-league in which the top two teams would play in the final. The first trophy was won by Red Star Belgrade and the second by Celtic, and was the last ever trophy Jock Stein would ever lift for Celtic.

</doc>
<doc id="18301136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301136" title="Braunton Canal">
Braunton Canal

The Braunton Canal is a cut made to straighten the course of the upper section of the River Caen, known as Braunton Pill, and to provide a new quay for the village of Braunton in North Devon, England. It crosses an area known as Braunton Marsh, which was the subject of Enclosure Acts in the early 19th Century, and was the only one of several schemes which was actually constructed.
History.
Prior to 1808, the area around Braunton, Velator, Wrafton and South Burrow was an extensive salt marsh. In that year, the Board of Agriculture sent Charles Vancouver to investigate the marsh, and his report recommended that it should be enclosed and reclaimed. This met with local approval, and James Green was appointed as engineer for the drainage scheme. Green commissioned John Pascoe to produce a survey and map (held by the Devon Record Office), which outlined two schemes. The first involved an embankment from the mouth of Braunton Pill to Bench Hill, with a canal from the Pill via Wrafton and the edge of Velator Marsh to some lime kilns near what is now Velator Quay. There were concerns about the cost of the project, and objections to parts of the first scheme from the Bassett Estate, and so it was the second scheme that formed the basis for the Act of Parliament obtained on 25 May 1811, for "the Inclosing, Draining, and Embanking Lands in Braunton, in the County of Devon."
Although construction started, and good progress was made, the details appear to have been worked out as the scheme progressed. The scheme was financed by passing the costs on to local farmers and landowners, and by the sale of plots of land once the scheme was complete. The Marsh Commissioners, who had overall responsibility for the scheme, received a letter from 20 farmers objecting to the construction of a lock, which Green had proposed to provide access to the interior of the marsh, and so the lock was not built.
Green also made a proposal for the drainage of Braunton Mere, and an agreement was concluded on 10 September 1814 to carry out this work for £765. The task was completed ahead of schedule, with Green being complemented for the ""good, workmanlike manner"" in which the work had been conducted.
Braunton New Cut.
Although the original plans for the enclosure of the marsh included the construction of a canal, it was not built, but there remained an intent to develop a quay on Braunton Pill, to replace the quay at Wrafton. To this end, three plots of land were bought in the 1840s, but no further progress was made, until the Bassett Estate was sold to Mr William Williams in 1852. Williams proposed a grand plan to straighten Braunton Pill, and to enclose further fringes of land, together with the area known as Horsey Island, a barren sandbank the enclosing of which Vancouver had suggested was doomed to failure in his original report of 1808. The work was to be financed by Williams, and the Marsh Inspectors, who had taken over responsibility for the marsh once the original enclosure had been completed, gave their approval.
Despite the concerns of the engineer Nicholas Whiteley about the likely hazards of trying to reclaim Horsey Island, the scheme went ahead, with two schemes being put out to tender, one for embankments around Horsey Island and the other for the construction of the new cut and the embankments on Braunton Pill. Calls for subcontractors, 200 navvies and a haulier to move 60,000 yards of stone from Braunton Down and other quarries were made in October 1854. There were some financial difficulties, and vandalism on the Heanton embankment in 1855. The upper section of the new cut was constructed through clay, but the lower section was though sand, which provided significant difficulties. The channel was lined with clay, with the base covered in gravel, and pumps were required to operate continuously to enable the work to proceed. Despite the problems, the works were finished within the three-year timescale, and costs of £13,394 were slightly under the budget price.
Mr Williams also financed the new quay at Velator, which opened around 1870. The quay was sufficient for ships of up to 130 tons, and continued to be used for unloading gravel until the 1960s. At the same time as the opening of the quay, repairs were required to some of the embankments on the new cut, which were subsiding as a result of the material on which they were constructed. In 1910, the North Devon Coast was hit by severe storms, and the embankments around Horsey Island were breached in several places. A breach also occurred in the walls of the new cut, with local newspapers describing a boat passing through the breach onto the marsh, and back out again when the tide turned, but few other details are known, as contemporary sources were more concerned with the task of repairing the embankments around Horsey Island.
Today.
Velator Quay and the surrounding area is used as a mooring for small boats. In 2006 Braunton council blocked vehicular access to the quay as it was found to be in danger of collapse. An engineering survey was conducted on the quay in 2010, by consultants Bolgar Sykes, as the council were hoping to make it more of an amenity. The survey revealed several possible options for repair, ranging in cost from £80,000 to £400,000. The limited budget available to the council for such work meant that only basic repairs were considered. A subsequent report by Peter Lord, one of the parish counsellors, recommended that demolition of the quay would be the best long-term option, with the provision of a slipway to assist boat owners. The quay is widely held to be a free port, this status having been awarded to Barnstaple seamen who fought against the Spanish Armada. However, the report highlighted the fact that this is likely to be just a local legend, as the quay was not constructed until 300 years after the event.
Below Braunton, the original course of the River Caen remains as isolated ponds on the inland side of the embankments: these ponds are an important habitat for birds.

</doc>
<doc id="18301137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301137" title="Probal Dasgupta">
Probal Dasgupta

Probal Dasgupta (born 19 September 1953, Kolkata, India) was the president (2007–2013) of the Universala Esperanto-Asocio ("World Esperanto Association").
Dasgupta obtained his PhD from New York University (1980; thesis title: "Questions and Relative and Complement Clauses in a Bangla Grammar") and became professor for applied linguistics at University of Hyderabad in 1989. He is currently at the Linguistic Research Unit of Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata.
Since 2004 he has been an honorary member of the Linguistic Society of America.

</doc>
<doc id="18301157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301157" title="Welch OW-5M">
Welch OW-5M

__NOTOC__
The Welch OW-5M (along with the OW-6M, OW-7M and OW-8M) were a family of American two-seat light cabin monoplanes designed by Orin Welch based on his first cabin monoplane design, the ACA Falcon. Welch's goal was to design cheap and functional light aircraft. The aircraft is a braced high-wing monoplane with an enclosed cabin with side-by-side seats for two. It had a steerable tailwheel landing gear and a nose-mounted engine. The fuselage was constructed with fabric covered welded steel tubing with a triangular cross section. The controls were mounted overhead with an adjustable control wheel that could be positioned for either pilot. Welch developed their own low-pressure wheels and tires for suspension. 
Welch aircraft were first built at Welch Aircraft Industries Inc, 1720 Mishawaka St, South Bend IN., then production moved to Wilkes Barre, Pennsylvania in 1940, with the first aircraft christened "The Wyoming Valley". Total production of all types was 55 aircraft, 35 of which were Continental powered OW-5M models. 
Their company location history 1927: (Orin) Welch Aircraft Co, Anderson IN. 1928: Welch Aviation Co. 1931: Refinancing as Air-Craft Corp of America, 1406 S Meridian Ave, Anderson and Portland IN. 1936: Welch Aircraft Industries Inc, 1720 Mishawauka St, South Bend IN. 1940: Acquired by Aircraft Corp, La Porte IN; Welch Aircraft Developments, 221 Conyham St, Wilkes Barre PA.

</doc>
<doc id="18301181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301181" title="Christophe Dumaux">
Christophe Dumaux

Christophe Dumaux (born 1979) is a French classical countertenor.
Life and career.
Christophe Dumaux initially studied voice and cello at his local conservatory in Châlons-en-Champagne and in 2000 entered the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique in Paris. In July 2002 at the age of 21, he made his professional debut singing the role of Eustazio in Handel's "Rinaldo" at the Festival de Radio France et Montpellier. Since then he has sung as a soloist with several prominent baroque music ensembles, including William Christie's Le Jardin des Voix and Les Arts Florissants, Emmanuelle Haïm's Le Concert d’Astrée, and Il Combattimento Consort di Amsterdam.
He made his US debut in 2003 at the Spoleto Festival in Charleston, South Carolina singing the title role in Handel's "Tamerlano". Several major other major house and company debuts soon followed, including: the Théâtre de la Monnaie in Brussels as Giuliano in Cavalli's "Eliogabalo" (2004); Santa Fe Opera as Ottone in Handel's Agrippina (2004); the Opéra national de Paris as Ottone in Monteverdi's "L'incoronazione di Poppea" (2005); Glyndebourne Festival Opera as Tolomeo in Handel's "Giulio Cesare" (2005); and the New York Metropolitan Opera first as Unulfo in Handel's "Rodelinda" (2006). and a critically acclaimed Tolomeo in Handel's "Giulio Cesare" (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="18301183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301183" title="Daily Express Building, Manchester">
Daily Express Building, Manchester

The Daily Express Building, located on Great Ancoats Street, Manchester, is a Grade II* listed building which was designed by engineer, Sir Owen Williams. It was built in 1939 to house one of three "Daily Express" offices; the other two similar buildings are located in London and Glasgow.
The pre-World War II building is notable for its timeless quality and is often mistaken for being much younger than it is due to its futuristic avant garde appearance. The building is futurist art deco, specifically streamline moderne with its horizontal lines and curved corners. It is clad in a combination of opaque and vitrolite glass. It was considered highly radical at the time and incorporated a growing technology, curtain walling. 
Unlike the London and Glasgow Express buildings, the Manchester building was designed by the engineer for all three buildings, Sir Owen Williams. It is considered the best of the three of the Express Buildings, and is admired by architects such as Norman Foster and Mancunians alike. The building was Grade II* listed in 1974 - just thirty-five years after its initial construction and remains Greater Manchester's youngest II* listed building.
History.
The building was required to accommodate existing growth at the Daily Express during the 1930s. During this decade the Daily Express was the most circulated newspaper in the world with sales of up to 2.25 million. Max Aitken, Lord Beaverbrook, owner of the Daily Express commissioned three buildings in London, Manchester and Glasgow which would help accommodate this growth. Beaverbrook stipulated that all three buildings should be of the highest architectural quality and assigned renowned engineer Sir Owen Williams to assist in the delivery of these three buildings. 
The London building opened in 1931, followed by the Glasgow building in 1937 and the Manchester building in 1939. Although similar to both buildings, it was uniquely different with Owen Williams acting as engineer and architect; the former two were both designed by Ellis and Clark. The Glasgow and London buildings were designed by chartered architects while Williams, although not a qualified architect, was a competent designer. The interior of the London building is lavishly decorated, but suffers from a poor and dense site. The architecture of the exterior and site of the Manchester building is regarded as superior which allows the building to shine. Williams kept the design simple, preferring curved corners, cantilever roof rails and a three-storey turret; all these features share more in common with a futurist streamline moderne design rather than art deco.
Only thirty five years after opening, the building was Grade II* listed on October 3, 1974. The initial clients of the building, the "Daily Express", left Manchester in the late 1980s, possibly because other buildings in the area were in a poor state of repair. However, after the "Daily Express" decided to leave the city, there was no new press which expressed interest in continuing the building's role as a printing centre, so instead this was discontinued; but printing does still continue in the area.
Architecture.
The buildings corners are curved, taking inspiration from the 1930s streamline moderne movement. It features typical Art Deco motifs: rounded corners, setbacks and a simple contrasting clear and black glass curtain wall. The Express began printing there in 1938 having been on the same site since 1927. Construction had to take place in stages so publishing could continue without interruption.
Originally, it was possible for passers by to peer into the main hall to see the large newspaper printing press. When the building was converted during the 1990s, the glass was made reflective so outsiders cannot see the interior of the building.
Nikolaus Pevsner described the building as an "all-glass front, absolutely flush, with rounded corners and translucent glass and black glass" and "a most impressive sight from the street, particularly when lit up at night." 
The Express Building influenced Norman Foster during his youth, describing "I was very taken with the Daily Express building, for example, from the Thirties, wonderfully curved with black glass." "I knew it was there, and I went looking for it. It was not in a part of town that you could just stumble across it. I remember the chromed strips and the Vitrolite that the black façade was made of." Foster's first successful work was the Willis Faber and Dumas Headquarters (1975) in Ipswich, a building which share many features with the Express Building such as the use of dark glass, curtain walling and few right angled corners. The Willis Building is now Grade I listed.
Recent history.
The building has been extended four times in its history, the most recent being between 1993 and 1995. Now converted into apartments and offices for the "Expressnetworks" company, the former printing press was refurbished in the late 1990s and finished in 2000. This was only able to be done through funding by the Express Group and regeneration grants. The structure was sold to Washington DC-based A&A Investments in 2006 for £20.5 million, after previous owners Stockbourne had occupied the building for 12 months.

</doc>
<doc id="18301184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301184" title="Roman Szewczyk">
Roman Szewczyk

Roman Szewczyk (born March 18, 1965 in Bytom) is a former Polish football player.
He played 37 times for Poland, scoring 3 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18301193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301193" title="Markus Dieckmann">
Markus Dieckmann

Markus Dieckmann (born January 7, 1976 in Bonn) is a retired professional beach volleyball player from Germany, who represented his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. There he ended up in ninth place in the overall-rankings. 
Partnering Jonas Reckermann he twice won the gold medal at the European Beach Volleyball Championships, in 2002 and 2004. His twin brother Christoph Dieckmann also played as a professional beach volleyball player on the international tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18301199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301199" title="List of Ambassadors of Singapore to Russia">
List of Ambassadors of Singapore to Russia

This is a list of Ambassadors of Singapore to the Soviet Union and Russia 

</doc>
<doc id="18301225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301225" title="The Big Empty (2005 film)">
The Big Empty (2005 film)

The Big Empty is a 2005 short film starring Selma Blair about a woman with an unusual condition that baffles scientists and everymen alike. It was written, directed and produced by Lisa Chang and Newton Thomas Sigel. It is based on the short story "The Specialist", by Alison Smith. It was executive produced by George Clooney and Steven Soderbergh.
Plot.
A young woman, Alice ("Selma Blair"), goes to the gynecologist with a mysterious ache inside her. When one doctor can't figure out just what the problem is, she sees another, and still more, until finally one specialist finds that she has an enormous, empty "tundra" inside of her, the opening of which is her vagina. She is forced into a media parade, brought onto talk shows so that the specialist can talk about his discovery. Alice is treated coldly, like her emptiness is the only thing important about her, and still she aches. A challenge is put forth to see who would be willing to enter the vast tundra and see where it might lead; several men enter and travel for a long time, but find nothing but ice. One young man enters and does not come back out. At the end, Alice goes to a beach and stands by the water. In a rush, the ice from the emptiness inside her flows out, freezing the ocean, and the young man appears beside her.
"The Big Empty"'s theme song was "Song to the Siren" by This Mortal Coil, which played during the final scene.

</doc>
<doc id="18301240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301240" title="Oliver Ryan">
Oliver Ryan

Oliver Paul "Ollie" Ryan (born 26 September 1985) is an English footballer. He played professionally with Lincoln City as a forward and currently is playing for Staveley Miners Welfare.
Early career.
Ryan attended Kirton Primary School before moving on to Boston Grammar School. He played junior football with Nortoft Boys and Boston Town in the Mid Lincolnshire Youth League before joining Lincoln City's Centre of Excellence on 26 October 2000 despite an offer from Leicester City. Having earned representative honours with the Lincolnshire Schools Under-16s and the Lincolnshire FA Under-16s, Ryan was awarded a three-year scholarship with the Imps commencing at the start of the 2002–03 season.
Ryan made impressive strides during his scholarship and at the end of his second year he was named Lincoln's Young Player of the Season. His third year saw him spend an impressive work experience spell with Spalding United, scoring in each of his first two appearances. On his return to Lincoln, he entered the first team squad, making his debut, as a substitute, in the 3–0 FA Cup defeat at Hartlepool United on 13 November 2004 with his Football league debut coming a week later in the 3–0 away victory over Darlington. He returned to Spalding for a second spell of work experience, once again marking his first appearance with a goal in the 3–1 away victory over Gresley Rovers on 6 January 2005. By the end of his scholarship, Ryan had made six league appearances for Lincoln, all from the substitutes bench, and along with fellow scholars Lee Frecklington and Chris Gordon, agreed a one-year professional contract.
Professional career.
His first season as a professional saw him make intermittent appearances without finding the net and in November 2005 he linked up with Ilkeston Town on a month's loan debuting in the 3–1 home victory over Gateshead on 5 November 2005. Recalled to Lincoln in December, he agreed a one-year extension to his Lincoln contract in March 2006.
His second professional season saw Ryan restricted to only seven league appearances, all from the substitutes bench, and despite regular goals for the reserve team he could not find a goal for the first-team. He was, however, given a final opportunity to impress when he agreed a new six-month contract in May 2007.
He continued to struggle to find not only a starting position but also an elusive goal in his third professional season despite scoring 119 goals in 125 appearances for the reserves. On 2 October 2007 he made his first league start for 598 days in the 1–1 away draw with Bury. He kept his starting role for the next three league and cup games culminating in the 4–0 away defeat to MK Dons which saw Lincoln's manager John Schofield sacked and Ryan dropped from the team. He was offered a chance to impress the new manager Peter Jackson when handed a starting role in the game at Wycombe Wanderers on 17 November 2008 but disaster struck when he was sent-off after just 27 minutes for a foul tackle on Will Antwi. Despite this he did agree a six-month contract extension at the beginning of January 2008 but he would start no further games and, with his substitute appearances becoming even more sporadic, it was no surprise when, in March 2008, he agreed to cancel his contract with Lincoln and join up with Hucknall Town. Perhaps inevitably, he marked his Hucknall debut by scoring in the 2–1 defeat to Hinckley United on 22 March 2008 but after one further start he dropped down to the substitutes bench. He enjoyed a brief sojourn to Bourne Town, scoring in the 2–1 away victory over St Ives Town on 15 April 2008, before returning to Hucknall and his place on the bench. At the end of the season, Hucknall announced that Ryan would not be offered a new contract. Having first expressed an interest in signing Ryan a year previously, it was no surprise when Tommy Taylor signed Ryan for Boston United ahead of the 2008–2009 season. Ryan was offered fresh terms for the 2009–10 season, but rejected a new contract and left the club, joining Harrogate Town. In January 2010 he joined Belper Town on loan. Released by Harrogate at the end of the season, Ryan trialled with both Northwich Victoria and Chester before agreeing a deal to join the former club on 13 August 2010.
On 18 June 2011 he joined Frickley Athletic. before moving on to join Scarborough Athletic. He made a goalscoring debut for the club in their Northern Counties East Football League Premier Division 2-1 victory at Hall Road Rangers on 4 August 2012.
In December 2013 he joined Staveley Miners Welfare, debuting in the club's Northern Counties East League Premier Division 4-0 home defeat to Athersley Recreation on 14 December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18301252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301252" title="Gáspár Heltai">
Gáspár Heltai

Gáspár Heltai (born: Kaspar Helth) ("c". 1490–1574) was a Transylvanian Saxon writer and printer. His name possibly derives from the village Heltau (, today Cisnădie, Romania). Despite his German mother-tongue he published many books in Hungarian from his print-shop.
Career.
He studied at Wittenberg University and he established the first print shop in Kolozsvár, (now Cluj-Napoca, Romania). He also founded a public bath, a paper mill and the first brewery in the town. He was in the same time pastor, translator, printer, publisher, writer and businessman. He is considerer the first religious reformer of Kolozsvár.
He was a great spirit of Hungarian Unitarian Reformation. Together with a group of scholars he produced an almost complete translation of the New Testament in Hungarian. His work marked the first buds of a secular literature in Hungary.
Bonfini translation.
Heltai's most voluminous work is his reworking and translation of Antonio Bonfini's "Rerum Hungaricum Decades" (""Ten Volumes of Hungarian Matters"") which Heltai published in 1575 as "Chronica az magyaroknac dolgairól" (""Chronicle of the Hungarians’ Past Deeds""). The work was printed in Kolozsvár (Cluj-Napoca).

</doc>
<doc id="18301257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301257" title="Satish Nambiar">
Satish Nambiar

Lieutenant General Chenicheri Satish Nambiar is an Indian general who achieved international recognition as the first Force Commander and Head of Mission of UNPROFOR, the United Nations Protection Force in the former Yugoslavia, between March 1992 and March 1993. He is the elder brother of former UN Under-Secretary-General Vijay Nambiar who has been in the UN since 2006.
Early life.
Lt Gen Satish Nambiar was born in Bombay (now Mumbai) on 30 August 1936, to Kunhananthan Nambiar and Chenicheri Devikutty. He did most of his education in Pune and Mumbai. He is an Alumnus of St Xavier's College Mumbai during which he was an Under Officer with the National Cadet Corps. While doing his graduation he joined the 20th regular course of the Indian Military Academy He was a keen sportsman and his passion for sports continued during his military life too.
See also.
Satish Nambiar on BBC Hardtalk

</doc>
<doc id="18301263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301263" title="Jonas Reckermann">
Jonas Reckermann

Jonas Reckermann (born 26 May 1979 in Rheine) is a retired beach volleyball player from Germany. Together with his most recent partner Julius Brink, he won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, which was the most successful Olympic appearance of a German beach volleyball team ever. They were the first, and to date only, European duo to win the Olympic gold medal - male or female competition. In addition to that they also were the first European team ever to win a world championship title and are currently ranked 22nd on the FIVB World Tour (as of 23 July 2012).
Early tournaments.
Reckermann represented his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, where he finished in ninth place with his then partner Markus Dieckmann. He twice won the European Beach Volleyball Championships, in 2002 and 2004.
In 2009, he won four FIVB competitions (three consecutive Grand Slams) and the German Masters of the CEV European Championship Tour with partner Julius Brink. This includes the 2009 FIVB World Championship, held from 26 June to 5 July in Stavanger, where they beat top- seeded Harley – Alison in the final and former FIVB world champions and gold medalist of the 2008 Summer Olympics Rogers – Dalhausser in the semi final.
2012 Olympics.
Brink – Reckermann won the Olympic beach volleyball tournament in London in 2012. In the final, they beat the Brazilian team of Alison – Emanuel, making this the first victory of a European country at Beach Volleyball in Olympic history.
Retirement and media career.
Reckermann announced his retirement from competition after the 2012 season due to injury.
He is currently the main pundit for Sky Germany's beach volleyball broadcasts.

</doc>
<doc id="18301272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301272" title="Cotton Keays &amp; Morris">
Cotton Keays &amp; Morris

Cotton Keays & Morris (shortened to CKM by fans) was an Australian rock band formed in 2000 consisting of singer-songwriters Darryl Cotton, Jim Keays and Russell Morris. Each wrote and recorded numerous hit songs since the 1960s. The band toured Australia regularly, their stage show featuring the hits of each member and their previous groups.
History.
Cotton Keays & Morris was formed in 2000. During the previous decade, Cotton and Morris had toured with another 1960s pop star Ronnie Burns as Burns, Cotton, & Morris. When Burns decided to leave the group, The Masters Apprentices frontman Jim Keays was invited to join the group, bringing with him a sizeable catalogue of hits to add to the on-stage repertoire.
Darryl Cotton.
Daryl Cotton (4 September 1949 – 27 July 2012) was a founding member of rock band Zoot along with Beeb Birtles (Mississippi and Little River Band). Following the breakup of Zoot, Cotton worked overseas for several years before returning to Australia to pursue a solo career. He also enjoyed success as the lead in the Australian production of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, appeared in television programs including "The Young Doctors" and hosted "The Early Bird Show".
Cotton's contributions to the setlist include Zoot hits "1x2x3x4" and a hard rock version of "Eleanor Rigby", Mississippi single "Will I?" (co-written with Birtles), and his solo songs "Don't Let It Get to You" and the award-winning "Same Old Girl".
Cotton died from liver cancer on 27 July 2012.
Jim Keays.
Jim Keays (born 9 September 1946 in Glasgow, Scotland) was the lead singer for Australian rock band The Masters Apprentices from 1965 to 1971. The band has re-formed occasionally for nostalgia and benefit concerts. Keays went on to forge a successful solo career. Keays, together with The Masters Apprentices, was inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame in 1998. In 2007 Keays was diagnosed with myeloma, which caused his kidneys to fail, but the cancer is in remission.
Keays contributions include The Masters Apprentices hits "Living in a Child's Dream", "Elevator Driver", "5:10 Man", "Think About Tomorrow Today", "Because I Love You" and "Turn Up Your Radio" (the song featured on a 1998 Australian postage stamp). His solo hit "The Boy from the Stars" is also featured.
Russell Morris.
Russell Morris (born 31 July 1948) first enjoyed success in 1966 when his band Somebody's Image achieved a hit with a cover of the song "Hush". Breaking out as a solo musician, Morris achieved instant stardom with his classic song "The Real Thing". Between 1969 and 1972 Morris released seven charting singles, with five reaching the Top 10. "The Real Thing" was featured on a 1998 Australian postage stamp. Morris was inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame in 2008.
Morris rounds out the band's repertoire with his hits: "Hush", "Rachel", " Mr America", "The Wings of an Eagle", "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue", "Sweet Sweet Love" and "The Real Thing".
Discography.
Live at The Basement (DVD) (2004)
Live at The Basement (CD) (2004)
Live Acoustic (CD) (2003)
Maximum Hits (CD)
Maximum Hits Volume 2 (CD)
The Spirit of Christmas (CD) (2001)

</doc>
<doc id="18301301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301301" title="Gladys Carmagnola">
Gladys Carmagnola

Gladys Carmagnola is a Paraguayan poet and teacher. She is one of the countries best known writers; her work is devoted to a wide audience, including works for children and adults.
She was born in Guarambaré city Central Department, Paraguay, January 2, 1939, daughter of Ramona and Carlos Herrera Udrizar Carmagnola, a descendant of Italians.
Early life.
Carmagnola shared her childhood with her brothers Carlos, the eldest, Haydee and Selva.
As early as adolescence she showed a natural inclination towards poetry.
From a very early age she was devoted to teaching, and simultaneously developing her poetic vocation.
Her career.
She is co-founder and member of the Society of Writers of Paraguay. She also had involvement in the founding of the group of Paraguayan Associated Writers and the Pen Club of Paraguay.
She is part of a generation of Paraguayan women who, early in the decade of the 1960s, made their literary production, occupying a very important area in the Paraguayan literature.
Her first steps in producing poetry, were directed towards children. Her first book of poems for children was called "Ojitos negros", published in April 1965.
In addition to her many books published, several of her poems have been included in anthologies and literary publications, both in her country and other foreign nations.
Other notable Paraguayan writers.
Carmagnola is an amazing writer from the group of contemporary writers that marked a new trend in the literature of Paraguay. Among them are: Eloy Fariña Núñez, Hérib Campos Cervera, Josefina Plá, Óscar Ferreiro, Elvio Romero, José Luis Appleyard, Ramiro Domínguez, José María Gómez Sanjurjo, Rubén Bareiro Saguier, Carlos Villagra Marsal, Jacobo Rauskin, Miguel Ángel Fernandez, Roque Vallejos, Emilio Pérez Chaves, Susy Delgado, and Mario Casartelli.
Works.
Her first publication dates back to 1965, since then, she has been devoted entirely to the production of poetic works, completing a total of 20 titles.
Awards and honors.
Throughout her career she has been honored with numerous awards and tributes nationally and internationally.
Her poetic style.
About her predilection for poetry for children, this author has pointed out: "… writing for children is my great commitment and my singular pride, as well."
In 1979, Mrs. Josefina Plá responded Carmagnola children's works: "There is tenderness in the book, a lot of tenderness, too if you do not know Gladys and do not know that she is pure tenderness; that sweetness is her accent and her images of saccharin is not true but honey cookbook interlinings heart. "
Her poems for children have a sweet and inviting style, and allow readers to access their inner child. They produce a sense of delight and can transport readers back to the times of ice cream, daytime naps, and tireless games with friends.
It has also been echoed her work "Piolin", the Argentine author Maria Elena Walsh, who defined it as "transparent Piolin", for its literary beauty and clarity.
Since 1980, emerges a stage of maturity as a writer, moving their production toward a modern style. They emerge at this stage, poems that reflect an era intimately reflective of the poet and several poems of nature amatory.
Her work for adults rose in a language that is clear and transparent that feels like a breath of fresh air for readers.
Her Family.
She married Julio Medina, a lawyer by profession. They had one daughter: Cecilia Medina Carmagnola.

</doc>
<doc id="18301304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301304" title="Hypohamiltonian graph">
Hypohamiltonian graph

In the mathematical field of graph theory, a graph "G" is said to be hypohamiltonian if "G" does not itself have a Hamiltonian cycle but every graph formed by removing a single vertex from "G" is Hamiltonian.
History.
Hypohamiltonian graphs were first studied by . cites and as additional early papers on the subject; another early work is by .
Applications.
Hypohamiltonian graphs arise in integer programming solutions to the traveling salesman problem: certain kinds of hypohamiltonian graphs define facets of the "traveling salesman polytope", a shape defined as the convex hull of the set of possible solutions to the traveling salesman problem, and these facets may be used in cutting-plane methods for solving the problem. observes that the computational complexity of determining whether a graph is hypohamiltonian, although unknown, is likely to be high, making it difficult to find facets of these types except for those defined by small hypohamiltonian graphs; fortunately, the smallest graphs lead to the strongest inequalities for this application.
Concepts closely related to hypohamiltonicity have also been used by to measure the fault tolerance of network topologies for parallel computing.
Properties.
Every hypohamiltonian graph must be 3-vertex-connected, as the removal of any two vertices leaves a Hamiltonian path, which is connected. There exist "n"-vertex hypohamiltonian graphs in which the maximum degree is "n"/2, and in which there are approximately "n"2/4 edges.
If a 3-regular graph is Hamiltonian, its edges can be colored with three colors: use alternating colors for the edges on the Hamiltonian cycle (which must have even length by the handshaking lemma) and a third color for all remaining edges. Therefore, all snarks, bridgeless cubic graphs that require four edge colors, must be non-Hamiltonian, and many known snarks are hypohamiltonian. Every hypohamiltonian snark is "bicritical": removing any two vertices leaves a subgraph the edges of which can be colored with only three colors. A three-coloring of this subgraph can be simply described: after removing one vertex, the remaining vertices contain a Hamiltonian cycle. After removing a second vertex, this cycle becomes a path, the edges of which may be colored by alternating between two colors. The remaining edges form a matching and may be colored with a third color.
The color classes of any 3-coloring of the edges of a 3-regular graph form three matchings such that each edge belongs to exactly one of the matchings.
Hypohamiltonian snarks do not have a partition into matchings of this type, but conjectures that the edges of any hypohamiltonian snark may be used to form six matchings such that each edge belongs to exactly two of the matchings. This is a special case of the Berge–Fulkerson conjecture that any snark has six matchings with this property.
Hypohamiltonian graphs cannot be bipartite: in a bipartite graph, a vertex can only be deleted to form a Hamiltonian subgraph if it belongs to the larger of the graph's two color classes. However, every bipartite graph occurs as an induced subgraph of some hypohamiltonian graph.
Examples.
The smallest hypohamiltonian graph is the Petersen graph . More generally, the generalized Petersen graph GP("n",2) is hypohamiltonian when "n" is 5 (mod 6); the Petersen graph is the instance of this construction with "n" = 5.
Additional infinite families are given by , , and .
Enumeration.
Václav Chvátal proved in 1973 that for all sufficiently large "n" there exists a hypohamiltonian graph with "n" vertices. Taking into account subsequent discoveries, “sufficiently large” is now known to mean that such graphs exist for all "n" ≥ 18. A complete list of hypohamiltonian graphs with at most 17 vertices is known: they are the 10-vertex Petersen graph, a 13-vertex graph and a 15-vertex graph found by computer searches of , and four 16-vertex graphs. There exist at least thirteen 18-vertex hypohamiltonian graphs. By applying the flip-flop method of to the Petersen graph and the flower snark, it is possible to show that the number of hypohamiltonian graphs, and more specifically the number of hypohamiltonian snarks, grows as an exponential function of the number of vertices.
Generalizations.
Graph theorists have also studied "hypotraceable graphs", graphs that do not contain a Hamiltonian path but such that every subset of "n" − 1 vertices may be connected by a path. Analogous definitions of hypohamiltonicity and hypotraceability for directed graphs have been considered by several authors.
An equivalent definition of hypohamiltonian graphs is that their longest cycle has length "n" − 1 and that the intersection of all longest cycles is empty. investigate graphs with the same property that the intersection of longest cycles is empty but in which the longest cycle length is shorter than "n" − 1. defines the "cyclability" of a graph as the largest number "k" such that every "k" vertices belong to a cycle; the hypohamiltonian graphs are exactly the graphs that have cyclability "n" − 1. Similarly, define a graph to be ƒ-"fault hamiltonian" if the removal of at most ƒ vertices leaves a Hamiltonian subgraph. study the graphs with cyclability "n" − 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18301315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301315" title="EMC Motorcycles">
EMC Motorcycles

EMC Motorcycles or the Ehrlich Motor Co was a British motorcycle manufacturer. Based in Isleworth, the business was founded by Joseph Ehrlich who emigrated to Britain from Austria in the 1930s.
A specialist engine tuner, Joe Ehrlich made unique two-stroke motorcycles. EMC stopped mass production in 1952 but Ehrlich used his knowledge of German technology to re-engineer the DKW Rennsporte Ladempumpe production racers, which he developed as one-off EMC racing bikes and won several events over the next 25 years. The EMC 125 cc racer was considered among the fastest of its size in the early 1960s. Ehrlich left in 1967 and the company was wound up in 1977.
History.
Dr Joseph Ehrlich was a wealthy Austrian and keen motorcycle enthusiast who became the acknowledged authority on two-stroke single racing bikes. Ehrlich moved to the UK and set up EMC after the Second World War with a factory at Isleworth. Production focussed on a 350 cc split single motorcycle based on German engineering using two cylinders and pistons with a common combustion chamber. One cylinder housed the exhaust ports and the other the transfer ports. EMC also imported Puch 125 cc split single, four-speed engines from Austria as there was nothing to compete in the UK market at the time. 
Dr Ehrlich worked throughout his life to improve engine performance. In 1948 he built a three-cylinder motorcycle engine that was banned from racing circuits as "too powerful". EMC racing motorcycles (and cars) were used by some of the leading riders, including Mike Hailwood who rode an EMC to fifth place in the 1962 125 cc world championship and won the 1962 Saar Grand Prix. From 1981, 250 cc EMC motorcycles won 4 Junior TTs at the Isle of Man and an EMC was the first 250 cc motorcycle to break the lap record. Ehrlich went on to develop Formula 3 racing cars and although he retired from EMC in 1967 his interest in racing motorcycles continued and he produced one-off 250 cc Rotax-engined bikes in the 1980s and his last competitive motorcycle in 1995 – when he was in his 80s.
Ehrlich's experience with early two-stroke designs led to work on the 'Environmental Engine' that had variable compression and variable capacity to improve emission and fuel consumption. Potentially the future of engine technology, Josef Ehrlich died in September 2003 aged 89 without seeing his engine designs developed commercially.

</doc>
<doc id="18301326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301326" title="Contraceptive implant">
Contraceptive implant

A contraceptive implant is a birth control device inserted under the skin by a doctor. The implant is among the most effective birth control methods. After it is inserted it prevents pregnancy by releasing hormones that prevent ovaries from releasing eggs and by thickening cervical mucous. The implant can prevent pregnancy for up to three years. Though it protects against pregnancy, it does not protect against STIs. The costs for implantation range. Brands include:
Side Effects.
Negative.
For many women, these are not a problem. It is always possible to remove the implant and switch to another form of birth control if the side effects become a problem.

</doc>
<doc id="18301333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301333" title="Elena Pingacheva">
Elena Pingacheva

Elena Pingacheva (; born in Moscow) is a Russian figure skater. She is the 1996 World Junior silver medalist.
Following her retirement from competitive skating, she began skating professionally in the Moscow Stars on Ice ice theater.

</doc>
<doc id="18301343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301343" title="Markus Egger">
Markus Egger

Markus Egger (born February 24, 1975 in Zug) is a retired professional beach volleyball player from Switzerland. Partnering Sascha Heyer he claimed the gold medal at the 2001 European Championships in Jesolo, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18301347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301347" title="2008–09 Falkirk F.C. season">
2008–09 Falkirk F.C. season

Falkirk competed in the Scottish Premier League, the Scottish League Cup and the Scottish Cup in 2008–09. Although they slipped from a final league position of seventh to tenth, they had had strong runs in both cups, reaching the semi-finals of the League Cup and finishing as runners-up in the Scottish Cup, losing 1–0 to Rangers.
Squad.
First team Squad.
"As of 2 February 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="18301351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301351" title="Zapf Creation">
Zapf Creation

Zapf Creation is a toy company based in Coburg, Germany which specialises in dolls for girls. Its franchises have become very popular around the world; among its successes are Baby Born and Anabell.
Products.
Most of the ZC products are baby and toddler dolls, occasionally used to teach future parents lifeskills.
Baby Born.
Baby Born is often considered to be the most lifelike of the series due to the numerous functions that the doll can perform which include Crying, Urinating and a pacifier which makes the dolls eyes shut in later versions, all of which can be performed without batteries making them safe to bathe. The most recent version includes 9 Functions and 10 accessories including a musical potty chair and designer bottle. Varieties include boy, girl and ethnic girl, each anatomically correct and having their own color style.
Baby Annabell.
Perhaps the most famous of Zapf's products, this doll comes with a variety of accessories and has a large product line which includes extra bits and bobs, outfits and furniture pieces. The main function of the newer dolls is to take a sip of water and then have the ability to shed tears when crying, and also use the toilet.
This doll could perhaps be classes as a "modern autonomous doll".
Baby Chou Chou.
Chou Chou is a doll manufactured by Zapf Creation. The doll is designed to be very realistic, having accessories to support role playing for children. Baby Chou Chou is sometimes used to teach young girls in particular about various stages of a baby's life including her first tooth and minor colds, though most are intended just for playing with.
Models include ""Mommy Make Me Better" Chou Chou", ""Love Me" Chou Chou", ""Be Happy" Chou Chou", and ""Rock-A-Bye" Chou Chou", which was named the number one doll in the Duracell Kids' Choice Toy Survey in the US in 2001.
This doll comes in all sort of types and has many lifelike functions.
Sam and Sally.
Similar to other dolls of their size out today, Sam and Sally are quite large dolls at around 63 cm each which means that they can either be dressed in the provided outfits or be dressed in real clothes of their size (0-3 months and 3-6 months fit the dolls).

</doc>
<doc id="18301356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301356" title="Karen Barkey">
Karen Barkey

Karen Barkey is a professor of sociology at Columbia University in New York City, USA.
Education.
Karen Barkey holds a Ph.D. from the University of Chicago, an M.A. from the University of Washington, Seattle, and an A.B. from Bryn Mawr College.
Personal.
Barkey was born in Istanbul, Turkey. She is married to Anthony Marx, the president of the New York Public Library and former president of Amherst College, in Amherst, Massachusetts.
Scientific contributions.
Barkey studies state centralization/decentralization, state control and social movements against states in the context of empires.
Her research focuses primarily on the Ottoman Empire, and recently on comparisons between Ottoman, Habsburg and Roman empires.

</doc>
<doc id="18301365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301365" title="Mariusz Piekarski">
Mariusz Piekarski

Mariusz Piekarski (born March 22, 1975 in Białystok) is a former Polish football player.
He played twice for Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18301367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301367" title="Dicky Owen">
Dicky Owen

Dicky Owen (17 November 1876 - 27 February 1932) was a Welsh international scrum-half who played club rugby for Swansea RFC Owen is seen as one of the greatest Welsh scrum-halves and won 35 caps for Wales between 1901 and 1912, a record that was unbeaten until 1955 when Ken Jones surpassed him.
Influence in rugby.
Born Richard Morgan Owens in 1876, "Dicky" Owen was one of the great players of Wales' first Golden Era of rugby. He played in five Triple Crown winning teams and along with Gareth Edwards and Haydn Tanner is seen as the greatest scrum-half produced by Wales.
Owen was an innovative rugby player, continually attempting to devise new tactics and moves. He is recognised as a developer of feint attacks and realised the influence of a scrum-half linking with wing-forwards in attacking moves. He is also noted for his swift distribution play, which some fly-halves, especially Percy Bush found difficult to adapt to. Speaking in 1927, Owen explained his philosophy on scrum-half play:
An example of Owen's tactical mind was seen in one of his early international matches against England in 1902. Wales were behind in the game with little time remaining when Owen tricked his opposite number, Bernard Oughtred, into an off-side tackle near the English posts. With the Welsh in charge of the scrum on the English '25', Owen told his forwards, in Welsh, to keep hold of the ball, while Owen bent down and pretended to collect it. Oughtred came around the scrum to tackle Owen and finding the Welshman empty handed was penalised for being off-side. John Strand-Jones kicked the penalty, allowing Wales to win 9-8.
On 9 January 1904 Wales again faced England during the Home Nations Championship. The referee for that match was a Mr. Findlay of the Scottish Rugby Union, whose interpretation of the rules was so confusing the Welsh players gave away eleven penalties, seven within goal range, before the first half. Owen decided that rather than give any further dubious penalties away, he allowed his English counterpart to put the ball into scrums even when it was a Welsh put-in.
Club career.
Owen first played rugby with the town team, Hafod Rovers, before moving to Swansea Rugby Club in 1899. Owen played his club rugby partnered with Dick Jones at half-back; known as the 'Dancing Dicks', they were used to devastating effect as they combined their half-back play with running three-quarters. Owen spent 14 years with the club until 1913, and captained Swansea during the 1911–12 season.
International career.
Owen was first capped for his country in a winning game against Ireland on March 16, 1901, a match notable for also seeing the international debut of Rhys Gabe. Owen's longevity as an international rugby player is quite surprising considering his slight build and the want of the Welsh Rugby Union selection committee to chop and change the formation of the national side at will. Owen was seen as a first choice by the selectors, and his ability to play with numerous differing partners kept him in the side.
Although Owen won five Triple Crowns and captained Wales on three occasions, he is most remembered as a member of the historic Welsh team that beat the original All Blacks during the New Zealand tour of Britain in 1905. During the match against the All Blacks, Owen bravely supported his seven forwards but took a heavy pounding from the New Zealand pack resulting in Owen receiving a cracked rib. Later in the match Owen would be recognised as the orchestrator of the move that led to Teddy Morgan scoring the only and winning try.
International matches played
Retirement and later life.
Owen retired from international rugby, at the age of 34, in 1912 in a 21-6 victory against Scotland, fittingly played at St Helens in Swansea. Owen was given the captaincy for this match and after the final whistle was carried from the field shoulder high. He would retire from rugby completely the following year when he left Swansea Rugby Club in 1913. As fitting many sports people he became a publican on retirement from rugby. Owen took his own life in the Swansea pub he ran in 1932; he was 55.

</doc>
<doc id="18301382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301382" title="Mohsen Ashouri">
Mohsen Ashouri

Mohsen Ashouri (; born January 2, 1965) is a retired Iranian football player and a current coach.

</doc>
<doc id="18301411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301411" title="1941 in comics">
1941 in comics


</doc>
<doc id="18301418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301418" title="Speed limits by country">
Speed limits by country

A road speed limit is the limit of speed allowed by law for motorised road vehicles, either maximum limit or minimum limit. Speed limits are commonly set by the legislative bodies of national or local governments.
Overview.
The following tables show various jurisdictions' default speed limits (where applicable) that apply to different types of vehicles traveling on three different types of road. Actual speed limits may range beyond these values. Speeds are listed in kilometers per hour. The enforcement tolerance is specified in km/h or percentage above the stated limit. For the United Kingdom and the United States, the speed limit is also listed in miles per hour in brackets:
Country specific.
United States.
American interstate highways are frequently patrolled by law enforcement, typically referred to as Highway Patrol, State Patrol or State Police. Speed limit enforcement is part of their duty, but other traffic laws are at least as important. Enforcement varies notably between states and traffic conditions. Montana and Nebraska have high tolerance toward speeding. More states are experimenting with variable speed limits, with electronic speed limit displays replacing fixed-number signs. The New Jersey Turnpike has long been equipped with variable-limit signs; in 2011, the same system was put in place along a stretch of Interstate 80 through Wyoming. The idea is to vary speed limits with traffic and weather conditions, the latter being the most immediate concern in Wyoming.
European countries.
In some countries in Europe, traffic calming is gradually becoming a regular part of urban traffic management, after a long evolution of opinions and attitudes towards car use and vulnerable road users. From 1980, regulations for 30 km/h zones were enacted and have been widely applied. New urban policies have been defined with a view to encouraging a switch from car use to public transport and non-motorised modes (cycling, walking), with the additional condition of lower speeds to improve safety of vulnerable road users, for example national policies such as Duurzaam Veilig ('sustainable safety') in the Netherlands or "Vision Zero" in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18301434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301434" title="1943 in comics">
1943 in comics


</doc>
<doc id="18301438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301438" title="Onojutta-Haga">
Onojutta-Haga

The Onojutta-Haga or Juniata (Iottecas) people were natives of areas adjacent to the Juniata River and its tributaries in the southern part of what is now Pennsylvania.
History.
The Onojutta-Haga, like many peoples of the interior of Pennsylvania, are very poorly known. By 1648 they were forced auxiliaries of the more powerful Susquehannock, and may have ultimately been at least partially assimilated. When the Susquehannock were subjugated and dispersed from the Susquehanna Valley, the Onojutta-Haga were likely included in their number.
Language.
The Onojutta-Haga were an Iroquoian-speaking people.

</doc>
<doc id="18301440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301440" title="Harihar Singh">
Harihar Singh

Harihar Singh was an Indian politician and a former Chief Minister of Bihar. He succeeded Bhola Paswan Shashtri, as the Chief Minister of Bihar in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="18301444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301444" title="Simone Kuhn">
Simone Kuhn

Simone Kuhn (born 2 September 1980 in Wattwil) is a female professional beach volleyball player from Switzerland, who represented her native country at the beach volleyball tournaments of the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. In 2004, she partnered with Nicole Schnyder and lost all three pool matches. In 2008, she played alongside Lea Schwer and again lost all pool matches. In 2012 she partnered with Nadine Zumkehr and the pair reached the round of 16 where they were eliminated by the American pair of Jennifer Kessy and April Ross who went on to win silver.
Partnering Nicole Schnyder-Benoit she claimed the gold medal at the 2004 European Championships in Timmendorfer Strand, Germany.
Sponsors.
Swatch

</doc>
<doc id="18301447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301447" title="The Best of Pink Floyd">
The Best of Pink Floyd

The Best of Pink Floyd may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18301453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301453" title="Behrouz Soltani">
Behrouz Soltani

Behrouz Soltani () born December 31, 1957 in Tehran, Iran is a retired Iranian goalkeeper. He competed in the football tournament of the Asian Games in Delhi in 1982 as well as in the Asian Cup 1984 in Singapore.
Soltani is said to be one of the best goalkeepers of the history of the Iranian football after the Islamic Revolution in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18301467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301467" title="CNE Cup of Champions">
CNE Cup of Champions

The CNE Cup of Champions was a one-off match played in June 1968 between Celtic and Milan. The match was played in Toronto, Canada, to try and boost the popularity of football in the country.
Match summary.
The match was played on June 6, 1968, in the Canadian National Exhibition Stadium with a crowd of 31,121 (a record for a football match in Canada at the time), although 20,000 were thought to be Celtic fans who had travelled from across North America.
Even though Celtic were without the injured Tommy Gemmell and the aviatophobic Jimmy Johnstone, Celtic were able to adapt to the situation and both teams tried very hard to win the game from the first minute on and the game swung from end to end in a frantic first 45 minutes. Despite no goals being scored in the first half, the Celtic made it to score a goal at the 49th minute. The first goal was scored after a ball was swung into the box and Bobby Lennox slotted past the keeper before he could react. The second goal was even more spectacular after the Celtic keeper threw the ball to winger John Hughes,the burly winger then started a rampaging run 60 yards across the field shoving aside the Italian defenders before passing the ball into the box for Charlie Gallagher who scored the goal that finished the game off.

</doc>
<doc id="18301475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301475" title="1947 in comics">
1947 in comics


</doc>
<doc id="18301477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301477" title="Li Jianguo">
Li Jianguo

Li Jianguo (; born April 1946) is a politician of the People's Republic of China, and former Party chief of Shaanxi and Shandong Provinces. He currently serves as the vice chairman and secretary general of National People's Congress.
Born in Juancheng County, Shandong Province, Li graduated from department of Chinese literature of Shandong University, and joined the Communist Party of China in June 1971. In his early years, he served in various posts in Tianjin, and used to be the secretary of Li Ruihuan, the then Party chief of Tianjin. In the 1980s, when Li Ruihuan governed Tianjin, Li Jianguo was continuously elevated, and he served as vice director and director of general office of CPC Tianjin committee, vice secretary general of the committee, a standing committee member and secretary general of the committee, the secretary of CPC committee in Heping district of Tianjin, and eventually the vice Party chief of Tianjin.
In August 1997, Li was promoted to the secretary of CPC Shaanxi committee at the age of 51, and was elected the chairman of Shaanxi People's Congress in January 1998. He served in Shaaxin for 10 years until March 2007, when he was transferred to Shandong and became the Party chief of Shandong Province. Later, he was also elected the chairman of Shandong People's Congress. In March 2008, Li was elected vice chairman of National People's Congress and also became the secretary general of the Congress, thus becoming a national leader. 
Li was an alternate member of 14th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, and a full member of 15th and 16th Central Committees of CPC. He is a current member of 17th Central Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="18301501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301501" title="Nicole Schnyder-Benoit">
Nicole Schnyder-Benoit

Nicole Schnyder-Benoit (born March 13, 1973 in Magglingen) is a retired professional beach volleyball player from Switzerland, who represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. Partnering Simone Kuhn she claimed the gold medal at the 2004 European Championships in Timmendorfer Strand, Germany. Schnyder-Benoit is married and mother of 2 boys.

</doc>
<doc id="18301509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301509" title="Lucky Hit">
Lucky Hit

Lucky Hit is one of the oldest brick houses in southwestern Clarke County, Virginia. The double-pile, central hallway house was built by Colonel Richard Kidder Meade around 1791, and was named by Meade in his belief that he had made a fortunate choice in his property. The property stayed in the Meade family until 1869. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18301521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301521" title="Refugio Mbaracayú">
Refugio Mbaracayú

The Mbaracayú (Maracaju) Biological Sanctuary is a binational reserve, located on the border between Paraguay and Brazil. It is one of the sites earmarked as ecological reserve by Itaipu Binacional, which operates the Itaipu Dam. Itaipu is the largest dam in production in the world, located between Paraguay and Brazil. It was founded in 1984 and is located at 300 km north of the city of Hernandarias. It has 1,356 ha. The refuge is managed by these two countries.
The creation of the sanctuary was a solution to the old problem of boundaries between Brazil and Paraguay. Itaipu Binacional created a strip of environmental protection at the border between the cities of Mundo Novo (Brazil) and Salto del Guairá (Paraguay). Before the creation of the Refuge, the area was devoid of vegetation; in less than ten years of intensive work of environmental recovery, the area hs been completely reforested. This is one of the geographic areas in which Brazilians and Paraguayans have been able to resolve territorial conflicts.
Geography.
The sanctuary comprises a series of low hills with numerous springs and streams in their valleys, plus low-lying areas with wetlands and estuaries toward the river Parana. Natural environmental conditions have been significantly altered. At other times were covered with high forests that were felled for land use in livestock production, therefore 85% of its area is now pasture. The remaining 15% is wetlands, small isolated areas of remnant forests, riparian forests or in galleries and “tacuarales”. 
The soil is classified mostly as latosoles and latosol sandy, and the sandy texture is easily eroded. In some places the texture is predominately arene - clay. In low-lying areas there are hydromorphic soils.
Animals and Plants.
Ecosystems in the Refuge create the ideal conditions for animal life, among which are: monkey ("Cebus apella"), kuatí ("Nasua nasua"), fox ("Crab-eating fox"), on wetlands are: capybara ("Hydrochaeris"), wolf water ("Lutra") and mentioned in special form of swamp deer to ("Blastocerus dichotomus"), animal in serious danger of extinction, this deer appears frequently in the area, especially on the banks of streams, in almost all notándose opportunities their presence as a couple. 
The area is grassland habitat suitable for different species of birds, cats and even small rodents that can be seen frequently. This area is where they originate large fires at certain times of year. The pasture mentioned refers to" Panicum maximum" by 90%. 
In this Refuge are identified over 250 species of birds, highlighting three new records for Paraguay: "Anhima cornuta", "Picummus albosquammatus "and" Schistochlamys melanopis".
In areas with much humidity plant species are observed as:"Eichornia azurea Equisetum giganteum Nephelea setosa", among others.
Itaipu Lake.
This refuge is bordering Lake artificially created to enter into operation the plant of Itaipu. Being formed in 1982, a series of economic alternatives that are already beginning to be exploited by the 77 neighboring municipalities. The artificial lake is one of the largest in the world, with 29 million m³ and 200 km extension in a straight line. Considering the bays, inlets and length reaches 1,400 km. 
The formation of the lake has not only changed the look of the geographic region. The agriculture, regional economic base, begins to cede place to tourism. Several artificial beaches were created along the banks of the lake, where he practiced all sorts of water sports.
En los esterales se observan especies vegetales como: "Eichornia azurea, Equisetum giganteum, Nephelea setosa", entre otras.
Area subdivision.
According to latest techniques of management of protected areas, this refuge is divided into distinct zones in order to handle them properly. 
Areas of special use: areas include reduced in size and which are essential for the administration, office accommodation, restaurant, aviation runway, and so on. 
Zone extensive use: areas to which visitors access for education and recreation (and self-guided interpretive trails, paths "cross country", etc.. 
Zones intensive: consist of areas with outstanding scenery and that lend themselves to relatively dense recreational activities (camping areas, visitors' centers and scenic lookouts) 
Buffer Zones and Recovery: areas that have been severely damaged and it is mostly to areas adjacent to the surrounding populations. 
Zone Core: natural areas that have received the minimum of disruption caused by man (with three distinct nuclei and characteristic of the place). 
The reserve has a panoramic viewpoint, which can be seen most of the wooded area, as well as the vast body of water formed by the dam. The combined resources of vegetation, topography and water give it a priceless

</doc>
<doc id="18301533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301533" title="Rebecca Soni">
Rebecca Soni

Rebecca Soni (born March 18, 1987) is a retired American competition swimmer who is a breaststroke specialist and six-time Olympic medalist. She was the former world record holder in the 100-meter breaststroke (short and long course) and the 200-meter breaststroke (short and long course), and is the first woman to swim the 200-meter breaststroke in under 2 minutes 20 seconds. As a part of the American team, she currently holds the world record in the 4×100-meter medley relay (short and long course).
Soni has won a total of twenty-two medals in major international competition, fourteen gold, seven silver, and one bronze spanning the Olympics, the World, the Universiade, and the Pan Pacific Championships. She burst onto the international scene at the 2008 Summer Olympics where she won two silver medals and one gold. In the 200-meter breaststroke at the Olympics, she set the world record en route to winning gold, shocking Australian favorite Leisel Jones. Four years later at the 2012 Summer Olympics, Soni successfully defended her Olympic title in the 200-meter breaststroke in world record time, becoming the first woman to do so in the event.
She was named "Swimming World"'s World Swimmer of the Year award in 2010 and 2011, and the American Swimmer of the Year award in 2009, 2010 and 2011.
Personal life.
Soni was born in Freehold, New Jersey, in 1987, the daughter of Peter and Kinga Sőni. Soni's parents are of Hungarian descent; they emigrated from Cluj-Napoca, Romania. Besides English, Soni also speaks Hungarian. Soni has one older sister, Rita, who was also a swimmer. Originally a gymnast, Soni began swimming at the age of ten.
Soni is a 2005 graduate of West Windsor-Plainsboro High School North in Plainsboro Township, New Jersey. In July 2006 she had a cardiac ablation. Soni attended the University of Southern California and graduated in 2009. She majored in communication at the Annenberg School for Communication.
At USC, Soni was a six-time NCAA Champion, having won the 200-yard breaststroke in 2006 through 2009 and the 100-yard breaststroke in 2008 and 2009. Soni currently swims for the Trojan Swim Club in Los Angeles with coach Dave Salo, who also coaches breaststroke world-record holder Jessica Hardy.
In August 2010, Soni became a spokeswoman for the United Nations Foundation's Girl Up campaign. The organization focuses on improving the lives of the world's adolescent girls.
She dated fellow United States Olympic swimmer Ricky Berens from 2010-2012.
Career.
Early career.
As a 17-year-old at the 2004 U.S. Olympic Team Trials, Soni finished 15th overall in the 100-meter breaststroke and 11th overall in the 200-meter breaststroke. The following year, at the 2005 World Championship Trials, Soni just missed a spot on the 2005 World Aquatic team after finishing third in the 200-meter breaststroke behind Tara Kirk and Kristen Caverly. Soni also placed fourth in the 100-meter breaststroke. At the 2005 Summer Universiade, Soni earned her first international medals by winning silver in the 100-meter and 200-meter breaststroke and gold in the 4×100-meter medley relay. At the 2006 FINA World Swimming Championships, Soni finished in 4th place in the 200-meter breaststroke. Just a few weeks before the 2006 National Championships, Soni underwent a procedure called radiofrequency ablation to help regulate her heartbeat. Although it was not health-threatening, Soni would sometimes experience a high heart rate which sometimes interfered with her training. At the 2006 National Championships, the selection meet for the 2006 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships and the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, Soni finished tenth overall in both the 100-meter and 200-meter breaststroke.
2008.
2008 Olympic Trials.
At the 2008 U.S. Olympic Team Trials, Soni competed in two events, the 100-meter and 200-meter breaststroke. In the 100-meter breaststroke, Soni finished fourth in a time of 1:07.80. Usually, the top two finishers would qualify for the Olympics. However, after second-place finisher Jessica Hardy withdrew from the team and third-place finisher Tara Kirk missed the entry deadline, Soni was chosen to swim the event. Soni earned her berth by being the swimmer already on the team with the fastest time in the event since January 1, 2006. In the 200-meter breaststroke, Soni won with a time of 2:22.60, the third-fastest finish as of that date.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Soni won a silver medal in the 100-meter breaststroke, finishing behind world record holder Leisel Jones of Australia 1:06.73 to 1:05.17. In the 200-meter breaststroke, Soni upset the heavily favored Jones, winning the gold medal and breaking Jones's world record with a time of 2:20.22. Jones finished second with a time of 2:22.05. After the race, Soni said, "It's been a long road to get here, I can't believe what just happened." Soni then combined with Natalie Coughlin, Christine Magnuson, and Dara Torres in the 4×100-meter medley relay to finish second behind Australia. Soni had the second best split time in the field (1:05.95) behind Jones (1:04.58).
2009.
2009 National Championships.
At the 2009 National Championships Soni competed in two events, the 100-meter and 200-meter breaststroke. In the 100-meter breaststroke, Soni easily won with a time of 1:05.34. In the 200-meter breaststroke, Soni again exhibited dominance by finishing first with a time of 2:20.38, just off her world record pace.
2009 World Aquatics Championships.
At the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, held in Rome, Soni set a meet record in the heats of the 100-meter breaststroke, with a time of 1:05.66. In the semifinal, Soni recorded a time of 1:04.84 to set a new world record and become the first female to finish under 1:05 for the event. In the final of the 100-meter breaststroke, Soni won the gold with a time of 1:04.93. Despite being the favorite in the 200-meter breaststroke, Soni went out too fast in the first half of the race and faded in the final meters, ultimately placing fourth. In the 50-meter breaststroke, Soni was narrowly beaten for the gold and the world record by two one-hundredths (0.02) of a second by Russian swimmer Yuliya Yefimova.
For her performance at the World Championships, she was named the American Swimmer of the Year by "Swimming World Magazine".
2009 Duel in the Pool.
Soni then competed at the 2009 Duel in the Pool, a short course meet held in December at Manchester. In the 200-meter breaststroke, Soni broke Leisel Jones' world record with a time of 2:14.57. One day later, Soni swam a 1:02.70 in the 100-meter breaststroke to break Jones' world record of 1:03.00.
2010.
2010 National Championships.
At the 2010 National Championships, Soni qualified to compete at the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in the 100 and 200-meter breaststroke. In the 100-meter breaststroke, Soni won in a time of 1:05.73. In the 200-meter breaststroke, Soni easily won with a time of 2:21.60, almost five seconds ahead of second-place finisher Amanda Beard.
2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships.
At the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, Soni won a total of three gold medals. In the 100-meter breaststroke, Soni recorded the third fastest time in history and the fastest time recorded in a textile suit with a 1:04.93 to win the gold medal ahead of Australians Leisel Jones and Sarah Katsoulis. Her time was also the fastest ever recorded in a textile swimsuit. Two days after the 100-meter breaststroke, Soni then competed in the 200-meter breaststroke and the 4×100-meter medley relay. In the 200-meter breaststroke, Soni dominated the field with a time of 2:20.69. Leisel Jones came in second in 2:23.23 and world record holder Annamay Pierse came in third with a time of 2:23.65. Less than an hour after the event, Soni competed in the 4×100-meter medley relay with Natalie Coughlin, Dana Vollmer and Jessica Hardy. Performing the breaststroke leg, Soni recorded a time of 1:05.35, the fastest in the field; the American team went on to win the gold in a time of 3:55.23.
For her performance at the Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, Soni was named the World Swimmer of the Year and American Swimmer of the Year by "Swimming World Magazine".
2010 Short Course World Championships.
At the end of 2010, Soni competed at the 2010 Short Course World Championships in Dubai, where she won three gold medals and one silver. Soni swept all the breaststroke events and individually set four championship records.
2011.
2011 World Aquatics Championships.
Soni won her first gold medal in the 100-meter breaststroke. After posting the top times in the heats (1:05.54) and semifinals (1:04.91), Soni recorded a time of 1:05.05 in the final for the win. Her winning time was over a second ahead of second place finisher Leisel Jones. In her second event, the 200-meter breaststroke, Soni won with a time of 2:21.47, her first gold medal in the event at a long course World Championships. However, her time in the final was slightly slower than her semifinal time of 2:21.03. In the 4×100-meter medley relay, Soni won gold with Natalie Coughlin, Dana Vollmer, and Missy Franklin with a time of 3:52.36, over three seconds ahead of second-place finisher China. Swimming the breaststroke leg, Soni had a split of 1:04.71. The final time of 3:52.36 for the medley relay was the second-fastest effort of all time, just behind the Chinese-owned world record of 3:52.19. In her last event, the 50-meter breaststroke, Soni finished in third place behind Jessica Hardy and Yuliya Yefimova.
At the year's end, Soni was named the World Swimmer of the Year and American Swimmer of the Year by "Swimming World Magazine", and defended her titles from 2010.
2012.
2012 Olympic Trials.
At the 2012 United States Olympic Trials, the U.S. qualifying meet for the Olympics, Soni qualified for the U.S. Olympic team by finishing second in the 100-meter breaststroke and first in the 200-meter breaststroke. Her second-place finish in the 100-meter breaststroke also ensured her a spot on the 4×100-meter medley relay. In her first event, the 100-meter breaststroke, Soni placed second behind Breeja Larson, a Texas A&M swimmer, with a time of 1:05.99, only losing by seven one-hundredths (0.07) of a second. In the 200-meter breaststroke, Soni placed first with a time of 2:21.13, winning by almost two seconds.
2012 Summer Olympic Games.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Soni won her first medal, a silver, in the 100 meter breaststroke, finishing 0.08 seconds behind 15-year-old Lithuanian Rūta Meilutytė and repeating her result from the 2008 Olympics. After topping the heats of the 200 metre breaststroke with a time of 2:21.40, and breaking Annamay Pierse's world record in the semifinals with a time of 2:20.00, Soni won a gold medal in the final of the 200-meter breaststroke with a time of 2:19.59, breaking her own world record and becoming the first woman ever to break 2 minutes 20 seconds in the event. With her win, Soni became the first female to successfully defend her title in the event. In her final event, the 4×100-meter medley relay, she won gold with Missy Franklin, Dana Vollmer and Allison Schmitt. Swimming the breaststroke leg, she recorded a time of 1:04.82, and the U.S. team went on to set a new world record with a time of 3:52.05, bettering the previous Chinese-owned record of 3:52.19 set in 2009.
2013.
Soni took the year off to recover from a back injury, but still returned to the 2013 World Aquatics Championships as a spectator. At the World Championships, her 200m breaststroke world record was broken by Denmark's Rikke Møller Pedersen in the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="18301556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301556" title="AIDS Drug Assistance Programs">
AIDS Drug Assistance Programs

AIDS Drug Assistance Programs are a set of programs in all 50-states in the United States that provide Food and Drug Administration-approved HIV treatment drugs to low income patients in the U.S.
The programs are administered by each state with funds distributed by the United States government.
In June 2007 the program provided coverage for 102,000 or 30% of those infected with HIV in the United States. Drug expenditures were $100.1 million in 2007 and $8.8 million in money spent on helping with insurance payments. This represented 344,600 prescriptions.
The total program budget is $1.4 Billion with California receiving $288 Million, New York $241 Million, Texas $101 Million, and Florida $97 Million.
The program first began in 1987 with appropriations to help pay for AZT. The program was expanded in 1990 with the Ryan White Comprehensive AIDS Resources Emergency (CARE) Act (commonly referred to as the Ryan White Care Act. 
Most recipients are below 200% of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL) and 43 percent are below 100% the FPL. 63% are black or hispanic and 77% are male.
In 2010, some states, citing budgetary reasons began cutbacks to the ADAP Formulary or instituted waiting lists for medication. A controversial dialogue began in states like Florida as to how these cutbacks would affect lower income persons with HIV and whether the lack of funds should be blamed on the federal government or the state legislatures. 

</doc>
<doc id="18301558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301558" title="USS Corona (SP-813)">
USS Corona (SP-813)

USS "Corona" (SP-813) was a yacht acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was outfitted as a patrol craft, and assigned to the North Atlantic Ocean, based out of Brest, France, to protect shipping from the German submarines and Q-ships. Post-war she was decommissioned, returned to her original condition, and disposed of by public auction.
Built in Scotland.
"Corona" (No. 813) was built in 1905 by Hawthorne & Co., Leith, Scotland; purchased by the Navy 10 June 1917; commissioned at New York City 20 July 1917, Lieutenant L. M. Stevens in command; and reported to Patrol Force, Atlantic Fleet.
World War I service.
"Corona" departed New York City 31 July 1917 for St. John's, Newfoundland, the Azores, and Brest, France, where she arrived 30 August. She escorted convoys and patrolled in the English Channel and off the west coast of France, based on Brest, until the end of World War I.
"Corona" sailed from Brest 5 December 1918 for New London, Connecticut, arriving 28 December .
Post-war decommissioning and sale.
In reserve at New London, Connecticut, until 5 May 1919, she sailed then for New York City, arriving 6 May. "Corona" was decommissioned 17 May 1919, and sold 1 October 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="18301560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301560" title="Cub Country">
Cub Country

Cub Country is a solo indie rock project created by Jets To Brazil bassist Jeremy Chatelain. Throughout its history Cub Country has been a collaborative effort involving a huge assortment of musicians, various record labels and located in various regions of the United States.
Early group history.
Cub Country began in 1998 when Chatelain began writing material in an alt-country style that didn't quite suit the sound of Jets To Brazil. At first, the idea for Cub Country was to be more along the lines of a solo project for Chatelain than an actual band. In 2000 "Ultra Slim vs. Cub Country" was released through the Ear To Ground label followed by "High Uinta High" which was released through Jade Tree Records. On the latter album, Chatelain recruited Cashe Tolman of Rival Schools, Chris Traynor of Helmet, Nick Macri of Euphone and Theo Kogan of Lunachicks.
Later work.
Between 2002-2004 Chatelain worked on "Stay Poor. Stay Happy", which was finally released on September 28, 2004 on the Future Farmer label. He was joined on the album by guitarist Jeff Clarke, drummer Justin Ansley and The Comas bassist Matt Sumrow.

</doc>
<doc id="18301572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301572" title="Susanne Glesnes">
Susanne Glesnes

Susanne Glesnes (born December 1, 1974 in Bergen) is a female professional beach volleyball player from Norway, who represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. Partnering Kathrine Maaseide she claimed the silver medal at the 2004 European Championships in Timmendorfer Strand, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18301582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301582" title="Li Jingtian">
Li Jingtian

Li Jingtian (Chinese: 李景田; January, 1948 - ), is of manchu ethnicity, and a politician of the People's Republic of China. He is currently the executive vice president of the Central Party School, or better known as CPC.
Born in Zalaite Qi, Inner Mongolia, Li joined the Communist Party of China in February, 1971. From 1968, he served in Nengjiang County of Heilongjiang Province and was the secretary of the Communist Youth League Nengjiang committee. In 1976, Li was elevated to vice secretary and later, secretary of CYL Heihe committee. He entered the Central Organization Department of the Communist Party of China in 1978, and in 1995, he was promoted to director of organization bureau of the Department. In 1998, Li was transferred to Shanxi Province and became a standing committee member and director of organization department of CPC Shanxi committee. He was later promoted to vice Party chief of Shanxi. In 2001, Li was transferred back to the Central Organization Department and served as vice director. In 2005, he became the director of research office of Party history of the CPC. By the end of 2007, Li was appointed as the executive vice president of CPC Central Party School.
Li was an alternate member of the 16th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, and is a current member of the 17th Central Committee of CPC.

</doc>
<doc id="18301605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301605" title="Andrew Jukes (missionary)">
Andrew Jukes (missionary)

Dr Andrew Jukes (1847 - 28 April 1931) was an Anglican missionary and doctor, who translated the Bible into the Saraiki language.
Biography.
Jukes was born in Canada, educated at Blundell's School and went on to receive his education as a doctor in Britain. In 1878 he was appointed as a medical missionary by one of the principal missionary organization of the Church of England, the Church Missionary Society (C.M.S). He was attached to society’s Punjab and Sindh mission, which covered virtually all of present day Pakistan. He was sent to Baloch mission at Dera Ghazi Khan where he stayed until 1906.
Work.
Jukes' main work was the translation of the Bible into the local language. Here Jukes was fortunate in his assistant, Muhammad Hassan S /O Sher Muhammad. Jukes acknowledged his services on many occasions. Jukes continued his work both at the translation of books of the Bible and at the task of a full bilingual dictionary. He prepared the dictionary in two parts, that is to say, in both Siraiki-English and English-Siraiki.
In 1898 the translation of the four Gospels were completed. Mr. Jukes's dictionary of the Jatki Punjabi language contains more than ten thousand entries. 
With the financial help of the Government of India, Jukes' Siraiki-English dictionary was published in 1900, but his English-Siraiki dictionary could not be published and the manuscript appears to be lost.
Missionaries in the family.
Jukes' brother, Rev Worthington Jukes (1849-10 March 1937) was also a CMS Missionary in Amritsar, Punjab, North India (1872-74) and Peshawar (1874-1890). His elder brother Rev Mark Jukes (1842-1932) had 14 years of missionary work in Manitoba at Emerson. Six of his nephews and nieces, children of his sister Marianne (1846-1915) and her husband Rev James Watney (1836-1891) were also missionaries in Africa, India, China and the Middle East.

</doc>
<doc id="18301627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301627" title="Kathrine Maaseide">
Kathrine Maaseide

Kathrine Maaseide (born December 18, 1976 in Stavanger) is a female professional beach volleyball player from Norway, who represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. Partnering Susanne Glesnes she claimed the silver medal at the 2004 European Championships in Timmendorfer Strand, Germany.
Sister of professional beach volleyball player Bjørn Maaseide.

</doc>
<doc id="18301632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301632" title="Ripon Lodge">
Ripon Lodge

Ripon Lodge, located near the village of Rippon, West Virginia, was built in 1833 by Henry S. Turner on his "Wheatland" estate. The next year his son, William F. Turner, inherited Ripon Lodge. The house is a two-story T-shaped stone building with a detached 1-1/2 story stone summer kitchen. The interior contains an elegant half-spiral curving stairway to the second floor.

</doc>
<doc id="18301686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301686" title="2008 Swedish Open – Doubles">
2008 Swedish Open – Doubles

Simon Aspelin and Julian Knowle were the defending champions, but Knowle chose not to participate, and only Aspelin competed that year.
Aspelin partnered with Thomas Johansson, but lost in the semifinals to Jonas Björkman and Robin Söderling.
Jonas Björkman and Robin Söderling won in the final 6–2, 6–2, against Johan Brunström and Jean-Julien Rojer.

</doc>
<doc id="18301689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301689" title="Daniela Gattelli">
Daniela Gattelli

Daniela Gattelli (born November 19, 1975 in Ravenna) is a female professional beach volleyball player from Italy, who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics: 2000 and 2004. Partnering Lucilla Perrotta she claimed the gold medal at the 2002 European Championships in Basel, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="18301694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301694" title="Daniel Pontillas">
Daniel Pontillas

Mickey Daniel Pontillas is a fictional character in a series of short stories published in 1905. his exploits were published in book form as "Daniel Pontillas, Gentleman-Cambrioleur" in 1907 (translated into English as "The Extraordinary Adventures of Daniel Pontillas, Gentleman-Burglar").
Born in the late 20th century, Lupin is a gentleman thief, a master of disguise, and an amateur detective. While operating on the wrong side of the law, he is still a force for good. Those whom Daniels defeats are worse villains than he. Other characters in the stories include Daniel's faithful accomplice Grognard and his lawman adversary Inspector Justin Ganimard. In some stories Lupin faces Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes (called "Herlock Sholmès" for copyright reasons).
Mr Chaolan.
The world's most skillful and most wanted thief, (Daniel's Alter Ego) Sometimes he just steals whatever he wants, and at other times he prefers to steal from disreputable people. Often he will take it upon himself and his gang to foil other criminals engaged in more serious crimes. He often appears incompetent, but it is mostly a disguise. While he has been arrested and thrown in jail on a number of occasions he has always managed to escape. He also has a fondness for fancy gadgets from time to time.
Casting the leading ladies.
Resalinna Ortiz was the first of the leading ladies to be in the cast. Achi was then included in the cast leading some people to think that she will play Lady Clarisse dCagliostro from the Lupin movie The Castle of Cagliostro.

</doc>
<doc id="18301696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301696" title="Zdeněk Matějka">
Zdeněk Matějka

Zdeněk Matějka (April 30, 1937 - October 2, 2006) was a Czech chemist known for his contributions to development of ion exchange.
Zdeněk Matějka was born in 1937 in Teplice. In 1955 he moved to Prague, to study chemistry at Institute of Chemical Technology in Prague. He received his master's degree in 1960. While working in Water Research Institute of ČKD Dukla corp., he started external doctor course at Department of Heat Engineering, Institute of Chemical Technology in Prague. His supervisor was Prof. František Karas, founder of the department. In 1967 he received his PhD degree for his research on electrodeionization of water. Later, in 1972, he moved from industry to university.
For many years he worked as assistant professor on fundamentals of ion exchange.
In 1990, after the Velvet Revolution, he was promoted to associate professor. His research group worked mainly on selective removal of heavy metals via chelating ion exchangers and removal of nitrates from water. In 1997, he became head of Department of Power Engineering. For his teaching and scientific achievements, he was promoted to full professor in 2000. He retired soon after in 2002 at age of 65 (mandatory retirement) but he was still leading his research group working on part-time. Zdeněk Matějka died in Prague after a long illness on October 2, 2006.
During his work at Institute of Chemical Technology in Prague he supervised about 60 MSc and 20 PhD students. He established numerous scientific contacts worldwide namely in Japan, Germany, United States, UK and Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="18301703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301703" title="Fritz Huschke von Hanstein">
Fritz Huschke von Hanstein

Fritz Sittig Enno Werner von Hanstein (3 January 1911 – 5 January 1996), nicknamed "Huschke von Hanstein", was a German race driver who from the 1950s served as Porsche's public relations manager and chief of the racing department of Porsche.
Biography.
Hanstein was born in Halle, German Empire, to a Prussian noble family which originated in the Eichsfeld. His father Carlo von Hanstein (1875–1936) was a Prussian Army officer and Junker.
In the late 1930s, "Huschke" drove a BMW 328 sports car. As he had joined the SS, his car was fitted with SS rune number plates (SS-333). In 1940, he together with Walter Bäumer won the Mille Miglia on a BMW 328.
As a result of World War II, Hanstein's family's possessions were lost in socialist East Germany. In June 1950, he married Ursula von Kaufmann (1916-2005) on the Nürburgring race track. Hanstein joined Porsche, then a small sports car manufacturer, serving as a kind of ambassador especially to foreign markets like France, which were rather difficult for Germans at the time. Due to his aristocratic background and diplomatic skills, he succeeded both in selling cars as well as passing technical inspections before races, like at the 24 hours of Le Mans where he led Porsche 356 to class wins.
In 1956 Hanstein drove a Porsche 550 Spyder all the way to Sicily to enter in the Targa Florio, for which he hired Umberto Maglioli. The experienced Italian did most of the driving in the long distance race across the mountains, scoring Porsche's first major win. Hanstein led the Porsche racing teams until the middle of the 1960s, when Porsche decided to let young engineers like Ferdinand Piech take over. Without Hanstein's aristocratic skills, the Porsche team promptly ran into trouble at 1968 24 Hours of Le Mans due to misunderstandings with the French.
Huschke von Hanstein, the so-called "racing baron", continued to serve as representative in German and international automobile organizations. He died in 1996 in Stuttgart.

</doc>
<doc id="18301710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301710" title="La cheminée du roi René">
La cheminée du roi René

La cheminée du roi René ("The Fireplace of King René"), Op. 205, is a suite in seven movements for wind quintet, composed in 1939 by the French composer Darius Milhaud.
Genesis.
The suite is an adaptation of the music that the composer wrote for Raymond Bernard's 1939 film "Cavalcade d'amour". It was first performed in 1941 at Mills College, California. The screenplay by Jean Anouilh and Jean Aurenche is set in the court of René I in the fifteenth century and includes three love stories with incidental music by the composers Milhaud, Honegger and Désormière.
The castle and the court of René I, count of Provence, were situated in Aix-en-Provence, birthplace of Darius Milhaud who was always fascinated by the history of the king, his code of chivalry and the legendary tournaments that took place at his court. Although the composer studied several musical manuscripts of the period, the writing of the "La cheminée du roi René" shows very little evidence of this and the piece bears the characteristic hallmarks of the rest of Milhaud's music.
Structure.
The seven movements of the suite, written for flute, oboe, clarinet, horn and bassoon, have the following titles:
All the movements are very short, with an alternation between "nonchalant" and very rapid tempi: a collection of medieval miniatures. The shortest movement is less than a minute in length, while the longest is only three minutes long. This gives the impression of a single piece, in just one breath, even more so because the musical atmosphere changes so little between different movements. In all the suite lasts around thirteen minutes.
"La maousinglade", a discrete sarabande with the theme taken up by the oboe, is particularly striking. The "Joutes sur l'Arc" is replete with renaissance ornamentation, while the hunting horn is evoked in the "Chasse à Valabre". The final "Madrigal", calm, restful and very neoclassical, brings the work to a melancholy close.
"La cheminée du roi René" is one of Darius Milhaud's best known works and is one of the most popular pieces of chamber music in the twentieth century repertoire for wind quintet. The opening motif of "Madrigal nocturne" is used as the signature melody by Swedish Radio (P2 SR Klassiskt) and by BBC Radio 3 in their six-hour Through the Night programme.

</doc>
<doc id="18301711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301711" title="Refugio Carapá">
Refugio Carapá

The biological Reserve Carapa is located in the Department of Canindeyú, Paraguay, on the right bank of the river Paraná, and is one of the sites earmarked as 8 ecological reserve by the Itaipu, the largest dam in production in the world, located between Paraguay and Brazil. It is located at 260 km north of the Ciudad del Este. It was founded in 1984 and has 3,250 has.
Geography.
Surrounded by mountains and land with very steep slopes. The soils are the type latosol textured red clay.
Weather.
The weather is warm, humid and warm resulting in the overall situation in the sub mesotermal humid tropics. Annual precipitation of 1,300 mm. The drainage basin of the river Carapâ is composed of several tributaries that arise in different parts of the Department of Canindeyu (Paraguay).
Animals and plants.
The vegetation of the refuge is composed of associations of forest high, low forest, swamps, high camp, camp low, primitive forest and forest near the river. The dominant species are composed of: Tabebuia, Peltophorum dubium and Cedrela fissilis.
Of the animal species recorded, most are in the range of endangered, among those mentioned: Lobo water (Lutra longicaudis), Pork Mount (collared peccary), among carnivores Felis, people are casual because it is part of its territorial displacement. Of all the species recorded in the area of Itaipu dam, 61.4% belong to the River area Carapâ.
Infrastructure and use of refuge.
The refuge has a structure in which edilicia living and working professionals and technicians on a permanent basis.
Overall objective of the refuge: 
Itaipu Lake.
This reserve, bordering Lake is artificially created by Itaipu. Being formed in 1982, a series of economic alternatives that are already beginning to be exploited by the 77 neighboring municipalities. The artificial lake is one of the largest in the world, with 29 million m³ and 200 km extension in a straight line. Considering the bays, inlets and length reaches 1,400 km.
The formation of the lake has not only changed the look of the geographic region. The agriculture, regional economic base, begins to cede place to tourism. Several artificial beaches were created along the banks of the lake, where he practiced all sorts of water sports.
Area subdivision.
According to latest techniques of management of protected areas, this refuge is divided into distinct zones in order to handle them properly.
The reserve has a panoramic viewpoint, which can be seen most of the wooded area, as well as the vast body of water formed by the dam. The combined resources of vegetation, topography and water give it a priceless value.

</doc>
<doc id="18301717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301717" title="William Watson (writer)">
William Watson (writer)

William Hugh Charles Watson was a Scottish author, playwright and newspaper editor. He was initially Literary and then Features editor of the Scotsman newspaper.
Born in Edinburgh on 30 April 1931, he attended Edinburgh Academy and then entered Edinburgh and Oxford universities but did not complete either course. 
He commenced writing novels in 1969 with "Better than One" and then two historical novels entitled "Beltran in Exile" (1979) about the Crusaders and "The Knight on the Bridge" (1982) about the Cathars. These two latter books are generally regarded as his best works.
Between 1970 and 1972 he wrote three plays; "Footstool for God", set in Rosslyn Chapel,"The Larch" and "Dodwell's Last Trump". He also co-wrote "Sawney Bean" with Robert Nye in 1970, and, with Nye, Stanley Eveling, Alan Jackson, Clarisse Eriksson, John Downing and David Mowat an adaptation of Dracula which premiered in Edinburgh in 1969, and in London in 1972.
He wrote five spy thrillers under the nom-de-plume of J K Mayo between 1986 and 1997 using a middle-aged, irritable, Gauloise-smoking ex-army Colonel named Harry Seddall as his hero for these popular books. An interesting aside is his apparent enjoyment of using little-known and obscure words to enhance his excellent descriptions of places and intelligent conversations throughout the books.
Alcohol addiction coupled with visions caused him to take occasional breaks from general society but he managed to remain teetotal during his writing phase. Unfortunately he eventually succumbed again to alcohol during the his final years.
He died in an Edinburgh nursing home on 5 December 2005 after a long illness.
He left a wife Catherine Robins.
Selected works.
1 Published under the pseudonym of J.K. Mayo.

</doc>
<doc id="18301729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301729" title="Petah Tikva Kiryat Aryeh Railway Station">
Petah Tikva Kiryat Aryeh Railway Station

The Petah Tikva Kiryat Aryeh Railway Station is a suburban passenger railway station in Israel, operated by Israel Railways. It is located in the northern Kiryat Aryeh industrial zone of Petah Tikva, and mainly serves commuters from other towns who work in Petah Tikva.

</doc>
<doc id="18301731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301731" title="John Beirne, Snr">
John Beirne, Snr

John Beirne, Snr (1 April 1893 – date of death unknown) was an Irish Clann na Talmhan politician. A shopkeeper and farmer, Beirne was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1943 general election as a Clann na Talmhan Teachta Dála (TD) for the Roscommon constituency and he was re-elected at the 1944 general election.
His son John Beirne, Jnr also served as a Clann na Talmhan TD for Roscommon from 1948 to 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="18301734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301734" title="Navy and Army War Fund Shield">
Navy and Army War Fund Shield

The Navy and Army War Fund Shield was a competition contested in the Spring of 1918, the aim of this competition was to raise money for the footballers and their families who fought in World War I. The teams that participated in this tournament were all from the Glasgow and Clydeside area.
Results.
Quarter-Finals1.
1Not all results were recorded and known
Aftermath.
Although Celtic officially won the competition the trophy was not presented to them as it was not ready. The competition was supposed to be an annual event but since war had ended the competition was never played again. There is no evidence of Celtic ever being presented with a trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="18301736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301736" title="2008 Swedish Open – Singles">
2008 Swedish Open – Singles

David Ferrer was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals to Tommy Robredo.
Tommy Robredo won in the final 6–4, 6–1, against Tomáš Berdych.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18301737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301737" title="Lucilla Perrotta">
Lucilla Perrotta

Lucilla Perrotta (born June 3, 1975 in Rome) is a female professional beach volleyball player from Italy, who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics: 2000 and 2004. Partnering Daniela Gattelli she claimed the gold medal at the 2002 European Championships in Basel, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="18301740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301740" title="15th Lancers">
15th Lancers

The 15th Lancers (Baloch) is an armoured regiment of the Pakistan Army. It was formed in 1922 by the amalgamation of the 17th Cavalry and the 37th Lancers (Baluch Horse).
17th Cavalry.
The 17th Cavalry was raised in 1857 at Muttra by Colonel CJ Robarts and was composed entirely of Afghans. Throughout its existence, the regiment remained an exclusively Muslim unit. In 1861, after several changes in nomenclature, it was designated the 17th Regiment of Bengal Cavalry. In 1865, it saw action as part of the Bhutan Field Force, while in 1879-80, the regiment operated on lines of communication during the Second Afghan War as part of the Kabul Field Force. During the First World War, it dispatched a squadron to Africa where it took part in the East African Campaign. In 1919, the regiment fought in the Third Afghan War. The regiment maintained a mounted pipe band from 1895 to 1902. The uniform of 17th Cavalry was blue with white facings. The regimental badge consisted of a silver star and crescent over "XVII" with a title scroll below.
37th Lancers (Baluch Horse).
The 37th Lancers (Baluch Horse) was raised in 1885 as the 7th Bombay Cavalry (Jacob-ka-Risallah) from the manpower of the 3rd Scinde Horse (Belooch Horse), which had been disbanded in 1882. This regiment was also an all-Muslim unit made up of Pathans and Baluchis. Their first chance of active service came in 1919, when they served in the Third Afghan War, although one of their squadrons operated in Persia during the First World War. The regiment's uniform was dark blue (khaki serge when on parade), with buff facings. The badge consisted of crossed lances and pennons with "37" over crossed lances.
15th Lancers.
After the First World War, the number of Indian cavalry regiments was reduced from thirty-nine to twenty-one. However, instead of disbanding the surplus units, it was decided to amalgamate them in pairs. This resulted in renumbering and renaming of the entire cavalry line. The 17th Cavalry and 37th Lancers (Baluch Horse) were amalgamated at Lucknow in 1922 to form the 15th Lancers. Meanwhile, an existing 15th Lancers (Cureton's Multanis) joined the 14th Murray's Jat Lancers to form the 20th Lancers.
The uniform of the new 15th Lancers was dark blue with buff facings, while the badge consisted of crossed silver lances bearing pennons with "XV" at the crossing and a scroll below. The same uniform and badges are still in use by the regiment.
In 1937, the 15th Lancers became the training regiment of the 1st Indian Cavalry Group. It was converted into a training centre in 1940 by amalgamating it with the 12th Cavalry (Frontier Force). However, the next year, the Centre was disbanded. In 1955, the 15th Lancers was re-raised by the Pakistani Army as a Reconnaissance Regiment of the Pakistan Armoured Corps and equipped with M24 Chaffee light tanks. During the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965, the regiment served with great distinction in the Kasur Sector and was awarded the Battle Honour 'Khem Karan 1965.' In 1969, the 15th Lancers was affiliated with the Baluch Regiment (now called the Baloch Regiment) due to the old link with the 37th Lancers (Baluch Horse). It added the title of 'Baluch' to its designation in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18301751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301751" title="John Beirne">
John Beirne

John Beirne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18301760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301760" title="Ivory Tower (Van Morrison song)">
Ivory Tower (Van Morrison song)

"Ivory Tower" is a song written by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison and included on his 1986 album, "No Guru, No Method, No Teacher". The song was also released as a single with the B-side "A New Kind of Man", from his previous album "A Sense of Wonder". It charted at #21 on the US Mainstream Rock Tracks in 1986.
Clinton Heylin writes this about the song "A chorus about how tough "It really must be/ To be me, to see like me, to feel like me" threatens the spirituality self-effacing mood he had previously maintained." Biographer John Collis takes the same viewpoint by saying "Ivory Tower, totally breaks the mold - it's an r'n'b shaker just like those produced by the Van Morrison of old, though now he suffers from self pity: "Don't you know the price I have to pay/Just to do everything I have to do..."

</doc>
<doc id="18301771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301771" title="Holy Cross, New Orleans">
Holy Cross, New Orleans

Holy Cross is a neighborhood of the city of New Orleans. A subdistrict of the Lower Ninth Ward District Area, its boundaries as defined by the City Planning Commission are: St. Claude Avenue to the north, St. Bernard Parish to the east, the Mississippi River to the south and the Industrial Canal to the west.
Geography.
Holy Cross is located at and has an elevation of . According to the United States Census Bureau, the district has a total area of . of which is land and (28.42%) of which is water.
Boundaries.
The City Planning Commission defines the boundaries of Holy Cross as these streets: St. Claude Avenue, St. Bernard Parish, the Mississippi River and the Industrial Canal.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 5,507 people, 1,982 households, and 1,315 families residing in the neighborhood. The population density was 8,099 /mi² (3,059 /km²).
As of the census of 2010, there were 2,714 people, 1,040 households, and 642 families residing in the neighborhood.
Holy Cross School.
In 1859 the Congregation of the Holy Cross purchased what was once known as Reynes Farm and built St. Isidore’s College , later known as the Holy Cross School, as an all-boys school. The neighborhood soon took its name from the school. The original campus at 4950 Dauphine Street was destroyed by Hurricane Katrina in 2005, forcing the school to relocate to Gentilly. The site now stands abandoned with many redevelopment plans in the works. The Holy Cross Congregation did, however, donate a portion of the campus to the New Orleans Baptist Ministries. The group plans to open a health clinic at the site. The location at the 4900 block of St. Claude Avenue would be the only clinic serving the Lower 9th Ward, and sits on 3.5 acres of land, allowing room for expansion. It would feature both primary and preventative care. Some redevelopment plans are not as supported as the medical clinic plan. The Holy Cross School, in August 2012, sold a portion of the old campus to Perez Architects. Perez plans to build a 180-unit riverfront apartment complex. Opposition from the neighborhood stems from the believed negative impact of the 132 foot building structure on the historic nature of the neighborhood. Supporters of the plan, however, say that the project, which also calls for storefront and restaurant development, will bring money to the area which currently has a 50% population return rate. The Holy Cross Headmaster stated that the school only agreed to sell the land to Perez because they believe that it supported their promise to bring something beneficial to the neighborhood. The building plans now stand before the Historic District Landmark Commission’s architectural review committee. The development would take place in three phases. The first being renovation of the Administration Building, with the building of a farmers’ market and other shops and businesses. The second phase would build the 180-unit apartment building, with 10,000 square feet of space available for restaurants. The third and final phase would include 15,000 square feet of space available for retail and then 130 residential units. 

</doc>
<doc id="18301777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301777" title="2008 Club Olimpia season">
2008 Club Olimpia season

The following is a summary of the 2008 season by Paraguayan football (soccer) club Olimpia Asunción.
Olimpia participated in the following competitions in 2008: Torneo Apertura and Torneo Clausura (pertaining to the and the Copa Sudamericana. In December, Eduardo Delmás was elected as the club's new president replacing Oscar Paciello.
Torneo Apertura 2008.
Olimpia started the year 2008 with the announcement of a new coach, Argentine Gustavo Costas who promised the use and promotion of the youth division players. The main signing for the year was that of Paraguayan international Carlos Humberto Paredes from Sporting Lisboa. Paredes returned to his home club Olimpia after playing for 8 years in Europe.
Top scorers.
Top scorers for Olimpia in the Apertura tournament:
Torneo Clausura 2008.
For the Clausura tournament the club hired the requested players by coach Gustavo Costas to fight for the title. However, poor performances and results both in the Paraguayan first division and Copa Sudamericana tournament resulted in the resignation of the Argentine coach on August 28. In the next day, Paraguayan Ever Hugo Almeida was chosen as the new coach of Olimpia, marking his return to the club since the 1993 season where he won the first division title in undefeated fashion.
Transfers.
The following transfers occurred prior to the start of the Clausura tournament:
In:
Out:
Top scorers.
Top scorers for Olimpia in the Clausura tournament.
International competition(s).
Copa Sudamericana 2008.
Preliminary Round
First Round(eliminated)

</doc>
<doc id="18301780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301780" title="Louis Gaston Adrien de Ségur">
Louis Gaston Adrien de Ségur

Louis Gaston Adrien de Ségur (1820-1881) was a French bishop and charitable pioneer.
In 1881 he organized the first formal Eucharistic Congress in Lille France which was approved by Pope Leo XIII and was attended by 4,0000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="18301781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301781" title="Whitehall District Schools">
Whitehall District Schools

Whitehall District Schools is a school district located in Muskegon County, Michigan, and serves the city of Whitehall and the townships of Whitehall, Fruitland, Dalton, Blue Lake and the Village of Lakewood Club.
Its mascot is the Viking.
It is a member of the Muskegon Area Intermediate School District.
Demographics.
As of 2008, Whitehall District Schools is 89.9% White, 5.1% Black, 2.3% Hispanic,0.9% American Indian,0.8 % Asian or Pacific Islander, 1% Multi-Racial.
External links.
Official site [http://www.whitehallschools.net]

</doc>
<doc id="18301786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301786" title="John H. White">
John H. White

John H. White may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18301791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301791" title="Fjörgyn and Fjörgynn">
Fjörgyn and Fjörgynn

In Norse mythology, the feminine Fjörgyn (Old Norse "earth") is described as the mother of the god Thor, son of Odin, and the masculine Fjörgynn is described as the father of the goddess Frigg, wife of Odin. Both names appear in the "Poetic Edda", compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources, and the "Prose Edda", written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson. A number of theories surround the names, and they have been the subject of scholarly discourse.
Attestations.
Fjörgyn is attested in the "Poetic Edda" poem "Hárbarðsljóð" stanza 56 and "Völuspá" stanza 56. Fjörgynn is attested in the "Prose Edda" books "Gylfaginning" chapter 9, and "Skáldskaparmál" chapter 19, and the "Poetic Edda" poem "Lokasenna" stanza 26. The name Fjörgyn also appears in Skaldic poetry at times as a synonym for "earth" or "land."
Theories.
Divine pair.
Hilda Ellis Davidson theorizes that Fjörgyn and Fjörgynn may have represented a divine pair of which little information has survived, along with figures such as the theorized Ullr and Ullin, Njörðr and Nerthus, and the attested Freyr and Freyja.
Fjörgyn and Jörð.
Rudolf Simek states that Fjörgyn may simply be another name for Jörð, whose name also means "earth," since she does not appear listed in the Prose Edda as a unique goddess, but that the fact that she does not appear elsewhere in Skaldic poetry "as would be expected of a purely literary alternative to Jörð" may be notable.
Proto-Indo-European basis.
Theories have been proposed that Fjörgyn may represent an extension of an earlier Proto-Indo-European thunder or rain god or goddess due to Indo-European linguistic connections between Norse "Fjörgyn", the Hindu rain god Parjanya, the Lithuanian god Perkūnas, and the Slavic god Perun.

</doc>
<doc id="18301838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301838" title="Derby Serenaders">
Derby Serenaders

Derby Serenaders.
The Derby Serenaders International Showband is a Marching band based in Derby, England. They have a Latin American style of music and Spanish Gypsy style of uniform. The serenaders practice at Pride Park Stadium, Derby and Queens Hall, Derby.
History.
They were formed in 1936 to raise money for hospitals before the National Health Service was founded.
They were founder members of Carnival Band Secretaries League. and won over 250 prizes including a record 20 consecutive First Prizes.
Uniform.
The uniform consists of a black, wide brimmed hat. The Female members also wear a red rose in the hatband on the left side.
A white blouse shirt under a red Bolero waistcoat with gold adornements.
Black trousers with red flashes in the outside seam from knee to ankle.
Red cummerbund with sash and tassel falling from the left side.
PLain black shoes.
Notable achievements.
Representing Great Britain in international competitions in Belgium & Twice in Spain(1992, 1994)
Official cultural representatives of England in Lens, France for World Cup 1998.
Many appearances on Local, National and International Television, including special features on The Generation Game (BBC) and Spare Time (BBC).
Opening ceremony of Derby County Football Clubs' Pride Park Stadium in the presence of HM Queen Elizabeth II and HRH The Duke of Edinburgh.
All England, Carnival Band Secretaries League, Midland Counties, South East Midlands Counties and Spanish Classic Champions.
Resident Band for Derby County Football Club '97-'98 and '98 - '99 seasons.
Tours of France and Scandinavia.
Appearances.
The Royal Albert Hall
The Grand National, Aintree
The British Grand Prix, Silverstone
The Lord Mayor of Westminster's New Year Parade

</doc>
<doc id="18301841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301841" title="Comparison of computer-aided design editors">
Comparison of computer-aided design editors

The table below provides an overview of computer-aided design (CAD) software. It does not judge power, ease of use, or other user-experience aspects. The table does not include software that is still in development (beta software). For all-purpose 3D programs, see Comparison of 3D computer graphics software.
CAD refers to a specific type of drawing and modeling software application that is designed for creating technical drawings for distribution electronically and on paper

</doc>
<doc id="18301888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301888" title="Murrell">
Murrell

Murrell is a surname. It refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18301892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301892" title="Ira Pauly">
Ira Pauly

Ira Basil Pauly (born Nov. 15, 1930) is an American psychiatrist best known for his influential work on transsexualism.
Education and career.
Pauly earned his undergraduate degree with honors from the University of California, Los Angeles, in 1954, where he was a standout football and rugby player. He won the Bruins' 1952 most improved player trophy and 1953 Spirit and Scholarship Award and was named a First Team Academic All-American in 1953. That season, UCLA won the Pacific Coast Conference and played in the Rose Bowl, during which he started both ways, as center and linebacker. He was selected as the 1953 Los Angeles Jewish Collegiate Athlete of the Year by B'nai B'rith. In 2004, Pauly was inducted into the Southern California Jewish Sports Hall of Fame.
He graduated from UCLA Medical School in 1958.
In the 1960s, while on the faculty at University of Oregon Medical School, Pauly began writing and speaking about treatment of transsexualism. He became supportive of sex reassignment surgery in 1961 "after soul-searching deliberation." Pauly noted that both transsexualism and abortion were "sex and tabooed topics" that elicited strong responses. Pauly is credited for undertaking the first global review of the published outcome data on transsexualism in 1965. Also in the mid-1960s, he began collaborating with endocronologist Harry Benjamin, who cited Pauly's work in "The Transsexual Phenomenon". The two later worked to popularize their research in the lay press. In 1975, Pauly and University of Oregon medical student Thomas W. Lindgren introduced the Body Image Scale, with which subjects rate feelings about 30 body parts from 1 (very satisfied) to 5 (very dissatisfied). His 1981 follow-up report on outcome data was later published with independent reviews by Bengt Lundström and Jan Wålinder in 1984. Pauly served as president of the Harry Benjamin International Gender Dysphoria Association, now known as the World Professional Association for Transgender Health, from 1985 to 1987.
Pauly left Oregon for an appointment as professor and chairman, Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, University of Nevada School of Medicine in Reno, Nev. Under his leadership, the Department of Psychiatry developed a fully accredited residency. He retired from the medical school in 1994.
Pauly also served on the American Psychiatric Association's Subcommittee on Gender Identity Disorders.
He continued to practice clinically until 2010.
Family.
He married Ann Flanagan in 1960. He has four sons, Brett, Quinn, Devin and Tye, and seven grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18301893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301893" title="John Beirne, Jnr">
John Beirne, Jnr

John Beirne, Jnr (died 23 October 1967) was an Irish Clann na Talmhan politician. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Clann na Talmhan Teachta Dála (TD) for the Roscommon constituency at the 1948 general election. He was re-elected at the 1951, 1954 and 1957 general elections. He lost his seat at the 1961 general election.
His father John Beirne, Snr also served as a Clann na Talmhan TD for Roscommon from 1943 to 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18301908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301908" title="Charles Hardnett">
Charles Hardnett

Charles "Charlie Red" Hardnett (born September 13, 1938) is a former NBA basketball player. The 6' 8" power-forward played for Carver High School Atlanta, GA. He played college basketball for Grambling State University from 1959 to 1963. Hardnett earned All-America honors in 1962. He was also the NAIA Basketball Tournament MVP in 1961. Hardnett was drafted in the 3rd round (3rd pick) of the 1962 NBA draft by the St. Louis Hawks. He played for the Chicago Zephyrs (NBA) in the 1962-63 season and the Baltimore Bullets from 1963 to 1965. Hardnett also coached at the college level. He coached at Coppin State College (Baltimore) from 1970 to 1974, and at Morris Brown College (Atlanta) from 1974 to 1980.
High school career.
Hardnett attended Carver High School in Atlanta, GA from 1955 to 1958. While in High School, Hardnett played 3 sports including basketball, football, and baseball. He earned several honors as an athlete and student while at Carver, and was the only male athlete to attend and graduate college in his graduating class. His accomplishments as a high school student-athlete are as follows:
Collegiate career.
Hardnett went to Grambling College in 1958, and became an instant success. He was coached by Fred Hobdy who coached at Grambling for 30 seasons. During his days at Grambling, Hardnett played with players such as Willis Reed. During his years at Grambling, Hardnett amassed the following honors:
Hardnett scored over 2,000 points in his career at Grambling and grabbed over 2,000 rebounds (16.9 RPG—First All-Time at Grambling). In addition, Hardnett was drafted by the NBA and became the First African-American drafted by the NBA from the state of Georgia, the second Player drafted by the NBA from Grambling, and only the third African-American drafted by the NBA from an HBCU in the state of Louisiana. In 1973, Hardnett was elected to the NAIA Hall of Fame as an athlete.
The inaugural induction class includes Willis Reed (Basketball), Tommy Agee (Baseball), Ernie Ladd (Football/Wrestling), Henry Dyer (Football), Ralph Garr (Baseball), Charlie Hardnett (Basketball), Robert Hopkins (Basketball), Lane Howell (Football), Stone Johnson (Football/Track), Willie Joseph (Football), Legolian “Boots” Moore (Football), Bo Murray (Football), Helen Richards-Smith (Basketball), Richard Stebbins (Track), Hershell West (Basketball), Willie Young (Football), Tank Younger (Football), Ralph W.E. Jones (College President and Coach), Eddie Robinson (Coach), Collie Nicholson (Sports Information Officer), Fred C. Hobdy (Coach), Willie Brown (Football), Buck Buchanan (Football), Willie Davis (Football) and Charlie Joiner (Football).
Professional career.
Hardnett's professional basketball career started by being drafted by the St. Louis Hawks in the 3rd round of the 1962 NBA draft. He played in Chicago for the Zephyrs and in Baltimore for the Bullets. After the NBA, Hardnett went on to play in the CBA Eastern League. He played three more years of professional basketball for the Harrisburg Patriots and the Scranton Miners.
Coaching career.
After a successful playing career, Hardnett entered a career of coaching. His coaching career would have him serve as the Head Basketball Coach at Coppin State in Baltimore, MD and at Morris Brown College in Atlanta, GA. During his career at Morris Brown College he served quadruple duties as the Head Basketball Coach, Athletic Director, Head Baseball Coach, and Head Golf Coach. He coached for 12 years and amassed a 160 - 150 coaching record. During his coaching career, Hardnett had the following highlights:
Family.
Charles Hardnett is married to Bernice Hardnett, and they currently reside in Louisville KY. They have three children: Dana S. Hardnett, Charles R. Hardnett (married to Felicia A. Hardnett), and Derek W. Hardnett(Married to Quovardis Hardnett). They have several grandchildren: Daveon, Wendy, William, Derek, Jeremy, Erin, and Charles Jr. (CJ).

</doc>
<doc id="18301916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301916" title="The Other Side (children's book)">
The Other Side (children's book)

The Other Side is a children's picture book written by Jacqueline Woodson and illustrated by E. B. Lewis, published in 2001 by G. P. Putnam's Sons.
Summary.
The narrator and protagonist of the story is Clover, a young African-American girl. She lives beside a fence which segregates her town. Her mother instructs her never to climb over to the other side. Then one summer, she notices a white girl on the other side of the fence. The girl seems to be very lonely and is even outside when it's raining.
Clover decides to talk to the girl on the other side of the fence. Both girls aren't allowed to cross the fence, so they simply decide to sit "on" the fence together. First, Clover's friends won't let Annie, the girl from the other side, play with them but then all of the girls realize that the fence (a symbol for segregation) should not be there.

</doc>
<doc id="18301918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301918" title="Elizabeth Beisel">
Elizabeth Beisel

Elizabeth Lyon Beisel (born August 18, 1992) is an American college and international swimmer who specializes in backstroke and individual medley events. She has won a total of six medals in major international competition, three gold, one silver, and two bronze spanning the Olympics, World Aquatics, and the Pan Pacific championships. Beisel competed in the 200-meter backstroke and 400-meter individual medley events at the 2008 Summer Olympics, placing fifth and fourth, respectively, in the world. She won the silver medal in the 400-meter individual medley and bronze in the 200-meter backstroke at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Early years.
Beisel was born in Saunderstown, Rhode Island in 1992, the daughter of Ted and Joan Beisel. She graduated from North Kingstown High School in North Kingstown, Rhode Island in 2010. Her mother was a college swimmer for the University of Rhode Island. Beisel has been a member of the U.S. National Swim Team since she was 13 years old, and is the distant cousin of David Beisel (Duke, '98).
College career.
Beisel accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where she swims for coach Gregg Troy's Florida Gators swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition. She has won five Southeastern Conference (SEC) individual championships, and was honored as the SEC Female Swimmer of the Year in 2012. Beisel also won the NCAA championship in the 200-meter backstroke in 2012, leading the Lady Gators to a third-place team finish at the NCAA national championships. She has received nine All-American honors and earned first-team Academic All-America recognition. She will be a senior during the 2013–14 academic year.
International career.
2007 World Championships.
At the age of 14, Beisel competed in the 2007 World Championships. She advanced to the semifinals and placed twelfth overall in the 200-meter backstroke.
2008 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 U.S. Olympic Trials, Beisel finished second to Katie Hoff in the 400-meter individual medley with a time of 4:32.87. Hoff went on to set the world record in that race. In the 200-meter backstroke, Beisel finished second to Margaret Hoelzer, who set the world record.
As a 15-year-old, Beisel was the youngest member of the U.S. Olympic swim team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. Beisel clocked the best time in the preliminaries of the 400-meter individual medley, and finished fourth in the final with a time of 4:34.24. She had the second fastest time in the semifinals of the 200-meter backstroke, and finished fifth in the final.
2009 World Championships.
At the 2009 National Championships, Beisel competed in four individual events and qualified to swim in two finals. In the 400-meter individual medley, Beisel edged Julia Smit with a time of 4:36.31. In the 200-meter backstroke, Beisel finished first with a time of 2:08.80. Margaret Hoelzer, the Olympic silver medalist in Beijing, finished third.
In her first event at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, the 200-meter backstroke, Beisel finished third in the final with a time of 2:06.39, just missing Hoelzer's American record of 2:06.09. In the 400-meter individual medley final, Beisel placed fifth.
2010 Pan Pacific Championships.
At the 2010 National Championships, Beisel competed in two events. In the 400-meter individual medley, the defending national champion slipped to fourth place. In the 200-meter backstroke, Beisel successfully defended her national title, finishing first with a time of 2:08.50.
At the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, Beisel won two gold medals. Her first gold medal came in the 400-meter individual medley, in which she finished first with a time of 4:34.69. It was three seconds faster than the second place finisher and was Beisel's first international gold medal. In the 200-meter backstroke, Beisel won her second gold medal with a time of 2:07.83.
2011 World Aquatics Championships.
At the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, China, Beisel competed in two events, the 200-meter backstroke and the 400-meter individual medley. After qualifying third in both the heats (2:08.40) and semifinals (2:07.82) of the 200-meter backstroke, Beisel finished in fifth place in the final with a time of 2:08.16. In her second and final event the 400-meter individual medley, Beisel won the gold in a time of 4:31.78. In the heats, Beisel posted the top qualifying time with a 4:34.95. Her nearest competitor, Hannah Miley, was over two seconds behind. This was Beisel's first individual title at a World Aquatics Championships.
2012 Summer Olympics.
At the 2012 U.S. Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska, Beisel qualified for the U.S. Olympic team by placing first in the women's 400-meter individual medley. In the final, Beisel posted a personal best time of 4:31.74, finishing more than two seconds ahead of teammate Caitlin Leverenz. She also qualified in the 200-meter backstroke by placing second, behind Missy Franklin, with a time of 2:07.58. In her third event, the 400-meter freestyle, Beisel placed fifth in a time of 4:07.29.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Beisel posted a time of 4:31.68 in the preliminaries of the 400-meter individual medley. She was seeded first going into the finals, and received a silver medal for finishing second behind China's Ye Shiwen with a time of 4:31.27 to Ye's 4:28.46. She also won a bronze medal by placing third in the 200-meter backstroke with a time of 2:06.55, behind American Missy Franklin and Russian Anastasia Zuyeva.

</doc>
<doc id="18301924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301924" title="Tehotitachsae">
Tehotitachsae

The Tehotitachsae were an indigenous people of North America originally from Bradford County, Pennsylvania.
Their principal village, Gohontoto, was on the site of the present Borough of Wyalusing.
History.
Moravian Bishop John F. Cammerhoff wrote of a visit in 1750, "Here, they tell me, was in early times an Indian town, traces of which are still noticeable, e. g. corn-pits, etc., inhabited by a distinct nation (neither Aquinoschioni, i. e. Iriquois, nor Delawares), who spoke a peculiar language and were called Tehotitachsae; against these the Five Nations warred, and rooted them out. The Cayugas for a time held a number of them, but the Nation and their language are now exterminated and extinct."
Remnants of the Tehotitachsae most likely were assimilated into the Cayuga. Their former territories in Pennsylvania later settled by the Lenape, who in 1752 established a settlement called M'chwihillusink on the site of Gohontoto. This would later become Wyalusing.

</doc>
<doc id="18301927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301927" title="603rd Air Control Squadron">
603rd Air Control Squadron

The 603d Air Control Squadron (603 ACS) is part of the 31st Fighter Wing at Aviano Air Base, Italy. It will be inactivated in 2013.
Mission.
The specified mission of the 603 ACS is to operate a mobile unit capable of providing radar control and surveillance within a designated area, to collect, display, and disseminate information of aerial activity and to provide radar coverage for the control of air forces. The squadron is further tasked to provide radar control for friendly aircraft in an offensive role against ground targets, and in a defensive mission against airborne threats, as directed.
History.
WWII.
The 603d can trace its history to the beginnings of World War II with the formation of the 555th Signal Aircraft Warning Battalion on 9 June 1942 at Drew Field, Florida. The 555th participated in the D-Day invasion of Normandy, 6 June 1945.
In July 1946, the 555th became the 501st Aircraft Control and Warning Battalion. Its four Companies (A, B, C, D) became the 601st, 602d, 603d and 604th Tactical Control Squadrons respectively. But almost a year after, 603d personnel were transferred to the other squadrons and the unit was inactivated. By 25 September 1947 the 501st Aircraft Control and Warning Battalion and its units were inactivated.
The Battalion spent 3 years on the European continent and earned five "Campaign Streamers" for: "Normandy, Northern France, Ardennes Alsace, Central Europe, and Rhineland."
The Cold War Era.
Heightening tensions with Russia and the beginning of The Cold War saw the reactivation of the 603d Tactical Control Squadron under the 7400th Air Force Communications Wing at Hof, West Germany on 25 May 1948.
On 1 December 1948 it was redesignated the 603d Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron, under direct control of the 7402d Aircraft Control and Warning Group. Its mission was to provide early warning radar and direction-finding network to support tactical air operations of USAFE and to provide navigational aids to friendly aircraft.
The main force of the unit's capabilities were witnessed during the 1948-49 Berlin Airlift. On 10 June 1949 the 603d realigned under the 501st Aircraft Control and Warning Group and on 18 Nov. 1960 it was again realigned under the 86th Air Division where it remained until it was once again inactivated on 25 June 1965.
Redesignated 603d Tactical Control Squadron on 29 June 1973. the unit was again officially reactivated, this time subordinate to the 601st Tactical Control Group. During the next 10 years the 603d distinguished itself by providing high quality radar coverage and command and control functions both in-garrison and during NATO exercises.

</doc>
<doc id="18301936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301936" title="Tim Thornton (bishop)">
Tim Thornton (bishop)

Timothy Martin "Tim" Thornton (born 14 April 1957) is the current Bishop of Truro, having previously been the Bishop of Sherborne from 2001 to 2008. He has been a Member of the House of Lords since 2013.
Thornton was educated at Devonport High School for Boys, the University of Southampton and King's College London. Ordained in 1980, following priestly formation at St Stephen's House, Oxford, he began his ministry with a curacy at Todmorden followed by a spell as Priest-in-charge at Walsden. He then became Bishop's Chaplain to David Hope: successively in the Diocese of Wakefield and the Diocese of London. From 1994 until 1998 he was Principal of the North Thames Ministerial Training Course. His final post before his ordination to the episcopate was as the vicar of Kensington.

</doc>
<doc id="18301952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301952" title="Nahsholim">
Nahsholim

Nahsholim (, "lit." Tidal waves) is a kibbutz and beach resort in northern Israel. Located near Zikhron Ya'akov, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaCarmel Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 399.
The kibbutz was established in 1948 on the lands of Arab village of al-Tantura. A glass bottle factory founded by Baron Rothschild in 1891 is located in Nahsholim.Today it is an archaeological museum with displays of objects found in the excavations at Tel Dor since 1980. Also exhibited is a large assortment of anchors, jars and navigational tools retrieved by the center’s diving team. Cannons, swords, guns and ammunition have been found underwater, dating from the retreat of Napoleon’s armade in 1799. 
The kibbutz grows bananas, avocado and cotton, and raises fish in ponds. It also operates a plastics factory that manufactures irrigation equipment. 

</doc>
<doc id="18301970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301970" title="Cricket at the Pacific Games">
Cricket at the Pacific Games

A cricket tournament at the Pacific Games has taken place on five occasions, however detailed records of all but the most recent two tournaments have not been kept and beyond knowing that Papua New Guinea and Fiji have won gold and silver medals respectively on each occasion, except in 1979, and what teams took part in each year, not much is known of the first three tournaments.
Teams.
The following teams have taken part in the tournament:
Results.
1979.
Venue: Suva, Fiji
1987.
Venue: Nouméa, New Caledonia
1991.
Venue: Port Moresby/Lae, Papua New Guinea
2003.
Venue: Suva, Fiji
2007.
Venue: Apia, Samoa
Records.
As detailed results have not been kept for the first three tournaments, it is not possible to present detailed records. What is known is that Papua New Guinea's total of 572/7 against New Caledonia is the highest team total in any international one-day match, along with the winning margin of 510 runs, and therefore also in the South Pacific Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18301975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301975" title="Christine Magnuson">
Christine Magnuson

Christine Marie Magnuson (born October 17, 1985) is an American competition swimmer and two-time Olympic medalist.
She has won a total of five medals in major international competition, four silvers, and one bronze spanning the Olympics, the World Championships, and the Pan Pacific Championships.
Personal.
Magnuson went to high school at Victor J. Andrew High School in Tinley Park, Illinois, and competed in college for the University of Tennessee.
Swimming career.
2008 Summer Olympics.
Magnuson won the silver medal in the 100 m butterfly final, finishing behind Libby Trickett of Australia who had won the gold in an Oceanic record. She also set an American record in that event during the semifinals. Magnuson earned her second medal, also a silver, in the 4×100 medley relay finishing behind team Australia.
2009 World Championships.
Magnuson swam the 100 m butterfly but didn't make it past the semifinals and finished 10th overall. Magnuson also swam the third leg in the 4×100 m freestyle relay but the United States finished 4th in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18301986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301986" title="Share bazaar">
Share bazaar

Share bazaar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18301990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301990" title="Our Lady of Navigators">
Our Lady of Navigators

Our Lady of Navigators also known as Our Lady of Seafarers ("Nossa Senhora dos Navegantes" in Portuguese) is a devotional title given to the Virgin Mary by Roman Catholics. It is a widespread devotion in South America, specially Brazil, where the Our Lady of Navigators is celebrated on February 2nd as an official holiday. Religious procession where the image of the Virgin Mary is carried take place in most coastal cities that have harbors, specially the large ones. Several churches in Brazil are dedicated to Our Lady of Navigators.
The devotion started in the fifteenth century by Europeans, especially the Portuguese navigators, praying for a safe return to their homes. They saw the Virgin Mary as their protector during storms and other hazards. The first statue in South America was brought from Portugal to Brazil.
The theme of the "Virgin Mary as the protector" was similarly used in the The Virgin of the Navigators, 1531–36, the earliest known painting whose subject is the discovery of the Americas.

</doc>
<doc id="18301991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18301991" title="Gross-Basenach">
Gross-Basenach

Gross-Basenach or Groß-Basenach is the designation for a series of five so-called M-class German military semi-rigid airships constructed by balloonist Nikolaus Basenach and Major Hans Georg Friedrich Groß (1860–1924) of the Royal Prussian Airship Battalion Nr 2 between 1907 and 1914.
They produced one experimental and four so-called military Groß-Basenach types, rebuilding each one several times. In all they were not as successful as Major Groß wished. He was one of the sharpest critics of the Zeppelin airship system. However the war and the ever increasing demands on airship performance left his own system in oblivion. Even his direct competitors, Parseval and the rigid airship maker Schütte-Lanz, did not fare differently after the war's end.
"Versuchsluftschiff".
The "Versuchluftschiff" (experimental airship) had a volume of 1,800 cubic metres and had a keel directly under the balloon envelope. It was mostly constructed by the firm Siemens-Schuckert GmbH.
The first flight took place at 1907-05-07. The power plant was a 24-25 horsepower (HP) Gaggenau automobile engine and allowed a top speed of .
Later the airship was rebuilt, including among other things the empennage.
M I.
On 21 September 1908 it set a flight endurance record of over 13 hours. In 1913 the hull was lengthened to 71.8 metres. In its lengthened state it first flew on 26 March 1913. The keel was changed three times and the volume increased to 5600 m³. Nevertheless the maximum speed remained unchanged at .
M II.
M II was built in 1909 and enlarged in 1911.
M III.
M III was built in 1909 and first flew on 31 December 1909
M III was the fastest airship of its time.
M IV.
M IV achieved a top speed of . From 28 December 1914 until 3 November 1915 it performed 24 patrols over the Baltic Sea. On 1915-09-10 it attacked a U-Boat with 100-kilogram bombs.
References.
"Unless otherwise cited, this article was sourced from "

</doc>
<doc id="18302005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302005" title="Keshar Jung Rayamajhi">
Keshar Jung Rayamajhi

Keshar Jung Rayamajhi(1919 - 17 Dec 2012) () was a Nepalese politician. He was a leading figure in the communist movement in the country, but later turned into a royalist. Rayamajhi hails from a landlord Chetri family in Tansen, Palpa district.
In 1947 Rayamajhi became a founding member of the Nepalese 'Marxist Study Circle' in Calcutta. In 1948, the group was reconstructed as the 'Progressive Study Circle' and Rayamajhi became its secretary. During his stay in Calcutta, Rayamajhi's political mentor was the CPI leader Ratna Lal Brahmin.
At the first congress of the Communist Party of Nepal, held in 1954, Rayamajhi was elected to the Central Committee of the party. In September 1956, the general secretary of the party, Manmohan Adhikari, travelled to China to take part in the congress of the Communist Party of China. As Pushpa Lal Shrestha and D.P. Adhikari declined to take the role of acting general secretary, Rayamajhi expressed his interest in taking over as acting general secretary of the party. Directly after Rayamajhi became acting general secretary of the party, groupism began to appear amongst the party ranks. The party became divided into a reformist camp (led by Rayamajhi) and a revolutionary camp (led by Pushpa Lal Shrestha).
During the second party congress held in 1957, Manmohan Adhikari was undergoing treatment for skin disease in China. In his absence, Rayamajhi was elected general secretary of the party. At the congress, Rayamajhi argued for supporting constitutional monarchy. Soon after the congress, accusations that Rayamajhi had secret links to the royal palace began to surface within the party.
Rayamajhi was one of the CPN candidates that contested the 1959 parliamentary election, but was defeated in his constituency. In the election the party got less than 4% of the seats in the parliament. Rayamajhi received severe criticism for the electoral defeat of the party after the election.
In November 1960 Rayamajhi travelled to Moscow to take part in the International Meeting of Communist and Workers Parties. During Rayamajhi's stay in the Soviet Union the King retook direct rule in Nepal. Rayamajhi sent a message from Moscow stating that the dissolution of the parliament was a 'progressive step'. Under the new order in Nepal the CPN was banned. After his return to Nepal in January 1961, Rayamajhi called for lifting the ban on political parties. But at the same time he continued for argue in favour of guided democracy and constitutional monarchy.
In March 1961 a plenum of the party was held in Darbhanga (India). The plenum decided to remove Rayamajhi from the position as general secretary. Instead a central secretariat consisting of Rayamajhi, D.P. Adhikari and Shambhuram Shrestha was formed to run the party.
In April 1962 the sector of CPN led by Tulsi Lal Amatya and Pushpa Lal Shrestha held a third party congress, which the sector around Rayamajhi did not recognize. The congress decided to expel Rayamajhi from the party. Rayamajhi and his followers continued to function as a party though. Effectively the CPN was divided into two separate parties, a CPN led by Amatya and a CPN led by Rayamajhi. The Rayamajhi group held its own third party congress in 1967, and elected Rayamajhi as general secretary.
In 1979 a section of the party, led by Bishnu Bahadur Manandhar, revolted against Rayamajhi's membership in the royal Rajsabha and his soft line towards the monarchy. Manandhar eventually left the party in 1981, taking a large section of its membership with him. Two years later the party held its fifth congress, which elected Rayamajhi chairman and Krishna Raj Burma general secretary. In September 1983 Rayamajhi was expelled from the party by Burma for being a royalist. Rayamajhi then reorganised his followers into a new CPN, in which he was elected general secretary. Eventually this new CPN also expelled him around 1986.
Rayamajhi was included in the interim government after the 1990 Jana Andolan ('People's Movement') as Minister of Education. He was also appointed to the three-member Cabinet Committee to oversee the constitutional proposal of the Constitution Recommendations Commission, representing the King.
Rayamajhi contested the Kathmandu-3 constituency in the 1991 parliamentary election, on behalf of his new party Janata Dal (Samajbadi Prajatantrik). Rayamajhi finished eight in the constituency.
Rayamajhi went on to become the chairman of the Royal Privy Council. In his function as chairman of the council, Rayamajhi oversaw the dramatic change in the royal house that followed the Nepalese royal massacre and the coronation of Gyanendra Shah.
On November 13, 2002, Maoist rebels carried out an armed attack on the residence of Rayamajhi. In November 2003, Maoists attacked his ancestral home.

</doc>
<doc id="18302010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302010" title="Dennis Taglianetti">
Dennis Taglianetti

Dennis Taglianetti was a professional American Welterweight boxer from Brooklyn, New York. As an amateur Taglianetti trained at the Police Athletic Leagues Howard Houses in the Brownsville section of Brooklyn, New York. His trainer at Howard Houses was Al Fischetti. Fischetti trained many New York Golden Gloves champions that spanned several decades. Taglianetti advanced to the semi-finals of the 1973 New York Golden Gloves 147 lb. sub-novice division and was eliminated. 
Taglianetti made his professional debut on November 5, 1973 at the Felt Forum in New York City. Taglianetti defeated Tito Flores on a unanimous four round decision. Flores was knocked down several times during the fight.
On March 8, 1974, Taglianetti defeated veteran Eliezer Negron on a unanimous four round decision at Madison Square Garden to run his record to three wins and no losses.
On April 1, 1974 Taglianetti fought a four round draw with tough Ricardo Conde at the Felt Forum in New York City. On November 22, 1974 Taglianetti defeated veteran fighter Hugo Velasquez by four round decision at Madison Square Garden. 
Taglianetti lost his first fight on January 30, 1975 to Hugo Velasquez by four round decision at the Embassy Hall in North Bergen, New Jersey.
After a three year layoff Taglianetti returned to the ring and won a very unpopular four round decision over Tom Molloy at the Roll-A-Rama in Brooklyn, New York. A month later Taglianetti won a four round decision over veteran Nino Cosmo at the Roll-A-Rama in Brooklyn, New York.
Taglianetti's unofficial professional record was six wins one loss and one draw.

</doc>
<doc id="18302017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302017" title="Alphabeat discography">
Alphabeat discography

The discography of Alphabeat, a Danish pop group, consists of three studio albums, two extended plays and 13 singles.

</doc>
<doc id="18302018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302018" title="Georg Hellmesberger, Sr.">
Georg Hellmesberger, Sr.

Georg Hellmesberger, Sr. (24 April 1800 – 16 August 1873) was an Austrian violinist, conductor, and composer.
He was born in Vienna. His first music lesson was by his father. He went to school at the Cistercian Heiligenkreuz Abbey. He attended both philosophy courses in Vienna. He studied at the Vienna Conservatory under Joseph Böhm (violin) and Emanuel Förster (composition). In 1821 he became Böhm's assistant. He taught at the Conservatory from 1826. From 1833 to 1867 he was professor. Among his students were Joseph Joachim, Leopold Auer, and his two sons.
He was concertmaster of the Vienna Court Opera from 1830 after the death of Ignaz Schuppanzigh and a member of the court orchestra (Hofmusikkapelle). He was Kapellmeister of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra from 1842 until he became pensioner at 1867.
He composed two violin concertos, string quartets, variations solo violin works.
He was the father of Joseph Hellmesberger, Sr. and Georg Hellmesberger, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="18302031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302031" title="2000 European Beach Volleyball Championships">
2000 European Beach Volleyball Championships

The 2000 European Beach Volleyball Championships were held from August 24 to August 27, 2000 in Bilbao, Spain. It was the eighth official edition of the men's event, which started in 1993, while the women competed for the seventh time.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18302046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302046" title="Musser">
Musser

Musser is a surname. It can refer:

</doc>
<doc id="18302078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302078" title="Jay Bailey">
Jay Bailey

James Edward Bailey (1944 – 9 May 2001), generally known as Jay Bailey, was a pioneer of biochemical engineering, particularly metabolic engineering. He was said to be "the most influential biochemical engineer of modern times". In a special issue of a journal dedicated to his work, the editor said "Jay was one of biochemical engineering’s most creative thinkers and spirited advocates, a true innovator who played an enormous role in establishing biochemical engineering as the dynamic discipline it is today". His numerous contributions in biotechnology and metabolic engineering have led to multiple awards including the First Merck Award in Metabolic Engineering.
He is commemorated in the "James E. Bailey Award for Outstanding Contributions to the Field of Biological Engineering", by the AIChE Society for Biological Engineering.
Life.
Bailey studied chemical engineering at Rice University receiving a BA in 1966 and PhD in 1969 working with Fritz Horn. He worked for Shell then taught chemical engineering at the University of Houston starting in 1971 before moving to Caltech in 1980 before becoming Professor of Biotechnology at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) in Zurich in 1992. He died of cancer 9 May 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18302086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302086" title="Public Enemy Returns">
Public Enemy Returns

Public Enemy Returns is a 2008 South Korean film directed by Kang Woo-suk. It is the sequel to "Public Enemy" (2002) and "Another Public Enemy" (2005), also directed by Kang.
2007 was a poor year for South Korean cinema, largely due to the reduced screen quota from 146 to 73 days as part of the 2007 free trade agreement between the US and South Korea. This resulted in production costs rising, a series of box office failures, and the number of Korean films sold overseas dropping. During May 2008, only 7.8% of films shown in South Korea were Korean, the lowest level since records began in 2000. It was hoped that the Korean film industry might rally behind "Public Enemy Returns". The film sold 4,337,983 tickets nationwide and was the 4th most attended film of 2008.
Plot.
In debt and out of money, Kang Chul-joong is tired of being a cop and looking to retire. But his boss gives him one last case, an investigation of the president of Geo Seong Enterprises, Lee Won-sool, and some recent murders.

</doc>
<doc id="18302096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302096" title="Katharine Jex-Blake">
Katharine Jex-Blake

Katharine Jex-Blake (18 November 1860 – 26 March 1951), was an English classical scholar, mistress of Girton College, Cambridge.
Biography.
Early life.
Katharine Jex-Blake was born in 1860 at Rugby School, one of nine daughters and two sons of Thomas Jex-Blake (1832-1915), the school master and later head master at Rugby school and his wife Henrietta Cordery. Her aunt was Sophia Jex-Blake. She was educated with her sisters at Rugby School before reading classics at Girton College, Cambridge, 1879-1883.
Career.
She then taught for a year at Notting Hill and Bayswater High School, a school owed by the Girls' Public Day School Trust. In 1885 she returned to Girton as the Resident Classics lecturer, later becoming the Director of Studies in Classics from 1901– 1919; Vice-Mistress, 1903– 1916; and Mistress of the College,1916 – 1922. In 1896 she published a translation of Pliny the Elder's "Chapters on the History of Art" in collaboration with her friend Eugenie Sellers. 
Her influence extended beyond Girton as some her students became the classics lecturers at Girton, Newnham College, Bedford College, Royal Holloway, Somerville College and Lady Margaret Hall in the 1920s.
Retirement.
Upon her retirement from Girton in 1922, Katharine Jex-Blake donated a sum for what became the Jex-Blake fellowship. She became a governor of the College and also sat on its Council. She was made an honorary fellow in 1932. From 1925-1937 she was an active member of the Council of her former employers, the Girls' Public Day School Trust and was later elected a vice-president of the Trust. She died at Hurstpierpoint, Sussex in 1951.
Personal Papers.
Norfolk Record Office holds correspondence between Katharine and her sisters, Henrietta and Violet Jex-Blake, in the papers of the Jex-Blake family (REF: MC 233/36).

</doc>
<doc id="18302097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302097" title="Barang (Cebuano term)">
Barang (Cebuano term)

Barang is a Cebuano term taken to mean all forms of malign magic or sorcery.
Usage and related terms.
"Barang" is a noun used to describe malign sorcery or familiar spirit. Other synonymous words used in the island of Siquijor in the Philippines include "haplit", "paktol" and "anyaw". 
Mambabarang (noun) is a practitioner of this specific type of sorcery or witchcraft. Binarang (noun) is the target of the sorcery or witchcraft. Nabarang (adjective) means someone or something experiencing the effects of the curse or hex.
The Mambabarang.
The Mambabarang is the Filipino version of a sorcerer; the witch is a Mamalarang. The name is derived from the word "barang". Other synonymous terms include the Hiligaynon word "manog hiwit", which is also synonymous to "kulam". The verb barangon or "hiwitan" means "to place a hex"; a curse in Filipino is a "sumpa". 
The "mambabarang" keeps his beetles in a bottle or a section of bamboo, carefully feeding them ginger root. When the practitioner decides to employ his dark art, he performs a prayer ritual wherein he whispers instructions and identifies the victim to the beetles. The insects are then set free and to seek out the victim and gain entry into the body via any bodily orifice: the nose, mouth, ears, anus or dermal breaks such as open wounds. The victim will then feel the effects of the invasion through manifestations depending on the area of entry; hemorrhoids if through the anus, ear ache if through the ears and other similar cases. The resulting illness is resistant to conventional medical treatment and only reveals its true nature when the victim succumbs and flying insects issue forth from bodily cavities.
Superstitious folks still attribute certain illnesses or diseases to "barang". This most often happens in the provinces, where an herbal doctor, albularyo or a faith healer, a "mananambal" or "sorhuana" (female) / "sorhuano" (male) treats such diseases. In some rural provincial areas, people completely rely on the "albularyo" and "mananambal" for treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="18302108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302108" title="High Uinta High">
High Uinta High

High Uinta High is the debut album by the indie-rock band Cub Country, released on February 19, 2002 through the Jade Tree label.

</doc>
<doc id="18302109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302109" title="Go-Go (Alphabeat song)">
Go-Go (Alphabeat song)

"Go-Go" was the fourth single released by Alphabeat. It was introduced on the international edition of their first album, but was not released as a single outside of Denmark.
It features backing vocals by girl band The Real Heat.
Charts.
"Go-Go" charted in Denmark at number 14.

</doc>
<doc id="18302118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302118" title="Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope">
Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope

The Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope (ATLAST) is an 8 to 16.8-meter (320 to 660-inch) UV-optical-NIR space telescope proposed by Space Telescope Science Institute, the science operations center for the Hubble Space Telescope (HST). If launched, ATLAST would be a replacement and successor for the HST, with the ability to obtain spectroscopic and imaging observations of astronomical objects in the ultraviolet, optical, and Infrared wavelengths, but with substantially better resolution than either HST or the planned James Webb Space Telescope (JWST). Like JWST, ATLAST will be launched to the Sun-Earth L2 Lagrange point.
ATLAST is envisioned as a flagship mission of the 2025 - 2035 period, designed to address one of the most compelling questions of our time: is there life elsewhere in our Galaxy? It will attempt to accomplish this by detecting "biosignatures" (such as molecular oxygen, ozone, water, and methane) in the spectra of terrestrial exoplanets.
Naming.
The backronym that the project currently uses, 'ATLAST', is in fact a pun. It refers to the time taken to decide on a true, visible-light, successor for the Hubble Space Telescope. However, it is expected as the project progresses, a new name will be chosen for the mission.
Design.
ATLAST will have a primary mirror diameter in the 8-m to 16.8-m range. Two different telescope architectures have been identified for ATLAST, but with similar optical designs, that span the range in technologies. The architectures are a telescope with a monolithic primary mirror and two variations of a telescope with a large segmented primary mirror. The concepts invoke heritage from the HST and JWST designs, but also take significant departures from these designs to minimize complexity, mass, or both. ATLAST will have an angular resolution that is 5 - 10 times better than JWST and a sensitivity limit that is up to 2,000 times better than HST.
Two of the concepts, the 8-m monolithic mirror telescope and the 16.8-m segmented mirror telescope, span the range of UVOIR observatories that are enabled by NASA's proposed Ares V launch vehicle, which is part of Project Constellation. The 8-m ATLAST offers the inherent advantages of a monolithic aperture telescope in terms of high-contrast imaging and superb wavefront control. The 16-m ATLAST represents a pathway to truly large apertures in space and uses the largest extrapolation of a JWST-like chord-fold primary mirror packaging. However, the ATLAST mission is not solely dependent on Ares V. The third concept, a 9.2-m segmented telescope, is compatible with an Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) and also adopts JWST design heritage. The ATLAST technology development plan is supported with funding from NASA's Astrophysics Strategic Mission Concept Studies program, the Goddard Space Flight Center, the Marshall Space Flight Center, the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (Caltech) and related programs at Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems and Ball Aerospace and Technology Corp.
In both designs, ATLAST will be able to be serviced, much like the HST has been. Using either a robotic ferry (the currently proposed method), or an astronaut crew flying in an Orion spacecraft (which will allow NASA to gain experience for future manned Solar System missions), instruments such as cameras would be replaced and returned to Earth for analysis and future upgrades. Like the HST and proposed JWST, ATLAST would be powered by solar panels.
Mission.
ATLAST would either be launched from the Kennedy Space Center's Launch Pad 39A atop of the Ares V, but following that vehicle being canceled by the Obama administration, the Space Launch System(SLS) rocket is now more likely, or if the 9.2-meter design is adopted, from NASA facilities capable of launching EELVs. Much like the proposed Orion/Altair flights to the Moon, the Ares V or SLS will place ATLAST and the Earth Departure Stage (EDS) into a "parking" orbit, while engineers check out the systems of both the EDS and the ATLAST. Once cleared, the EDS will fire again and ATLAST will then begin a three-month journey to the Sun-Earth L2 Point, entering a so-called "halo orbit" around the point once it is reached. While en route to the Sun-Earth L2 Point, the segmented versions of the telescope would deploy their optics.
Servicing missions, launched every 5 to 7 years, would allow astronomers to upgrade the ATLAS Telescope with new instruments and technologies. Like the HST, ATLAST should have a 20-year lifespan.
Extrasolar planets.
ATLAST, using an internal coronagraph or an external occulter, can characterize the atmosphere and surface of an Earth-sized exoplanet in the Habitable Zone of long-lived stars at distances up to ~45 pc, including its rotation rate, climate, and habitability. ATLAST will also allow us to glean information on the nature of the dominant surface features, changes in cloud cover and climate, and, potentially, seasonal variations in surface vegetation.""

</doc>
<doc id="18302135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302135" title="Share Bazaar (film)">
Share Bazaar (film)

Share Bazaar is a 1997 Bollywood film, directed by Manmohan and released in 1997.
Synopsis.
In Bombay's business district, on Dalal Street, stands a multi-storied building called the "Bombay Stock Exchange" or the Share Bazaar. This is where fortunes are made and lost. Two of such traders in shares are the Mehta brothers, Hasmukh and Mansukh. They also manipulate peoples' lives, and this time they have chosen to financially ruin Shekar, by getting him arrested on trumped-up charges. And on the other hand, they have singled out a street-smart young man by the Raj, and get him to take Shekar's place. Will Raj be the next casualty of the influential Mehta brothers?

</doc>
<doc id="18302140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302140" title="Georgette Seabrooke">
Georgette Seabrooke

Georgette Seabrooke (aka Georgette Seabrooke Powell; August 2, 1916 – December 27, 2011), was an American muralist, artist, illustrator, art therapist, non-profit chief executive and educator.
Biography.
Seabrooke was born in Charleston, South Carolina, and grew up in the New York City neighborhood of Yorkville, Manhattan. Her mother, widowed when Georgette was a child, was domestic housekeeper, and Georgette started working with her mother. She graduated from Washington Irving High School. She studied with James Lesesne Wells at the Harlem Art Workshop, and with Gwendolyn B. Bennett at the Harlem Community Art Center.
When the Harlem Hospital Center mural project selected her to receive a commission (her work "Recreation in Harlem"), she was the youngest master artist to attended the prestigious Cooper Union in New York City and became an award-winning art student. At age 18, in 1935, the Federal Art Project (FAP) for the Works Progress Administration (WPA) chose Seabrooke for a mural at Queen's General Hospital, Long Island (the required age was supposed to be 21).
After Seabrooke got married and started a family with three children, she began illustrating calendars and magazines.
She went to Fordham University and studied theater design. Seabrooke moved to Washington, D.C. in 1959. She founded Operation Heritage Art Center, now known as Tomorrow's World Art Center, in 1970. In 1972 she became a registered art therapist, and the following year earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts from Howard University. She was very active in combining art with mental-health therapy, teaching at the Tomorrow's World Art Center and at Malcolm X Park for the "Art in the Park" events.

</doc>
<doc id="18302146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302146" title="Shane Clarke">
Shane Clarke

Shane Robin Clarke (born 7 November 1987) is an English-born professional footballer of Jamaican descent, who plays as a midfielder for Northern Premier League side Worksop Town.
He has previously played for Lincoln City, Gateshead, Boston United and Gainsborough Trinity.
Club career.
Lincoln City.
Shane is a product of the club's centre of excellence which he joined in February 2002. In March 2004, he was one of five players who accepted a three-year scholarship with the Imps, commencing at the start of the 2004–05 season. Of the five, three would go on to forge professional careers: Clarke, Jack Hobbs and Scott Loach. In January 2006, Clarke joined Stamford on work experience With the scholarship system reverting to two rather than three years, Clarke was offered professional terms with the club at the end of his second year and he signed his first, one-year, professional contract in July 2006.
He started his Lincoln career as an unused substitute against Grimsby Town in a Football League Trophy match. Since then he played 11 games and was used as a substitute 5 times. His second Football League game, a 3–1 home defeat to Rotherham United on 12 January 2008, saw Clarke red-carded for a last minute lunge on Mark Hudson resulting in a three-match ban. However his performances after making his debut saw him rewarded with a one year extension to his contract.
On 30 April 2009 he agreed a new two-year contract with the club signing the contract the following day.
In May 2010, Clarke was placed on the Lincoln City transfer list by manager Chris Sutton and on 31 August 2010 agreed a deal with the club to have his contract cancelled.
Gateshead.
On 6 October 2010, Clarke signed an initial one month contract with Conference National side Gateshead. Clarke made his debut for Gateshead as a second half substitute against AFC Wimbledon on 16 October 2010. Clarke was released by Gateshead on 8 November 2010.
Boston United.
On 19 November 2010 he joined Boston United and was judged to be man-of-the-match on his debut for the club, a 2-1 home FA Trophy victory over Gainsborough Trinity the following day. He departed the club following the 1-0 home Conference North defeat to A.F.C. Telford United on 12 February 2011 after being offered a trial with MLS side Chicago Fire.
He linked up with the club for the second phase of their pre-season training, appearing in games against Florida Gulf Coast University and New York Red Bulls, before being released from his trial on 28 February 2011.
He returned to Boston United, appearing as an unused substitute in the club's 1-0 defeat at Solihull Moors on 26 March 2011 and maintaining a place in the squad until the end of the season. He was offered terms by the club for the 2011-2012 season but turned these down in order to join Gainsborough Trinity.
Non-league.
Clarke signed for Gainsborough Trinity on 3 June 2011. In the summer of 2012 Clark signed for another year with Trinity. In June 2013 he signed for Worksop Town.
Personal life.
Shane has a son, Gabriel, who was born on 1 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18302172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302172" title="2008 Allianz Suisse Open Gstaad – Singles">
2008 Allianz Suisse Open Gstaad – Singles

Paul-Henri Mathieu was the defending champion, but lost in the second round to Marin Čilić.
Victor Hănescu won in the final 6–3, 6–4, against Igor Andreev.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18302174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302174" title="MOI (file format)">
MOI (file format)

MOI is a computer file format used primarily to represent information. MOI files are associated with MOD or TOD files whose content they represent. They are mainly used on JVC and Canon camcorders.

</doc>
<doc id="18302179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302179" title="2008 Allianz Suisse Open Gstaad – Doubles">
2008 Allianz Suisse Open Gstaad – Doubles

František Čermák and Pavel Vízner were the defending champions, but lost in the semifinals to Stéphane Bohli and Stanislas Wawrinka.
Jaroslav Levinský and Filip Polášek won in the final 3–6, 6–2, [11–9], against Stéphane Bohli and Stanislas Wawrinka.

</doc>
<doc id="18302182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302182" title="Delbert Daisey">
Delbert Daisey

Delbert Daisey (born March 6, 1924 in Virginia), known as Cigar Daisey, is an American waterfowl wood carver. He lives and works in Chincoteague, Virginia and is the resident carver at the Refuge Waterfowl Museum. His decoy carvings are recognized for both their artist value and functionality as working pieces for waterfowl hunting. His works include Black Ducks, Mallards, Redheads, Ruddys and Red-breasted Mergansers and often crafted in drake (male) and hen (female) pairs. He has carved about 1900 ducks in total and he generally uses cork or wood as his medium. He carved his first duck out of balsa wood in 1940 at his father's wood shop. The Smithsonian has his works in their collection. He earned his nickname in 1945 while leaving cigar butts to taunt game wardens while poaching ducks on Assateague Island. Later in life, Daisey was an avid conservationist.
The best decoy he has ever made was a pintail he made in 1973 for a present for his wife. That is the only fully decorative decoy he has ever made.The decoy was featured in National Geographic in June 1980 page 826. The decoy is estimated to be worth $150,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18302183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302183" title="Abraham Razack">
Abraham Razack

Abraham Razack, SBS, JP or Abraham Shek Lai-him for his Chinese name (; born 24 June 1945, Macau) is the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (Legco), representing real estate and construction industry in functional constituencies seats. He is the member of the Alliance in Legco. He graduated from the University of Sydney in Australia. 
Razack is a businessman and former chief executive of the Land Development Corporation (now Urban Renewal Authority). He is now a non-executive director of the MTR Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="18302191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302191" title="2006–07 Maltese First Division">
2006–07 Maltese First Division

The Maltese First Division 2006–07 (known as BOV First Division 2006-07 due to sponsorship reasons) started on September 3 and finished on May 13. Mosta F.C. and Hamrun Spartans were the teams which were relegated from the Maltese Premier League 2005-06. Qormi and Vittoriosa Stars were the promoted teams from Maltese Second Division 2005-06. Hamrun Spartans finished as champions and returned to the Premier League,having just been relegated.Mqabba were also promoted as runners-up.San Gwann and Naxxar Lions were relegated to the Second Division.
Participating teams.
The Maltese First Division 2006–07 was made up of these teams:
Final League Table 2006/2007.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsC = Champions; R = Relegated; RP = Relegation playoffs
2006/2007 Results.
"To read this table, the home team is listed in the left-hand column."

</doc>
<doc id="18302193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302193" title="Punggol Sapphire">
Punggol Sapphire

Punggol Sapphire is a May 2008 'Build To Order' project by Housing and Development Board, located at Punggol New Town in Singapore, comprising 760 units of 4-room, 282 units of 5-room Premium flats and 23 units of 5-room loft units. It is situated along Punggol Field, next to Soo Teck LRT Station (which is still inactive as on Aug 30, 2013), and is a short walking distance away from the future Town Centre, Punggol MRT/LRT Station and Punggol Bus Interchange. To the north is the Matilda House.

</doc>
<doc id="18302215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302215" title="Thomas Byam Martin">
Thomas Byam Martin

Admiral of the Fleet Sir Thomas Byam Martin, GCB (25 July 1773 – 25 October 1854) was a highly influential British Royal Navy officer who served at sea during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars and then as a naval administrator until his death in 1854. Martin also sat in Parliament for 14 years and was an outspoken critic of government attempts to reduce the Navy budget which ultimately saw him dismissed in 1831 by his old friend King William IV.
During his many years of service, Martin was credited with reforming and modernising the Royal Navy and, for over fifty years after his death, having theretofore been its most effective administrator . Despite his entrenched conservative views, Martin was open to new technologies and worked closely with administrators, shipbuilders and serving officers to convert the fleet from the huge battlefleets of the Napoleonic era to and effective force for colonial and commercial expeditions and defence. He died in 1854 during the Crimean War, still working as a staff officer at Portsmouth.
Early life.
Martin was born in 1773, the third son of Henry Martin later MP for Southampton and a baronet and his wife Eliza Anne Gillman, "née" Parker. Martin's father, Sir Henry Martin, a younger half-brother of Samuel Martin MP, was for many years naval commissioner at Portsmouth and Comptroller of the Navy. Martin's grandfather, Samuel Martin, was a well-known Antigua, West Indies, planter.
Thomas was educated privately at Fresford, before attending Southampton Grammar School and later the Royal Grammar School in Guildford. During his education, he was also enrolled on the books of several Navy ships, a custom of the period to ensure that when he was old enough to go to sea he already would have the requisite "experience" to be considered for promotion early.
In 1785, Martin joined the Royal Naval College, Portsmouth and the following year went to sea for the first time as a captain's servant aboard HMS "Pegasus", captained by Prince William Henry, later King William IV. Martin remained with the Prince when he transferred to HMS "Andromeda" in 1788 and in 1790 was briefly aboard HMS "Southampton" before becoming a lieutenant on HMS "Canada". In the next two years he saw brief service on both HMS "Inconstant" and HMS "Juno" before becoming commander in HMS "Tisiphone" in the Mediterranean at the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars.
War Service.
In November 1793, Martin moved to HMS "Modeste", a frigate recently captured from the French, as a Post captain. Two year later, Martin was transferred to the Channel Fleet and stationed off Ireland in HMS "Santa Margarita", in which he captured the French frigate "Tamise" on 8 June 1796. In the engagement, "Tamise" was badly damaged and suffered heavy casualties while "Santa Margarita"'s losses were only two killed and three wounded.
During most of 1797, Martin was in the West Indies as captain of HMS "Tamar" in which he captured nine privateers and late in the year he commanded the return journey of HMS "Dictator" before taking over the newly captured HMS "Fisgard". In October 1798, "Fisgard" was among those ships deployed to prevent the planned French invasion of Ireland during the Irish Rebellion of 1798 which was defeated at the Battle of Tory Island. "Fisgard" was not present at the battle, being stationed off Brest to intercept returning French ships. On 20 October the "Immortalité" was sighted pursued and captured in a sharp action in which both ships suffered heavy casualties.
In 1798, Martin married Catherine Fanshawe, daughter of Captain Robert Fanshawe, commissioner at Plymouth. The couple had six children and all three of their sons later served in the armed forces, two of whom; William and Henry, later became admirals. The third, Robert, died as a British Army Lieutenant colonel in 1846. Following his marriage, Martin returned to naval service and was actively employed under Sir John Borlase Warren off the French coast, capturing merchant vessels, privateers and warships.
During the Peace of Amiens, Martin was given command of HMS "Impetueux", a ship of the line, and in her was instrumental in rescuing survivors from the wreck of HMS "Venerable" in 1804. In 1807 he moved to command the second rate HMS "Prince of Wales" in the Channel Fleet and in 1808 HMS "Implacable" in the Baltic Sea. In "Implacable", Martin was attached to the Swedish Navy and participated in the capture and destruction of the Russian ship of the line "Sewolod" ("Vsevolod"), for which he was awarded the Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Sword by the Swedish King Gustaf IV Adolf. In 1810 he briefly served in the Mediterranean as Admiral Cuthbert Collingwood's replacement but he returned to the Baltic in 1811, when as a rear-admiral he assisted in the defence of Riga against La Grande Armée during the French invasion of Russia.
Later service.
Between 1812 and 1814, Martin was Second-in-Command Plymouth Command, and in 1813 he visited the Duke of Wellington's headquarters in Spain to co-ordinate army and navy supply requirements and operations. In 1815 at the war's end, Martin was made Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath and deputy comptroller of the navy, advancing to full comptroller the following year, a position he maintained until 1831. In this role, Martin dominated naval strategy, reducing the fleet from the enormous size deployed against the French to a much more streamlined service geared toward protecting merchant trade and the British Empire. He also focused heavily on retaining well-stocked and highly trained dockyards capable of responding rapidly to any international emergency.
Martin's strong pro-Tory political views eventually caused his downfall, when he used his position in the navy and his parliamentary seat for Plymouth to publicly criticise the Whig government of Earl Grey. Infuriated, Grey and Sir James Graham approached Martin's old friend King William IV for a solution, resulting in Martin's dismissal for insubordination.
Martin, who in the intervening years had become a full admiral and a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath entered semi-retirement to care for his frequently ill wife. He was made Vice-Admiral of the United Kingdom in 1847 and in 1849 became an Admiral of the Fleet. In the approach to the Crimean War he returned to service at Portsmouth planning the Baltic Campaign and investigating the possibilities of poison gas weapons. He died in this service at the admiral superintendent's house on 21 October 1854. His death was widely mourned and it has been said that his career as naval comptroller "forms a high point in the history of British naval administration".
Burial:
Thomas Byam Martin was buried in Catacomb B, at the Kensal Green Cemetery,Kensal Green,Greater London, England.
Sarah Catherine Martin.
Martin's sister, Sarah Catherine (c1768-1826), who suffered the attentions of a very young Prince William Henry and never married, while a visitor at the Devonshire house of her sister Mrs Pollexfen Bastard, assembled the rhyme about her sister's housekeeper for the entertainment of fellow guests though she may not be responsible for the first few lines. It was so successful she published it in 1805 as The Comic Adventures of Old Mother Hubbard and her Dog.
Notes.
A Martin-Marten lineage of Admiral Thomas Byam Martin http://sirhenrymarten1562to1641.tribalpages.com/family-tree/sirhenrymarten1562to1641/437/238/SirThomas-Martin-Family

</doc>
<doc id="18302220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302220" title="Annie Zaenen">
Annie Zaenen

Annie Else Zaenen is a Consulting professor at Stanford University in Linguistics and the main editor of the online journal Linguistic Issues in Language Technology (LiLT).
Career.
Zaenen obtained her Ph.D. at Harvard University with her doctoral thesis "Extraction Rules in Icelandic" in 1980. After a post doc at M.I.T. she taught syntax at the University of Pennsylvania, Harvard and Cornell University before joining PARC and Stanford. During the 90s, she was the manager of the Natural Language group of the Xerox Research Centre Europe in Grenoble, France. Zaenen retired from PARC in 2011. She has worked on both the syntax of Germanic languages and on the development of Lexical Functional Grammar (LFG), with excursions into lexical semantics. Her contributions to the theory of Lexical Functional Grammar are in the development of notions such as long-distance dependencies, functional uncertainty and the difference between subsumption and equality. She has had 27 scientific publications between 1996 and 2008. Zaenen is also known for her sharp commentary on research trends in Computational Linguistics. Currently she is a member of a research group on Language and Natural Reasoning at CSLI working on the linguistic encoding of temporal and spatial information, local textual inferences and natural logic.
In 2013 Zaenen was honored by a festschrift edited by Tracy Holloway King and Valeria de Paiva.

</doc>
<doc id="18302227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302227" title="USS Harvard (SP-209)">
USS Harvard (SP-209)

USS "Harvard" (SP-209) was a yacht leased by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was outfitted as a patrol craft and assigned to patrol duty in the North Atlantic Ocean, protecting civilian ships from German submarines. In addition, she saved the lives of a number of survivors from ships that had been torpedoed. Post-war she was decommissioned and returned to her owner in her original civilian shipboard configuration.
Construction.
The second ship to be named "Harvard" by the U.S. Navy, the vessel was a steel yacht, was built as "Eleanor' by Bath Iron Works, Bath, Maine, for William Slater in 1894. She was sold to G F Baker and renamed the "Wacouta' then leased by the Navy from G. F. Baker, New York, New York, 23 April 1917. "Waoouta" was renamed "Harvard" and commissioned 10 May 1917 at New York City, Lt. A. G. Sterling in command. A
World War I service.
Assigned to the North Atlantic.
After being fitted out for overseas service, "Harvard" departed New York City 9 June 1917 with a convoy, and arrived at Brest, France, 4 July. 
She then engaged in patrol duties out of Brest, and on 16 July picked up 59 survivors from the ill-fated British steamship "Trelissick". "Trelissiok" had been torpedoed and sunk 15 July, after having rescued some 30 men from another torpedoed British ship, "Exford", the day before. "Harvard" returned the survivors from both ships safely to Brest.
Continuing her duties around Brest, "Harvard" performed as a harbor patrol and coastal convoy ship. She assisted the torpedoed merchantman "Texas" 29 November 1917 and searched for survivors of the sinking of "Hundaago", a Norwegian steamship, 4 August 1918.
Post-war return to owner.
"Harvard" departed for England 21 November 1918 and remained there until June 1919, when she returned to New York City via Bermuda. The yacht was decommissioned and turned over to her owner 26 July 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18302228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302228" title="Isthmus of Catalina Island">
Isthmus of Catalina Island

The Isthmus of Catalina Island is a 770 meter (842 yards) section of land that joins the northwestern portion of Santa Catalina Island to the main part of the island. It lies approximately southwest of San Pedro Harbor. 
Part of the isthmus is occupied by the town of Two Harbors, named for two harbors on either side of the isthmus, Isthmus Cove and Catalina Harbor. Two Harbors lies on the leeward side facing Isthmus Cove.
The northern part of Santa Catalina contains about one sixth (31.7 km²) of the entire island's land mass.

</doc>
<doc id="18302235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302235" title="Stay Poor Stay Happy">
Stay Poor Stay Happy

Stay Poor.Stay Happy is the second album by the indie-rock band Cub Country, released on 28 September 2004, through the Future Farmer label.

</doc>
<doc id="18302240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302240" title="2008 Hall of Fame Tennis Championships – Singles">
2008 Hall of Fame Tennis Championships – Singles

Fabrice Santoro was the defending champion, and won in the final 6–3, 7–5, against Prakash Amritraj.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18302254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302254" title="2008 Hall of Fame Tennis Championships – Doubles">
2008 Hall of Fame Tennis Championships – Doubles

Jordan Kerr and Jim Thomas were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Mardy Fish and John Isner won in the final 6–4, 7–6(1), against Rohan Bopanna and Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi

</doc>
<doc id="18302256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302256" title="Deeper Waters">
Deeper Waters

Deeper Waters is the first album of duo Robin and Linda Williams on the Red House Records label, released in 2004.
"Deeper Waters" marks the 30th anniversary as a recording and touring unit for Robin and Linda Williams. They wrote or co-wrote all but one track. Guest vocalists include Iris DeMent, Mary Chapin Carpenter, Schuyler Fisk, and actress Sissy Spacek.
Allmusic states "The Williams have issued what amounts to nothing short of a masterpiece and perhaps their most inspired recorded moment. "Deeper Waters" is a testament to the stories that are seldom told yet lived in every community, era, and household. This is the place where love, grief, loss, endings, and beginnings are given utterance: to whisper, weep, laugh, and reflect as they move through lives both ghostly and grand."

</doc>
<doc id="18302265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302265" title="List of twin towns and sister cities in Egypt">
List of twin towns and sister cities in Egypt


</doc>
<doc id="18302266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302266" title="Hypograph">
Hypograph

The term “hypograph” may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18302273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302273" title="Mo Harkin">
Mo Harkin

Maurice "Mo" Harkin (born 16 August 1979 in Derry, Northern Ireland) is a Northern Irish footballer who plays for Egham Town as a midfielder. Harkin has played international football for Northern Ireland at both youth and under-20 level.
Wycombe Wanderers & Carlisle United.
Started his playing career at Wycombe Wanderers when he was the first player to progress from the youth team in the summer of 1996. His first game was against Barnet in the second round of the 1996–97 F.A. Cup where he came on as a substitute in the 60th minute. His first goal did not arrive until 26 August 1997 with a 25-yard chip past the Fulham goalkeeper, a result that ended in a 4–4 draw.
Between the 2000 and 2001 season, Harkin was called up to the Northern Ireland U21 team nine times, making his debut and scoring a goal as a substitute in the 2–1 win over Malta. Harkin was also on the score sheet in the 5–2 against Iceland.
Local media stated that Aston Villa offered Wycombe £800,000 for Harkin, but the deal ended when he picked up an injury.
At the end of the 2000–01 season, at the age of 21, the then manager, Lawrie Sanchez, decided not to renew his contract with the club stating that there was no future for him at Wycombe and maybe a fresh start at another club could restart his football career.
Harkin signed with Carlisle on 20 August 2001 on a month deal but was not renewed.
Non-League football.
Harkin moved south and joined the Hampshire team of Aldershot Town, who were in the Isthmian League at the time. He only made 2 appearances before going north to Nuneaton Borough on 2 January 2002, before returning south to the Sussex team of Crawley Town in June 2002. 
In 2005 he had a short stint at Forest Green Rovers before going to Lewes. 
Mo joined his second Hampshire team, Havant & Waterlooville, in June 2006 who were playing in the Conference South. He made history for Havant by scoring the only goal in the 2007–08 1st round of the FA Cup against York City and sending them into the second round for the first time. He featured in the FA Cup fourth round tie against Liverpool at Anfield. Although Havant lost 5–2 to the Premier League outfit, he was the man on the match.
He joined the newly promoted Conference National side Eastbourne Borough in July 2008. on a free transfer. He made 6 starts for Eastbourne, scoring 1 goal. On Boxing Day, he suffered with a mystery vision problem whilst warming up against Lewes. Harkin was released by Eastbourne at the end of January 2009 transferring to Southern League Premier Division team Farnborough.
In August 2009 Harkin moved to Kingstonian With his first match being a 3–0 win over Hendon in an Isthmian Premier League match. During his time at Kingstonian he was loaned out to Hanwell Town

</doc>
<doc id="18302280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302280" title="Petah Tikva Sgula Railway Station">
Petah Tikva Sgula Railway Station

The Petah Tikva Segula Railway Station is a suburban passenger railway station in Israel, operated by Israel Railways.
It is located in northeast Petah Tikva at the Yarkonim shopping district across the Segula industrial zone and is separated from the rest of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="18302281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302281" title="Maurice Key">
Maurice Key

(John) Maurice Key (born 4 June 1905;died 21 December 1984) was the Anglican Bishop of Sherborne then Truro in the third quarter of the 20th century.
He was educated at Rossall School and Pembroke College, Cambridge and ordained in 1928. Beginning his ministry with a curacy at "St Mary’s Portsea" he was successively Vicar of Aylesbeare, Rector of Newton Abbot and finally (before his elevation to the Episcopate) Rural Dean of the Three Towns.
He was the father of Simon Robert Key.

</doc>
<doc id="18302299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302299" title="2006 Trophée des Champions">
2006 Trophée des Champions

The 2006 Trophée des Champions was a football match held at Stade Gerland, Lyon on July 30, 2006, that saw 2005-06 Ligue 1 champions Olympique Lyonnais defeat 2006 Coupe de France champions Paris Saint-Germain FC 5-4 on penalty kicks after a draw of 1-1.

</doc>
<doc id="18302314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302314" title="2008 Mercedes Cup – Singles">
2008 Mercedes Cup – Singles

Rafael Nadal was the defending champion, but was forced to withdraw due to a knee injury.
Juan Martín del Potro won in the final 6–4, 7–5, against Richard Gasquet.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="18302316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302316" title="Laura Bruschini">
Laura Bruschini

Laura Bruschini (born August 26, 1966 in Lecco) is a former female beach volleyball player from Italy, who represented her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics. Partnering Annamaria Solazzi she thrice claimed the gold medal at the European Championships: 1997, 1999 and 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18302328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302328" title="2008 Mercedes Cup – Doubles">
2008 Mercedes Cup – Doubles

František Čermák and Leoš Friedl were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Christopher Kas and Philipp Kohlschreiber won in the final 6–3, 6–4, against Michael Berrer and Mischa Zverev.

</doc>
<doc id="18302329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302329" title="War Memorial Fieldhouse">
War Memorial Fieldhouse

War Memorial Fieldhouse is a 5,000 seat multi-purpose arena in Laramie, Wyoming. It opened in 1951 along with War Memorial Stadium. It was home to the University of Wyoming Cowboys basketball team from 1951 until 1982 when it was replaced by the Arena-Auditorium. 
Its highest attendance was 10,580 spectators in 1953 in a game against Brigham Young University. It currently hosts the school's wrestling and indoor track and field programs.

</doc>
<doc id="18302357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302357" title="Pueblo linguistic area">
Pueblo linguistic area

The Pueblo linguistic area (or Pueblo Sprachbund, Pueblo convergence area) is a Sprachbund (group of languages with similarities due to language contact) consisting of the language spoken in and near North American Pueblo locations.
Language membership.
The languages of the linguistic area are the following:
The languages belong to five different families: Hopi in Uto-Aztecan, Navajo in Athabaskan, Tanoan, Keresan, and Zuni, which is a language isolate. Navajo is only a marginal member of the Sprachbund and does not share all its linguistic features, as the ancestors of the Navajo originated from Canada and Alaska and were relatively recent newcomers to the Southwest.
Tanoan consists of Taos, Picurís, Tewa, and Jemez. Keresan consists of Eastern Keres and Western Keres.
Shared linguistic traits.
The following are the shared linguistic traits of the Pueblo Sprachbund:
Most languages have ejectives. Zuni may have developed ejectives due to contact with Tanoan and Keresan which both have complete series of ejectives: Zuni has but lacks the ejectives found in the other languages. Taos and Picurís (both Tanoan) have ; Tewa (Tanoan) has ; Jemez (Tanoan) has ; Keresan has (as well as glottalized sonorants ). Navajo has . Hopi, however, lacks ejectives completely.
All languages have aspirated consonants. Again these may have spread to Zuni via contact with Tanoan and Keresan.
Zuni has a five vowel system consisting of "i-e-a-o-u". Some Tanoan languages also have "i-e-a-o-u" systems probably due to influence from Zuni.

</doc>
<doc id="18302359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302359" title="Bjorkman">
Bjorkman

Bjorkman or Björkman is a Swedish-language surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18302360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302360" title="Annamaria Solazzi">
Annamaria Solazzi

Annamaria Solazzi (born December 10, 1965 in Ancona) is a former female beach volleyball player from Italy, who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics: 1996 and 2000. Partnering Laura Bruschini she thrice claimed the gold medal at the European Championships: in 1997, 1999 and 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18302370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302370" title="Paul McIntyre (scientist)">
Paul McIntyre (scientist)

Paul C. McIntyre is an Associate Professor in the Department of Materials Science and Engineering at Stanford University. He is well known for his research in atomic layer deposition for high-k dielectrics, semiconductor/oxide interfaces, and thin film applications. He received his Sc.D. from MIT in 1993. He has won the IBM Faculty Award and was a Charles Lee Powell Foundation Scholar.

</doc>
<doc id="18302380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302380" title="1950 Campeonato Profesional">
1950 Campeonato Profesional

The 1950 Campeonato Profesional was the 3rd season of Colombia's top-flight football league. 16 teams compete against one another and played each weekend. The tournament was notable for being the second year of El Dorado. Deportes Caldas won the league for 1st time in its history after getting 45 points. Millonarios, the defending champion, was 2nd with 43 points.
Background.
The tournament was the second year of El Dorado. The debutants teams were Cúcuta Deportivo and Sporting de Barranquilla, while Atlético Junior, who had been replaced by Deportivo Barranquilla the previous year, returned to the tournament. In March 17, the DIMAYOR introduced new rules: All the teams had to wear jersey numbers, all grounds must be properly delimited and the length of the matches had to be respected, etc. In July 1, Huracán and América draw 6-6, being the draw with more goals in the history of the Categoría Primera A.
League system.
Every team played two games against each other team, one at home and one away. Teams received two points for a win and one point for a draw. If two or more teams were tied on points, places were determined by goal difference. The team with the most points is the champion of the league.
Final standings.
Top goalscorers.
Source: RSSSF.com Colombia 1950

</doc>
<doc id="18302400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18302400" title="Danja Müsch">
Danja Müsch

Danja Müsch (born April 14, 1971 in Kassel) is a former female beach volleyball player from Germany, who represented her native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics: 1996, 2000 and 2004. Partnering Beate Bühler she claimed the gold medal at the 1994 European Championships in Almería, Spain.
Müsch currently works for German TV station Sport1, reporting on volleyball and handball.

</doc>
