<doc id="18369728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369728" title="List of Sugar Rush episodes">
List of Sugar Rush episodes

This is a list of episodes of the British television programme "Sugar Rush", broadcast by Channel 4 from 2005 to 2006. There have been 2 series of the programme, the first airing in 2005 and the second in 2006. Each series consists of ten episodes, each 30 minutes long, including adverts. Episodes do not have individual titles.
Series 1 (2005).
The first series consists of ten episodes and follows a 15-year-old Kim's unrequited crush on Sugar.
Episode 1.
The first episode starts with Kim and Sugar on the waltzers on Brighton Pier. Slowly, Sugar moves in to kiss Kim. The scene then suddenly moves to Kim in bed, under a duvet with her eyes closed, and the sound of whirring. The door knocks, and she suddenly jumps up, and the whirring stops. The whirring was an electric toothbrush she was using to "masturbate about her best friend". She quickly hides the toothbrush under some magazines before her dad comes in, and he tells her that she'll 'go blind'...reading without the lights on. 
Viewers are then taken to the time when Kim moved into the house, and she says that her family moved from London the previous week so that they could get away from the filth of London and spend more family time together. Viewers are introduced to the family and the neighbours, gay couple Dave and David. They recommend a handyman that Nathan and Stella should hire to fix up their house, saying something to suggest that he might be gay.
Kim then speaks of how she met Maria Sweet, otherwise known as Sugar. She says how she is sexually obsessed with her, but Sugar is straight, and doesn't know that Kim has feelings for her. Kim was standing outside a clothes shop when she first met Sugar; Sugar ran out of the shop after setting off the security alarms. As she ran past Kim, Sugar stuffed her bag with stolen clothes, and ran off.
Now back in reality again, on her way to school, Kim wonders how she knows she's gay if she's never had sex with a man. As she's thinking this, a male student she walks past starts flirting with her, to which she replies, "Die". He responds with "Dyke". As the scene changes to Sugar and Kim in the school's toilets, Kim says to Sugar that she wants to have sex, before quickly adding 'with a man'. Sugar thinks that Kim has a crush on a guy, oblivious to the fact it is her that Kim is in love with.
Later, when Kim is at home, she meets Dale the handyman, who Stella is perving over. Kim quickly goes to her bedroom where she calls Sugar and tells her about him. She is then invited to her flat, so that she can get tips on flirting with men. On entering Sugar's bedroom, Kim is told to strip, and that few men would be attracted to her in the clothes she's wearing. Kim and Sugar get drunk, and then start trying on clothes. Sugar throws Kim onto her bed, climbs on top of her, and tells Kim to flirt with her, pretending that she is Dale. Kim, getting sexually aroused, says that she must go home and leaves.
When Kim gets back to her house, she says that trying to sleep with Dale isn't the most important thing in the world for her anymore, being displaced by Sugar. As she enters the house, she hears loud banging and assumes it's Dale doing more work. As she gets closer to the kitchen, she hears moaning, and as she opens the door, she finds Stella bent over the kitchen table having sex with Dale. They are finally alerted to Kim's presence when she drops her keys in shock. She quickly runs out of her house, followed down the street by Stella, who tries to justify what she did by saying that nobody is perfect. Kim then runs away.
Later, back at home, Kim says that she is going to be sick at the dining table when things that everybody says, such as toad in the hole, are interpreted as a sexual innuendo. She leaves the table to go to her bedroom so she can call Sugar, but is stopped by the doorbell. Hoping it is Sugar, she opens the door, but instead is greeted by Tom, the adopted son of Dave and David. Kim invites him into her house, despite the fact that she doesn't like him and they don't have anything to talk about. He kisses Kim, quickly saying afterwards that he isn't queer, before leaving to go to the bathroom. While Tom is in the bathroom trying to do something about his bad breath, assuming this is why Kim didn't enjoy the kiss, Kim leaves the house to meet up with Sugar at a club. Sugar tries - and fails - to cheer Kim up by saying that her mother has good taste in men if she's willing to have an affair with Dale, and then introduces her to Daz and "The Donkey", who by her admission is the worst DJ in Brighton. While Sugar gets intimate with Daz, Kim sits next to 'The Donkey'.
Meanwhile, Nathan is massaging Stella's feet, commenting on the fact that Kim is acting strangely, not knowing that this is because of Kim's discovery of Stella's affair with Dale. He says that she hasn't been calling him Dad, before Stella reminds him that they've never asked the children to call them mum and dad, but instead Stella and Nathan. For a brief moment, he wonders if Kim hates them.
Kim, frustrated at having to watch Sugar hook up with a man, goes to the toilets to think. When she comes out of her thirty minute daydream, she notices Sugar has come looking for her, and when she finds her, she goes into the cubicle next to Kim's so that she can climb over, as Kim had locked the door. After telling Kim how her dad used to sleep around, Sugar gets out a marker pen and draws her foot on the cubicle wall. She then gets Kim's foot, and draws around hers. Sugar advises that Kim gets drunk and forgets about her problems, and tells her that when she lost her virginity, she was too drunk at the time to remember anything about it. When Kim leaves the club, she starts crying as she walks home. Once there, she checks on her brother before going to her room, but stops as she sees Stella in her bedroom talking and laughing on the phone with who is assumed to be Dale. Nathan goes to Kim's room with food, and as he asks if something is wrong - Kim addresses him as Dad. He leaves Kim's bedroom happy, thinking that she is okay.
Episode 2.
Kim starts the second episode by saying how life is never how you want it to be. Whilst she's in her bedroom getting ready to go out, Stella comes in and tries to play nice with her in an attempt to keep Kim from telling Nathan that she is having an affair with Dale the handyman. She sprays some of Kim's perfume on herself, uses the lip-gloss that Kim has in her hand, and asks if she can borrow some jeans. Sugar tells Kim that she should get revenge on her mother. Kim tries to thwart Stella's plans of meeting Dale by telling Nathan that she was planning to take the family bowling. Nathan is happy at the thought of going, but reminds Stella and Kim that they can't go as they have to go to a parents evening at Kim's school.
At the school, Kim's teacher asks Kim's parents how they think Kim is settling in, to which they reply that she is settling in fine. At this point, viewers are shown Kim with Sugar, drinking vodka and trying to think of ways to annoy Stella. Kim's teacher then asks if her parents think that moving may have disrupted Kim's life, and Stella says no. The teacher says that she thinks Kim is distracted, as though she's worried about something. Stella tries to defend Kim for her own sake by saying that she's probably fine.
Kim is telling Sugar that she's horrified at the fact that Stella wants to have a "mother and daughter day", but Sugar is excited to hear of it when she's told that Stella invited her to come with them. Stella and Sugar are enjoying the spa, but Kim isn't. At the end of the session, Stella leaves her credit card on a table as she and Sugar drink more alcohol and discuss the affair. Kim tells Stella to end the affair with Dale if she really loves her father, but Stella is trying to blame her for having the affair on Nathan. Kim walks out, and is followed by Sugar shouting her name down the street. Kim asks if Sugar knows what's wrong, and Sugar can't answer, so she carries on walking away. Sugar runs up to Kim, and Kim asks why she was being so nice to Stella after she knew everything that had gone on, and Sugar asked if Kim wanted revenge or not. Kim answers yes, and Sugar then pulled Stella's credit card out of her back pocket. They enter a shop and pick up a lot of clothes, and as Kim is saying how nothing can get in their way, they go to the counter to pay for the goods with Stella's card, only to realise that the shop has installed a Chip and PIN terminal. After Sugar hesitates, Kim grabs the machine keypad from Sugar and keys in the PIN, the display reading "Sale complete". They then go to other various shops and buy more clothes and shoes, and Sugar orders a crate of alcopops with her mobile phone.
Back at Sugar's flat, Kim realises that Sugar only wants Kim for her mother's credit card after Sugar asks if she can leave it when she goes home. Kim then gets angry at Sugar, and tells her that she won't continue being her lapdog. When Kim returns home, she finds Stella and Dale in the front room about to have sex, but quickly acts natural when they hear Nathan and Matt come back. Kim has a daydream about her telling Nathan that Stella and Dale are having an affair, but what really happens is quite the opposite - Kim lies for her mother by saying that she was trying on Kim's new clothes. When Stella speaks to Kim about it later, Kim is crying about having lied about the affair, saying that she wants the family to be how they were and that she doesn't want Nathan and Stella to split up. Stella says they won't split up, but then adds that this would only happen if Nathan didn't find out about the affair.
Kim later meets up with Sugar at the club, who is getting off with Ray the doorman. When sarcastically asked if she wants to watch them making out, Kim says no, but after turning around, she turns back.
Episode 3.
Kim opens the bathroom cabinet and looks at all the pills that are in there, then leaves for school. It's Nathan and Stella's fifteenth wedding anniversary, and Stella is still continuing her affair with Dale.
Sugar gets chewing gum on her underwear, so she and Kim go to the toilets, where she throws her underwear in the bin so that she can change into something else. Whilst Sugar's in a cubicle, Kim waits by the sinks, and some other girls come in and talk about a girl who got date raped. The girls leave, and Kim takes Sugar's underwear from the bin, putting it into her bag.
Kim, back at home, is back in the bathroom looking at the drugs in the cabinet, and starts to consider date-raping Sugar; and because of the amount of drugs there, and because of what Sugar said about always being too drunk to remember having sex with anybody, Kim believes it will be perfectly okay. Kim moves to the kitchen to look for drugs, and is caught by Stella. She doesn't know why Kim is looking for drugs, so moves to make herself an alcoholic drink. Nathan comes home, and Kim goes upstairs. Stella says that she has an appointment at the hairdressers. Nathan takes blue paint up to Matt's room, who fills an old margarine tub with it. He then paints a doll blue and dunks his pet hamster in the paint.
Nathan drives Stella part-way to the hairdressers so that she can secretly go to a hotel room with Dale, where they have sex. During the sex, Stella worries that Kim might have found contraceptive pills that she is taking, which worries her because Nathan has had a vasectomy. Stella then convinces herself that Kim is trying to commit suicide by taking an overdose, and she quickly leaves to go home. Dale then orders a pornographic movie on the hotel pay channel to relieve his sexual frustration.
Kim walks down the street, and is followed by Tom. He tries to ask her out, but he again blunders by nervously stating that he is not queer.
Kim, back at home, pops the pills out of the packaging and into a box, before she is interrupted by Stella, who wants "talk". Stella confronts Kim about the pills that are missing, and tries to get Kim to tell her what's happening. Kim tells her that they're for a domestic dangers project for school, but from Stella's reaction, she doesn't believe her. She asks if she'd do anything stupid, but Kim doesn't give her a yes or no answer. Stella and Nathan then leave to attend their anniversary dinner. At this point Matt has painted himself in blue. Kim is now having doubts about date-raping Sugar, but leaves a handful of pills on a table nevertheless whilst she looks for alcohol. Sugar's at the door, and she has in one hand a bottle of wine, a pizza in the other. Kim puts the pizza on the table, on top of the pills; and when Sugar goes to pick up the pizza she is surprised to see the medication there. Kim leaves through the back door for a moment, and when she returns, the pills are gone. She sees Sugar not moving on the sofa, with her eyes closed, and thinks she has taken the pills and lost consciousness. She runs towards Sugar, and places her hands on her breasts, asking her to breathe. Sugar then exhales cigarette smoke in Kim's face and removes an earphone from her ear, wondering why Kim's hands are on her breasts. A thud is then heard in the corridor, and as Nathan and Stella come through the front door, they find Matt unconscious on the floor. Kim tells Sugar the following day that Matt's stomach was pumped at the hospital, and that he took the pills because he thought they were 'space-food'.
Stella and Nathan are worried about both of their children now, so they take Matt to a psychologist. Sugar offers to let Kim stay at her flat for a while, to take a bit of stress off the rest of Kim's family. They agree to sleep in the same bed, facing opposite ends. Before Kim and Sugar go to sleep, Kim finds out that Sugar takes sleeping pills anyway, as she can't sleep without them. She then disappears underneath the covers.
Episode 4.
The family are at the beach, but it's cold and raining. Nathan and Matt are wearing SCUBA equipment, and Stella and Kim are in the car. Kim goes to Sugar's house, planning to tell her either that she loves her or that they can no longer be friends. What actually happens, is Sugar opens the door in her underwear, with cream around her pubic area. Kim goes in, and Sugar tells her that she has pubic lice, but doesn't know who she got them off.
Kim goes home and after finding out how pubic lice can be passed on, she realises she herself has them. At the dining table, Kim sees Stella wearing her jeans, without her permission. Later, Kim is putting clothes and her teddy bear in the washing machine. Stella's told Nathan that she's gone out to help a friend whose mother recently died, and Nathan believes this, much to the disappointment of Kim.
Meanwhile, Stella and Dale, after fighting to get Kim's jeans off, discover that they both have pubic lice as well. As Nathan has stayed faithful to Stella, and as Dale is the only person Stella has had an affair with, she assumes the lice are from him. Back at home, Stella also puts her clothes in the washing machine. Kim is now convinced that she gave her mother the lice, and they both use lice shampoo. It is when Nathan and they are sitting together in the living room, he points out a smell, and they both reply, "hair remover", as Stella thinks she has passed the lice onto Kim. She goes to Kim's bedroom and tries to explain this to her, trying to get close to her, but Kim manipulates the situation by telling Stella to stop borrowing her clothes, and to end the affair with Dale if they don't want Nathan to find out.
Kim and Matt wake up in the middle of the night because of Stella and Nathan's arguing. Nathan is trying to confront Stella about the pubic lice he's now got, and he tells Stella that he hasn't slept with anybody other than her in eighteen years. Stella then admits to Nathan that she's been sleeping with Dale. Kim goes to see Sugar, and cries on her doorstep. She later says how Sugar's crabs put her family in crisis, and then shows signs that she may still be infected. Sugar tells Kim to take her clothes off so that she can put the lice killing cream on her.
Episode 5.
Nathan says that he doesn't want Stella in the house anymore, and that he doesn't care where she goes.
Kim is introduced to Sugar's new boyfriend Guillaume, who is a Frenchman in England as a language student that doesn't speak any English. Sugar can't speak any French, so there's a language barrier between the two of them that Sugar wants Kim to bridge.
Stella's moved in with Dale, but points out that his house is a mess. Despite Stella's recent breakup, she still continues the affair with Dale.
Kim is angry about the fact that nobody is listening to her, and leaves Sugar and her boyfriend alone. When asked who's going to translate for her, Kim tells Sugar to "fuck off" in French.
Sugar calls Kim during the night to ask how to say cunnilingus in French, and Kim says she doesn't know. She later realises that she can have Sugar to herself again if she gets Sugar to leave Guilliamme, or if Guilliamme leaves her; so she calls Sugar back and tells her how to say that she wants anal sex in French, but doesn't tell her this.
Kim wakes up the next morning and goes downstairs to find that Nathan has been sawing at the kitchen table's legs to get it even, and it is now at foot level. 
Meeting up with Sugar at the fair, Sugar tells Kim that she didn't quite get what she was expecting the night before, but it was still good. Kim is disappointed to hear that Sugar enjoyed herself with Guillaume, but then thinks of another way to split them up. Kim starts deliberately mis-translating what Sugar and Guillaume are saying to each other, telling Sugar that he wants to leave when he said he wanted to stay, and telling him that Sugar wanted him to leave when she asked Kim to try to get him to stay.
Sugar starts wondering why Guilliame wanted to leave, and Matt tells her that Kim told him that Sugar needed some alone time. They all go in Kim's house, and they find Nathan sleeping on what was the kitchen table. Sugar and Kim move him to the sofa, and they speak about Sugar and Guillaume. Sugar says she'll forgive Kim if she can get her one more night with Guillaume. Kim meets up with Guillaume, and gives him a load of reasons to meet up with her again. The fact that he apparently didn't give Sugar an orgasm, although according to Sugar, he did, is what makes him go back to her one more time before he leaves in 48 hours.
Kim goes to Dale's flat to speak to Stella, and she wants her to come back home. At Dale's house, Stella is cleaning and cooking, doing things that she didn't do while she was living with Nathan. She is under the impression that her family are better off without her living with them, but Kim objects. Kim goes back home without Stella, and Nathan is getting back to normal. When Nathan asks how Stella was, Kim lies and says that she is miserable at Dale's, and that she'll be back living with them soon.
Guilliame is about to board the coach to go back home, but Sugar doesn't want him to leave. He calls her "my little whore" in French, but Kim deliberately mis-translates it as "my little angel" to avoid upsetting Sugar. After he boards the coach and sits at the back, Sugar asks what else he said, and Kim says that he said he loves her; and that he'd like to see two women kissing. Sugar then pulls Kim towards her and kisses her, leaving Guilliame stunned as his coach drives away.
Episode 6.
Kim is in a happy mood after finally getting what she wanted. She even says morning to Tom. When Kim gets to Sugar's flat, she sees Sugar packing her stuff in a bag, preparing to go to Paris to see Guillaume. She thinks that he loves her because of Kim's deliberate manipulation of the situation.
Stella gets a box delivered to her that has written on it "Happy Birthday, Whore". It is the rest of her belongings, that she didn't get from home.
As Sugar's about to get on the coach so that she can go to France, Kim tries to confess about deliberately telling her lies. Sugar doesn't believe her until Kim tells her to look up a word in the dictionary that she stole. After realising that he doesn't love her, Sugar returns home, with Kim carrying the suitcase. Sugar and Kim go to the club and find Tom there. Kim and Sugar sit together, and Tom is sitting at the other side of the bar watching them.
In the bathroom, Sugar speaks about why things go so wrong for her, and Kim tells her that perhaps she's looking in the wrong place for romance, at the same time subtly flirting with her. Sugar says that she's looking for somebody to fuck, not somebody to love. After finally giving up on the fact that Sugar doesn't have feelings for her, Kim walks away and sits on a fairground ride on her own, thinking.
After getting off the ride, Kim decides, again, that it's time she told Sugar how she feels. She goes to Sugar's bedroom, and speaks to a body underneath her bedsheets. She goes on to say that she loves her, but then Sugar comes into the bedroom through the door. Under the sheets is Tom.
Kim wakes up the next morning, and regrets having gotten too drunk to remember what happened the night before. Sugar tells Kim of the amazing sex she thinks she and Tom had the night before, before she gets a phone call from him. She is evidently over Guillaume. At Sugar's flat, Kim goes home annoyed and upset at the fact that Sugar picked Tom over her. Kim decides to plan a bit of revenge by kidnapping Tom's dog while he's in a shop. While Tom's looking for his dog, he gets a text message telling him to collect her at 8pm. She ties Vanessa, the dog, to a lamppost and then walks off, leaving her sitting by the side of the road.
Nathan is looking at some of Matt's drawings, and finds one of what is meant to be Stella, written underneath it is "Fucking whore". Nathan goes to Matt's bedroom, and obscenities and death wishes are written all over the walls in red paint. Matt has also painted himself red. Nathan gives Matt a bath to wash the paint off him, explaining to him that his mother isn't a whore.
Sugar and Kim are at the club, and Sugar tells Kim that Tom has cancelled on her at 7:55pm. Tom arrives to where Vanessa was tied, but she has come free of her lead. She runs into the road, and is hit by several cars, killing her.
Sugar and Kim are at the Pier, and she now remembers what really happened the night she was with Tom. Tom had ejacuated before they even got their clothes off. She says how if Kim could stand the premature ejaculations, she and Tom would probably be a good couple. Kim says she's not jealous, and says that Tom is definitely not her type. Sugar jokingly suggests perhaps she is more Kim's type, and Kim doesn't reject this claim. Sugar then realises that Kim has feelings for her, and Kim leaves abruptly. Sugar is left on her own to think as Kim walks through home through Brighton.
Episode 7.
Kim has stayed in her bedroom for a week after the events that occurred in Episode 6. Sugar has been calling her frequently, but Kim hasn't been answering the calls. Nathan comes into Kim's room, which is a mess, and he is under the impression that she isn't feeling well. Kim gets out of bed, and goes out to speak to Sugar.
Despite the fact that Sugar now knows that Kim is gay and that she fancies her, she's acting as though none of this has come out, which this worries Kim.
Sugar asks what lesbians do , but Kim doesn't actually know. Sugar asks how she knows she's gay if she's never had sex with a man, but Kim requests that they change the subject. Sugar tells Kim that she's done with men, and it's time she found other ways to enjoy herself. Later, when Sugar and Kim are sitting in deck chairs next to each other, Sugar puts out her hand, inviting Kim to hold it, and she does so.
Outside a nightclub, Sugar gives Kim half of an ecstasy tablet, she takes the other half. In the nightclub, they both dance with each other. When asked by a man if they are both lesbians, Sugar replies that they are. She then kisses Kim twice, the second more intimate than the first. Kim goes to the bar to order drinks for her and Sugar, and when she goes back to find her, she's making out with the man that asked if she was gay. Running outside, Kim is physically sick, and starts crying. She staggers down the road and finds her mother sitting on a bench.
Stella tells Kim that she got bored with Dale, and that he was only good for sex. Sitting in a taxi, going home, Kim reminds herself of the happy times she had with Sugar; with her mother almost unconscious on her shoulder.
Episode 8.
As Kim starts destroying and disposing of all the things that she has of Sugar's, Kim picks up a drinks can that Sugar had drank out of, and puts her lips to it for a short moment before throwing it away.
Kim starts attending an ex-gay group at a church. It is here where she first meets Beth, a girl who is only at the ex-gay meetings so that she can meet other girls. Back at school, Kim sees Sugar, and in an attempt to block out her gay inhibitions, she keeps quoting, "Sugar is bad for me". One of the "steps" of the ex-gay program involves "hanging out with like-minded people", and it is while she is carrying this out that she falls for Beth. However, Kim suddenly gets worried that she is falling for girls that aren't Sugar, and decides to get drunk so that she might forget about things. She goes to the bar of the club, but doesn't get served because she is under-aged; so a man walks up and buys one for her. They get on, and the guy gropes Kim at every opportunity. In the toilets, in the same cubicle where Sugar and Kim drew on the wall, they get intimate and as Kim says "fuck", the guy interprets this as a request, and tries to pull his and her pants and underwear down. While this is happening, Kim starts to shake and cry as she looks at the feet drawn on the wall, and reminisces of when it happened. She starts sobbing, and the guy thinks it's his fault. Realising she's a virgin, and thinking this is why she's crying, he quickly leaves, reiterating the fact that he didn't do anything.
On the street, Tom runs up to Kim and says hi to her; Kim speaks to him, telling him about all her problems with Nathan and Stella. They reach Tom's front door, and he invites her in. They get drunk, and have sex, but during the ordeal, Kim is imagining it being with Sugar. Afterwards, Kim says that she has to leave so that she can do homework, and before she does, Tom thanks her.
In an attempt to be spontaneous, after something Stella said to him, Nathan prepares a dessert for her. After throwing it onto her, Stella and Nathan get intimate. They start to have sex on the table, but Stella starts to choke on cake that Nathan threw into her mouth. He tries to perform the Heimlich Maneuver, but he breaks a rib
. Nathan dials 999 and asks for an ambulance.
Kim leaves Tom's house and sees an ambulance outside. As she runs towards it, she notices that her mother is being taken away, wearing an oxygen mask and covered in food. She goes inside and sees Matt on the table eating the rest of the dessert. When she goes up to her bedroom, she sees Sugar on her bed. Sugar says she brought a bottle of whiskey, but as Kim wasn't there, she drunk it. Sugar tells Kim that the kiss in the nightclub was no big deal, and that they were on E at the time. Kim tells her that it was a big deal to her, and Sugar starts to play up to what Kim wanted and expected of her, going as far as kissing her, before she leaves.
At the ex-gay group, Kim makes subtle flirts towards Beth as they all 'pray'.
Episode 9.
Stella, back from hospital, is in bed and relies on Nathan for everything she wants or needs that would involve moving. Tired of this, Nathan goes to Kim and asks if she can look after Matt while he's left Stella. Kim goes to a café. Beth, who is also there, sees Kim crying, and asks if she's alright. She sits with her, and she tells her about how Nathan's left Stella. Kim tells Beth that she's still wanting to have sex with Sugar. Beth tells Kim that she's only going to the Christian ex-gay classes to see who she might be able to pull. They then leave the café, walking around, and they see Tom. Tom thinks that he and Kim are a couple, and that she wants to be his girlfriend, but Kim tells him that she's gay. She then walks off with Beth, who says that Sugar is a waste of her time. Beth asks why Kim has only met one girl that she likes in the three months that she's lived in Brighton, and says that she should be taking advantage of what Brighton's famous for. She then points to the water and asks if Kim has had a swim in it yet, to which she replies no. Beth then grabs Kim by the hand and runs into the water with her, fully clothed. In "Lost Vegas", where Kim and Beth are drying their hair, Beth moves over to kiss Kim.
Tom is in his bed, upset about Kim. One of his dads comes into his room and asks if he is okay, and Tom tells him that he slept with her, and that she now has a girlfriend. He is devastated about this, as he says he loved her. Tom's dad tries to comfort him by saying that having slept with a lesbian is considered by some people to be an achievement.
Kim asks Beth why she can't meet somebody who likes her, and after a moment, she kisses Beth. Beth tells Kim that she should speak to Stella about her having come back home.
Kim tells Stella that she wants her to speak to Nathan, but Stella's trying to think of reasons why she shouldn't. Kim tells Stella that she's not a good mother, but she still wants her as long as she's with Nathan. Stella calls Nathan, and as Kim goes out later, she meets him on the doorstep. Nathan tells Stella that she's turned him into a man that he never wanted to be, and that he thinks Stella should leave. As Kim walks past Tom, he is smoking a cigarette and appears to have his own crew. He tells them that he 'had her and her girlfriend', to the amazement of the people around him. He then chokes on his cigarette, throws it away, hands his trombone to one of the people, and walks down the street, with them following him.
Kim and Beth meet at Brighton Pier, but as Kim walks up to Beth, her phone rings. It's Sugar, sounding upset and distressed, saying that she needs her. Viewers then see Sugar on the phone to Kim, covered in blood. Kim looks at Beth, and suddenly runs away to find Sugar, standing her up.
Episode 10.
Kim is on the beach looking for Sugar, shouting her name. She finds her on the ground, crying, covered in blood. Kim asks what happened, but Sugar tries to leave. Kim doesn't let her leave, so Sugar tells her that she stabbed somebody.
Now night, Sugar and Kim are walking through Brighton Pier, and Sugar asks how much money Kim has. Kim says she doesn't have a lot, so Sugar goes around stealing things from shops as she walks past, and unattended handbags. Kim tries to get Sugar to go to her house by telling her that she has money there. Sugar tells Kim that she's planning on going to London. She asks Kim if she wants to come, but then tells her to forget that she asked when she doesn't get an answer. When Kim gets home, Stella tells her that her and Nathan are getting a divorce. Kim goes to her bedroom and cries, but then wonders why she's staying to wait for Stella to leave when she can go to London with Sugar. She packs all of her essentials into a bag, and goes through her parents' things for money and things that she can sell, then leaves the house.
Sugar and Kim see a police car, and Sugar hides from it, scared. Sugar is paranoid and worried that there may be snipers on the roofs of buildings, and then tells Kim that they need to leave as soon as possible. They get on a bus, but don't know where they or the bus are going.
In a cafe, Sugar tells Kim what happened. She was having sex with a man at the beach, and when he finished, his friend tried to have sex with her. Sugar told him to stop, but he didn't, so she stabbed him with a glass bottle. Sugar then breaks down and asks why nobody truly falls in love with her. Kim asks if Sugar knows how to steal a car, and they then do so. Sugar hot wires it and they leave Brighton via the motorway. Kim asks if she can have a go at driving, and when she does, Sugar worries about the speed she's driving at. After trying to tell her to slow down, Kim loses control of the car. It doesn't crash, but Sugar starts screaming at Kim. Kim pulls over, and they both get out of the car. Sugar tells Kim to go back home, but Kim tells her that she doesn't have a home to go back to. She then goes on to say that Sugar is technically raped every time she has sex with somebody in an incredibly drunk state.
Sugar and Kim get back in the car, with Sugar in the driver's seat. Sugar tells Kim how she'll be successful, marrying another woman and living in a penthouse with a view of the New York skyline. Kim tells Sugar that she will also be successful, but Sugar disagrees with her, saying that when she gets out of prison, she'll be overweight and have a heroin addiction. Sugar then says that she wants a penthouse, if only for one night. Kim smiles at Sugar, and tells her to drive.
They arrive in London, and stop their car in front of an expensive hotel. In the penthouse suite, Kim and Sugar look out of the window looking at the London skyline, and later share a bath together, toasting Stella's credit card, as this is what they used to get into the hotel room. Sugar complains that the champagne is dry, and asks Kim to get some sugar for it. Kim says that sugar doesn't go in champagne, and Sugar replies by saying that a little bit of Sugar can go in anything. She then uses her foot to sexually arouse Kim, but Kim rejects her advances, saying not to do it if she doesn't mean it.
Sugar later asks Kim if she would rather be at the hotel with Beth, but Kim says she'd rather be with Sugar. Sugar then asks who is a better kisser out of herself and Beth, but Kim doesn't give her a straight answer. Kim then asks Sugar who she'd rather be with, if she could pick anybody in the world. She says she'd rather be with Brad Pitt, but Kim would do. Kim asks Sugar why, and then asks why Sugar called Kim. She says she knew Kim would come, and Kim then analyses the situation. She says that her life with Sugar would probably never change, with Kim always doing things for Sugar, but Sugar would never be able to repay her. Kim then walks to the window and cries at it. Sugar walks up to her and apologises. She then tries to kiss Kim, but is rejected. She says that she means it this time, and they kiss.
The next morning, Kim wakes up in bed with Sugar next to her. A police car pulls up in front of the hotel, and Stella and Nathan get out of it with two police officers, entering the hotel.
Series 2 (2006).
Episode 1.
starts eighteen months after the events that took place in the last episode of the first series. Kim is back on the waltzer, but this time with two different girls. Back in reality, according to Kim, everything is back to normal; she is in bed with her electric toothbrush again, except this time it isn't working as well as it has done previously. Again, Kim is interrupted, but this time it is Stella. She asks if Kim has amy wants her to buy her a Diva magazine or some K-Y Jelly, it clearly obvious that she now knows Kim is gay.
Stella is back with Nathan, and she is embracing monogamy. Kim, about to go out, is stopped by Nathan, who wants to know where she's going. From his attitude, he also knows that Kim is gay. Kim tells her father that she's going to meet Sugar who is now in a Young Offenders Institute The reason Sugar is in prison, and Kim isn't, is because Sugar had been in prison previously, and she verbally assaulted the judge. Sugar is the last person Kim has had sex with, and she doesn't appreciate Kim waiting for her to come out, but Kim is struggling to find somebody that likes her for the right reasons.
Nathan and Stella are having relationship problems - Stella is desperate for sex, and not much else. It is because of this that Stella and Nathan have started sex therapy sessions. Much to Stella's disappointment, the sex therapy involves no sex.
Kim, walking around the Pier wondering about her relationship with Sugar and other women, bumps into another woman who is carrying a bag full of sex toys, that all fall out of the bag onto the ground. After Kim and the woman have picked them all up and put them back into the bag, the woman says it was nice bumping into Kim, and walks off. Kim follows the woman to a shop that she unlocks, that has written on the door, "Brighton's only women's sex shop". Kim decides to enter the shop, shocked by all the sex toys. When she's startled by the woman, she wants to ask her out, but cops out and instead picks up a pair of vibrating lovets, asking to buy them. Over several shop visits, she picks up a bottle of Liquid Silk; a wand; an "Easy Pleaser"; and a vibrating clit pump, where Kim is invited to buy two to receive free rechargeable batteries; each time meaning to ask the woman out. The shop owner eventually gives up and invites Kim to "The CC", which is short for "The Clit Club", and introduces herself as Saint.
When Kim later goes to the club, she meets Saint there, who enthusiastically welcomes her, asking her to buy a drink and speak to her in a while. When Kim sees Saint inviting others as enthusiastically as she did her, she realises she's not on a date with Saint, as she initially believed. At the bar, Kim meets another woman, who offers to buy Kim a drink. She introduces herself as Anna, and flirts with Kim, and Kim tells her that she is a journalist who recently returned from London. She asks Kim if she wants to go back to her place, and Kim accepts, much to the disappointment of Saint, who sees them leaving.
The next morning, Anna asks Kim to take the day off work, and Kim realises she was meant to finish an essay. After Anna realises that Kim isn't a journalist, she takes Kim home, but instead of leaving her there, she is invited in. Kim partially dresses up in her school uniform, much to the amusement of Anna. When Nathan and Stella get back home, they arrive to Kim across Anna's lap, being spanked by Anna.
Kim meets Anna at the club the next day, and also sees Saint, who tries to explain how she feels to her. When she reaches Anna, she sees that she has met another girl and is taking her to her house. Kim then goes back home and cries in her bedroom. Nathan takes Kim's washing to her room, then tells her that he may have overreacted when he saw her and Anna the day before.
Kim goes to prison the next day, and tells Sugar that Anna dumped her. Sugar tells Kim that she's jealous because Kim has a life, and all she has is Kim's prison visits. On Kim's way home, she again bumps into Saint. Saint tells her that she does like her, and gives her mobile number.
Episode 2.
Kim, in class, reads her essay out, but afterwards is told it isn't about the book she was supposed to read. As she walks back to her desk, the books on it drop off, and a girl called Melissa hands the napkin with Saint's phone number written on it to her. As Kim leaves the college, she checks her phone while Melissa unsuccessfully tries to flirt with her. Kim sees that it has been nine hours since she called Saint and left a message on her voicemail, but she has yet to receive a message back. 
Kim visits Sugar in prison again, gives Sugar some drugs, and after Kim tells her that she called Saint so soon after getting her number, she tells Kim that she's a nutter. Kim later decides to send Saint a text if not call her, but when she's typed "Soz for fucking nut", she is startled by Melissa, who loudly announces her presence while standing behind the bench Kim is sitting on. This makes Kim press the send button, and the message as it is gets sent to Saint. Melissa tries to invite Kim to her house to write another essay for the book class.
In her bedroom, Kim wants to call Saint, but remembers telling Sugar that she wouldn't. Instead of calling, Kim goes to the club. Although Saint is the club DJ, she doesn't want to draw attention to her presence, as she doesn't want to come across as being a stalker. She meets Anna at the club, who thinks Kim is there because she can't get over the fact that she and her are over. Kim realises she's acting immature, so leaves. She finally receives a text message that says "Can't do Friday soz".
Kim goes back to prison, and gets told by Sugar that Kim should get another girlfriend to make Saint jealous. She suggests Melissa, so she invites Melissa to her house. On Sugar's advice, Kim tries to get her drunk, but Melissa tells her that she only drinks water after 6 p.m.. Kim tries a different approach, and gets Melissa to change into a revealing red dress.
Kim and Melissa go to the club. Saint apologises for not being available on Friday, and Kim is shattered by the fact that she is now stuck with Melissa. Kim then finds a way to get rid of Melissa, by introducing Anna to her. She plays Melissa up to her, and eventually leaves Melissa to go back to Anna's house. After Saint thinks that Anna stole Melissa from her, she buys Kim a drink, tells her that she knew Melissa wasn't her girlfriend, and kisses her.
The next day, Sugar, about to be reprimanded by the "governor", seduces her and eventually sleeps with her. At Kim's class, Melissa tells Kim that they would be better off as friends.
Episode 3.
Kim is glad that her and Saint's relationship has lasted 48 hours, and they haven't had sex either, but she was worried about the idea of satisfying the woman that owns a sex shop. When invited for lunch at Saint's place, which is above the shop, Kim assumes Saint is inviting Kim round so that they can have sex, but Saint invites Kim to her place for lunch. They both sit down and watch television, Kim starts rubbing her hand down Saint's leg, and it eventually moves to the bedroom, where they have sex. Afterwards, Kim notices that Saint has a tattoo in the shape of a swastika.
Later, when Kim visits Sugar in prison, Sugar tells Kim that she's getting out of prison early, because she slept with one of the staff. Sugar asks Kim if she can live with her for a while, she has nowhere else to go - her mother is moving out of Brighton with a new boyfriend.
At the CC, Anna tries to put Kim off Saint by telling her that Saint still likes men, but Kim doesn't believe her. When she and Saint leave, Saint tells her that she needs to do something early in the morning, so she won't be able to see Kim. Kim is fine with this, and goes home.
Next morning, Kim goes to the prison and tells Sugar that she can stay at her house, but she wants to be picked up in a car. Kim then goes to Saint's, but a man opens the door to her. Kim wants to know why they're both semi-naked and wet, and hopes that what Anna said isn't true. Saint tells her that the man, Mark, is an old friend of hers that was fixing the boiler. When they are all out, Mark calls Saint Sarah, and Kim didn't know that was Saint's real name. Saint tells Kim that Mark is an ex-boyfriend, and that they were never serious, but Kim thinks she is lying about this after she sees he also has a tattoo the shape of a swastika. Saint then leaves Kim, telling her that it's unfair to call her friend to come to Brighton and then just leave him.
Stella and Nathan meet the new neighbours, who are moving into the house that Tom, Dave, and David lived in. Stella blatantly flirts with the Ted, one of them.
Later, at Saint's apartment, Kim gets a gift from Saint: a strap-on dildo. Kim is afraid that this might mean that Saint misses penetrative sex, and that this is a compromise she wants Kim to make. When Kim later gets out of bed wearing her underwear, she hears somebody in the kitchen and assumes it's Saint, but when she gets to the kitchen, she instead finds Mark, who says he is checking the boiler. When asked how he got in, he says he still has a set of keys. Kim gets dressed and goes down to the shop. She asks Saint if she's still sleeping with Mark, and she says no, but Kim doesn't believe her. She storms out of the shop and goes home, to her bedroom. Saint soon knocks on the door and comes in, and they discuss the situation. They sort things out, but Sugar's social worker then comes. Saint hears as the social worker confirms that Sugar will be sleeping in Kim's room, and Saint then walks out, angered. She asks what the difference is between Saint having her ex-boyfriend at her flat, and Kim having her ex-girlfriend at her house. Kim can't give her an answer, so Saint then leaves.
Kim and Saint work things out, and as they get close, Kim realises that she's supposed to pick up Sugar, but decides to stay with Saint, leaving Sugar standing outside the prison, enraged.
Episode 4.
Sugar has now moved into Kim's house, and she is told that she's to sleep on an air bed. While Kim is asking if she wants it soft or hard, Nathan, who is walking past Kim's bedroom, assumes they're "getting re-acquainted", until she comes downstairs and asks where the pump for the airbed is.
Kim takes Sugar and Saint to the CC, and Sugar gets upset about the fact that she's already been surrounded by women for the last 18 months, and she leaves the bar. Saint says that Kim should go after her, which she does. They both then go back to Kim's house, and they go to sleep.
The next day, Nathan and Stella are at the kitchen table, and Stella is looking through a swingers magazine. Nathan is trying to discuss buying a double-bed for Kim and Sugar, as he thinks they are a couple; and he takes the magazine from Stella so that he can get her attention. When he sees the magazine, he thinks Stella is ordering porn, but the magazine was addressed to the new neighbours - it was delivered to the wrong address. When Stella takes it back to the neighbours, Tom flirts with her when he asks if she looked at the pictures or read the magazine. He also asks if Stella and Nathan are available on the weekend, saying that he is having friends over. Stella assumes he is inviting them to his house, but he is asking if she can look after his daughter, as the babysitter he had arranged cancelled.
Sugar has a job at a candy floss stand; it was the only job she was able to get. During a break, Sugar tells Kim that she'd like to meet Saint again, having messed it up the first time. Kim doesn't mind at first, but she is killing their romance.
Saint asks Sugar to suggest a place where they could all go, and Sugar says she'd like to go anywhere where there'll be men. When they get to the club, Kim gets annoyed at the fact that she and Saint can't be alone together, so she decides to leave Sugar there. Saint says that she'll stay with Sugar, and that they'll have fun.
The next day, Kim goes to the candy floss stand, and finds out why business is so rife - Sugar is selling drugs. On Sugar's break, Kim tells Sugar that Saint felt bad for the night before, and Sugar tells her that Saint made a pass at her. When Kim later discusses this with Saint, she realises that Sugar was lying. Saint tells Kim to sort out the problems between herself and Sugar. When Kim asks Sugar why she lied, and why she wants to mess up the relationship she and Saint have, Sugar tells her that she the only person that she has, but she feels unwanted at Kim's house.
Nathan tells Stella that perhaps they should invite the new neighbours round so that they can have a rootfest.
The following morning, Kim wakes up to an empty bed, Sugar is at the beach. Kim calls her, asking her to come back. She says that her home is Sugar's home for as long as she may need it, but she hangs up and walks down the beach, with all her belongings packed into two small bags.
Episode 5.
Kim is walking around Brighton on the phone to Sugar's voicemail service. She goes to the candy floss stand to find her, but she isn't there. Kim finds a prostitute's advert card, written on it "Sugar Lips". Kim calls her again, asking her to call her back or at least get the hat she's holding. She hangs up, and looks in the hat, pulling out drugs. She throws them in a drawer, and goes to Saint's shop. Saint is packing stuff into a box, telling Kim that she's going to a business convention so that she can try and sell some of her merchandise.
Nathan and Stella prepare for the swingers party, but he is nervous about it.
Kim is doing homework on her computer, and decides to call Saint, but gets through to her voicemail. She then gets bad ideas about what Saint could be doing, so calls her again. She then hears loud music blaring out of a car outside her window, and looks outside. She sees Sugar and a man get out of a car, and she snogs him before going inside Kim's house. Sugar says that the man, Dmitri, took her to London, and that she couldn't call Kim. She also says that she's now living there, and is slyly looking for the drugs when she can't find them in the hat. Kim takes the drugs out of the drawer and throws them on the floor, asking if they are what Sugar is looking for. They row, and Kim tells Sugar that she won't visit her should she get imprisoned again, before she storms out of the house. Stella goes up to Kim's room and tries to give her a reason to leave the house, and offers to give her £20 if she stays out until midnight. Kim says she wants £50, so Stella hands her £50 and tells her to stay out until 1 a.m. After Stella leaves her bedroom, Kim looks on the floor and finds some of the tablets that fell out of the bag she threw on the floor earlier are still there.
Now she has nothing to do for the rest of the night, Kim goes to the CC, which is full of women dressed as men. When she orders a drink for a bar, a woman, Montana ( Jemima Rooper), starts shouting at Kim, ecstatic that she's found another woman that isn't dressed as a man. Montana pours Kim a drink, and gives her an Access All Areas sticker so that she can meet up with her afterwards. She then gets on stage and starts singing ""You're Gorgeous". After the performance, Kim meets up with Montana backstage and starts flirting with her. Kim tells Montana that she has a girlfriend, but Montana tries to kiss her anyway. Eventually Kim reciprocates and the two begin to kiss, just as the camera angle pulls back to reveal Saint, who has witnessed the entire event. Saint walks away and goes home. Kim is sitting outside, holding a bottle of alcohol. She takes the pill out of her pocket and swallows it. She is unconscious when Sugar tries to call her, and Sugar leaves a message on her voicemail saying that the pills are dodgy, and that she should throw them away. Montana wakes Kim and takes her out of the club as she would like to go swimming in the sea, but Kim falls to the ground when Montana runs down the beach. She struggles to get back up, and staggers down the beach. She begins to hallucinate, seeing Sugar, Matt, Nathan, and Stella, culminating in a vision of Saint, who hits Kim over the head. All the visions have negative things to say about Kim and her life.
Sugar is trying to find Kim, but Dmitri tells her that if she doesn't go with him now, he will go home without her. Kim, still on the beach, calls Saint, but she doesn't pick up. Kim apologises, and starts telling her that she's sorry. She sings "You're Gorgeous" on the phone, and Saint picks up, telling her to "fuck off". Kim phones her again and continues singing, and Saint realises something is wrong. She asks where Kim is, or what she can see, and Kim replies that she is looking at the "wreck of loneliness"), and falls unconscious.
Kim regains consciousness in a hospital, and a nurse tells her that she is lucky that a friend brought her to the ED in time. When Kim asks who she is talking about, Sugar appears, and walks up to the bedside. She tells her that the drugs were horse tranquilisers, and Kim, assuming it was Sugar who took her to the hospital, thanks Sugar and tells her that she needs her in her life. Sugar receives a phone call from Dmitri, and tells Kim that she needs to go. Shortly after Sugar leaves, Nathan and Stella arrive. Kim realises that she has friends and family that care enough to visit her; with exception to Saint.
Viewers are then shown what happened during the time that Kim was unconscious. After the 'phone call from the delirious Kim, Saint quickly left her house and searched around Brighton, but couldn't find her. Saint then realised that Kim was near the West Pier, and found her there. She saw that Kim was unconscious, and called for an ambulance. On the phone, she told the operator that it was her girlfriend who was unconscious. Saint then went to the hospital with Kim, and tried to call Kim's parents, but got connected to the answering machine as they were having sex with the neighbours. Saint waited by Kim's bed throughout the night, and as the nurse came in in the morning, Saint left. As she left, she saw Sugar in the corridor outside Kim's room, telling her where she is.
Episode 6.
Now out of hospital, Kim feels terrible for betraying Saint's trust. Nathan and Stella feel that Kim needs counselling, so they pay for a session. Initially, Kim doesn't want to say anything, but eventually tells the counsellor about her problems. Just as Kim is getting into it, the session ends, and she has to leave. She goes home, and Sugar comes with her because Dmitri's family are staying at his flat for a while. Sugar and Kim go to the Pier, and they discuss Dmitri and Saint. Kim tells Sugar that she thinks she and Saint are over, telling her that she didn't even visit her in hospital. Kim then starts to wonder how Sugar found her, and Sugar tells her that she just knows her well. They then go to visit the Brighton Pier shops, and Sugar tells Kim that she was given money from Dmitri, and that she can buy Kim whatever she wants.
Meanwhile, Nathan goes to speak to Kim, and finds Matt in her room wearing lipstick and her underwear.
At the shops, while Sugar is buying plasters, Kim bumps into Saint. She tells Saint what happened as she knows it, unaware that Saint was there. Saint tries to tell Kim what really happened, but Sugar interrupts, asking for money. Kim then tells Saint that Sugar took her to the hospital, and Saint walks away.
Back at the counsellor, Kim says that she thinks she's lost Saint. The counsellor suggests to Kim that she tries to speak to Saint in private, going to her apartment. Kim goes there, but nobody is in, so she goes home.
Saint goes to Kim's house to speak to Kim, but Sugar answers the door. Saint and Sugar are hostile towards each other, and Saint asks when Sugar is planning on telling her that she took Kim to the hospital. Saint tells Sugar to ask Kim to call her, and gives Sugar a bag to give to Kim. Kim, still on her way home, decides to go to Saint's place the next day. When she gets home, Sugar gives her the bag. She doesn't give her the message, and says that Saint didn't leave one. Sugar and Kim share a bottle of vodka. Kim later cries in bed, thinking Saint doesn't want to see her. Kim says that she would have liked to at least remain friends. Sugar says that she doesn't understand, saying that men don't drop off a person's belongings and ask that they are called. Kim then asks Sugar what else she's lied about, and she lets slip that the first time she saw Kim was at the hospital, not at the West Pier. Kim asks who took her to hospital, and Sugar tells her. Sugar then tells Kim that she had no choice, that Dmitri's family aren't in the area, and that she stole the money from him.
Now Kim knows the truth, she runs to Saint's house, telling her that she now knows the truth. Saint tells Kim that it's late, trying to get her to leave before a random woman that Saint invited to her flat for casual sex arrives. Kim thinks that Saint has moved on, and leaves. As she leaves, she punches the woman that's standing outside. When she gets back home, she sees Sugar packing her bags again. Kim tells her that she can stay, despite the fact that she lies, uses her whenever it suits her, and gets jealous about everybody Kim gets close to.
Back at the counsellor's office, Kim says that she's learnt a lot about forgiveness.
Episode 7.
Kim sits in a prison cell, telling herself that crime of passion is a legitimate defence in France, referring to when she punched Saint's casual sex partner. The next morning, she tells the police officer that she'd punch the woman again, Saint enters and hears this. Saint and Kim walk out, and Saint tells Kim that nobody has ever punched somebody for her before. They get in Saint's car to go to her apartment, and she takes her home.
Sugar, at Kim's house, is getting called by Dmitri, but she doesn't answer. She then gets a text message from him, asking where his money is.
Saint tells Sugar that she and Kim are back together. Dmitri then calls Kim's house phone, asking for the money. When Kim tells him that she isn't there, and he hangs up, he sends Sugar another text. Saint then tells Kim that she needs to pack up and go so that she can take Kim to Devil's Dyke, and Sugar offers to run Saint's shop for her. Saint reluctantly refuses, but eventually agrees.
At Devil's Dyke, Saint tells Kim that she loves her. Kim and Saint agree to be honest with each other about everything.
While Sugar is running the sex shop, Sugar gets constant text messages and phone calls from Dmitri, and when she finally answers one, she does so angrily. When Saint and Kim get back to the shop, they find it locked and closed in the middle of the day. Saint unlocks the door, and finds the cash register empty. Saint and Kim go to Kim's house, where they find Sugar, who explains that Dmitri came into the shop and took the money. Saint says that she needs the money to pay the rent the next day, and she wants to call the police. Sugar says that she can't because she hasn't been complying with the terms of her parole. They think of another way to get the money back, and execute their plan.
Sugar, talking to Dmitri at the CC and acting as though they are a couple, are approached by Saint, who is introduced to Dmitri by Sugar. Saint says that she's an old friend of Sugar's. Saint also says that she was in prison for extortion. Kim is dressed in black, waiting in a cubicle in the toilets. Saint spills alcohol over Dmitri, and steals his keys without him realising. Sugar goes into the toilets, and hands Kim the keys. telling her that she's looking for a shoebox in the wardrobe. Kim goes to Dmitri's flat and searches the flat for a wardrobe. At the club, Dmitri tells the women that he's going to the toilet, but instead leaves the club without telling them; the barkeep handing Sugar a large bill. Saint calls Kim, and she tells her that Dmitri is on her way home. Kim tells Saint that she doesn't have the money yet, and finds the wardrobe, only to open it finding heaps of shoe boxes. She finds the money, but then hears a car pull up outside. It is Dmitri and his dog. Dmitri realises he has lost his keys, but is let into the flat block by other people. Dmitri picks the lock to his front door, and Kim hides herself and the shoebox under Dmitri's bed.
Sugar and Saint arrive outside Dmitri's flat, and Saint flirts with him over the video intercom. She tells him that the money isn't important, and that she and Sugar arrived so that they could have a threesome. Dmitri lets them in, and Saint handcuffs Dmitri to the bed. Sugar wants to blindfold him, but he says no, saying he wants to see something otherwise they can leave. Sugar, reluctantly, kisses Saint. While Dmitri is now blindfolded, Kim gets out from under the bed and the three of them leave.
Sugar, Saint, and Kim later celebrate their triumph in the CC.
Episode 8.
Sugar and Kim arrive back at Kim's house drunk, and later wake up with hangovers. At breakfast, Kim tells Nathan that she's sorry for having had the alcohol because she was on antibiotics. Nathan and Stella are told that they have to pay a £400 GBP bill for Kim's counselling sessions. Later, at the dinner table, Nathan tells the family that he thinks the family should spend some quality time with each other. Kim asks if this can start tomorrow as she wants to go and see Saint.
Kim goes to the CC, entering with Sugar. Sugar meets Mark, and she thinks he is gay until he starts to flirt with her. He then walks away, and Sugar asks why he wouldn't be her type.
Nathan and Stella are looking through a new issue of the swingers magazine, and Nathan thinks they should stop swinging in the family home, much to Stella's disappointment. When Kim arrives home later than expected, Nathan tells her that they are a good family, and that they should start acting like one.
The next day, at Brighton Pier, Saint tells Kim that she wants to have sex with her in a boat. Sugar meets up with Mark, who takes her to the Brighton Pavilion. When Mark asks about Sugar's history, instead of telling him that she had been in prison, she tells him that she was studying.
At Kim's house the next day, she is shocked to hear that she didn't have sex with Mark, and is told by Sugar that he is okay with the fact that Sugar was in prison. Kim goes to Saint's shop and sees leaflets about an "adult playgroup", which is in fact a swingers party. She then invites Saint to dinner on Sunday at Kim's house.
Nathan tells Stella that they should go to the adult playgroup, and he phones to book two places for them. Stella later goes to Kim's room and tells Kim that she's worried about Matt. She asks Kim to stay with him, but she's made plans. Stella then tells her that she and Nathan are going to a marriage workshop, and Kim reluctantly agrees to look after Matt.
Mark is putting a sling up for the swingers group, and gets a text message from Sugar. He leaves what he was doing so that he can meet up with her, not properly inserting an important screw.
When Nathan and Stella leave, Kim splits the money Nathan gave her with Matt, and she leaves to meet Saint.
Sugar and Mark are walking around Brighton, and Sugar is showing Mark things that mean something to her: where she had her first kiss, her first "shag", and where she first met Kim. She then takes him down to the Pier, and shows him where she stabbed a man a year and a half ago, something she hadn't told him before. She then tells him about the car theft, credit fraud, and fleeing of a scene. She tells him that she wasn't studying, but was actually in prison, that she's living off her best friend, that she has no job, and that her mother left her and didn't tell her where she was going. She tells him that the only thing she has are her clothes and a big mouth. Sugar later thinks that Mark is staying with her to be polite, but he then kisses her.
Saint and Kim are at the CC when Saint gets a text message saying something is wrong. Kim asks if she can go with her, and Saint agrees, but says that Kim has to stay outside. Kim, waiting outside, gets bored of waiting, and finds an opportunity to sneak inside. She does so, and sees a lot of people wearing masks, kissing, and getting spanked. She goes up the stairs, and looks down, hearing a crash. She sees Nathan on the ground, moaning in pain - he was on the sling.
On Sunday, Saint attends the roast she was invited to, although everybody is acting awkwardly towards each other.
Episode 9.
Kim wakes up in Matt's coffin. She didn't sleep in her own bed because Mark and Sugar were in there. Kim goes to the Munch Box and moans to Saint about Sugar and Mark's relationship, but Saint is in a bad mood because she received the wrong stock delivery.
Kim goes back home, and Sugar tells Kim that they had sex in the disabled toilets of an art gallery. She also says that she's going out with him again, to a Russian play at a theatre, but Sugar is only going because it is sponsored by a vodka company, and because Mark has booked backseats. Stella tries to tell Kim something, but she doesn't want to hear it, thinking it's going to be about something related to her parents' swinging. Saint calls Kim, saying she needs a bit of head space.
Kim wakes up the next morning to Sugar telling her about everything Mark bought her the night before. Kim is concerned about the fact that Saint used the words "head space". Kim wants to go out with Sugar and get drunk, but Sugar is going out with Mark, so she is out on her own. Kim goes to Saint's flat so that she can speak to her, but Mark is there. Mark tells Kim that Saint gets a bit upset around the time of the anniversary of her mum's death, something she didn't tell Kim. Kim then leaves when Saint arrives.
The next day, Kim asks Sugar if she had fun with Mark, and she says she did. Kim tells Sugar that she knows Sugar is sleeping around, and that if she doesn't like Mark, she should just tell him. Sugar tells her that she was having a drink with Stella, and Mark met her later. Kim asks why Sugar was speaking with her mother, and she says that Stella just wanted to talk, but wanted to keep it a secret. Kim worries that Stella might have been "grooming" Sugar, preparing her for one of their swinger parties, but Sugar blurts out that Stella's pregnant, and that she tried to tell Kim herself before. Mark then sees her, and she goes to him.
Kim and Stella talk, and Stella is smoking. Kim asks if she should be smoking, and Stella puts the cigarette out. Kim asks her if she's told Nathan, and she says no. Kim then asks her if the baby is Nathan's, Stella tells her that Nathan is the only person allowed to not use protection when they have sex.
Saint goes to Kim's house, and they have sex in Kim's bed. Kim later tells her that she is jealous of the relationship that Sugar and Mark have. Saint guesses that Kim is upset about the fact that Saint didn't tell her about her mother. Saint gets out of bed, and Sugar enters the room. Sugar asks if they're finished, then tells her that she's worried because Mark wants her to meet his parents.
Stella tells Nathan that she's pregnant, and he thinks that she's joking. When he realises she's being serious, he tells her how they've already struggled with two children, and how he thought they were going to enjoy life. Stella gets annoyed with him, and tells him that she'll call an abortion clinic later.
At the dinner with Mark's parents, Sugar finds out that Mark hasn't discussed their relationship with his parents. They have a good opinion of Sugar until she says that she's been in prison. After Sugar and Mark leave the dinner, he tells her that he likes her and that they should be having fun. Sugar tells him that she doesn't like being told what to do, and that she thought she was in a serious relationship with somebody. She dumps him, and goes to Kim's house.
Saint tells Kim that since her mother's death, she's been good at bottling her feelings up, and that she isn't used to being in a relationship with somebody so close that she can rely on. They go back to Kim's bedroom, not realising that Sugar is sitting on her bed. Kim asks how the dinner went, and Sugar tells her that the dinner went downhill after she spoke of her conviction. Sugar tells Kim that she has made arrangements to stay somewhere else for the night, and that she'll be making permanent arrangements the next day.
Nathan and Stella later discuss the pregnancy, and Nathan tells Stella that if she wants the baby, he won't make her get an abortion.
Sugar climbs into Matt's coffin, this being the other arrangements she made.
Episode 10.
Saint suggests to Kim that she should move in with her above the shop. After first saying she will, as she thought that Saint was only suggesting she buy a desk so Kim could do her A-level work there sometimes, Kim becomes uncertain about her decision. She flips coins to try to give her an excuse not to take the plunge, but this search for an escape route is stymied every time. Meanwhile, Stella – now pregnant – realises she has a problem with smoking after noticing that she doesn't even realise she's doing it. Sugar, having moved out of Kim's parents' and working at a market stall, is looking for a well-paid job and goes to pole-dancing classes, but accidentally kicks the instructor in the face during a session. Sugar and Kim then visit the CC, and after egging each other on they both try a bit of pole-dancing there, but get thrown off by the club's resident dancers. Angered, Sugar throws a glass of beer at one of dancers, and she and Kim make a speedy retreat. They run into a doorway and Kim makes a sudden move on Sugar, snogging her. Kim pulls away, but then moves in again for another kiss. Sugar does not reject Kim's advances.
The following day Kim sees Saint – after trying to avoid her by hiding behind a wall – and they discuss the moving-in question. Kim again tries to find reasons for her not to move in by reminding Saint of her habits that Saint would find annoying, and Saint withdraws her offer in frustration and disappointment. After heading to Sugar's flat-warming party, to which she and Kim were invited earlier, Saint says that what she's looking for is somebody to share her life with, and that she's realised that Kim and she are at different stages in their lives and that Kim clearly just wants to have a good time. Saint goes home, leaving Kim to go to the party without her.
At the party, Kim is introduced to BamBam ("she clubbed her social worker over the head with a lamb chop"), the girl who supplied Sugar with the ketamine that put Kim in hospital. After Kim gets drunk, she proclaims loudly that Saint is no longer her girlfriend. BamBam, realising Kim is gay, starts to make a move on her but Kim is quickly taken away by Sugar, who seems determined that she and Saint should stay together. But as Kim and Sugar reminisce over chips in a café about the night they shared in the hotel (in the last episode of series 1), they wonder how things would have turned out between them if Sugar hadn't gone to prison. Sugar reiterates that Kim should be with Saint and that she and Kim would be better off as friends. But as Kim leaves, it is suddenly clear from Sugar's tears that there is part of her that wants to be with Kim.
Sure now of what she wants, Kim goes to Saint's place and, declaring her love for her, tells her that she does want to move in. As they kiss, they are interrupted by the door buzzer. Sugar arrives and announces that her flat has burned down, because somebody at the party put a cigarette in a bin. It is revealed to viewers that it was Kim who did this, though it is unclear if Kim herself realises. Sugar, now homeless, invites herself to live at Saint's flat for a while. The last shot is of Kim and Saint making up their minds whether to let her stay.

</doc>
<doc id="18369738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369738" title="Jacquemart (bellstriker)">
Jacquemart (bellstriker)

A jacquemart (sometimes spelled "Jaquemart") is an automaton, an animated, mechanised figure of a person, usually made from wood or metal, which strikes the hours on a bell with a hammer. Jacquemarts are usually part of clocks or clocktowers, and are often near or at the top of the construction. The figurine is also known as Jack of the Clock or Jack o'Clock.
One of the oldest and best-known jacquemarts is found on the south tower of the cathedral church of Notre Dame at Dijon: it was installed by Philippe II of Burgundy in 1383. Other well-known historic jacquemarts are found on top of the Zytglogge tower in Bern, Switzerland and the Moors on the Torre dell'Orlogio di San Marco in Venice. Italy.
The word is originally French but is sometimes used in English as well. The origin of the word is disputed, but one theory relates it to a tool called a 'jacke', used by the craftsmen building church towers, the steeplejacks.

</doc>
<doc id="18369752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369752" title="Debbagh">
Debbagh

Debbagh (in Arabic : الدباغ) (in English : Debbagh, Debbarh, Dabbagh) is a Moroccan family name. The origin of the family name seems to be from the 14th century.
Genealogy of Masood Debbagh.
Masood son of Ahmad, son of M'hammed, son of Muhammed, son of Ahmed, son of Abdurrahman, son of Qasim, son of Mohammed, son of Ahmad, son of Qasim, son of Muhammed, son of Ibrahim, son of Omar, son of Abdul-Aziz, son of Haroon, son of Qanoon, son of Alloosh, son of Mandil, son of Ali, son of Abdurrahman, son of Aïssa, son of Ahmad, son of Muhammed, son of Aïssa, son of Idriss II, son of Idriss I, son of Abdullah, son of Hassan, son of Hassan, son of Imam Ali and the daughter of Prophet Muhammed ibn Abdullah, son of Abu Talib, son of Abd Al-Muttalib, son of Hashim, son of Abd Menaf, son of Qussai, son of Kilab, son of Murra, son of Ka'ab, son of Luavy, son of Ghalib, son of Fihr, son of Malik, son of Nadr, son of Kinana, son of Khuzayma, son of Mudrika, son of Ilyas, son of Mudar, son of Nizar, son of Ma'ad, son of Adnan.
Sources
Internal sources: (from Adam & Eve to Abraham & Hagar:Genealogies of genesis), (from Abraham to Muhammed:Adnan), (from Muhammed to king Idriss I:Idriss I

</doc>
<doc id="18369757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369757" title="Powerslide (video game)">
Powerslide (video game)

Powerslide (aka "PowerSlide") is a post-apocalyptic PC racing game developed by the now defunct Ratbag Games. It was released in North America on December 7, 1998. It was also released in Australia. Ratbag, the Australia-based game company, was purchased by Midway Studios in 2005 and was shut down shortly after, leaving the staff unemployed. "Powerslide" was praised for its graphics and AI in particular, which were both impressive for their time. A sequel, "Powerslide: Slipstream", was in development as of 2004, but Ratbag could find no suitable publisher, and shortly after their company was shut down.
Story.
The game is set in a post-apocalyptic, near-future world. Story wise, most of earth's population was destroyed by a global holocaust, and the survivors are mostly freaks, who are trying to make a living by resorting to violence/hunting, and the rich, who have formed enclaves underground to hide from the environmental holocaust conditions. The freaks' (illegal) recreation, known as powersliding, offers prizes of fresh fruit (rare because of the extreme environmental catastrophe) for the champions. The player can take control of several extremely unusual racers, not specific to each car. The object of the game, played out as any of the characters, is to play through the championships: namely; Novice, Advanced, and to finally win at the Expert level.
Gameplay.
"Powerslide" is set in the near future and is a "drive anywhere" arcade racer. There are three main modes: single race, time trial, and championship. Single races can be played on any unlocked track, solo or in online multiplayer. Records can be set in this mode, and saved. Time trials involve only a lone player in a sort of practice run for any given track. Championships consist of consecutive sets of tracks, mainly the Novice, Advanced, and Expert championships. The Insane level can be attempted if the Expert championship is completed.
The game is set in a "drive-anywhere" atmosphere, allowing the player to explore the tracks at will during races, etc. Cheats codes, which can simply be typed in during a race, can be discovered by reaching out-of-the-way places across the tracks. By beating championships, new cars and tracks are unlocked. The supercar can be earned by beating the Expert championship.
There is also one Easter Egg which can only be found in Multi-Player.
It took players over 5 years to stumble across the unannounced Easter Egg. RooBah and Nocturnis of the Fast Old Farts Racing Team discovered this Egg and were the first to officially report it to Ratbag in 2005.
Graphics.
The visuals were advanced for 1998, allowing 300,000 polygons on-screen at once. They were highly praised by the media, with IGN in particular calling them "beautiful" and "fully rendered".
Sound.
The SFX had the ability to morph into their surroundings by becoming echo-like when in enclosed spaces. The music is mostly a mixture of techno and rock.
Multiplayer.
"Powerslide" supports up to eight players via online modes. Two game modes are included in multiplayer: single race, and fox and hounds. The single races are like in the single player mode. Fox and hounds is a deathmatch with vehicles, using the two weapon cheats: a bomb and a shot of flame.
Reception.
The game received positive reviews from the press, generating a 75% ranking at Game Rankings. It was praised for its impressive graphics, multiplayer, and sound. The real-world experience AI was also credited. However, the number of titles in the United States was limited because of budget problems.
"Powerslide: Slipstream".
A follow-up, "Powerslide: Slipstream", as of 2004, was in development by the same company responsible for the original "Powerslide". It was to feature enhanced graphics, more of the impressive AI, and online support. It was being developed for PS2 and PC, and possibly Xbox. However, Ratbag never found a suitable publisher for this game, and the entire company's cancellation was soon to follow.

</doc>
<doc id="18369763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369763" title="Libatse">
Libatse

Libatse is a settlement in Halinga Parish, Pärnu County in western Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18369792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369792" title="Zeiss">
Zeiss

Zeiss or Zeiß is a German surname and may refer to:
Other uses.
Zeiss may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18369801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369801" title="Adavere">
Adavere

Adavere is a small borough () in Põltsamaa Parish, Jõgeva County in central Estonia. It has a population of 632 (as of 1 January 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="18369805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369805" title="Mines of Spain State Recreation Area and E. B. Lyons Nature Center">
Mines of Spain State Recreation Area and E. B. Lyons Nature Center

The Mines of Spain State Recreation Area and E. B. Lyons Nature Center is a state park in Dubuque County, Iowa, USA. It is near Dubuque, the eighth-largest city in the state. The park features picnic areas, of walking/hiking trails, of ski trails, and the Betty Hauptli Bird and Butterfly Garden.
History.
Meskwaki Indians were believed to be the first people in the area, residing in the area for up to 8000 years previous to discovery by Julien Dubuque, believed to be the first European to set foot in Iowa. The Meskwaki had been trading furs with French Voyageurs, as well as mining lead in the area. The Governor of Spain gave Dubuque a grant to work Spanish-owned land, naming the area The Mines of Spain. Mining would continue by the Meskwaki, then by European settlers until 1914.
Unique features.
From a horseshoe-shaped area, Horseshoe Bluff, the geology of the area is visible. Ordovician dolomite is evident, and two trails lead to a blind.

</doc>
<doc id="18369817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369817" title="Women's Nations Cup (rugby union)">
Women's Nations Cup (rugby union)

The Women's Nations Cup is an international women's rugby union series organized jointly by USA Rugby, the RFUW (England) and Rugby Canada, and played each summer with rotating host locations. As well as the organisers, guest teams from other nations also take part. There are separate tournaments for U20 and senior sides.
The first tournaments took place in 2008 with a U20 competition at Appleby College, Oakville, Ontario, Canada in July followed by a senior tournament at Esher, London, England in August. 
As well as England, USA and Canada, various editions have featured teams from France, Wales and South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18369827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369827" title="Bill Ryan (professor)">
Bill Ryan (professor)

Bill Ryan (born "William James Ryan", December 23, 1955, in Moncton, New Brunswick) is a professor of Social Work at McGill University in Montréal, Québec, Canada. He is an international expert in the field of sexuality, sexual education, homophobia, health, and gay men's health. He has conducted research in all these areas, published scientific articles, chapters and edited books. He has spoken at conferences internationally and consulted and trained with many international organizations. He is one of the leaders in the international gay men's health movement and has been a driving force behind the transformation of Action Séro-Zéro in Montréal into a full fledged gay men's health organization. In 1992 he was the founding president of the Board of Directors of Séro-Zéro, which was founded to undertake HIV prevention among HIV negative gay men. He returned to the organization in 2000 and has once again been Chair, since 2004. He is the founder of the Canadian Safe Spaces movement, which, beginning with four sites (Halifax, Moncton, Montréal, Kamloops), has grown into a movement with dozens of supportive services for youth questionning their sexual orientation (see safe space). He was founding co-chair of the Canadian Rainbow Health Coalition. In 2006, the Canadian Institutes for Health Research, granted funding to a pan-Canadian team, SVR (Sexuality, Vulnerability and Resilience), of which he is co-chair, to study the impacts of homophobia on the health of gay, lesbian, bisexual, trans and two-spirit Canadians. In October 2009, he was named Personality of the Year by the Conseil Québécois des gais et lesbiennes, and in January 2010 he was awarded the Martin Luther King Junior Legacy Award by the City of Montréal. In 2011 he was named one of the Top Ten researchers in gender and health by the Gender and Health Institute of the Canadian Institutes of Health Research. 
He is the fourth child of seven siblings.
Ryan is openly gay. He lives with his partner in Montreal and has an adopted son.

</doc>
<doc id="18369834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369834" title="University of Tartu Press">
University of Tartu Press

University of Tartu Press () is a university press and publishing house owned by the University of Tartu, Estonia.
Tartu University Press dates its history back to 1632, when University of Tartu was founded. It is the largest university press in Estonia.
It produces academic books and journals, including the international journal of semiotics "Sign Systems Studies", a book series "Tartu Semiotics Library", etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18369835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369835" title="Sitamarhi (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Sitamarhi (Lok Sabha constituency)

Sitamarhi Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Sitamarhi Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following six Vidhan Sabha segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18369838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369838" title="Sid Avery">
Sid Avery

Sid Avery (1918 – 2002) was an American photographer and director who was best known for capturing the private moments of legendary Hollywood celebrities like Elizabeth Taylor, Rock Hudson, James Dean, Marlon Brando, Humphrey Bogart and Audrey Hepburn as showcased in his book, "Hollywood at Home."
Birth.
Sid Avery was born in Akron, Ohio in the year of 1918. Avery was only nine months old when they decided to move out to Los Angeles, California, which is where he grew up.
Biography.
Sid Avery discovered his love and talent of photography when he was young due to the fact that he studied under his uncle, Max Tatch, who was a landscape and architectural photographer. His uncle was able to teach him the skills required to use cameras, film and darkrooms. After he graduated from high school, Avery worked in a camera store on Sunset Boulevard, Hollywood where he further gained love and inspiration for photography. While working in the shop, he had opportunities to meet many famous photographers. This also encouraged him to take more photography classes. He also gained the experience of being a darkroom assistant. He served in the Army in World War II. When he returned from the war, he began his work of photographing celebrities. Sid Avery eventually became one of the top advertising photographer in Los Angeles. He was also a director of television commercials.
Education.
Sid Avery received his high school education at the institution of Roosevelt High School.
Death.
Sid Avery died at the age of 83 on 1 July 2002 in Los Angeles, California.
Family.
Sid Avery was married to Diana Avery. Together they had three children named Sandra Guttman, Marc Avery, and Ron Avery. Sid Avery also had three grandchildren.
Successes.
He founded the Hollywood Photographer's Archive (HPA) and which is know today as mptvimages.com
in an effort to preserve the work of the early Hollywood photographers. Sid Avery's work was commonly featured in publications such as Life, Look, Colliers and The Saturday Evening Post. There is a collection of his work, "Hollywood at Home: A Family Album 1950-1965," that was published by Crown in the year of 1990. He is most famous for his work of photography that captured the home life of famous celebrities at the time. He captured the celebrities in their own element aside from the glamour of fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18369848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369848" title="Edmund Carter (cricketer)">
Edmund Carter (cricketer)

Edmund Carter (born 5 June 1785; date of death unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 11 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1809 to 1816.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and he played for Hampshire in 1816.

</doc>
<doc id="18369849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369849" title="2001–02 Maltese First Division">
2001–02 Maltese First Division

The Maltese First Division 2001–02 (known as Rothmans First Division 2001-02 for sponsorship reasons) started on 15 September 2001 and finished on 28 April 2002.Rabat and Xghajra were relegated from the Maltese Premier League.Mqabba and Balzan were promoted from Maltese Second Division.Marsaxlokk were the champions while Mosta were the runners-up.Both teams were promoted to Maltese Premier League.Qormi and St.Andrews were relegated to Maltese Second Division.
Participating teams.
The Maltese First Division 2001–02 was made up of these teams:
Final League Table 2001-02.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsC = Champions; R = Relegated; RP = Relegation playoffs
Results.
For a complete set of results, see [http://www.maltafootball.com/archive/2001-02/resultsm1.shtml]

</doc>
<doc id="18369853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369853" title="Soup or Sonic">
Soup or Sonic

Soup or Sonic is an animated cartoon distributed in the Merrie Melodies series, starring Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner. It was first aired on May 21, 1980 as a part of the television special "Bugs Bunny's Bustin' Out All Over" and was one of four new cartoons released. While the opening card was used for the first time, the closing card for this cartoon was previously used during the 1959-1960 season. This is the only canonical cartoon in which Wile E. Coyote catches the Roadrunner. 
"Soup or Sonic" was directed by Chuck Jones and Phil Monroe. The title is a play on the terms "supersonic" and 'soup or salad', as one might be offered by a waiter in a restaurant. In comparison to other episodes, this is the longest episode with a length of 9 minutes and 11 seconds.
Plot.
"Introduction": The usual chase starts for a few seconds until it stops for the Latin names: Road Runner: "Ultra-sonicus Ad Infinitum" and Wile E. Coyote: "Nemesis Ridiculii", plus a "bonus" name for the Road Runner's Beep-Beep: "Beepius-Beepius". The chase then moves around mountain corners until it ends on a mountainside, with the Road Runner ducking behind a corner and leaving a cloud of dust for the coyote to run into. Wile E. rides the dust cloud all the way through the air, and finally stops to determine where he is, a question mark appearing over his head. He opens a "door" in the cloud only to see that he is in midair, and sheepishly closes the door as the cloud disperses, and then changes his question mark of surprise to an exclamation point before the inexorable pull of gravity takes effect.
1. The pair pull up onto opposite outcroppings, and Wile E. attempts to pole-vault from his to his opponent's, but this causes the end of his outcropping to crumble and the coyote to fall down. Seeing his impending humiliation approaching, Wile E. attempts to make the best of it by climbing up the pole; however, he keeps falling back to the bottom of it. Eventually, the pole turns around so fast that it whirs like a propeller, and then grinds against a cliffside all the way down to the part Wile E. is holding. When it finally stops rotating, the coyote then pulls himself onto the narrow bar left of the pole and accepts his fate.
2. In a gag that sees four attempts in this cartoon, Wile E. sits on a rocket and lights the fuse, aiming towards the Road Runner on the opposite site of the chasm. (Virgil Ross animated this gag, providing distinctive ear motions.) The first attempt fails when the fuel and nosecone launch out of the rocket, leaving Wile E. sitting on an empty hull. The hull crunches down, and then Wile falls, annoyed, to the canyon floor.
3. As the Road Runner burns rubber on the ground roads, Wile E. is pulling back on a falling safe attached to a rope and pulley. Eventually, however, the weight overcomes him and the coyote is pulled through the pulley, removing all of his chest fur, and then down onto a see-saw as the safe lands next to him. Wile then slides off the rock face to fall into the canyon a fourth time, and is then smashed by the safe, leaving the coyote's torso thin and flat.
4. The second attempt at the rocket is foiled when the rocket falls out of its aim towards the Road Runner and points directly downwards before it fires, leading to an extra-speedy fifth fall.
5. Now, Ross animates a sequence in which Wile E. sticks a firecracker into the center hole of a Frisbee (from the Freleng Manufacturing Co.) and throws it at his nemesis, but before he releases the disc, the firecracker drops out of the hole and sizzles at Wile E's foot. The coyote doesn't notice until he puts his foot down on the firework and instinctively pulls it away just before it explodes, leaving him dazed but apparently unhurt. Wile then walks away like Charlie Chaplin, revealing behind him that his tail is on fire, unknown to him until he passes the horizon and he yelps in pain!
6. On his third attempt with the rocket, he lights the fuse but it burns quickly and fires successfully out from under him before he could get ready and leaves Wile floating in midair with a cloud of dust blocking his view below. Unable to see what is below him, Wile pokes his foot through the cloud and consequently suffers gravity for the sixth time, as he holds up a sign stating "GOODBYE" and then flipping to "AGAIN". (One minor glitch is the scene where he falls is a duplicate of when he fell the first time with the hull underneath him.)
7. To get the bird to stick, Wile leaves out a sheet of "ACME Giant Fly Paper" in the road and sits down on a rock, laughing at his "genius". He hears a braking noise, assumes the Road Runner has been caught, and leaps out to catch him, but instead of the Road Runner, he has caught an actual giant fly. The fly is very unhappy about being stuck on the paper and thus wraps the coyote with it, who tiptoes away from the scene.
8. On his final jump at the skyrocket, Wile E. accidentally ignites his tail instead of the fuse, and detects his mistake and leaps up in pain only to smash his head on another outcropping. Fortunately, this causes him to return to the rocket and to light the fuse with his tail, and after it takes off is struggling briefly to get control then puts out the fire on his tail. Unfortunately, the rocket is off target, and it bores through the cliff under the Road Runner, who allows the coyote to be humiliated privately. The rocket finally explodes, blackening the coyote and throwing him back into the air. Displeased, Wile E. holds up a yellow sign asking "How did I ever get into this line of work?" before falling for a seventh time.
9. A new plan is formulated, where Wile E. attempts to blow up the Road Runner by pelting explosive tennis balls at him. The first ball seamlessly blows up a cactus with no issues (yet), and the coyote is eager to try them at work. As luck would have it, the Road Runner is heard, and Wile is quick to lob another ball at him, but "just" misses, and the ball then drops onto the arm of a cactus, which throws it directly back to its owner. A little agitated, the coyote returns the ball, and this time it is caught by power lines and slung back out of Wile E.'s reach. The ball pops directly back into its original slot in the box of balls as Wile E. arrives on the scene and takes stock. Sensing the coming explosions, Wile E. holds up a pair of signs: "For Sale One used Tennis Racket" and "CHEAP!" before (as the screen puts it) a "GIGANTIC EXPLOSION!" occurs.
10. The whole cartoon, however, is best known for its ending gag. Wile E. Coyote is chasing the Road Runner through a series of pipelines, which causes both of them to emerge in a greatly shrunken state. Upon discovering their situation, they agree to re-enter the pipeline and be transformed back into full size. The Road Runner emerges at normal size, but Wile is still in small size when he comes out. Upon discovering this turn of fortune, the Road Runner stops and allows his rival to "catch" him. The coyote doesn't notice anything until he steps over his opponent's feet and rushes back to "finally" "catch" the Road Runner. The coyote is ecstatic and pulls out his knife and fork to eat his opponent...until he stares more closely at the bird's huge legs, which are twice as tall as he is, and looks up to see he is massively outgunned. The Road Runner gives an amplified "beep-beep", causing Wile to drop his utensils in shock. He can only hold up signs to the audience stating, "Okay, wise guys, you always wanted me to catch him -" and "Now what do I do?". "That's all, Folks!"

</doc>
<doc id="18369856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369856" title="Siimusti">
Siimusti

Siimusti is a small borough ("") in Jõgeva Parish, Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18369858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369858" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Hexham and Newcastle">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hexham and Newcastle

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hexham and Newcastle is a Roman Catholic diocese of the Latin Rite centred around St Mary's Cathedral in the city of Newcastle upon Tyne in England. The diocese is one of the six suffragan sees in the ecclesiastical Province of Liverpool and covers much of North-East England.
History.
The Diocese of Hexham was revived in 1850 by decree of Pope Pius IX, restoring the Catholic hierarchy to England and Wales. Although the ancient See of Hexham was founded in 678 it had later lapsed. Together with the See of Lindisfarne, founded by Saint Aidan, Hexham formed the main part of the Northumbrian kingdom's ecclesiastical structure. Among the early bishops elected to the see in 684 was Saint Cuthbert, the present-day patron of the modern diocese and, later, Acca of Hexham.
The modern diocese was expanded to include the title of Newcastle in 1861. Originally under the metropolitan See of Westminster, the diocese became part of the new Province of Liverpool (often referred to as the Northern Province) in 1911.
On the restoration of the diocese in 1850, Pius IX appointed Bishop William Hogarth, Vicar Apostolic of the Northern District, to be the first bishop of the diocese. The Parish Church of Saint Mary, Newcastle upon Tyne, designed by Augustus Welby Pugin, was selected as the seat for the new bishop, gaining cathedral status.
In 1924, Pope Pius XI withdrew the old counties of Cumberland and Westmorland to incorporate them into a newly created Diocese of Lancaster. For this reason, the Lancaster diocese still considers St Cuthbert as one of its principal patrons. Other territory was taken from the Archdiocese of Liverpool to form the new see.
Present.
The modern Diocese of Hexham and Newcastle comprises the counties of Northumberland, Tyne and Wear and County Durham. In this respect, it comprises three cities: Newcastle upon Tyne, Durham and Sunderland.
The diocesan curia and chancery are officially based at Bishop's House, East Denton Hall, in the west-end of Newcastle. However, the tribunal and other commissions are actually based at the nearby curial offices at St Vincent's in St Cuthbert's House.
The diocese is also home to the regional seminary for the north of England, Ushaw College, near Durham. The seminary has strong links with the University of Durham which validates the degree courses offered there. The seminary is governed by the bishops of the Northern Province under the chairmanship of the Archbishop of Liverpool. However, as the local ordinary, the Bishop of Hexham and Newcastle always holds the position of Vice-Chairman of Governors.
The diocesan patrons are Our Blessed Lady Immaculate (8 December) and Saint Cuthbert, Bishop and Confessor (20 March).
Current bishop.
The See of Hexham and Newcastle is held by the Right Reverend Seamus Cunningham, who succeeded the Right Reverend Kevin Dunn, who died on 1 March 2008. Bishop Dunn had succeeded the Right Reverend Ambrose Griffiths, who himself died as Bishop Emeritus on 14 June 2011, on 25 May 2004.
There are presently 214 diocesan priests (57 of whom are retired) and six permanent deacons serving 183 parishes. A number of religious orders are also present in the diocese, including the Dominicans, the Passionists, the Redemporists, the Carmelites, the Poor Clares and the Sisters of Mercy.
In 2005 Bishop Dunn reorganised the structure of the diocese and curia. He introduced five episcopal areas. These areas are arranged geographically and are known as Northumberland, Newcastle and North Tyneside, Sunderland and East Durham, South Tyneside, Gateshead and North West Durham, and Cleveland and South Durham. At the same time he appointed the man who would ultimately be his successor, Canon Seamus Cunningham, as vicar general. He also appointed a new chancellor for the curia and a new episcopal vicar for religious.
Following the death of Bishop Dunn on 1 March 2008, and in accordance with Canons 165 – 178 and Canons 421 – 425 of the Code of Canon Law, the Diocesan College of Consultors met on 2 March 2008. At their meeting, the Ccnsultors elected Canon Seamus Cunningham as the Diocesan Administrator.
On 9 January 2009 a press release by the Vatican Information Service, confirmed that Pope Benedict XVI had named Seamus Cunningham as the new bishop-elect of the diocese. He received his episcopal ordination on Friday, 20 March 2009 – the feast day of St. Cuthbert – the diocesan patron.

</doc>
<doc id="18369862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369862" title="Murcott, Oxfordshire">
Murcott, Oxfordshire

Murcott is a village between the River Ray and Otmoor in the civil parish of Fencott and Murcott, about south of Bicester in Oxfordshire, England.
History.
In 1542 the Crown granted almost all of the land at Murcott to the Dean and Chapter of Westminster Abbey. They retained it until the end of the 19th century, when it passed to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners.
Murcott Mission Room was built in 1895 to a plain Early English design by local Gothic Revival architect A. Mardon Mowbray. The Mission Room is a Church of England chapel, part of the Benefice of the Ray Valley.
The Nut Tree Inn public house is a mid-18th century thatched building. It is a gastropub and in 2009 was awarded a Michelin Star. Murcott used to have a second pub, the Marlake House, but this had closed by 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="18369877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369877" title="Kuremaa">
Kuremaa

Kuremaa is a small borough ("") in Jõgeva Parish, Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia. It lies 10 km from Jõgeva, near the northern shore of Lake Kuremaa, the 11th largest lake in Estonia. Kuremaa features an estate that was owned by the von Oettingen family until the early 20th century. Part of the estate's manor house is now a museum, its windmill is a popular landmark, and its terraced gardens reach down to the shore of Lake Kuremaa.
History.
The first known mention of Kuremaa is in historical records dated 1582, where it is referred to as "Korymek". Other names used in historical texts include "Kurremois", "Jensel", and "Jenselhof". According to Herbert Ligi, a noted Estonian historian, Johann Wrangel established a manor at Kuremaa in the middle of the 16th century. The region fell to the Polish at the end of the Livonian War and the manor was passed to Andreas Chotkowsky, but later returned to the Wrangel family when Fabian Wrangel bought it in 1598. The manor farm went through a number of possessions in the following centuries, and during its most successful periods supported a large number of peasants.
People.
Estimated population in 2009 was 367 inhabitants. The lake's beach is the only public one in the county and draws many visitors, so many of the residents of Kuremaa today are employed in the tourism and hospitality industries, such as running guest houses, operating water sports on the lake, and managing and maintaining the manor house and its grounds for visitors.
Manor farm and house.
After returning to the Wrangels at the end of the 16th century, the manor farm came into the possession of the notable Ungern-Sternberg family around the middle of the 17th century, presumably by purchase. Moritz Wilhelm Pistohlkors then bought the farm in 1766 after having been severely wounded in the Seven Years' War. He let the farm until his death in 1783, bequeathing it to his son. Ill-managed afterwards, the estate eventually went bankrupt and was acquired in 1810 by "Liivimaa Krediidiühing" to pay off the farm's debts. Eleven years later it was sold to Reinhold Wilhelm von Liphart, and in 1828 it was inherited by his grandson Karl Eduard von Liphart.
The most notable period in the history of the estate, and its time of greatest growth, came after it was purchased by Alexander von Oettingen in 1834. Beginning in 1837, he oversaw the building of a mansion for the estate which was completed in 1843 by the architect Emil Julius Strauss. The cultivation of cereals and potatoes was renewed in earnest and the main income was from the sale of grain, until a successful distillery was set up around 1880, which produced 50,000 litres of alcohol by 1920. The farm was also notable for its dairy production, with a large herd of dairy cattle from which cheese, butter, and cream were produced and sold, usually in Saint Petersburg. Alexander von Oettingen had six sons and three daughters with his wife Helena, including the notable Georg von Oettingen, Alexander von Oettingen, and Arthur von Oettingen. After his death in 1846, the estate was able to continue working and stay within the family. His son Eduard Reinhold managed the farm until 1906, then Eduard Reinhold's son Erich August took over until the estate was seized by the Estonian government in 1919. It is recorded that when Alexander von Oettingen purchased the estate in 1834, there were only eighteen buildings. By the time of its transfer to the government 85 years later, there were 48 buildings on the farm.
Estonia's sweeping and full-scale land reforms in 1919 saw the expropriation of all estates held by the Baltic nobility. Redistributed to the peasants, Kuremaa's farm and manor were in danger of falling into disuse or poor management. The following year an agricultural school was set up, mainly providing training in the animal husbandry of dairy cattle. Although seemingly intended to be a one-off programme of one year's duration, the school proved successful for many years. In 2004, the agricultural school was unified with the forestry school in Luua and since then educational activity has ended in Kuremaa.
The stately manor house was extended and refurbished in 1935. On 22 February 1986 a fire damaged much of the building and it was entirely rebuilt in the same style, reopening in December 1987. Part of the mansion is open to the public as a museum, while other areas are used as conference facilities.
Another interesting building on the estate is the historic windmill, which was refurbished in 2009. Its first two floors can be hired as a party or event venue, while its third floor is a small museum on the history of windmills in Estonia.
A few miles from the estate is the von Oettingen family cemetery, designed by Walter von Engelhardt in about 1899. Approximately 29 members of the von Oettingen family are buried in the 4-hectare forested cemetery, which includes a neo-Gothic chapel. After World War II the cemetery was heavily looted and vandalised. Some restoration of the cemetery and the chapel was undertaken in 1988.
Kuremaa Lake.
The lake at Kuremaa ("Kuremaa järv") is the 11th largest in Estonia at 4.3 kilometres long and 1.3 km wide. The greatest depth is 13.3 metres and the water is a yellowish green. It is well stocked with fish and crustaceans and grebe, ducks, and swans nest here. The 250-metre long sandy beach on the northern shore was created in 1963 when the level of the lake was lowered, and is the only public beach in Jõgeva County. It is very popular, particularly in summer, having campsites, guest houses, water sports, cafes, lifeguards, and other holiday amenities. Each year a motorcycle camping rally, called Jõgevatreff, is held here, drawing over a thousand visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="18369878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369878" title="Edward Woodbridge">
Edward Woodbridge

Edward Collins Woodbridge (born 18 September 1794 in Bloomsbury, Middlesex; died 11 February 1863 in Paddington, London) was an English amateur cricketer who made 10 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1815 until 1819. He was the elder brother of Frederick Woodbridge.
Career.
Edward Woodbridge was mainly associated with Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="18369886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369886" title="Diocese of Leeds">
Diocese of Leeds

Diocese of Leeds may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18369907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369907" title="Edward Hale (cricketer)">
Edward Hale (cricketer)

Edward Hale (born 1 September 1764 at Hambledon, Hampshire; died 16 November 1823 at Hambledon) was an English amateur cricketer who made 3 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1797.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18369921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369921" title="Spice Boys">
Spice Boys

Spice Boys may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18369924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369924" title="J. Michael Tatum">
J. Michael Tatum

John Michael Tatum (born May 25, 1976 in McKinney, Texas) is an American voice actor, ADR director, and script writer at Funimation/OkraTron 5000 who provided voices for a number of English versions of Japanese anime series, and video games.
Biography.
In 2005, John was discovered by Funimation warhorse and visionary ADR director Christopher Bevins, who cast him as Rikichi in "Samurai 7", John's vocal talent has held long enough to see his flag hoisted on a slew of dream roles, most notably Kyoya Ootori in "Ouran High School Host Club", Sebastian Michaelis in "Black Butler", France in "", and Eneru in "One Piece". Specializes in nerdy "glasses characters".
From January 2010 to January 2014, John hosted That Anime Show with friend and co-worker, Terri Doty and ADR Engineer, Stephen Hoff. Numerous times, he has expressed his deep love for anime, "Doctor Who", Vincent Price, and William Shakespeare.
Filmography.
Anime roles.
1999
2002
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014

</doc>
<doc id="18369925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369925" title="Dzhendem tepe">
Dzhendem tepe

Dzhendem tepe is the biggest and highest of the seven Plovdiv hills. It is located in the western part of town.
In ancient times it was called the Mount of the Dryad Nymphs. During the Bronze Age there was a settlement and/or a shrine on its top. There are reports that a huge bronze statue of the god Apollo stood on top of the hill until late antiquity. In Roman times the main city temple, dedicated to Apollo Cendrisseos, was located there, which was turned into a large three-nave basilica in the 4th century. During the Ottoman period it was called Dzhin Tepe (hill of the spirits), which gradually changed to Djendem Tepe. It also called Chigdem Tepe (hill of the crocusses).
The hill has been declared a natural landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="18369927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369927" title="Vana-Vigala">
Vana-Vigala

Vana-Vigala is a village in Vigala Parish, Rapla County in western Estonia.
Since 2002 a metal festival Hard Rock Laager is held in Vana-Vigala every summer.
Vana-Vigala Manor.
Vana-Vigala estate () dates from 1420, when a first, fortified manor house was built in the vicinity of the present building. The present-day building however was erected in 1772-1775. It is built on soft ground and has had to be strengthened on several occasions. In 1858 and 1864, restorations were carried out and the façade changed. During the revolution of 1905, rioters put fire to the house, with heavy damage ensuing, including the loss of the 20,000 volume library. The house was afterwards restored, and by 1914 had regained most of its earlier look. In the 18th century, a romantic park and a deer park was laid out around the manor.
During its almost entire history, the estate belonged to the Uexküll family, who owned the estate from 1420 until 1919, when it was expropriated following Estonia's declaration of independence. The building has subsequently served as different educational institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="18369930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369930" title="Edward Winter (cricketer)">
Edward Winter (cricketer)

Edward Winter (born 1773 at Dartford, Kent; died 10 March 1830 at Dartford) was an English professional cricketer who made 12 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1794 to 1815.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Berkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18369932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369932" title="Alvin Lewis (Florida State University)">
Alvin Lewis (Florida State University)

Alvin Lewis was President, between 1892 and 1897, of the Seminary West of the Suwannee River, located in Tallahassee, Florida. This school later changed names several time, and is now Florida State University.

</doc>
<doc id="18369940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369940" title="List of companies convicted of felony offenses in the United States">
List of companies convicted of felony offenses in the United States

This is a list of corporations that have pled guilty to, no contest to, or been convicted of a felony offense or multiple felonies in a state or federal court within the United States, and not had the conviction(s) overturned on appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="18369946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369946" title="Bible translations into Afrikaans">
Bible translations into Afrikaans

C. P. Hoogenhout, Arnoldus Pannevis, and Stephanus Jacobus du Toit were the first Afrikaans Bible translators. Important landmarks in the translation of the Scriptures were in 1878 with C. P. Hoogenhout's translation of the "Evangelie volgens Markus" (Gospel of Mark), however this translation was never published. The manuscript is to be found in the South African National Library, Cape Town.
The first official Bible translation of the entire Bible into Afrikaans was completed in 1933 by J. D. du Toit, E. E. van Rooyen, J. D. Kestell, H. C. M. Fourie, and BB Keet.
In 1983 a new translation was completed in order to mark the 50th anniversary of the original 1933 translation and provide much needed revision. The final editing of this edition was done by E. P. Groenewald, A. H. van Zyl, P. A. Verhoef, J. L. Helberg, and W. Kempen.
Jehovah's Witnesses released their "New World Translation of the Christian Greek Scriptures" in Afrikaans in 1995, and the complete "New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures" in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18369947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369947" title="Bible translations into Amharic">
Bible translations into Amharic

Although Christianity became the state religion of Ethiopia in the 4th century, and the Bible was first translated into Ge'ez at about that time, only in the last two centuries have there appeared translations of the Bible into Amharic.
Abu Rumi translation.
The first translation of the Bible into Amharic was by Abu Rumi in the early 19th century. In the opinion of Edward Ullendorff, "The history of the first translation of the Bible into Amharic is a romantic and exciting story which deserves to be better known among "éthiopisants". The French Consul in Cairo, Jean-Louis Asselin de Cherville, possessed a manuscript containing a complete translation of the Bible into Amharic, created by the mutual efforts of the Consul and Abu Rumi. As Ullendorff relates, for ten years "every Tuesday and Saturday his Cherville's door was shut to all visitors when he read with 'my Abyssinian, slowly and with the utmost attention, every verse of the Sacred Volume, in the Arabic Version which we were able to translate.' But we are not told from which Arabic version the rendering was made." Where the Arabic words were "abstruse, difficult, or foreign", de Cherville then consulted "the Hebrew Original, the Syriac Version, or the Septuagint" for clarification.
William Jowett purchased de Cherville's manuscript, consisting of 9,539 pages written in "the fine hand" of Abu Rumi for £1,250, which he then presented for review to Professor Samuel Lee, and the final manuscript was printed by Thomas Pell Platt in increasing portions: the four Gospels in 1824, the entire New Testament in 1829, and the complete Bible in 1840. This translation, "with some changes and amendments, held sway until the Emperor Haile Selassie I ordered a new translation", which was published in 1960/61.
First Haile Selassie I Bible (1935).
A new translation was underway, under the Emperor Haile Selassie I's patronage, when the Italian army invaded. This manuscript was later sent to Britain and printed, but most of the copies were destroyed in a fire during the bombing of London. This translation is sometimes known as the "Buxton" translation, because a British missionary named Alfred Buxton (1891–1940) was instrumental in sending the manuscript from occupied Ethiopia to Britain. This same basic translation, with some changes, was later printed in the USA, with funds raised by Rev. Donald Barnhouse. After it was printed, this translation (sometimes referred to as the "Barnhouse New Testament") was found to contain a serious error in Rev. 19:10 & 22:9, so most copies were destroyed.
New Haile Selassie I Bible (1962).
In 1962, a new Amharic translation from Ge'ez was printed, again with the patronage of the Emperor. The preface by Emperor Haile Selassie I is dated "1955" (E.C.), and the 31st year of his reign (i.e. AD 1962 in the Gregorian Calendar), and states that it was translated by the Bible Committee he convened between AD 1947 and 1952, "realizing that there ought to be a revision from the original Hebrew and Greek of the existing translation of the Bible". It included the 66 books of the protocanon (i.e. those held canonical in common with Protestant and Catholic Christians), as the 5 narrow canon deuterocanonical books were published separately. The five narrow canon Ethiopian deuterocanonical books comprise 1 Enoch ("Henok"; different from the standard editions of Ge'ez manuscripts A~Q by foreign academics), Jubilees (Ge'ez: "Mets'hafe Kufale") and I, II, and III Meqabyan (substantially different from I, II, and III Maccabees) 
The 81 book Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church Bible, including the deuterocanonicals, 46 books of the Old Testament and 35 books of the New Testament, was published in 1986. This version incorporates a few minor changes or corrections to the 1962 Amharic text of the New Testament, but the text of the Old Testament and Deuterocanon are identical to those previously published under Haile Selassie I.
UBS Versions (1987, 2005).
Under the Bible Society of Ethiopia (a member of the United Bible Societies), a new translation was printed in 1987, translated directly from Hebrew and Greek. A revised version of this appeared in 2005. These versions contain only the 66 books of the Protestant canon, and they have not been widely embraced by the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church.
IBS Version (2001).
Living Bibles International produced a New Testament in 1985. Following the 1992 merger of LBI with IBS, the International Bible Society produced a complete Bible in 2001. This is a translation from the English NIV, or is at least very heavily reliant upon it.

</doc>
<doc id="18369977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369977" title="Requetemu">
Requetemu

Requetemu is a town in the Mexican state of San Luis Potosí. Its coordinates are . It is 89m (292 feet) above sea level. There is a NOAA weather station here.

</doc>
<doc id="18369994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369994" title="District of Columbia Organic Act of 1801">
District of Columbia Organic Act of 1801

The District of Columbia Organic Act of 1801 (officially An Act Concerning the District of Columbia) (6th Congress, 2nd Sess., ch. 15, , enacted 1801-02-27) is an Organic Act enacted by the United States Congress in accordance with of the United States Constitution. It formally placed the District of Columbia under the control of the United States Congress and organized the unincorporated territory within the District into two counties: Washington County to the north and east of the Potomac River and Alexandria County to the west and south. The charters of the existing cities of Georgetown and Alexandria were left in place and no change was made to their status. The common law of both Maryland and Virginia continued to remain in force within the District. A court was established in each of the new counties.
Subsequent history.
On May 3, 1802, the City of Washington was granted a municipal government consisting of a mayor appointed by the President of the United States. The portion of the District of Columbia ceded by Virginia was returned to that state in 1846-47. The District of Columbia Organic Act of 1871 replaced the municipal governments of the City of Washington, Georgetown, and Washington County with a single, unified government for the whole District.
District voting rights.
Following the passage of this Act, residents of the District of Columbia were no longer considered to be residents of either Maryland or Virginia. This left District residents unable to vote for members of Congress. They have voted in Presidential elections since the adoption of the Twenty third Amendment in 1961 (which first applied in the election of 1964). District residents are represented in the House of Representatives by a non-voting delegate who may vote in committee and participate in debate, but cannot vote for final passage of a bill in the House. There have been several efforts to give the inhabitants of the District representation.

</doc>
<doc id="18369997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369997" title="Guido Monte">
Guido Monte

Guido Monte (born 1962) is an Italian writer and poet. In his recent works, he employs linguistic blending in the search for meaningful and archetypal relations between distant cultures.
His works and translations have been published by international magazines (as "Words without Borders", "Swans Commentary", and "Ars Interpres"). On his blending experiments, he uses also Japanese, Sanskrit, Sheng and languages of ethnic groups in Kenya.
Poetry and linguistic blending.
On the way of Jorge Luis Borges, Ezra Pound’s "Cantos" and T. S. Eliot’s "The Waste Land", Monte thinks that “…if we admit that some archetypal ideas are common among our planet inhabitants, then we can state, in the sense meant by Borges, that just one “Book” has been written, as an evidence of the original and permanent cultural unity of the world and it contains all the chaotic fragments ever thought and written by people searching for the deep truth of things…”.
Different languages can be approached and mixed “to transmit something that apparently is far in space and time” (on what was defined as "a meta-communicative way"). On this thinking, a "blending" author can “compose” poems and works without using his own verses, but only other poets’ lines (and sometimes this is Monte’s peculiarity), remembering every time, in the beginning, the names of the authors. On another experiment, in fact, Monte puts together, in a common archetypal idea, lines of Virgil, Dante and Blake.
If Monte translates, for instance, the first verses of Genesis or any other holy texts in two or three languages, “…we realize that the new and different sounds, irrespective of our linguistic knowledge, suggest new, universal, cosmic vibrations that the original version didn't succeed in transmitting. In any case they reveal the complexity of reading different levels”:
"In principio diviserunt Elohim / coelum et terram / and the land was left barren / et les ombres noires / enveloppaient les profondeurs / bade korgolòdei dar ruie / oghionusoh parmisad / et aura divina / super oceani undas" ("Genesis", Words without Borders, 2004)
Alison Phipps, expert in Intercultural Studies, defines this form of blending as an "embroidering gossamer".<br>
In his last experiments, on Swans Commentary, the visual coloured arrangement of verses (one colour for each one of the poem's selected authors) is important in conveying the intended effect of his multilingual works.
The French writer Orlando de Rudder, thinks that Monte's attempts are the beginning of a new ""synthèse" des langues", a form of "Babel Library" where all the world poets live together, syncretistically, common universal feelings. The Italian writer Claudio Magris thinks that this kind of poetry is definable as "meticciato organico" ("organic blending").

</doc>
<doc id="18369999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369999" title="USS Pontiac (ID-2343)">
USS Pontiac (ID-2343)

USS "Pontiac" (ID 2343) was a commercial ferryboat twice chartered by the U.S. Navy during World War I. After acquiring the ferry from the Pawtucket Steamboat Co, the Navy was not able to find an adequate use for the vessel, such as a minesweeper, and returned it, finally, to its owner.
Built in Rhode Island.
"Pontiac", a 112 gross ton steam ferryboat built at East Providence, Rhode Island, in 1883 and rebuilt there in 1909, was previously named "Pioneer".
World War I service.
She was chartered by the Navy in March 1918 and briefly was USS "Pontiac" (ID 2343). However, a planned conversion to a minesweeper was not carried out and she was returned to her owner in June 1918. Again taken over soon after that, she was given back to her owner for a final time in July 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="18370002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370002" title="Sheohar (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Sheohar (Lok Sabha constituency)

Sheohar Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Sheohar Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following six Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
As of Muzzffarpur North-West Constituency
As of Pupri Lok Sabha constituency:
As of Sheohar Lok Sabha constituency:

</doc>
<doc id="18370003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370003" title="Gints Gabrāns">
Gints Gabrāns

Gints Gabrāns (born May 23, 1978 in Valmiera) is a well-known contemporary Latvian artist. He mainly works with installations and new media art. He won the Hansabank Art Award in 2005, and in 2007 represented Latvia at the Venice Biennale with the project "Paramirrors".

</doc>
<doc id="18370006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370006" title="Koluvere, Lääne County">
Koluvere, Lääne County

Koluvere is a settlement in Kullamaa Parish, Lääne County in western Estonia.
Koluvere castle is located in Koluvere.

</doc>
<doc id="18370009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370009" title="Windsor Vineyards">
Windsor Vineyards

Windsor Vineyards is a winery located in Windsor, California, USA.
Founded in 1959 in Tiburon, California by winemaker Rodney Strong, Windsor Vineyards has been referred to as a pioneer in the direct-to-consumer wine business, and remains one of the largest direct-to-consumer wineries in the United States.
History.
Originally called Tiburon Vinters, in 1962 Strong relocated the winery to Windsor and renamed it to Windsor Vineyards. The move allowed for increased production and was closer to Strong's Sonoma County vineyard properties. The winery was eventually sold to the Klein winemaking family in 1989.
The winery changed hands again in 2000 when it was purchased by Australian wine unit Mildura Blass, who added Windsor to its family of international wine holdings under the umbrella of Beringer Blass Wine Estates.
Most recently, vintner Patrick Roney purchased Windsor Vineyards in 2007, who subsequently brought in winemaker Marco DiGiulio. Windsor continues to operate its tasting room in the original Tiburon location.

</doc>
<doc id="18370034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370034" title="IF Midtdjurs">
IF Midtdjurs

IF Midtdjurs is a Danish football club situated in Ryomgaard on Djursland.
The clubs first team are playing in Danish Serie 2, after gaining promotion from Serie 3 in 2007. The first team manager is Ingi Thordarson.

</doc>
<doc id="18370035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370035" title="Orgita">
Orgita

Orgita () is a settlement in Märjamaa Parish, Rapla County in western Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18370037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370037" title="Zaafarana palace">
Zaafarana palace

The Zaafarana palace is located in the Egyptian capital Cairo, near Abbasyia district at Khalifa Maamon Road.
Now it is inside the main campus of the Ain Shams University.
It was one of the royal palaces and it is said that King Farouk was born in this palace.
The palace consists of three floors and was designed by the French educated Egyptian architect Moghri bey Saad and built during the regime of Khedive Ismail. The palace was so named because the area surrounding it was famous for saffron (in Arabic ""zaafaran"") plantations. The palace was used to host the administration offices of the Egyptian University when it was established in 1925. It was used by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as a guest house for accommodating important visitors. 
The palace also witnessed the signing of the Anglo-Egyptian Treaty of 1936 and the founding of the Arab League in March 1945. 
Finally in 1952, it came to be used as the administrative headquarters of Ain Shams University.

</doc>
<doc id="18370061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370061" title="Jockum Nordström">
Jockum Nordström

Jockum Nordström (born 1963) is a Swedish artist, best known for his vivid collages, but also for his drawings, paintings and work as an illustrator.
Biography.
Jockum Nordström was born December 19, 1963 in Sweden in a family with two brothers and one sister. His father Gert Z Nordström was a professor of art education at Konstfack, University College of Art, Crafts and Design, the same school and department from where Jockum graduated in 1988. Nordström’s national popularity increased with the series of children’s books about the character "Sailor" and his dog "Pekka", and while working as an illustrator at the Stockholm newspaper "Dagens Nyheter" 1997-1999. Nordström has also designed record sleeves for the rock band Caesars. His first show in the United States was at Jack Hanley Gallery in San Francisco 1999. In 2000 his reputation increased rapidly when some of Nordström’s drawings were exhibited at Liste in Basel and quickly were sold out, among others to the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York. He joined David Zwirner Gallery in New York City in shortly after.
Nordström met his wife, the Swedish painter Karin Mamma Andersson, while working at a summer camp. They live in the Stockholm suburb Tallkrogen and have two sons.
Works.
Nordström is known for his collages, paintings, drawings and sculptures that knit together references to folk art and outsider art, jazz, surrealist collage, furniture and architectural design. Retrieved on 9 July 2008</ref> human sexual habits and maritime lore. He has also written children's books and designed album covers. His work is in the public collections of the Museum of Modern Art in New York, the Moderna Museet and Magasin 3 in Stockholm, and the Gothenburg Art Museum.
Catalogues.
2007 Los Angeles, California. Roberts & Tilton. Other Scenes, 2007. Text by Aaron Rose.
2003 Galleri Magnus Karlsson. Jockum Nordström: Between the table and the Legs /Works 2000-2002, Stockholm 2003.
Animated films.
1997 "In his Loneliness" (10 min)
1994 "The Sunday Orchestra" (5 min)
Exhibitions.
2013 Villeneuve d'Ascq, France, LaM (Lille métropole musée d'art moderne, d'art contemporain et d'art brut) : "Jockum Nordström. All I Have Learned and Forgotten Again " (16 February - 19 May 2013).[http://www.musee-lam.fr/]

</doc>
<doc id="18370066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370066" title="Kaerepere">
Kaerepere

Kaerepere is a small borough ("") in Kehtna Parish, Rapla County in central Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18370067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370067" title="2000–01 Maltese First Division">
2000–01 Maltese First Division

The Maltese First Division 2000–01 (known as Rothmans First Division 2000-01 for sponsorship reasons) started on 9 September 2000 and finished on 29 April 2001. Gozo and Zurrieq were the relegated teams from the Maltese Premier League 1999-00. Marsaxlokk and Qormi were the promoted teams from the Maltese Second Division. Marsa finished as champions, by just one point, and were promoted to the Maltese Premier League 2001-02 alongside Lija Athletic, who finished runners-up. Tarxien and Zurrieq were relegated to the Maltese Second Division 2001-02. This was the second straight relegation for Zurrieq, having been relegated from the Premier League the previous season. Ironically, Marsa suffered their only defeat at the hands of Zurrieq
Participating teams.
The Maltese First Division 2000–01 was made up of these teams:
Final League Table 2000-01.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsC = Champions; R = Relegated; RP = Relegation playoffs
Results.
For a complete set of results,see 1

</doc>
<doc id="18370070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370070" title="Spice Boys (footballers)">
Spice Boys (footballers)

The Spice Boys was a media term for a group of Liverpool F.C. footballers in the mid-late 1990s, seen typically as being composed of Jamie Redknapp, David James, Steve McManaman, Robbie Fowler and Jason McAteer. The term is sometimes used to include other members of the squad, like Stan Collymore, Phil Babb, Neil Ruddock, Dominic Matteo, Patrik Berger, Rob Jones, Paul Ince, John Scales, Jamie Carragher and Michael Owen, whose antics were also scrutinised as being of the "Spice Boy" stereotype due to association with their team-mates.
Term.
The "Spice Boys" emerged as a term coined to characterise the antics and lifestyles off the pitch of the Liverpool 1990s players as high earning playboys who were underachieving in the game, based on a play on words on the name of the hugely popular pop music band, the Spice Girls.
Comparisons to the Spice Girls.
The comparisons to the Spice Girls largely emerged in 1996, aided by unfounded tabloid rumours that Fowler was dating Spice Girl Baby Spice (Emma Bunton) and after which, the "Daily Mail" coined the term, which then became synonymous with Liverpool F.C.'s team of the time, with all the other newspapers following subsequently in using the term. Other reasons for the nickname stemmed from the direct links between some of the players and the actual Spice Girls' members. Jamie Redknapp and Steve McManaman were personally described by Mel C (Sporty Spice) as her personal favourite footballers, and that she would always go to Anfield to watch them play. McManaman meanwhile, had Simon Fuller (the creator of the Spice Girls and "Pop Idol") as his sports agent, sealing the links off the field.
Football and pop culture in the 1990s.
The 1990s was not a successful era for Liverpool, in terms of footballing success, and the group were cast as "nearly men" and failed to oust Manchester United in both the FA Cup and FA Premier League challenges, winning little in spite of their talent, widely held to be due to a lack of discipline. The label is negative and highlights the players' focusing on partying and clubbing, sports cars, dating and groupies, fame and hairstyles rather than football, making as the "Daily Mail" describes, "inroads in the pages of glossy magazines than in the league table." The term, though harsh, was the media's way referring to the negative side of the manner in which talented English Footballers handled new money and popularity and stardom, which the game of football suddenly brought them in unprecedented levels in the 1990s, compared with the 1980s and before.
In 1997, Malcolm Gladwell's landmark article on coolhunting, in "The New Yorker" discussed how the Spice Boys were seen as making the city of Liverpool "cool" because it involved "soccer blokes in the pubs going superdressy and wearing Dolce & Gabbana and Polo Sport and Reebok Classics on their feet. It all began in the early 1990s, where photogenic players (not necessarily tagged as Spice Boys yet as the term had not emerged yet) like Jamie Redknapp and Ryan Giggs emerged as merchandising and mass marketed "poster boys" of the English football game, and fronted many football magazine covers and featured in advertisements. This carried on increasingly through the decade, and many good looking players like David Ginola achieved celebrity fame on unprecedented levels where certain football stars had become idols on par with rock stars and pop stars, by and around the mid-1990s. The Liverpool team of the 1990s seemed to epitomise all the negative combinations of fame and fortune, and because unlike others, were a talented crew with top level potential in the game itself, were criticised for underachievement, and emerged as the face of the label; thus bearing the brunt of the innuendo. More than that however, the Spice boys were noted for also polarising public opinion, as "The Daily Telegraph" assessed it: "...Group of high-spirited, fun-loving young players who were a central feature of Liverpool's talented and entertaining, but perpetually under-achieving, squad of the Nineties. At least, that's the generous description. Others saw them as just an irresponsible bunch who were a bad influence in the dressing-room and should not be given house room."
Early criticisms.
Criticism stemmed from perceptions forged in the media about the Liverpool players of the time. Steve McManaman and Robbie Fowler gave raunchy "birds, booze and BMWs" interviews to magazines like "Loaded" which went down poorly with the media, who labelled them as "scally" and "hedonist" characters shortly after. Meanwhile, Redknapp (who also married pop star Louise Nurding) had already been the face of marketing and already fronted scores of magazines, then stepped up a level when he and James were involved in modelling for Armani. The pair flew over to Milan for catwalk shows, fashion shoots and missed training in the late 1990s, although James claimed the news media blew the incidents out of proportion. McAteer was one of the first footballers to appear in hair shampoo advertisements since Kevin Keegan, and it seemed a new era was dawning. McAteer did commercials for Head & Shoulders, and together with Redknapp, appeared in Top Man catalogues, while James also became an official Armani underwear model in 1997. In the 21st century, it is common for football stars to obtain such commercial deals, but in the 1990s, this was seen as unique, and the Spice Boys were criticised because the media and fans saw these new forays as affecting their results and performances on the pitch, leading to large amounts of criticisms in the press.
Scandals and controversies.
Neil Ruddock spoke in an interview in 2010, saying he was delighted to be in the "Spice Boys" team because they were "earning tons of money, driving Ferraris and bedding Page 3 girls before anyone else". The reason Ruddock and the Spice Boys could say this, was because it is statistically accurate that the English footballers in the 1990s were earning at least ten times the amount footballers before then had been earning, widely due to the influx of television and revenue streams for the newly revamped and globally marketed, FA Premier League. Players' wages swelled to an average of 10–20,000 pounds a week in those days and was constantly rising each season until the present day. With the newfound money and fame, many players had to deal with these issues, but the Spice Boys were notable for their very public controversies related to how they went about it, with Stan Collymore stating in his biography that he believes that the television show "Footballers' Wives" is based on the stereotypes, many of which were perpetuated from the Spice Boys' antics, and that not only are the depictions very accurate, but that the whole show might have been based on the very idea of dramatising the documentation of the rise of footballers' dealing with newfound fame and wealth having been thrust into these lifestyles in the first place.
McManaman meanwhile, told FourFourTwo magazine that the Spice Boys was based on misconceptions, saying: "The Spice Boys at one time consisted of eight or nine players and the press just used to change the personnel as they fancied. It was unfortunate because when we finished third in the league we got a lot of stick for it. At the time I felt very sorry for some of the lads involved. But it didn't bother me personally as I was playing very good football at the time...When we finished third and people saw us having a laugh and a joke, they thought we didn't care. Nowadays, when you finish third, everyone is thrilled to bits...Everyone's excited about qualifying for the Champions League. Under Roy Evans we did that a lot, and did it by playing fantastic football, but because there were a few young lads who liked to enjoy themselves at times, people had misconceptions."
The Spice Boys of Liverpool were notable for headlining several scandals covered to great extent in the British Tabloids in the 1990s:
Cup Final cream suits.
Perhaps the most defining moment for the players was seen as the 1996 FA Cup Final, when the Liverpool stars infamously wore cream Emporio Armani suits and paraded around the pitch prior to kick-off, a game which they went on to lose to rivals Manchester United. In their defence, McAteer and McManaman both claimed in interviews that they were not doing anything differently from the "lads at Manchester United or Arsenal", but that they were picked on by the media, because of their good looks and because they failed to win the titles and be successful. Robbie Fowler also quipped to the "Daily Mirror" newspaper about its notoriety in an interview in 2008, 12 years later: "People still remind me about the white suits all the time. It's one of those things - if we had won the game nobody would have mentioned it but we lost and it has become infamous. It was David James' fault we wore white suits, it was his idea. He's bigger than everyone so nobody questioned him and at the time he was an Armani model."
That year, Jamie Redknapp was also castigated by the media and fans for his reputation as chief prima donna in the Spice Boys team, and Redknapp said it was his good looks that caused deep resentment, even amongst a small minority of Liverpool's own fans. He said: "Don't get me wrong, the Liverpool fans are the best in the world, but there are always one or two who get on your back. They usually wait for it to go quiet then they shout some horrible abuse at you. When you look at them they are usually the ugliest people in the whole of the ground. I'm sensible enough to know that I'm not everyone's cup of tea but I sometimes think the way I look is my biggest problem. I reckon people find it easier to have a dig at a player with long hair because they think you are a bit of a tart. As for the Spice Boys tag - like hell we are the Spice Boys. Let's face it, the Spice Girls are at the top of their profession and we are still trying to get to the top of ours, so I hardly think it is a good nickname."
However, the Spice boys situation was not helped because they also always seemed to get caught in compromising situations by the media, armed with photos and evidence, and because their reputations meant they were targeted and watched, it only exacerbated the negative publicity.
Vandalism, humour, pranks and orgies.
The Spice Boys were largely showcased in the media because they involved high profile players, many of whom played for their National Teams, where McManaman and Fowler had already been associated with the drinking games and "dentist's chair incident" prior to the Euro 1996 and the trashing of a Cathay Pacific flight cabin with Paul Gascoigne.
This media focus meant that players were caught each time they were behaving like this and their behaviour and lack of decorum- such as their antics at the Liverpool Football Club 1998 Christmas party with drinking, sex toys and strippers (labelled as the "most debauched Christmas party in the world...ever" by "The Independent") highlighted for the nation their infamy, and got them castigated by the media to such a large degree that it warranted national attention and outcries for lack of discipline and effort, on the basis that these players owed a duty of care to their national team, and that their lack of discipline would affect their professionalism. Older players like Ince and McManaman were also blamed for being a negative influence on the younger stars, like Jamie Carragher, who was photographed stripping his Hunchback of Notre Dame costume and cavorting with a stripper and wielding whipped cream, before having sex in front of revellers in Liverpool's 1998 costume party- an incident marked by newspaper "The Guardian" as one of the top 10 examples of footballers behaving badly. In the aftermath of that notorious night at the Pen & Wig pub, press reports ran stories filled with lurid details of men tearing off their clothes to have full sex in the name of "unwinding" and "festive fun" in front of guests; the obscenity of which shocked the nation and even Liverpool's own fans claimed that Bill Shankly's original purpose of Liverpool's Christmas party (to "bond" the players) had been lost in a new generation, focused on debauchery.
Fowler and McManaman were also labelled for being serial pranksters with a scally sense of humour that was not appreciated, reported widely in the media, with reports of them cutting up team mates' shoes, destroying team mates' rooms, and doing pranks at Bisham Abbey before live cameras, which did not help their shedding of the negative labels, and earned them a cult following of fans. Fowler was reported in the media for several controversies, some of which were on the pitch- including his sending off during an Under-21 game in Austria for swearing; getting punished by the FA for baring his backside to Leicester fans; and an incident on an Under-21 trip to Portugal when a hotel room shared by Kevin Gallen was damaged, plus an infamous airport punch-up before tabloid cameras with team-mate Neil Ruddock in 1995/96 where Ruddock punched Fowler up for cutting up his 300 pound Gucci shoes, when Fowler claimed he only did that because he thought Ruddock had instigated players to urinate into his footwear. Ruddock and McAteer meanwhile had also been making several tabloid headlines following a widely reported "Porsche incident" involving a coat hanger where Ruddock called the police over to McAteer's house to help him with his car, and the police told McAteer to get a coat hanger so they could help him open his car doors as he had locked his keys inside, and he went and brought out a wooden one. McAteer was also notorious for several other such stories that filled the tabloids, including a "pizza" story, where McAteer was asked if he wanted a pizza cut in eights and replied, "Nah, I'm not that hungry, just cut it in fours please", where after which, McAteer obtained a new nickname instead of "Dave"- "Double Trigger" (both based on "Only Fools and Horses" characters) for his perceived lack of intelligence.
The Spice Boys were also popular for their tongue in cheek antics that were ahead of their time, with them ranging from anything from having half the squad dye their hair platinum blonde or with blonde highlights as part of summer pranks before the 1996 and 1997 seasons, to driving round the city sitting on the bonnet of a stretch limousine, to antics at horseracing festivals, such as the Cheltenham festival and Aintree, where McManaman and Fowler led the Spice Boys to collectively purchase two thoroughbreds and called them "Some Horse" and "Another Horse", just so they could have a laugh (to the commentator's chagrin) when results and the commentary was broadcast.
On-field issues.
In 1996, Ruddock was famously involved in an on-field scuffle with Manchester United star Eric Cantona. Ruddock responded to Cantona's taunts about his weight by turning down the Frenchman's collar (in his after dinner speaking, Ruddock says of the incident- "trust me to pick the only Frenchman around who wanted a tear-up"). Ruddock said in 2011, that Cantona actually made up with him in 1996, by giving him his FA Cup Final shirt in the tunnel after the game, as he must have felt sorry for Ruddock not playing nor winning.
In 1996/97, Ruddock also admitted to deliberately executing a malicious tackle against Andrew Cole, breaking both his legs, in a reserve game between Liverpool and Manchester United in 1996, saying he hated Cole and shocking many fans.
In 1997, Fowler was fined by UEFA for pulling up his shirt after scoring against Brann Bergen, in a European game, to reveal a mock Calvin Klein T-shirt in support of striking Liverpool dockers. McManaman was wearing one, too, and they had agreed between them to swap shirts with the opposition at the end of the game to register their support for the dockers, but subtly. Fowler and McManaman had also become infamous for pioneering (in the Premiership) several t-shirt related celebrations with political or arrogant slogans such as "God's Job's A Good 'Un", largely in reference to Fowler's nickname, "god", and, together with a message, the pair would scribble these on t-shirts hidden under their shirts, and unveil them before live television cameras after they scored goals; something unheard of at the time. Fowler and McManaman were infamous for writing on their shirt, a good few years before many other players started imitating them, though manager Roy Evans did threaten to inflict club discipline on them if they continued with it. The trend eventually led to FIFA and the Premier league's banning or punishment with a yellow card for the removal of shirt tops during a goal celebration a decade later.
In 1997, a spate of defensive errors in the run in for the 1996-97 FA Premier League title race, saw Liverpool fall away badly having led the league for much of the campaign, with David James earning the nickname "Calamity James" for a series of howlers. James responded by putting down his spate of errors to an overindulgence in playing computer games on his Sony PlayStation that in turn affected his concentration, due to his gaming addiction.
In 1999, Fowler celebrated a goal by mimicking the action of snorting cocaine on the goal line, leading the Football Association to charge him with disciplinary action. Fowler rebutted by saying that he was merely responding to opposition fans from local rivals Everton FC, that had repeatedly taunted him with drug abuse remarks and even vandalised his home.
Also in 1999, Fowler was charged for deriding fellow England colleague Graeme Le Saux with homosexual taunts on two occasions, with a report detailing Fowler's words- responding to Le Saux's statement about his sexuality, "But I'm married!" with the quip, "So was Elton John, mate!" Fowler was fined and banned by the FA for this behaviour, while Paul Ince also joined the stir when he too was penalised for his homophobic taunting of Le Saux during a 1997 Liverpool – Chelsea match- a verdict which resulted in a long running coolness between the two players, despite the fact that Le Saux is not actually gay.
Other off-field & image issues.
In 2001, Fowler was assaulted and left with a broken nose in a Liverpool nightclub for the third time in four years, and though Fowler was hardly at fault in these incidents, the constant media and tabloid exposure to such stories describing off the pitch incidents, affected his reputations and some believe that Fowler's departure from Liverpool and lack of recognition with the England team in latter years were related. Fowler also claimed, largely in controversial circumstances, both in his autobiography and in news reports, that a concerted media attack on him was waged by certain sections of the media, and by certain people who were out to slur his reputation and create an image of a person who was a drug abuser, when in fact, he stated, it could not be further from the truth and that he would never take drugs and knew its effects as he had a relative of his die due to its effects.
Stan Collymore, notorious for failing to turn up for training, refusing to play for the reserve squad, and simply ringing up the coach to inform him he was not showing up meanwhile, claimed he was not one of the Spice boys, and left the club a year after the labelling began, but was still often lumped with the likes of Jamie Redknapp, Jason McAteer and David James even though he constantly attempted to distance himself from associations with them. Collymore famously tried to argue that he was not like the Spice Boys at Liverpool and gave several press interviews where he bashed the Spice Boys culture, saying: "At Liverpool I sometimes felt I had to pretend to be somebody else. If I was out with the lads there, I felt I had to be like a 'Spice Boy' or something to conform to that image. Robbie Fowler and Jamie Redknapp had people around them I imagined were there just because of who they are, the reflected glory thing. I am not confident with that, trying to be something I am not." Collymore's words angered the Spice Boy Liverpool players of the time, who accused Collymore of lying.
Collymore constantly then distanced himself from the image of the past, yet however, ironically turned out to be the most outspoken one on the Spice Boys past in the ensuing years: choosing to speak in a Channel Five television show "Confessions of a Premiership Footballer" in 2004, and once again talking about the extent of the issues at the club at the time in his autobiography titled "Tackling My Demons", in 2006- on both occasions revealing sordid details about a lack of discipline at the club, the Spice Boys' hedonistic sexual romps with women, threesomes in hotel rooms, and the problems they all faced, stressing his sexual addiction and confessing even to having sex with manager Roy Evans' daughter while the manager was next door in a Knightsbridge hotel where the team was staying, on the night of the 1996 FA Cup Final.
Break-up & later revelations.
Whilst not nearly as controversial, the other "Spice Boys" had left Liverpool too by 2000/01, as new Liverpool coach Gérard Houllier undertook a radical reordering of the club and slowly transferred most of the Spice Boys out of the squad, or, reforming them, as the Daily Mail called it: "dragging Liverpool's Spice Boys out of the nightclubs and into the realities of modern football.". In reality, the Spice Boys had been broken up. Many of those who departed the club remained in the public spotlight though, and had their own different sets of problems to cope with. In late 2001, McManaman and Fowler were reported to have gone out drinking late, the night before an England game, and this was reported in all the media as a betrayal of duty and role model leadership example setting, and an affront to the honour of playing for England. However, Robbie Fowler and McManaman both claimed in their biographies that the media had made a mistake based on the past innuendoes they had associated them with, and they had merely gone out for dinner that night, though it is widely believed that their collective lack of squad selection in the England setup, was directly correlated to their Spice Boy image of the past. It is widely believed that controversies like these, regardless of the players' claims to innocence, did nothing to help the public image of both the players and their club, as well as the game of football's reputation. The fact that these controversies arose constantly in the national media concerning the Spice Boys shaped public opinion, and arguably affected the players' England and club careers. Over the decade ahead in the 2000s, many revelations were made by the Spice Boys as they reflected on their time in football.
Former Liverpool defender and senior player to the Spice Boys team of the time, Mark Wright, slated the Spice Boys, saying the tag caused them to fail: "I think they liked the tag. Some of them were good-looking lads. They revelled in it and they were having fun. They thought they could just switch it on on the football field and that doesn't happen. Of course the rest of us had nights out but I think some people forget how lucky they are to play for Liverpool and some of them took it for granted." Others have suggested that such stories have led to an accountability and discipline failure both at Liverpool's management and club level on its players. Renowned Liverpool journalists like Paul Tomkins, Tony Evans, Tony Barrett and the like have been critical of the Spice Boys, saying their tomfoolery was linked to their priorities to make money and have fun in the game, and their tendency to "wash up and head on the highway to London" each Saturday after games. Mick McCarthy famously told of how he bumped into half the squad at the airport on the same flight to London having just also come from watching the very game they were playing in, saying it was only possible if they must have skipped a post-match talk, and headed straight for the airport.
Jason McAteer also told a story about Neil Ruddock urinating during an important Premiership game while the squad were defending a corner, while widely spread stories of players playing games like "pass the pound" (where players allegedly passed a coin to each other during Premiership matches and the player who ended up with the coin by the 90th minute would have to buy drinks at the pub after) did not go down well with the media. Rio Ferdinand added that Fowler brought the "Pass the Pound" game to Leeds United when he moved there as the Leeds team began playing that game during Premiership matches in 2001/02.
Further stories of players allegedly parking their sports and luxury cars in the manager's parking space, writing cheques and placing it on the manager's table for a laugh (after directly asking the manager how much the fine was for missing training), or, of burning pound bills as part of "dares" in the pubs in front of fans, upset the Merseyside media further, with "Daily Mirror" reporter Brian Reade also heartbreakingly noting in his book, "43 Years With The Same Bird", that one of the final straws was when some of the Spice Boys mocked Roy Evans' tears (for the sake of a laugh) on the day he resigned. Many of these revelations left many fans upset with the state of the 1990s team's attitude, and justifying for them, Gérard Houllier's continental revolution of the early 2000s, which saw Liverpool instill much needed discipline in attitudes and diets and the way the players were managed, resulting in silverware in 2001.
Final years & players' reflections.
Even the players themselves were open about their own admissions, where Stan Collymore himself described the lack of authoritative respect for the management of the club, with the likes of players walking out of training when they did not agree with the regimen for the day, of players like Ruddock dousing himself with water just before the physio returned so as to pretend to have "trained", or of players like Fowler just playfully grabbing a hold of manager Roy Evans before gripping him in an armlock and then ruffling up his hair- ultimately saying that such behaviour would never happen under Alex Ferguson and that this summed up the difference between the talents on both sides and how they ended up. Doubtlessly, such stories led to some outcries of lack of effort and letting down the Liverpool fans by taking the club and the fans for granted.
David James, meanwhile, stated that all the Spice Boys had in fact, always known that they should have been achieving more. "On paper, man for man, we were as good as United...We allowed ourselves too many distractions and once we'd won the League Cup all but switched off. We were seduced by things peripheral to football. I remember Robbie Williams travelling down to Aston Villa with us on the team coach, and he was strolling about on the pitch before the game. He was a decent bloke but what the hell was he doing being allowed on the team coach? Unlike Roy Evans, Fergie would never have let that happen."
McManaman and Redknapp, however, had a different view for their lack of success, stating that it was not so much about the discipline, but that they had ran into a very good Manchester United side at the time, that was the reason for their lack of silverware in the 1990s. Redknapp said: "United were incredible. They had a crop of players that would never ever happen again: Nicky Butt, David Beckham, Ryan Giggs, the Neville brothers, Paul Scholes, one of the best footballers of any generation. That United team came through at the same time as us and we were always second best to them. That's how it is sometimes."
In 2004, several of the Spice boys of the ex-Liverpool team found themselves reunited at Manchester City FC, under ex-Liverpool legend, Kevin Keegan, and the media were quick to point out that the "Spice Boys were reuniting", but Kevin Keegan refused to comment and David James told reporters they had become "old spice": 'We may as well get the Spice Boys nonsense dealt with right from the start because I get the feeling it might be mentioned in a few headlines. Even if it was justified in the first place, and I don't think it was, it is now ancient history. Call us Old Spice.' That year, McManaman and Fowler also got caught up in a sex scandal with a single mother of three, after a failed attempt at obtaining an injunction, with facts emerging in the case that suggested that the pair had well rehearsed their routine of getting the woman in bed, with her saying: "They think they are gods, but they're vultures", which then led to a naming and shaming scandal for both players, that further tainted their reputations.
In 2004, Stan Collymore, who had already been steeped in controversy over his career moves and over assault allegations surrounding his beating up ex-partner Ulrika Jonsson in Paris years earlier, appeared in the press once again for wrong reasons, after he admitted to having sex in public places with strangers in acts known as dogging, as well as for his battles with ongoing depression. Collymore continues to battle depression and has been writing columns on the illness.
In 2005, Robbie Fowler responded by summing up the trappings and mistakes he made, and whilst he did not deny nor excuse the Spice Boys' behaviour, he explained the situation as part of "growing up", to "The Guardian" newspaper, saying it was only going to get worse with future generations of footballers: "When you're a teenager from inner-city Liverpool, you don't have any training on how to deal with the sideshow that comes with success. 'I've made plenty of mistakes, I know I have, and during my time as a footballer things have changed so that the spotlight is now even more intense. You have to be even more of a role model, a sensible, mature, intelligent professional, even if you're a cheeky little lad who's come from an inner-city council estate and put football before his studies...It strikes me that these days, clubs don't even want players who can truly play any more; they just want athletes, quick guys who don't have a football brain, can just run and run; some of them, Jesus. I can never imagine acting like that. Have a laugh, yeah, dick about, but don't give it the Charlie Big Bollocks. It's inevitable now, because everyone is a superstar, even if they're just an average player, and maybe that was part of the process set in motion when I signed that contract in 1994."
In 2011, Dominic Matteo also explained this behaviour by the team of the 1990s (in his autobiography), as a result of the "traps" that befell many players from the era, saying: "I think lots of players from my era will read the book and relate to what I am saying. It was a time when there was lots of money flying about. Add that to the spare time a player has, and it is easy to fall into the traps I did."
Also in 2011, due to widely fired protests by Liverpool fans regarding the antics that the Spice Boys were accused of, Neil Ruddock appeared on LFCTV's 60 Minutes, the club's official website television program, and categorically said that the game of "pass the pound" exclusively took place only during training, and not in competitive games. Some fans however, highlighted that this was in stark contrast to what Ruddock had ghost written in his own autobiography years earlier where it was recorded that "pass the pound" took place during competitive matches "for a laugh", because it was there that the revelations came to light in the first place. The issue continues to upset or cause dissension amongst Liverpool fans till today, who are eager to find a scapegoat for the failures of the 1990s.
In 2013, David James told French Football Magazine, France Football that he hoped to use the mistakes he'd seen during the Spice Boys' era to make him a better future coach and manager. "As someone who wants to be a manager in the future, I can tell you that one of the worst things is to see players waste their talents and not do everything in their power to win games. I was one of those players. All of this is very ambivalent. You want to win; you just do nothing about it. At Liverpool, there were some really talented guys. In 1996, we played a Cup final vs Manchester United (Liverpool lost 1-0 to a Cantona goal). We were rubbish. People only remember our pre-match creamy white suits. This Spice Boys image didn’t come out of thin air, it had some foundations. You never once saw the Manchester United boys in the clubs. They didn’t have women surrounding them, never had any pictures in the press. We were everywhere. Even on television shows, on a Friday night before a game. The worst was the fact that no one was telling us anything, all the while losing games. Had I been the manager (Roy Evans at the time), I’d have said: “Guys, you will have fun when you win.""
Prominent Liverpool reporter, Brian Reade however, had a much harsher take on the Spice Boys' lack of success, attributing the players' constant blame shifting as the very source of their entire problem in the first place. Using David James as his example, Reade wrote: "James also explained why he didn't get a look-in when Glenn Hoddle was England boss. Because they didn't get on. Glenn would offer James objective criticism and it shattered his confidence. So it was Hoddle's fault all along. We also heard from the great sage why Manchester United beat Liverpool in the 1996 FA Cup Final. Eric Cantona's goal, maybe? No.
'One group of young players was being given good, strong guidance and the other was not,' said James. Which dovetails with this assertion when Gerard Houllier showed him the door: 'All the mistakes I made at Liverpool were because they neglected crosses in training.' A statement which came as a surprise to Roy Evans, who had been told by the Armani model that it was down to playing too many games of Nintendo. Being David James means never having to take the blame for your calamitous nickname. So when the going gets even tougher at City, how quickly will he remind us that the problem with Keegan is that he's a smashing gaffer but he's too soft on the lads entirely."
Reade also added that overall, on reflection, it would seem that the Spice Boys' fundamental problem was one of attitude, ego, pride and mentality. Using McManaman as his second example, he writes: "NOW that the final Spice Boy has sashayed out of Anfield it's time to put on a Kate Thornton mask, waffle about why we all loved 1997, and ask where are they now? Whatever happened to Jamie Redknapp's white-suited compadres, whose alleged Saturday-evening ritual was to wash 'n' go straight onto the Manchester-Heathrow shuttle while the Kop was still emptying? Steve McManaman? Sat in his sumptuous villa on the outskirts of Madrid, refusing to watch England's under-strength midfield attempt to cope with the loss of David Beckham. Chewing over the fact that just as he reaches his peak, his England career is finished. And probably not giving a flying Figo. If McManaman was half as proud as he is gifted, he would have been devastated to know that when Beckham's broken foot set a nation talking, his name never once cropped up as the man whose talent and experience could fill the gap. He would feel ashamed that with Paul Scholes and Steven Gerrard the only proven international-class players in midfield, Sven Goran Eriksson hadn't asked him to lead his country out at his old stamping ground and show us why a few years ago Pele called him one of the best players in the world. But that's our Shaggy. So laid-back he's doing a permanent limbo dance...When it has come to showing he is worthy of his shirt his attitude has been: "I scored in a European Cup Final for the biggest club there is and I can't see why I'm sitting on a bench behind the likes of Nick Barmby. If you throw me on as sub, I go on with nothing to prove. And if you don't like my attitude, fair enough." Nowhere did that come across more than in his 25 minutes against Albania when his apathy was so great, every time he went down the paramedics did not know whether to bring on a stretcher or sun-lounger. He has complained that Eriksson only plays him in fits and starts and thus hasn't appreciated his true quality. But a player of his class should never have allowed that to be a problem. He should have been bursting a gut to embarrass the coach whenever he got the chance. It seems baffling that the most successful Englishman to play abroad (medals-wise) had his international career terminated at 29 when his country was crying out for his brand of skill. And it begs the question - have England made a blunder by discarding a world-class player? Or is the fact that he couldn't care whether he's discarded or not proof that McManaman never had the mental toughness to be a world-class player in the first-place? Like Sven, I'll plump for the latter." 
Finally, in page 41 of his bestseller, "44 Years with the Same Bird", Reade also stated that he believed that critics who labelled them the Spice Boys had got it absolutely right: "Look at Liverpool's Spice Boys who turned Wembley into a catwalk in 1996 to model cream Armani suits. Jamie Redknapp, David James, John Scales, Stan Collymore. They may well have been Calvin Klein model material, who had women swooning in their Paco Rabanne tail-winds, but as a team they stank. Now look at those great Liverpool sides of the 1980s filled with the likes of Ian Rush, Steve Nicol, John Wark, Peter Beardsley. Uglier than all of the seven deadly sins, as the Manchester Evening News often used to point out, but they rarely ended a season without seeing their less-than-gorgeous looks reflect at them back from polished silver.(As the Manchester Evening News used to avoid pointing out)."
Changing football culture.
At the time the Spice Boys emerged, certain players like Lee Sharpe, Jamie Redknapp and Ryan Giggs had become icons in football already, and football stars had become idols on par with rock stars and pop stars, in and around the mid- to late 1990s. Though this trend has largely carried on and is normative in football these days and where it is common for modern day footballers to be associated with scandal, women and drinking culture, the reason why the Spice Boys are notable is largely down to the fact that they were doing this en masse in the public eye for the first time, and a good decade before concepts of footballers exploiting their fame, getting caught up in scandal and doing modelling became mainstream media material and widely accepted in football culture. The obsession with celebrity, fashion and hairstyles also raised a new side to footballers as icons, a decade before the era of the metrosexual and several years before the rise of David Beckham, and a decade before the rise of Cristiano Ronaldo and the era of the marketed footballing fashion icon.
The Spice Boys of Liverpool have been listed alongside some of the most widely known scandal hit footballers in the history of world football, in a list of the Top 50 Most Controversial Players of All Time.
Usage today.
In recent times, the term has become a conjectural phrase associated with humour today, rather than pejorative innuendo, and has even seen fans of the popular social networking site Facebook, launch an application for it.

</doc>
<doc id="18370090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370090" title="Palivere">
Palivere

Palivere is a small borough ("") in Lääne-Nigula Parish, Lääne County in western Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18370097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370097" title="Geographical Operations System">
Geographical Operations System

In telecommunications, a Geographical Operations System (GOS) combines the integration of data with geographic mapping ability in a consolidated process for telecommunications companies. The process can be defined as, "...the marriage that integrating Geographic Information Systems (GIS) and Operational Support Systems (OSS) entails..." in a telecommunications company. The goal of a GOS is to open the spreading of information among employees of a company by providing equal access to geographic representation and database information about customers and equipment to ensure the deliverance of services. A Geographical Operations System is meant to provide all employees, from database managers to field technicians and customer service representatives, with equal access to information in order to enhance services and respond to problems. A GOS is adopted by telecommunications companies to combine maps of the company's service area with database information about the company's customers and equipment.
GOS Software.
GOS software relies on a central repository for critical data to foster better communication between the various branches of a telecom. GOS software may offer companies a means to achieve technological convergence in their marketed products. Open Database Connectivity (ODBC) is utilized to create a discernible pathway for retrieving information from GOS software for a range of employees that may not be familiar with database protocols. The software creates a channel within a company for experts to share information on the various aspects of the telecommunications company, thus opening the spread of information and increasing efficiency for employees.
Uniqueness.
The increasing pressures of competition and expansion in the telecommunications market have driven many vendors in the field to reassess internal organization and cooperation. Technological innovation has introduced greater capacity and capabilities in the telecommunications market, but also added complexity for many companies, as they attempt to develop commercial offerings with an ever-growing list of products and services. A Geographical Operations Systems meshes the importance of Geographical Information Systems – which provides the ability to store data in a geographically-correct map – with the reliance of telecommunications companies on Operational Support Systems as a way to categorize and maintain customer and equipment records. 
The Geographical Operations System simplifies interoperability in a telecommunications company by converging resources that may be stored in different programming languages from across the company into a single software program to be utilized by customer satisfaction representatives, equipment technicians, telecommunications engineers, and the accounting department, among others. Information is made general and uniform throughout a company to allow independent employees to carry out tasks without seeking out the expertise and time of coworkers.
Further reading.
Flournoy, Chuck (March–April 2008), “Tearing Down the Walls: Using Data Integration to Rethink Telecom Operations Management”, "Rural Telecommunications" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18370103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370103" title="Gwiazdka Cieszyńska">
Gwiazdka Cieszyńska

Gwiazdka Cieszyńska ("Cieszyn Star") was a weekly Polish magazine published in Cieszyn (Teschen), Silesia in 1851-1939. After 1906 it appeared biweekly. It succeeded "Tygodnik Cieszyński" magazine which appeared in 1848-1851.
The magazine accented the Polishness of Silesia and aimed to enlighten and emancipate the people of Cieszyn Silesia, spread national consciousness among Poles and present Polish history and traditions. It however disavowed from the radical social slogans. During the absolutist Bach system of the 1850s-1860s of the Austrian Empire it was the only Polish magazine in Cieszyn Silesia. In the 1860s it had about 1,400 subscribers, 300 of whom lived in Silesia, 600 in Galicia.
From the 1880s "Gwiazdka Cieszyńska" presented almost exclusively Catholic views, that were related to the spiritual evolution of editor Paweł Stalmach, who on his deathbed converted to Catholicism. From 1888 it was financed by the "Katolickie Towarzystwo Prasowe" (Catholic Press Society).
"Gwiazdka Cieszyńska" later became the press expression of "Związek Śląskich Katolików" (ZŚlK, Association of Silesian Catholics), which in February 1923 merged with the Polish Christian Democratic Party. Before his death, editor Józef Londzin bequeathed the magazine together with all of its property to the "Dziedzictwo Błogosławionego Jana Sarkandra" (Heritage of Blessed Jan Sarkander). In 1927 the reactivated "Związek Śląskich Katolików" quarrelled with "Dziedzictwo Błogosławionego Jana Sarkandra" before the elections to the Silesian Sejm. In consequence the former (ZŚlK) lost its press association with "Gwiazdka Cieszyńska". In 1930 the magazine adopted the Polish Christian Democratic stance.
"Gwiazdka Cieszyńska" also stood also against the influence of the socialist movement. Regional writers who contributed to the magazine included Andrzej Cinciała, Andrzej Kotula, Ernest Farnik, Emanuel Grim, Jan Kubisz and Oskar Zawisza.

</doc>
<doc id="18370113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370113" title="ATL Skytrain">
ATL Skytrain

The ATL SkyTrain is an automated people mover (APM) line at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport. The system opened on December 8, 2009. Unlike The Plane Train, which is located underground, inside the secure zone of the airport, the ATL SkyTrain is located outside the airport's secure zone and is elevated, crossing Interstate 85. In addition to the Consolidated Rental Car Facility, the new APM connects the airport to the Gateway Center of the Georgia International Convention Center, where a new station was built. The ride takes five minutes to travel from the terminal to the Hartsfield-Jackson Rental Car Center and vice versa, with a two and a half minute wait at each station. The station at the airport is located adjacent to MARTA's Airport station at the west end of the main terminal complex. The ATL SkyTrain uses Mitsubishi Crystal Mover vehicles as its rolling stock, (unlike The Plane Train, which uses Bombardier Innovia APM 100 vehicles, delivered in 2002). The system uses six two-car trains. The Hartsfield-Jackson Rental Car Center also features a maintenance and storage building where trains can be stored and repaired when necessary. The train announcements are voiced by professional voice talent, Sharon Feingold, who is also the voice behind the Incline Railway at Lookout Mountain in Chattanooga, Tennessee, and since March 2012, the voice behind The Plane Train, replacing the previous female voice introduced in 2006 by Susan Bennett in preparation for the opening of Concourse F and the Maynard H. Jackson International Terminal.

</doc>
<doc id="18370123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370123" title="XO-5">
XO-5

XO-5 is a yellow dwarf main sequence star located approximately light-years away from Earth in the Lynx constellation. It has a magnitude of about 12 and cannot be seen with the naked eye but is visible through a small telescope.
Planetary system.
The exoplanet XO-5b was discovered by the XO Telescope using the transit method in 2008. This planet is classified as a hot jupiter. A search for transit timing variations caused by additional planets was negative.

</doc>
<doc id="18370133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370133" title="University of Arkansas College of Engineering">
University of Arkansas College of Engineering

The College of Engineering is the University of Arkansas' college for engineering students. Although officially becoming a separate division in 1913, the University of Arkansas focused early on engineering. The Industrial Engineering graduate program ranked 26th in the nation, and the Engineering program as a whole finished 98th, and is one of the "best values" for Arkansas students nationally.
There are eight different undergraduate degree programs, with 31 graduate degree programs, currently offered.
In 2006, a solar boat built by University of Arkansas mechanical engineering students and electrical engineering students won the Collegiate World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18370137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370137" title="Tomás Aldazabal">
Tomás Aldazabal

Tomás Aldazabal (born May 30, 1976 in Santa Fe) is a volleyball player from Cuba, who plays as a wing-spiker. He was a member of the Men's National Team that claimed the silver at the 2003 Pan American Games.
References.
In this season(2009–2010) he plays in Portuguese team Sporting Clube de Espinho.

</doc>
<doc id="18370155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370155" title="172996 Stooke">
172996 Stooke

172996 Stooke is a small asteroid that orbits in the main belt of the asteroid belt. It was discovered in 2006 by Paul A. Wiegert at the Mauna Kea Observatory. The asteroid is named after the Canadian planetary cartographer Philip John Stooke, who studies the history of planetary exploration and mapping and has developed cartographic tools for mapping non-spherical worlds. His reference work, the "International Atlas of Lunar Exploration", was published in 2007, and the first volume of a second reference, The "International Atlas of Mars Exploration", was published in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18370159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370159" title="Madhubani (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Madhubani (Lok Sabha constituency)

Madhubani Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Madhubani Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following six Vidhan Sabha segments after reorganization in 1976:
Before 1976, Madhubani assembly segment formed part of eastern Lok Sabha constituency of the district of same name, but after 1976 the eastern eastern Lok Sabha constituency was renamed as Jhanjharpur because Madhubani assembly segment was taken out of it to be merged into former Jainagar Lok Sabha constituency. Jainagar Lok Sabha constituency included western assembly segments of Madhubani district besides Jale assembly segment from Darbhanga district. After inclusion of Madhubani assembly segment, Jainagar Lok Sabha constituency was renamed as Madhubani and Ladania CD block and adjoining areas were taken out of it to be merged into newly formed Jhanjharpur Lok Sabha constituency in order to compensate for the loss of Madhubani assembly segment. After this reorganization, communist vote bank in the district was bifurcated and CPI had to face greater difficulties in winning the eastern Lok Sabha constituency of this district which was won by CPI candidate Bhogendra Jha in 1967 and 1971.
Members of Parliament.
Before reorganization in 1976, the following members were elected to Madhubani seat which comprised eastern part of Madhubani district including the district headquarter:
After reorganization in 1976, the following members were elected to Madhubani seat, which comprised western part of Madhubani district formerly known as Jainagar Lok Sabha constituency (the eastern constituency of the district renamed as Jhanjharpur in 1976):

</doc>
<doc id="18370180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370180" title="Rayon de soleil">
Rayon de soleil

"Rayon de soleil" (English: "Ray of Sunshine") is the name of a 2008 song recorded by the African singer William Baldé. It was his debut single and was released in July 2008 from his album "En Corps étranger". It achieved success, becoming a number-one hit in France and Belgium.
Chart performances.
In France, the song was announced as the "uncontested summer hit of 2008". The single went straight to number 1 in France with 22,135 sales, and stayed there for other eight non-consecutive weeks. In its sixth week, 23,298 copies were sold, which is to date the second best weekly sales of the year for a number-one hit in France. It remained in the top 50 for 17 weeks and in the top 100 for 24 weeks. It was the second best-selling single of the year, behind "Tired of Being Sorry (Laisse le destin l'emporter)". 
It achieved a minor success in Switzerland, peaking at #24 in its fourth week. It also topped the chart in its eighth week in Belgium (Wallonia) and remained in the top 40 for 22 weeks.
As sign of popularity, the song and the music video were included on the famous double compilation "NRJ Music Awards 2009".

</doc>
<doc id="18370213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370213" title="Jhanjharpur (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Jhanjharpur (Lok Sabha constituency)

Jhanjharpur Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary)constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India.
Assembly segments.
From the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, Jhanjharpur Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following six Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18370214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370214" title="Hell Destroyer">
Hell Destroyer

Hell Destroyer is a concept album.
Tracklist.
"All music written by: Cage
"All lyrics written by: Sean Peck"
Title Length

</doc>
<doc id="18370223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370223" title="Mohamed Mahmoud Khalil Museum">
Mohamed Mahmoud Khalil Museum

The Mohamed Mahmoud Khalil Museum is a museum in Greater Cairo, in the Giza area, Egypt. It is located in a palace built in the early 20th century.
History.
The museum was opened on 23 July 1962, and dedicated to the memory of Mohammed Mahmoud Khalil Pasha and his wife Emiline Lock.
In 1971 it was sectioned by the government of Egypt; President Anwar El-Sadat used it for executive offices. The palace was returned to museum use in 1993.
Collection.
Among the great artists works endowed by Mohammed Mahmoud Khalil and his wife are those of Paul Gauguin, Claude Monet, Auguste Renoir, Auguste Rodin and Vincent van Gogh. The Museum houses a fine collection of Impressionist paintings, mainly collected before 1928, which alone rivals most European National Collections.
The museum has a poor reputation for looking after its assets. A van Gogh painting known both as "Poppy Flowers", also known as "Vase and Flowers" and "Vase with Viscariawas" cut from its frame and stolen from the museum in August 2010. Previously, it had been stolen from the museum's temporary location in 1978, and recovered two years later in Kuwait. Nine paintings of the 19th-century Egyptian ruler Ibrahim Pasha were stolen in 2009, and were found 10 days later dumped outside.

</doc>
<doc id="18370268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370268" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Belfort-Montbéliard">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Belfort-Montbéliard

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Belfort-Montbéliard (Lat:"Dioecesis Belfortiensis-Montis Beligardi"), is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in France. Erected in November 1979, the diocese was split off from the Archdiocese of Besançon and remains a suffragan of the parent diocese.
The diocese corresponds to the department of Belfort, in the region of Franche-Comté.
The current bishop is Claude Schockert, appointed in March 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18370269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370269" title="Yoandri Díaz">
Yoandri Díaz

Yoandri Díaz Carmenate (born January 4, 1985) is a volleyball player from Cuba, who plays in different positions. He was a member of the Men's National Team that claimed the bronze medal at the 2005 America's Cup in São Leopoldo.

</doc>
<doc id="18370281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370281" title="SP ContaPlus">
SP ContaPlus

ContaPlus is an accounting software solution for small businesses offered by Sage in Spain. It includes tax features and handling data for other legal requirements.
History.
First offered in the early 1980s by Grupo SP, it gained incredible popularity in 1990 by using news stands as point of sale and was offered at very low prices at a time where professional accounting was very expensive. ContaPlus also took advantage of the Spanish accounting reform of 1990. Nowadays, ContaPlus is the "accounting standard" in Spain with more than one million customers. Grupo SP was purchased by Sage in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18370292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370292" title="Pond Hockey (film)">
Pond Hockey (film)

Pond Hockey is a 2008 American documentary film, directed by Tommy Haines, and produced by Northland Films. The film is an examination of the changing culture of pond hockey.
Plot synopsis.
Director Tommy Haines and his Minnesota crew chronicle the changing culture of hockey through interviews with Wayne Gretzky, Neal Broten and Sidney Crosby to local rinkrats. Interwoven with the story of the first ever U.S. Pond Hockey Championships. The tournament was composed of 100 teams; the film follows two of these teams: The Federal League Allstars and Sofa King Lazy.
Notable cast.
Wayne Gretzky,
Neal Broten,
John Mayasich,
Sidney Crosby,
Marian Gaborik,
Lou Nanne,
John Buccigross,
Willard Ikola,
Phil Housley,
Jeff Sorem,
John "Bug" Blooston,
Patrick Kane,
Wendell Anderson,
Krissy Wendell,
Dave Miller,
Mark Kovacich,
Rick DiPietro,
Charles McGrath,
Jack Falla,
Jordan Leopold,
Matt Henderson,
Dan Hendrickson,
P. J. Axelsson.
Jonathan Toews
Producers.
Director/Producer - Tommy Haines,
Producer - JT Haines,
Producer - Andrew Sherburne,
Producer - Nick Deutsch,
Executive Producer - Northland Films,
Executive Producer - Philip Falcone
Festivals/awards.
"Best of Fest" selection at the 2008 Minneapolis/St. Paul International Film Festival
Official Selection of the 2008 Rhode Island International Film Festival
Official Selection of the 2008 Free Range Film Festival
Winner of the "Audience Award" at the 2008 Landlocked International Film Festival
Official Selection of the 2010 Canadian Sports Film Festival 
Philip Falcone.
The executive producer, Philip Falcone, was a college hockey stand out and graduate from Harvard University, and is currently a General Partner of the Minnesota Wild.
Filming locations.
Connecticut, Illinois, Minnesota, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Nova Scotia

</doc>
<doc id="18370295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370295" title="Frank Arthur Nankivell">
Frank Arthur Nankivell

Frank Arthur Nankivell (1869–1959) was an Australian artist and political cartoonist.
Nankivell was born to John and Annie Nankivell in Maldon, northwest of Castlemaine, Victoria in April, 1869. He was a book illustrator in New York circles of the 1910s and 1920s on such publications as "Puck", which was America's first successful humor magazine. 
Nankivell studied art at Wesley College, Melbourne. He later travelled to Japan and earned a living as a cartoonist in Tokyo where he made the acquaintance of Rakuten Kitazawa, who later became father of the Japanese comic art now known as manga. Nankivell left Japan in 1894 to study art in San Francisco. He left for New York in 1896 where he worked on magazines as a popular and influential cartoonist devoting his work mainly to social subjects and to state and federal political issues. Nankivell remained in New York until 1913.
Nankivell later became a member of the New York Circumnavigators Club, which was open only to those who had circumnavigated the globe longitudinally, by land and/or sea. Other members included Ernest Hemingway and Harry Houdini.
Several examples of his work are held in the collections of The Smithsonian in Washington DC. He was a large influence on the Japanese manga artist Rakuten Kitazawa.

</doc>
<doc id="18370303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370303" title="Darbhanga (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Darbhanga (Lok Sabha constituency)

Darbhanga Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India. 
Assembly segments.
From 2009 Lok Sabha elections, Darbhanga Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following six Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18370322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370322" title="Liam Nimmo">
Liam Nimmo

Liam Nimmo (born 28 December 1984) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Holbeach United. He played in the Football League for Grimsby Town during the 2003–2004 season.
Career.
Nimmo was born in Boston, Lincolnshire. He began his football career at Grimsby Town and earned himself a professional contract in October 2003. He was added to a squad which was rich with attacking force and boasted such players as Iffy Onuora, Michael Boulding, Phil Jevons and Isaiah Rankin.
On 12 September 2003, Nimmo made his Grimsby debut, as a 61st-minute substitute for Jonathan Rowan in an 8–1 defeat at Hartlepool United in League One. Nimmo played in Grimsby's next game, again as substitute, but that was his last first-team appearance before he was released at the end of the season.
In August 2004 he signed for Spalding United, finishing the season as their leading scorer, before joining Wisbech Town in June 2005. After two prolific seasons at Wisbech, he joined Holbeach United. After a few months at Holbeach where his goalscoring continued, Nimmo chose to move to Conference North club Gainsborough Trinity, three levels above Holbeach in the league structure. After turning down a move to Boston United, Nimmo returned to Holbeach in July 2008, feeling that a back injury prevented him doing himself justice at the higher level. He walked out of the club shortly after the start of the 2008–09 season and joined Bourne Town, but returned to Holbeach once more after only one game for Bourne.
Nimmo moved on to Bourne Town, before moving back to Holbeach in 2009. He moved to Boston Town in 2010, and in July 2011 he signed for Wisbech Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18370346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370346" title="Easy Gardener Products, Inc.">
Easy Gardener Products, Inc.

Easy Gardener Products, Inc. is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Waco, Texas that manufactures and sells gardening products. European operations are managed in London.
History.
Easy Gardener was founded in 1983 by Dick Grandy and Joe Owens. WeedBlock was the company's first product. Since then the company has grown through acquisitions and the introduction of new products.
In 1996, Easy Gardener acquired Weatherly Consumer Products, the parent company of the Jobe's and Ross brands. Easy Gardener acquired Phoenix Recycled Products in 2007 and began producing and selling tree rings, garden edging, mulch, stepping stones and other products made from recycled tires and other post-industrial rubber materials.
Easy Gardener recently introduced sustainable and organic products to the lawn and garden market. These include Jobe's Organics fertilizer spikes and additions to the WeedBlock landscape fabric line using recycled, corn-based and biodegradable materials.
Activities.
Easy Gardener Products, Inc. manufactures branded gardening products, specialty fertilizers and recycled rubber products for consumer markets. The company also sells products for commercial landscapers. Easy Gardener manufactures and distributes over 400 products through lawn and garden retailers in the United States, Canada and Europe. Easy Gardener's brands include WeedBlock and Landmaster weed control fabrics, Jobe’s fertilizer spikes and tree care products and ROSS root feeder and fertilizers. The company also produces Sun Screen Fabrics and accessories, netting, plastic fencing and functional landscape edging products including Emerald Edge, Fiber Edge, Hydro-Edge and Ultra-Edge.
Easy Gardener's fertilizer production facility is in Paris, Kentucky and the recycled rubber products plant is in Batesburg, South Carolina. The company employs over 250 people in North America and Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18370353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370353" title="Ken Cloude">
Ken Cloude

Kenneth Brian Cloude (born January 9, 1975 in Baltimore, Maryland) is a former Major League Baseball player. He was a pitcher for the Seattle Mariners from -. His baseball later career ended when he threw out his pitching arm.
Personal life.
Ken Cloude was born in Baltimore, Maryland on January 9, 1975. He was drafted by the Seattle Mariners.

</doc>
<doc id="18370354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370354" title="Aus, Namibia">
Aus, Namibia

Aus is a village in ǁKaras Region in southern Namibia. It lies on a railway line and the B4 national road, 230 km west of Keetmanshoop and about 125 km east of Lüderitz. Trains from Keetmanshoop now terminate at the village but formerly continued on to Lüderitz. The village is small but has a number of amenities including a hotel, police station, shop and garage. It is located in the Aus Mountains above the plains of the Namib Desert. The climate is usually hot and arid but snow has been recorded in winter in 1963.
The village was formerly the site of a prisoner-of-war camp established by the South African army in 1915 to house German inmates captured during the First World War. The inmates initially lived in tents but later built brick houses. The number of prisoners reached 1500 but by May 1919 the last inmates left and the camp closed. A plaque marks the site today and some of the houses have been reconstructed.
The area west of Aus is noted for its herd of feral horses living in the desert. Their origin is uncertain but today there is a population of between 150 and 200 individuals which have adapted to the harsh environment. They urinate less than domestic horses and can go five days without water. They drink at an artificial water hole at Garub Pan where a blind has been erected to enable tourists to watch the animals without disturbing them.

</doc>
<doc id="18370360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370360" title="Vaughn Blaney">
Vaughn Blaney

Vaughn Blaney is a former educator and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He represented Queens South and then Oromocto-Gagetown in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1987 to 1999 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Saint John, New Brunswick and was educated at the University of Moncton and University of New Brunswick. Blaney was a teacher and principal. He also served as mayor of Gagetown. Blaney was Minister of Municipal Affairs and Environment from 1987 to 1989, Minister of Environment from 1989 to 1991 and from 1995 to 1997, Minister of Advanced Education and Labour from 1991 to 1994, and Minister of Education and Minister of State for Youth from 1994 to 1995. 
In August 2005, Blaney was named to head an inquiry into the use of Agent Orange at CFB Gagetown; in October of that year, Blaney resigned, citing health reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="18370368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370368" title="WDRK (defunct)">
WDRK (defunct)

WDRK (106.5 FM) was a small FM radio station which served Greenville, Ohio, and the surrounding Miami Valley. WDRK epitomized the role of local media. It super served the community. Colorful and local personalities such as John Hieby, Clancy Plessinger, Jim Short, Bill Booker, John and Jeffrey Kennedy, Frank and Greg Tantum provided local news, farm reports, coverage of high school sports and academics. A highlight each year was broadcasting live from the Great Darke County Fair. The rock group The McCoys made one of their first appearances on Frank Tantum's weekend show. It had a life of nearly two decades before the broadcast license was challenged and finally denied by the Federal Communications Commission. The station was launched by veteran broadcaster John Kennedy with the financing of a Dayton, Ohio, attorney, Lew Froikin. Kennedy's son Jeffrey's career includes broadcasting in the United States (KSCI, Los Angeles, 1974) and Europe (Rome, Radio Roma Uno, 1984). WDRK also helped launch a number of successful broadcast careers. Greg Tantum who after anchoring news for WING, WSAI, WIFE went on to program news and talk for such stations as KFWB in Los Angeles, KGO in San Francisco, WCAU in Philadelphia and helped create and launch Washington Post Radio in Washington D.C. After WDRK Jim Wood (Bob Marquitz)programmed radio stations in Indianapolis, Los Angeles and San Francisco and then went on to become a top executive at Malrite Broadcasting. Jim is now the CEO of a chain of radio stations in the south. Dave Steel had a successful radio and television career in Dayton, Dallas, Los Angeles and San Diego. 
Personnel.
A unique aspect of the small 20 KW station was the quality of broadcast talent that began careers there. Program Director Ron Rumley and General Manager Lee Rutherford were former newsmen at WIFE-AM, Indianapolis during the height of its 1970s success. The pair brought a major market quality to the sound of the small station, attracting talent from larger nearby markets such as Dayton, Ohio. Rumley and Rutherford were quite skilled at discovering and developing talent locally. Broadcasters such as Lee Riley (Dayton, Ohio country music radio personality), Dave Thomas (Denver, Colorado newscaster), Chris Graves (Columbus, Ohio broadcast executive), Doug Ritter (Doug Ritterling - San Francisco, California radio and TV broadcaster), Darrel Schick (30-year newscaster, Dayton, Ohio) Mark Bixler (Peoria, Illinois newscaster), Neil Schwanitz (Detroit, Michigan engineer) started their careers at WDRK.
History.
The broadcast studios were located on the outskirts of Greenville, at 1625 Dayton Road. During the 1960s, the programming was decidedly small market fare, but after being purchased by Lewell Broadcasting in the early 1970s, Rumley chose Drake-Chenault's "Hit Parade" MOR automated format to significantly upgrade the sound. The equipment was bargain-basement, yet sounded much better than its humble price tag. The studios on South Dayton Rd. originally had a storefront look with a sign posted on the front of the building inscribed as "WDRK... 106.5 MC ..The Brightest Spark In Darke." After the studio building was renovated to an unusual window-less black house look, the sign was removed with a new logo...a huge pointy upper case "W" with a beaming spark above it with the remaining call letters "drk" in lower case resembling the logo of the former WIFE (AM) where Rumley and Rutherford were formerly employed. A black-and-white photo of the pre-renovated studios was on display in the waiting room to remind people of WDRK's humble beginnings.
The former WMER (now WKKI) in Celina was briefly owned by the business partners as a sister station in the late 60s and early 1970s.
Rumley and Rutherford's relationship faded during the late 1970s, about the time the FCC cited the station for a multitude of operating violations. The pair would mend their friendship during the early 1980s, but not in time to save the station's license. WDRK went off the air for the last time in 1989 after pleading with the FCC in 1983 to remain on the air indefinitely until a construction permit was granted for its successor WLSN. The 106.5 frequency remained silent until 1990 with the emergence of WLSN, (later, WBKI and WDJO) currently WDSJ. The Dayton Road studios (now with the tower razed since 1989) currently houses a local insurance agency.
106.5 FM is now occupied by WDSJ at first with a smooth jazz format, then to a short-lived Country music format and currently a 60s and 70s classic hits format as "Big 106.5.". Although still licensed to Greenville with the transmitter location moved to the north near the rural communities of Pikeville and Stelvideo, WDSJ, currently owned by Clear Channel Communications, is now for all intents and purposes a Dayton station. 
WTGR 97.5 FM licensed to and transmitting from Union City on the Ohio-Indiana state line remains locally originating with a studio in Greenville and a country music format.
The WDRK callsign is now used by an FM station licensed in Cornell, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="18370374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370374" title="Monsters books (Doctor Who)">
Monsters books (Doctor Who)

The Doctor Who Monsters Books are a series of guide books related to the long-running BBC science fiction television programme "Doctor Who". The books are published by BBC Books.
The main books.
The first three books, released from 2005 to 2007, dealt with the monstrous foes faced by the Doctor in the television series. The fourth book, released in 2008, focused on spaceships rather than monsters, similar to the fifth book, "Companions and Allies" by Steve Tribe, which dealt with The Doctor's companions. "The Ultimate Monster Guide" is the sixth, and contains completely revised and updated entries from the first three books.

</doc>
<doc id="18370377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370377" title="Jim Converse">
Jim Converse

James Daniel Converse (born August 17, 1971 in San Francisco, California) is a retired Major League Baseball player who played pitcher in the major leagues from - for the Seattle Mariners and Kansas City Royals.

</doc>
<doc id="18370384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370384" title="Dubara Palace">
Dubara Palace

The Dubara Palace is located in Kasr EL-Ainy street in the Garden City district in downtown Cairo, Egypt. It is used for an evangelical church school. Now known as Kaser EL-Dobara Experimental Language School.
History.
The Dubara Palace played a major role in modern Egyptian history. It witnessed many conflicts and negotiations between 19th and 20th century royal Egyptian leaders and politicians, Egyptian nationalists, and British "imperialist occupation" administrators.
Modeled after Central European hotels particulier in the same genre, Villa Casdagli, now a decaying relic of the past, was built during the first decade of the 20th century by Austrian architect Edward Matasek (1867-1912) reportedly for account of Emanuel Casdagli, a British educated Levantine family of Georgian-Central Caucasia origins as the name would suggest, dealing in the lucrative Manchester trade. the house was originally built for banker Felix Suares and, following his death in April 1906, his heirs sold it circa 1909 to the Casdaglis
Although Kasr al-Dubara is today mainly an hotel, office and banking district, it was once Cairo's top drawer residential quarter and home to several members of the Egyptian royal family who built their palaces there, hence the names Kasr al-Nil, Kasr al-Aali, Kasr al-Dubara, etc. (Kasr meaning palace).
No 1 Midan Kasr el Doubara in the early 1900s, probably about 1911. This villa had been the British Agency and was occupied by Lord Cromer and then Sir Eldon Gorst.
During the first half of this century, Kasr al-Dubara was also the embassy district. When the Casdaglis (Emanuel, later his sons: Alexis and Theodore) were not 'at home' they leased their villa to senior diplomats or diplomatic agencies. In fact, one of Villa Casdagli's pre WW-II tenants was the American Embassy.
It was not uncommon in those days for America to lease premises rather than outright buy them. But in March 1947 things changed, when, acting on instructions of the American State Department, US Ambassador Somerville Pinkney Tuck purchased part of the present day embassy compound. This was to become the first ever Egyptian real estate property owned by the American government.
Situated at No. 5 Kasr al-Walda Pasha Street (later Amrika al-Latinia St.), Pinkey Tuck's new quarters were a stone's throw from Villa Casdagli. Like the latter villa, it too belonged to a wealthy merchant-businessman, this time a Syrian called Alexander Chedid Bey.
Over the years and as American interests in Egypt expanded, the State Department purchased the contiguous properties including Villa Rolo which had also been built by Matasek. Turned into the American Library it was partly burnt down during the 1958 riots. Villas Chedid and Rolo were eventually pulled down, along with the apartment building which had replaced Villa Ades, to accommodate the impregnable American fortress which now occupies the entire hexagon.
Behind Villa Casdagli stood, until recently, Villa (Polychroni) Cozzica which belonged to a wealthy Greek family by the same name. For a long time the Cozzicas held the monopoly of distilled alcohol in Egypt.
During the years leading up to WW2 and much to the chagrin of the wary British diplomats holed up in their large quarters two blocks away, the Cozzicas leased their Cairo residence to the German legation. The last high ranking German visitor to call on Villa Cozzica was Reichsminister of Propaganda Dr. Joseph Goebbels in whose honor a dinner was held at the German Legation on the night of 6 April 1939.
Villa Casdagli's artchitect.
In his younger days, Villa Casdagli's architect worked and apprenticed for a number of famous Austrian architects including Joseph von Wieser, Arnold Lotz, Ferdinand Fellner and Herman Helmer. It was most probably at the recommendation of Max Herz Bey, the Khedivial court's rising architect, that Matasek took part in the design of the Egyptian display for the 1892 (3?) Chicago World Fair. This was to be in the shape of a Cairo streetscape.
From Chicago, Matasek traveled to Egypt where he joined the cabinet of Pattigelli Freres and later that of Maurice Cattaui Bey. Henceforth, Matasek occasionally crossed paths with his Austro-Hungarian compatriot and mentor, Herz Bey. By now Herz was firmly entrenched in the architectural annals of Egypt having built, restored and written about, several of Cairo's most distinguished monuments including the Islamic Museum and the Credit Foncier Bank on Abdelkhalek Sarwat Street. Both Herz Bey and his former protégé were members of the Comité; de Conservation des Monuments de l'Art Arabe.
Once in Egypt, Matasek designed several of the city's commercial and residential landmarks. Amongst his more famous works is the (listed) Jewish Synagogue, No. 17 Adly Pasha Street in downtown Cairo. Another is the Austro-Hungarian Rudolf Hospital in the now popular district of Shubra. There is also the German School of which parts were pulled down by al-Ahram, the state-owned newspaper and publishing giant.
Matasek also took part in the design of Credit Foncier's Cairo headquarters, today the Arab International Bank.
Some of Matasek's minor works can be found in the Cairo suburb of Maadi. These include Villa Austria and Matasek's own house which he never occupied in view of his unexpected death during its construction. His fasswerk style villa was pulled down in 1995, weeks after the American Embassy (its last owner) sold it to a developer.
Perhaps friends of Cairo's landmarks within the business community would like to participate in the “Adopt A Monument Program” starting with Villa Casdagli. Suffice to reinstate the villa’s inimitable Byzantine hall so that the restorer will be guaranteed a place in heaven right next to Saint George who is so well depicted in both the Villa’s celestial ceiling and the hall’s extraordinary cloister. The positive fallout from such an effort would be enormous striking a rich chord in this highly visible section of Cairo where it counts most. It would also be perceived as part of the city's effort to repair the moral and physical damage caused by decades of neglectful municipal administration and the onslaught of developers.
In the case of Villa Casdagli an appropriate and highly visible plaque could be appended on its exterior evidencing this was once the American Embassy. Another plaque would indicate that the restoration of this hotel particulier to its formal splendor was made possible by the generous donations of e.g. Philanthropists & Co. In turn, the government, which suffers from a very serious image problem when it comes to saving our architectural cultural heritage, will have its chance to turn over a new leaf and show that it really means business.
Midan Kasr al-Dubara (now Simón Bolívar) could become one of Cairo's most creditable landmarks bringing together the great liberator of South America, a restored Central European hotel particulier, the Mosque of Omar Makram where Egypt's rich and famous are chronically mourned, several infitah banks, the Semiramis Intercontinental Hotel and the dreaded Mogamaa building, a potent symbol of Egypt's titanic bureaucracy. A remarkable juxtapose if there was ever one!

</doc>
<doc id="18370398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370398" title="Mark Acre">
Mark Acre

Mark Robert Acre (September 16, 1968) is a retired professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of four seasons for the Oakland Athletics from -. He also played one season in Japan for the Yakult Swallows in .

</doc>
<doc id="18370399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370399" title="Texas Conference for Women">
Texas Conference for Women

The Texas Conference for Women is a nonprofit, nonpartisan leadership conference for women of all ages and backgrounds. The first annual conference was held in 2000 in Austin, Texas. Governor Rick Perry and First Lady Anita Perry are the official hosts of the event, which has featured keynote speakers including Dr. Maya Angelou, poet, author, educator and historian; Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, writer and family health advocate; Carly Fiorina, former CEO of HP; Maria Hinojosa, Emmy-nominated journalist and author; and Melinda French Gates, co-founder of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Traditionally, the conference has attracted a sold-out crowd of more than 7,500 women. 
The one-day event consists of keynote addresses and breakout sessions led by experts in the fields of business, philanthropy, health, finance, media and professional development. Attendees learn new communication skills, leadership strategies and work/life balance tools designed to enhance their professional and personal growth. 
Past speakers.
Yolanda Adams; Isabel Allende; Maya Angelou; Jennifer Arnold; Martha Beck; Jennifer Berman; Laura Berman; Bertice Berry; Cherie Blair; Lindy Boggs;Barbara Bradley Baekgaard; Nancy Brinker; Douglas Brinkley; Neissa Brown Springmann; Marcus Buckingham; Jeri Callaway; Katherine Center; Johnnetta Cole; Jody Conradt; Kathleen Daelemans; Sarah Ferguson; Carly Fiorina; Vonetta Flowers; Nely Galán; Melinda Gates; Nancy Giles; Glenda Hatchett; Christy Haubegger; Jessica Herrin; Maria Hinojosa; Karen Hughes; Mae Jemison; Tory Johnson; Marion Jones; Sarah Jones; Doris Kearns Goowin; Geraldine Laybourne; Nastia Liukin; Marcus Luttrell; Robert Malone; Rose Mapendo; Sara Martinez Tucker; Cindy McCain; Pat Mitchell; Jeff Moseley; Lisa Niemi Swayze; Suze Orman; Turk Pipkin; Rend Rahim Francke; Condoleezza Rice; Ann Richards; Cokie Roberts; Rebecca Roberts; Leslie Sanchez; Ruth Simmons; Melinda Spaulding; Martha Stewart; Helen Thomas; Leigh Ann Tuohy; Elizabeth Vargas; Lori Vetters; Andrea White; Meg Whitman; Mary Wilson

</doc>
<doc id="18370420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370420" title="Darker Than Black (album)">
Darker Than Black (album)

Heavy metal band Cage's third album. The first Cage album that received very good response by fans and press, and by many considered as their best album to date.

</doc>
<doc id="18370427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370427" title="Cundinamarca flags">
Cundinamarca flags

This is a gallery of flags of municipalities in Cundinamarca in Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="18370441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370441" title="Aravete">
Aravete

Aravete is a small borough () in Ambla Parish, Järva County, central Estonia. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 769.

</doc>
<doc id="18370463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370463" title="Justyn Warner">
Justyn Warner

Justyn Warner, (born June 28, 1987 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian track athlete specializing in the 100 metres. He is the former Canadian Junior record holder at that distance with a time of 10.26. He anchored the Canadian 4x100m relay team to a third place finish at the 2012 Summer Olympics, but they were later disqualified for a teammate stepping out his lane. In 2013 he anchored Canada to a bronze in the same event at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics.
He is coached by Kevin Tyler.
Career.
Warner is a graduate of Middlefield Collegiate Institute in Markham, Ontario. He was a double-sport athlete playing football and running track, where he was an outstanding sprint athlete. In 2005, his senior year he won four provincial O.F.S.A.A titles on the track: 100m, 200m, 4x100m, and 4x400m.
On July 30, 2005, he finished second in the 100 m at the 2005 Pan Am Junior Games, held in Windsor, Ontario, in a time of 10.26, a new Canadian Junior record.
A year later on August 16, 2006, he claimed the silver medal in the 100 m at the 2006 World Junior Championships in Athletics, held in Beijing, China, in a time of 10.39.
Warner received a full scholarship to Texas Christian University where he competed in the NCAA as a Horned Frog under Darryl Anderson. He was a three time All-American. He graduated TCU in 2009 with a Bachelors degree in Kinesiology.
In 2012, Warner qualified in the 100m for the 2012 Summer Olympics by winning his first Canadian championship in 10.15s. That also qualified him to be a member of the 4x100m relay team. At the Olympic Games, Warner finished 13th overall running a personal best of 10.09s twice in both the heat and the semi-final. Next up was the 4x100m relay with Gavin Smellie, Oluseyi Smith, Jared Connaughton & Warner anchoring. In the final, the Canadian relay team arrived in third place and initially believed they had won bronze but they were disqualified when officials judged that Connaughton had stepped on the lane line just before passing the baton. The relay team from Trinidad and Tobago were awarded the bronze.
In August 2013 Warner anchored his Canadian teammates Gavin Smellie, Aaron Brown and Dontae Richards-Kwok to a bronze in the same men's sprint relay event at the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in Moscow, after Great Britain was disqualified for a baton exchange infraction.
Personal life.
Warner married his long time good friend and world-ranked hurdler Nikkita Holder in October 2012.
Warner trains in Norman, Oklahoma. His hometown is Markham, Ontario, Canada.
Warner has a younger brother Ian who graduated from Iowa State University. His younger brother finished right behind him at the 2012 Canadian Olympic Trials with a time of 10.20.

</doc>
<doc id="18370466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370466" title="Isle of Wight Randonnée">
Isle of Wight Randonnée

The Isle of Wight Randonnée is a yearly cycling event that takes place on the Sunday of the early May bank holiday weekend. The event is organised by the local Wayfarers Cycle Touring Club and consists of two rides - a 100 km round the Island Route, and a 55 km Ride that covers the East side of the Isle of Wight. The Randonnée is the largest event of its kind on the South Coast of England, attracting around 1500 cyclists each year.
Wayfarers Cycle Touring Club.
The Wayfarers was founded in 1983 by several like minded individuals who enjoyed the gentle pursuit of cycletouring. The mainstay of the club is the Sunday morning club run - details of which can be found Wayfarers website. During the course of the year there are numerous kinds of ride such as 'easy riders' (slower paced rides), 'stove rides', mainland rides, Summer Solstice ride, camping and 'off road rides'. At other times club members can be found taking week long tours of the Lake District or exploring the by-ways of France.
Event history.
The Isle of Wight Randonnée was established by the Wayfarers in 1985 and like the yearly Cycle the Wight event follows a route around the whole of the Isle of Wight, taking minor roads and lanes where possible enabling the rider to see and enjoy the best of the Island's scenery.

</doc>
<doc id="18370480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370480" title="Phil Norton">
Phil Norton

Phillip Douglas Norton (born February 1, 1976 in Texarkana, Texas) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played in the major leagues from - for the Chicago Cubs and the Cincinnati Reds. He played in the independent Atlantic League from to .
On August 8, 2000, in just his second start at the Major League level Norton surrendered a record four home runs in one inning against the Los Angeles Dodgers.

</doc>
<doc id="18370493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370493" title="Oris Erhuero">
Oris Erhuero

Oris Erhuero (born 23 September 1968) is a British actor, producer, writer, and former fashion model. He is highly acclaimed for being the most photographed and publicized, international fashion runway and print model of his time era. After modeling for several years, he transitioned into television and film, with roles in "The Adventures of Sinbad, The Bill, , Black Mask 2, Sometimes in April," and "Chicago Pulaski Jones." Erhuero has recently begun to explore film production and screen writing.
Early life.
Oris Erhuero was born in Finsbury Park, London. He is the oldest of seven children. His parents are Nigerian and from the Urhobo tribe. As a child, Erhuero often accompanied his mother on numerous occasions to her custodial jobs. The Royal National Theatre of London was one of his mother's cleaning assignments. Erhuero's first exposure to the performing arts occurred here. He immediately became delighted and fascinated with the actors and how they brought joy into people's lives by entertaining them. This early exposure would eventually lead Erhuero to his achieve his future career pursuit into acting. When Erhuero was five, he and his brother accompanied his father to Nigeria. He spent much of his youth between Lagos and Bendel State (now Delta and Edo State). Erhuero returned to London when he was fourteen and attended the Beaufoy School in Kennington Park (later renamed Lilian Baylis Technology School), where he not only successfully excelled academically, but also truly discovered his passion for performing arts. Erhuero furthered his skills by obtaining classical Shakespearean training at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA), the Los Angeles McCadden Place Theatre, and the Young Vic Drama House. He is fluent in Urhobo, Arabic, Yoruba, Igbo. He also has the capabilities to speak some French and Italian.
Career.
Early career.
Erhuero left London for New York with inspiring dreams of pursuing a rap and breakdance career in the music industry. When his rap and breakdance career didn't flourish, Erhureo pursued another profession within the music industry. He began working as a personal assistant to affluential rap recording artists.
In 1993, Erhuero left New York to relocate in Miami, where he met a photographer who literally convinced him to become a model. Because of Erhuero's tall, sleek, and sculpted physique, it allowed him to accelerate overnight into an international modeling career in countries such as France, Germany, Italy, South Africa, United Kingdom, and the United States. He rapidly acquired campaigns for the highest esteemed clients in the world fashion industry including Christian Dior, Armani, the late Gianfranco Ferré, Gianni Versace, Gaultier, Moschino, Diesel, Vivienne Westwood, Romeo Gigli, and Exte.
Modeling subsequently led Erhuero into nationally accredited, worldwide commercials such as Coca-Cola, Gatorade, and Hanes. His commercials received global recognition and were aired on both television and cinemas.
1996-2007.
Erhuero decided to return to his passionate roots of acting after several years of fashion modeling and television commercials. His natural athletic abilities, visual storytelling, charm, and intelligence instanteously landed him roles. He obtained a series regular role of Rongar in the television series "The Adventures of Sinbad" which began his career breakthrough. He played the role of Winston in ' and Wolf in '. Erhuero was nominated for a Black Reel Award for for his role as Honoré in the Golden Globe and NAACP nominated HBO movie, "Sometimes in April" which was based on the 1994 Rwandan genocide. Erhuero has also worked on the television shows "E-Ring" and "The District".
2008-present.
2009 has been the year of resurrection for Erhuero's existing film company, that he created over five years ago. He has transitioned it from a centralized location into a global vision. He has brought on board a multi-talented business associate, Cynthia Lee. Both are visionaries who believe firmly in harmonization, productivity, social welfare and injustices, environmental impacts, and equality. Their combined vision lead them to form a unique film production company, Myoho Films, LLC which is headquartered in the USA and Myoho Films, LTD a satellite office located in London, UK. Projects are underdevelopment and review. Production is planned to begin during first quarter of 2010.
In 2008, Erhuero left Los Angeles and returned to London for additional acting roles to demonstrate his versatility, in order to achieve international stardom.
Erhuero recently made his first British television debut on the hit prime time television crime drama series of "The Bill". After working in the United States for two decades, he was able to quickly transition into his British accent to play the role of Linton Barry.
Erhuero once again has reunited with the award-winning Haitian filmmaker, Raoul Peck, to star in his latest dramatic political feature filmed in Haiti, Moloch Tropical. Moloch Tropical was the most highly anticipated movie by film critics and debuted at the TIFF.
In conjunction with Raoul Peck, Erhuero will be debuting a cameo role in Cedric the Entertainer's latest film Chicago Pulaski Jones. Filming has already begun and in post-production state.
Throughout his carer he has worked with renowned Academy Award winning Actors and Film Directors such as Dennis Hopper, Benjamin Bratt, Christopher Lambert, Donnie Yen, Guy Ritchie, Yuen Woo-Ping, Cedric the Entertainer, Rob Van Dam, Affion Crockett, Idris Elba, and Tommy Davidson.
Personal life.
Erhuero has a daughter and was named Father of the Year in 2004 by the National Fatherhood Initiative at the Golden Dads Awards. In 2007, Jamati Online named Erhuero one of the top 10 sexiest African men.
Erhuero strives for world peace in his daily practice and is often involved in numerous local and global charity organizations. As a celebrity ambassador and advocate for civil and human rights, Erhuero endorses the Civil Rights Party of Canada who are committed to the advancement of a socioeconomic platform that guarantees sustainable socioeconomic gratifications for all Canadian Citizens regardless of country of origin, country of birth, gender, age, social status, or corporate status.
Erhuero believes in living and promoting a spiritually, healthy and well-balanced lifestyle. He religiously incorporates various forms of martial arts into his daily life along with meditation.
Filmography.
! Year || Movie || Role
</TABLE>
Videography.
! Year || Title || Role
</TABLE>

</doc>
<doc id="18370501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370501" title="Battle of Hightower">
Battle of Hightower

The Battle of Hightower (also called Battle of Etowah) in 1793 was part of the Chickamauga wars, in which the Cherokee sought to defend their territory from illegal immigration by white settlers. This particular battle took place at the Cherokee village of Etowah Town ("Itawayi"), overlooking Downtown Rome, GA in the modern Floyd County, Georgia, resulting in the defeat of the Cherokee by a force led by John Sevier, future Governor of Tennessee.
Prelude.
In the 1785 Treaty of Hopewell, the Cherokee agreed to come under the sovereignty of the new United States and the treaty specified boundaries of a huge area of Tennessee, Eastern North Carolina and South Carolina, and Northern Georgia to be reserved as Cherokee hunting grounds. Article 5 stated that any non-Indians settling in this area would lose the protection of the United States and that the Cherokee could punish them any way they pleased. 
New settlers continued to move into the Cherokee area, however, and attacks by the Cherokee to drive them out and counter-attacks by the settlers became widespread and vicious. Technically, the United States violated the 1785 Treaty of Hopewell by failing to enforce Article 7, which required the United States to enforce justice on U.S. citizens who murdered Cherokee, and the Cherokee violated the treaty by failing to adhere to Article 9 by trading directly with Spain. Arguments could be made that both sides violated Article 8 regarding retaliation.
Trigging Event.
With the approval of President George Washington, an attempt was made to negotiate a new treaty in the Southwest Territory (now the State of Tennessee), but the meeting place was raided by a party headed by John Sevier. Sevier ordered Captain John Beard to attack, and many Cherokee were killed. Washington ordered the arrest and trial of Beard, but Sevier helped him escape and avoid trial.
In retaliation, arguably justified under the "manifest violation" clause of Article 8, John Watts led a war party of over 1,000 Chickamauga Cherokee and Muscogee Creek in a series of attacks against unauthorized settlements on Cherokee land in preparation to attack Knoxville, Tennessee. Near Knoxville Road on the French Broad River, the Cherokee attacked the Cavett's Station settlement with several killed on both sides. The surviving settlers surrendered when Watts offered clemency, but a faction of Cherokee under Doublehead opposed the clemency and starting killing the prisoners, including children. James Vann was on Watts' side trying to protect the prisoners from Doublehead's men.
Battle of Hightower.
Word of the massacre spread quickly and John Sevier raised a force to combat the Cherokee. The Cherokee force split up with some heading toward Kentucky and some toward North Carolina, but most headed toward Georgia. Sevier's men caught the Cherokee at the village of what he called Hightower (Etowah, or "Itawayi"), which is near the present-day site of Rome, Georgia. The Cherokee created a defensive position on Myrtle Hill and used a guard to try to prevent Sevier from fording the rivers.
Sevier left a written account of the battle, in which he described an attempt to cross the Etowah River about a mile south of Myrtle Hill, drawing the Cherokee defenders out of their prepared positions, then galloping back to Myrtle Hill to cross there. The Cherokee rushed back to contest the crossing of the Etowah, but failed. When Kingfisher was killed, the remaining warriors fled, and Sevier burned the village.
Aftermath.
Now unopposed, Sevier's force moved west down the Coosa River destroying Cherokee and Creek villages before returning to the Knoxville area. The "Battle of Hightower" was Sevier's last of many battles against Native Americans and came to be known as his Etowah campaign. It was the last pitched battle between the Lower Cherokee under John Watts and American forces until the Nickajack Expedition in September 1794.
Myrtle Hill is now a cemetery, and there is a stone on the hill memorializing this battle.

</doc>
<doc id="18370505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370505" title="Rich Batchelor">
Rich Batchelor

Richard Anthony Batchelor (born April 8, 1967), is a retired professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from -. Drafted by the New York Yankees, he was traded to the St. Louis Cardinals for Lee Smith in 1993. He played in MLB for the Cardinals and San Diego Padres. He also pitched for the Yakult Swallows in .

</doc>
<doc id="18370515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370515" title="Innovative Communications Alliance">
Innovative Communications Alliance

The Innovative Communications Alliance (ICA) is a telecommunications alliance between Microsoft and Nortel, created in July 2006, to co-develop, integrate, market, sell, and support unified communications products. The goal of the alliance is to make integrated hardware and software solutions that join together voice, video, and data communications without requiring gateways or middleware. Microsoft and Nortel share developing technologies and patents for unified communications products.
Formation of alliance.
Nortel and Microsoft announced the Innovative Communications Alliance in July 2006. Nortel and Microsoft agreed to share patents, technology, marketing, and development for unified communications products. The companies have integrated Microsoft Office 2007 applications with the Nortel telecommunication hardware (Communication Server 2100, Communication Server 1000, Secure Router 4134, and LG-Nortel IP Phone 8540), in order to provide unified enterprise communications products such as secure instant messaging, presence, voice and video telephony, and web conferencing. 
The alliance competes with other competitors in instant messaging such as Google Talk, Office SIP Messenger, Miranda, and AIM. Many of these other products offer instant messaging, Voice over IP (VOIP), and file transfers at little or no cost.
Joint solutions.
Various Nortel products have been integrated with Microsoft Office Communications Server 2007, including:
The Carrier Hosted Unified Communications Solution is an integration of the Nortel Communication Server 2000 softswitch with Microsoft Office Communications Server 2000 and Exchange Server 2007 Unified Messaging, to provide instant messaging, voice services, video conferencing, and other multimedia services.
As of January, 2007, British and Dutch Royal Dutch Shell had deployed approximate 2,000 Nortel phones to work with Microsoft Office Communicator client.
ASUSteK Computer is using unified communications solutions from Nortel and Microsoft for its internal communications.
Competing solutions.
In March, 2007, Cisco and IBM announced an alliance to bring together "Sametime collaboration" and Cisco Unified Communications Portfolio, to compete against the Nortel-Microsoft product offerings.

</doc>
<doc id="18370517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370517" title="Roela">
Roela

Roela ("Ruil" in German) is a small borough ("") in Vinni Parish ("Kirchspiel Finn" before 1930), Lääne-Viru County ("Wierland" before 1919) in northeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18370548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370548" title="Lehmannia nyctelia">
Lehmannia nyctelia

Lehmannia nyctelia is a species of air-breathing land slug, a shell-less pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae.
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="18370552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370552" title="Dirk Borgognone">
Dirk Borgognone

Dirk Ronald Borgognone (born January 9, 1968) is a retired former National Football League placekicker who currently holds the record for the longest field goal ever kicked in the history of high school football, 68 yards.
Borgognone attended Reno High School, initially playing as a soccer player. He soon switched to football and was trained in a "straight-on" kicking style. On September 27, 1985, he kicked the longest field goal in high school football history, during a Reno High School game at Sparks High School. The kick measured 68 yards, and was longer than any that had ever been successfully kicked in the NFL or the NCAA. Borgognone was thereafter relegated solely to kicks of over 50 yards after his kick and missing all eight of his subsequent attempts, not kicking a single successful field goal the rest of his high school career. He would convert three field goals in a subsequent all-star game, being named the game's MVP. After high school, Borgognone attended Truckee Meadows Community College before transferring to the University of the Pacific. Borgognone's college career, however, was derailed by a 1988 change to the NCAA rule books that banned kicking off tees for field goal attempts. This not only reduced the general range for field goals (the record off a tee was 67 yards, without, only 65), but Borgognone had always kicked off a tee and was unprepared for the change. Frustrated, Borgognone left college early to pursue an NFL career as a kickoff specialist.
Much like Ove Johansson, whose 69-yard field goal in the NAIA in 1976 is the only field goal on record to have bested Borgognone's kick, Borgognone struggled to make the National Football League. He spent many years bouncing between NFL training camps, mainly as a kickoff specialist (the NFL had prohibited the use of kicking tees for field goals and extra points for decades). He received unsuccessful tryouts from the Minnesota Vikings in 1990, the Atlanta Falcons in 1991, the Cleveland Browns in 1992, and the Indianapolis Colts in 1993. Both the Miami Dolphins and Washington Redskins gave him a tryout during the 1994 NFL season, but neither team signed him. He was picked up by the Green Bay Packers for the 1995 season and was on the roster for two games before being cut. Borgognone became upset and after a poor tryout for the San Francisco 49ers in 1996, never played professional football again. He briefly considered a comeback in 1999 at the request of Ray Pelfrey, but, despite feeling physically able to do so, decided against making another run at the NFL.
Borgognone currently lives in Reno, and is a widower; his wife, Nevada Highway Patrol officer Kara Kelly-Borgognone, was killed in a car accident while on duty in March 2008. She was driving at high speed to the scene of a false report of a bomb. He has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18370560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370560" title="Kose-Uuemõisa">
Kose-Uuemõisa

Kose-Uuemõisa () is a small borough ("") in Kose Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.
Kose-Uuemõisa manor.
The village has been the location for a manor house since the 1340s, although the medieval building burned down in the Livonian War. The current building, in neo-Renaissance style, dates from the 1850s and was erected by the Baltic German family von Uexküll. In the park adjacent to the manor house the von Uexküll family burial chapel, built in 1905, still stands. It is built in artistically accomplished neo-Gothic style.

</doc>
<doc id="18370561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370561" title="Brazilian submarine Humaitá (S20)">
Brazilian submarine Humaitá (S20)

Brazilian submarine Humaita (S20) was an "Oberon"-class submarine in the Brazilian Navy.
It was ordered 22 May 1970 and commissioned June 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18370584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370584" title="Don't Bore Us, Get to the Chorus! – Roxette's Greatest Video Hits">
Don't Bore Us, Get to the Chorus! – Roxette's Greatest Video Hits

"Don't Bore Us, Get to the Chorus! – Roxette's Greatest Video Hits" is a video collection by the Swedish pop duo Roxette, released on VCD, VHS and Laserdisc on December 20, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18370592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370592" title="Juvenile discography">
Juvenile discography

This is the discography of rapper Juvenile. Juvenile has sold over 10 million albums worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="18370604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370604" title="Ääsmäe">
Ääsmäe

Ääsmäe is a settlement in Saue Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.
Ääsmäe manor.
The manor in Ääsmäe traces its origins to 1574, when king John III of Sweden presented the estate as a gift to his secretary Johann Berends. The present building was built in the 1770s when the manor was under the ownership of the Baltic German family von Toll, possibly by designs made by architect Johann Schultz. It is a stylish early classicist ensemble with several preserved original details.

</doc>
<doc id="18370618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370618" title="Brazilian submarine Tonelero (S21)">
Brazilian submarine Tonelero (S21)

Tonelero (S21) was an "Oberon"-class submarine in the Brazilian Navy.
It was ordered on 22 May 1970, and commissioned on 8 September 1978. "Tonelero" was seriously damaged by fire during the ship's fitting out and was sent to HM Dockyard Chatham to undergo repairs. The central section of the pressure hull was cut out and replaced, and all electrical wiring was replaced. This delayed the completion of the boat until 1978. "Tonelero" was the last of "Oberon"-class to be completed by Vickers.

</doc>
<doc id="18370631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370631" title="Brazilian submarine Riachuelo (S22)">
Brazilian submarine Riachuelo (S22)

Riachuelo (S22) was an "Oberon"-class submarine in the Brazilian Navy. 
It was ordered in 1972 and commissioned in March 1977. "Riachuelo" is now displayed at the Navy Cultural Centre in Rio de Janeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="18370641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370641" title="Hillside (Charles Town, West Virginia)">
Hillside (Charles Town, West Virginia)

Hillside, also known as Little Elmington, is a 1½ story brick house near Charles Town, West Virginia dating to "circa" 1798–1800. The house possesses a striking two-story gallery supported by five large round columns. The property includes a rubblestone barn and spring house. The house's name refers to its construction into the natural hillside in a manner similar to that of a bank barn, with the principal entry on the upper, uphill level.

</doc>
<doc id="18370646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370646" title="Lehtse">
Lehtse

Lehtse is a small borough ("") in Tapa Parish, Lääne-Viru County in northern Estonia. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 383.

</doc>
<doc id="18370650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370650" title="John A. Long">
John A. Long

John Albert Long (born 1957) is an Australian paleontologist who is currently Strategic Professor in Palaeontology at Flinders University in Adelaide, South Australia [http://www.flinders.edu.au/people/john.long]. He was previously the Vice President of Research and Collections at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County. He is also an author of popular science books. His main area of research is on the fossil fish of the Late Devonian Gogo Formation from northern Western Australia. It has yielded many important insights into fish evolution, such as Gogonasus and Materpiscis, the later specimen being crucial to our understanding of the origins of vertebrate reproduction. His love of fossil collecting began at age 7 and he graduated with PhD from Monash University in 1984, specialising in Palaeozoic fish evolution. He held postdoctoral positions at the Australian National University (1984–85, Rothmans Fellow), The University of Western Australia (1986–87, Queen Elizabeth II Award) and The University of Tasmania (1988–89, ARC Fellow) before taking up a position as Curator in Vertebrate Palaeontology at the Western Australian Museum (1989–2004), and then as Head of Sciences at Museum Victoria (2004–2009).
Paleontological research.
Long's paleontological research has involved field work collecting and studying Palaeozoic fishes throughout Australia, Antarctica, South Africa, Iran, Vietnam, Thailand and China.
Long's early research led to the refinement of a new biostratigraphic scheme for dating Palaeozoic sequences in Victoria, Australia. Most of his later research has focussed on collecting and describing the well-preserved 3-dimensional Devonian fishes from the Gogo Formation, Western Australia. His major discoveries from his field expeditions to the Gogo fossil sites (1986–2008) included the first complete skull of an osteolepiform fish, "Gogonasus", and a new specimen showing that "Gogonasus" had large spiracles opening on top of its head. Other discoveries include several new types of dipnoans and arthrodires, and the discovery of the first Devonian fishes showing embryos inside them. This later discovery, published in the journal "Nature" (May 2008) was the first time that reproduction by internal fertilisation was demonstrated in the extinct Class Placodermi, and the oldest evidence for vertebrate viviparity yet discovered. One of the specimens, named "Materpiscis", was also the only known fossil to show a mineralised umbilical structure linked to the unborn embryo. Nature magazine made a short documentary video about this discovery. Other Gogo fish fossils have been found showing remarkable preservation of 3-D muscle tissues, nerve cells and microcapillaries, making this one of the world's most extraordinary sites for exceptional preservation of fossils of this age. One of Long's discoveries, the placoderm "Mcnamaraspis", made history by becoming Australia's first official state fossil emblem when it was declared by the Governor as the Western Australian fossil emblem on 5 December 1995.
Science communication.
In addition to his work as a palaeontologist John Long has been prominent as a key science communicator in Australia, mainly through his many popular science books, written for both adults and children, which include works of fiction as well as non-fiction. His book "The Rise of Fishes −500 Million Years of Evolution" is widely used as a standard reference on fish evolution, and his books dealing with Australian dinosaurs and Mesozoic faunas, and on Australian and New Guinean prehistoric mammals were the first tomes to comprehensively cover these topics. His work collecting fossils in Antarctica was published as a book "Mountains of Madness – A Scientist's Odyssey Through Antarctica" that gave the first detailed account of a modern scientific expedition to Antarctica as told from the scientist's viewpoint. His work on the international fossil trade, which highlighted problems of fossil smuggling and ignorance of legislation, was made into a 2 part documentary series entitled "The Dinosaur Dealers", and published as a book of the same name. He has been active in Australia since the late 1990s dealing with issues of fossil repatriation, legislation and heritage. His books for children include two novels based on cutting edge research that paint vivid pictures of travelling back in time to experience the varied landscapes of prehistoric Australia ("Mystery of Devils Roost, Journey to the Dawn of Time") as well as non-fiction works dealing mainly with dinosaurs and prehistory, but also with the environment and climate change and the development of human civilizations.
Awards.
Long's awards include the 2001 Eureka Prize for the Promotion of Science, the 2003 Riversleigh Society Medal for promoting the understanding of Australian prehistory, and the 2008 Australasian Science Prize, a prize awarded across all disciplines of science and medicine each year by Australasian Science magazine for excellence in peer-reviewed research. The 2008 Australasian Science Prize was awarded for the discovery of the world's oldest vertebrate embryos. Long's Literary Awards include the 2006 Best Primary Reference book by the Australian Publishers Association for "The Big Picture Book- Life on Earth Unfolding Through Time", which also picked up the 2006 Environmental Award for Children's Literature (non-fiction) and was short-listed for the best information book (Eve Pownall Award of the Children's Book Council) and shortlisted for best children's book in the Western Australian Premiers Literary Awards 2006. In 2007 his book "Swimming in Stone-The Amazing Gogo Fossils of the Kimberley" was shortlisted for the Science writing prize of the Victorian Premier's Literary Awards. In 2011 John Long and colleagues Kate Trinajstic, Gavin Young & Tim Senden were short-listed for the prestigious Eureka Prize for Scientific Research. In December 2011 John Long received the 2011 Research Medal of the Royal Society of Victoria (Category Earth Sciences).

</doc>
<doc id="18370662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370662" title="Rote Kapelle (band)">
Rote Kapelle (band)

Rote Kapelle were a post punk/indie pop band from Edinburgh, Scotland, active during the 1980s. The band members included musicians who were also members of Jesse Garon And The Desperadoes, and The Shop Assistants.
History.
The band was formed in the early 1980s by Andrew Tully (vocals) and Marguerite Vasquez-Ponte (vocals), both of whom would also form Jesse Garon and the Desperadoes, with Chris Henman (guitar), Ian Binns (keyboards, also a member of The Stayrcase), Malcolm Kergan (bass), and Jonathan Muir (drums). The band's debut release was "The Big Smell Dinosaur" EP in late 1985, after which they were signed by Marc Riley's In-Tape label. Tully described the band's sound in 1987 as a blend of noisy post-punk and anorak pop. Vasquez-Ponte was also a member of a third band, The Fizzbombs, alongside the Desperadoes' Angus McPake and The Shop Assistants' former drummer Ann Donald. They released two further singles and two more EP's, one of which featured tracks from their Peel Session, before splitting when Vasquez-Ponte joined the re-formed Shop Assistants. An LP, "No North Briton", was released in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18370678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370678" title="USS Passaic (AN-87)">
USS Passaic (AN-87)

USS "Passaic" (YN-113/AN-87) was a built for the United States Navy during World War II. She was commissioned in March 1945 and spent her entire career in the Pacific Ocean. She was decommissioned in March 1947 and placed in reserve. She was sold to the Dominican Republic in September 1976 as patrol vessel "Calderas" (P209). , "Calderas" remained active in the Dominican Navy.
Career.
"Passaic", the second U.S. Navy ship to be so named, was originally authorized as YN–113; redesignated AN–87 on 17 January 1944; laid down at Leathen & Smith Shipbuilding Co., Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin. 25 April 1944; launched 29 June 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Sam H. North; and commissioned 6 March 1945.
During the final months of World War II, "Passaic" was assigned to the U.S. Pacific Fleet and rendered valuable supporting action, maintaining and recovering antisubmarine nets in Pacific waters. 
After war-time service, "Passaic" remained at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, until 1947, when she reported to San Diego, California. Decommissioning in March, she remained in reserve there until July 1963. She was then transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration, and laid up at Suisun Bay with the National Defense Reserve Fleet. "Passaconaway" was transferred to the Dominican Republic in September 1976 as patrol vessel "Calderas" (P209). , the ship remained in active service with the Dominican Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="18370679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370679" title="Ocklawaha, Florida">
Ocklawaha, Florida

Ocklawaha (also spelled Oklawaha) is an unincorporated community in Marion County, Florida, United States. The community is part of the Ocala Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Two zip codes are associated to the community: 32179, and 32183.
Geography.
Ocklawaha is located at (29.0425, -81.9294).

</doc>
<doc id="18370681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370681" title="Gezirah Palace">
Gezirah Palace

The Gezirah Palace was one of the Egyptian royal palaces of the Muhammad Ali Dynasty. It is located in the Zamalek district on Gezira Island in the Nile, just west of Downtown Cairo. 
History.
The Gezirah Palace was commissioned by Khedive Ismail for entertaining visiting international dignitaries during the opening of the Suez Canal. It was sold to Paul Draneht Pasha and Commander Oblieght in 1889, and by 1906 was an elegant hotel. During the first world war it was put into service as the No.2 Australian General Hospital after Mena House was unable to cope with the huge number of casualties from Gallipoli.
Present day.
The Gezirah Palace is currently the central part of the Cairo Marriott Hotel complex, between the pair of towers, on Gezira Island north of the 6th October Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="18370691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370691" title="Sweden Live">
Sweden Live

Sweden Live is a concert video by the Swedish pop duo Roxette, released on VHS and Laserdisc on February 17, 1989. It features footage from a concert filmed in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18370707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370707" title="NWA Hawaii Tag Team Championship">
NWA Hawaii Tag Team Championship

The NWA Hawaii Tag Team Championship was the primary tag team title of NWA Mid-Pacific Promotions and was defended between 1952 until 1978 when it was abandoned. The title was later revived by the current incarnation of NWA Hawaii in 2000. It is the earliest regional tag team title in to be defended in the Pacific coast of the United States, along with the NWA Pacific Northwest Tag Team Championship, and was originally defended in Honolulu, Hawaii. As of 2007, it is defended in Kalihi, Kaneohe and Wahiawa, Hawaii. 

</doc>
<doc id="18370709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370709" title="Lehmannia marginata">
Lehmannia marginata

Lehmannia marginata is species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae. Sometimes classified in the genus "Limax", the species is distinct in its ecology, and its nearly transparent body. It is a medium-sized species, rarely exceeding 12 cm in body length. The body is fairly long and narrow, with a marked keel. The keel looks lighter than the remaining body against the darker innards.
In contrast to predominately carnivorous species like the Spanish slug or the grey slug, "L. marginata" eats lichen, algae and mushrooms, and will only eat other dead slugs if no other food is available.
Description.
This is a species of keeled slug.
Habitat.
This slug species is found in woodland.
Distribution.
This species is known to occur in a number of countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="18370711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370711" title="Pajusti">
Pajusti

Pajusti is a small borough ("") in Lääne-Viru County in northern Estonia. It's the administrative centre of Vinni Parish.

</doc>
<doc id="18370714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370714" title="UFO sightings in South Africa">
UFO sightings in South Africa

This is a list of alleged sightings of unidentified flying objects or UFOs in South Africa.
1965 craft landing.
After midnight on 16 September, police constables Lockem and de Klerk observed a landed, copper-coloured craft on the Pretoria–Bronkhorstspruit freeway. It was 30 ft wide and left a 6 ft wide imprint on the asphalt after a rapid, fiery ascent. The incident was confirmed in a press release by Lt Colonel J.B. Brits, district commandant, Pretoria North. Constable Lockem, aided by a staff artist of "Die Vaderland" newspaper, provided a sketch of the craft.
Abduction scenarios.
1956 contactee.
A well-known photo series depicting a supposed UFO, was taken on 24 July near Rosetta in the Drakensberg region. The photographer, meteorologist Elizabeth Klarer, claimed detailed adventures with an alien race, besides having had an alien lover, Akon, who would have fathered her son Ayling.
1974 abduction event.
Travellers Peter and Frances MacNorman claimed an abduction event on 31 May, which would have started near Fort Victoria in the current southern Zimbabwe, and which would have continued to the vicinity of Beitbridge on the South African border.
1979 Mindalore incident.
On January 3, 1979, a mother and her 12-year old son of Mindalore, Krugersdorp, both claimed an encounter with a group of human-like entities standing beside a craft. One of them would have encouraged her to depart with them permanently. After she refused, they would have entered the craft which shortly shot upwards and disappeared in 30 seconds.
Crash claims and hoaxes.
1982 Mozambican border crash.
A person identifying himself only as an apartheid era brigadier general of the South African Army, claimed in a 2004 "Coast to Coast AM" interview with Art Bell, that he was an eye-witness to a crashed disk in November 1982. From a Pretoria air force base, he would have given the order to a Mirage pilot flying hundreds of miles to the east, to fire on a suspected MiG aircraft, that was deemed a risk to ground troops. It allegedly turned out to be a disk, which was brought down very near the Mozambican border. He and his special operations team would have retrieved the wide craft holding two comatose grey beings, and returned these to Pretoria. The supposed artifacts were briefly held at Ysterplaat, Cape Town, before allegedly flown to Andrews Field near Washington, D.C., where U.S. officials took custody. Similar, but evidently baseless reports, have been tied to earlier and later dates.
1989 Kalahari crash.
According to supposed leaked documents an alien craft was shot down by South African aircraft, some into Botswana, on 7 May. Two alien beings were claimed to have been captured on site. To date no primary witnesses have been traced, while the supporting documents, some obvious fakes, were all obtained from James van Greunen. Researcher Tony Dodd lent Van Greunen some credibility in "Quest" magazine, but other researchers were highly skeptical. The claims have nonetheless been widely circulated, either as fact or as a case deserving investigation.
1995 Lesotho crash.
According to supposed leaked documents an alien craft crashed in Lesotho on 15 September. It was claimed that South African forces retrieved the craft and took three alien beings captive. The source of these documents is unknown, but is once again suspected to be James van Greunen. Failing to trace any key individuals or witnesses, researcher Michael Hesemann denounced it as 'a complete hoax'. Other researchers, though skeptical, held out hope to trace witnesses.

</doc>
<doc id="18370720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370720" title="Hyopsodus">
Hyopsodus

Hyopsodus is a genus of extinct condylarth mammal of the hyopsodontidae family. Fossils of this genus have been found in North America, especially the bighorn basin region of the United States. They are often nicknamed "tube sheep", due to their strange, weasel-like body. It is believed to have been swift and nimble, living in burrows, and perhaps able to use echolocation.

</doc>
<doc id="18370721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370721" title="Adirondack Park Agency visitor interpretive centers">
Adirondack Park Agency visitor interpretive centers

The Adirondack Park Agency created two visitor interpretive centers (known informally as the VICs) in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The centers were designed to introduce visitors to the special features of the Adirondack Park, which, at 6 million acres (24,000 km²), is the largest park in the lower 48 United States. The centers help orient visitors to the park via educational programs, exhibits, and interpretive trails. Educational programs are available for school groups as well as the general public. Memorial Day to Columbus Day the buildings are open 7 days a week, 9-5. Columbus Day to Memorial Day the centers are open Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10:00 AM – 4:00 PM. The trails are open daily year round from dawn to dusk.
Paul Smith's center.
The Paul Smith's center opened in 1989. Located on approximately 2,700 acres (11 km2) near Paul Smith's College, the PSIC has approximately six miles of interpretive trails and eight miles (13 km) of backcountry trails. Throughout the property visitors will encounter every habitat type found in the Adirondack Park except alpine. Historically, each spring the center hosts the Great Adirondack Birding Festival. Throughout the year visitors can partake of guided interpretive walks, regular outdoor activities, naturalist-led canoe paddles on Barnum Pond, and assorted lectures and slide presentations. In the winter the trails are open for snowshoeing and cross-country skiing.
Newcomb center.
The Newcomb center opened in 1990. Located on 236 acres (0.96 km2) at the outlet of Rich Lake, the center has approximately three and a half miles of interpretive trails. Habitats include lakeshore, wetlands, old growth forest, and mixed northern forest. Throughout the year staff conduct naturalist-led trail walks, guided paddles on Rich Lake, and assorted workshops and lectures. All trails are open in the winter for snowshoeing; cross-country skiing is permitted, and requires varying degrees of skill depending on trails and conditions. Dogs are allowed on leash year round, and owners are asked to please clean up after their dogs to preserve trail conditions for all users.
Participation of colleges and universities.
Due to state fiscal and budgetary constraints Gov. David Paterson marked the VICs for closure effective Dec. 31st, 2010.
The Newcomb interpretive center, renamed the Adirondack Interpretive Center (www.esf.edu/aic) was taken over by the SUNY College of Environmental Science and Forestry (SUNY-ESF) on July 1, 2010 with program responsibility beginning January 1, 2011. The Newcomb interpretive center is situated on ESF's Huntington Wildlife Forest, a biological field station the college has operated in Newcomb since 1932, and also home to the College's Adirondack Ecological Center. ESF is committed to maintaining and expanding the interpretive center as a public resource for education and recreation.
Paul Smith's College (PSC) is currently exploring a mechanism for taking over and managing the interpretive center on PSC's property, and continuing its legacy of education and recreation as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18370729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370729" title="Lehmannia macroflagellata">
Lehmannia macroflagellata

Lehmannia macroflagellata is species of air-breathing land slug, a shell-less terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae.
Distribution and habitat.
This species lives in woodland.
It is not listed in the IUCN red list; it was not evaluated (NE) 
It is found in countries and islands including:

</doc>
<doc id="18370743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370743" title="Lehola">
Lehola

Lehola is a settlement in Keila Parish, Harju County in northwestern Estonia. It had the population of 486 (1 January 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="18370792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370792" title="Sara Joya">
Sara Joya

Sara Joya Lobaton (born February 22, 1976) is a female volleyball player from Peru, who plays as a middle-blocker. She represented her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18370806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370806" title="WWA International Television Tag Team Championship">
WWA International Television Tag Team Championship

The WWA International Television Tag Team Championship was the tag team title in the Los Angeles-based World Wrestling Association from the promotion's formation in 1954 until 1964 when it was unified with the WWA World Tag Team Championship. 

</doc>
<doc id="18370808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370808" title="Bigode">
Bigode

João Ferreira, usually known as Bigode – "moustache", in Portuguese (April 4, 1922 – July 31, 2003), – was a Brazilian footballer who played left back who played in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.
Career.
Bigode started his career playing for Atlético Mineiro, of his home city Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais state. He won the Campeonato Mineiro twice, in 1941 and in 1942. He then moved to Fluminense of Rio de Janeiro in 1943, where he won the Campeonato Carioca in 1946. After leaving Fluminense in 1949, Bigode joined his former club's rivals Flamengo in 1950, where he stayed until 1952, when he returned to Fluminense, and retired in 1956.
Brazilian national team.
Bigode played eleven matches for the Brazil national team between 1949 and 1950. In 1949, he won the South American Championship. He was also part of the Brazilian team that finished as the 1950 FIFA World Cup's runners-up, after being defeated 2–1 by Uruguay at Estádio do Maracanã, in what is known as the Maracanazo. In this game Bigode was in poor form, as Alcides Ghiggia dribbled him in both Uruguyan goals. However, it was goalkeeper Moacyr Barbosa who was blamed for the defeat.
Death.
Bigode died in Belo Horizonte on July 31, 2003 after suffering from respiratory problems.
Honors.
Bigode won the following honors during his playing career:

</doc>
<doc id="18370809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370809" title="Lehmannia">
Lehmannia

Lehmannia is a genus of air-breathing land slugs in the family Limacidae, the keelback slugs. The genus is distributed in Europe and North Africa.
Description.
These are narrow-bodied slugs up to 8 centimeters long. The mantle covers less than a third of the body length. They are cream-colored to brown or black, usually with at least two longitudinal stripes along the mantle. The sole of the foot is lightest in the middle. The penis is short compared to those of certain other slugs, and in shape it may be "tubular, baggy, or claviform" (club-shaped). The mucus is watery.
Biology.
Most species live in mountain habitat, where they can be found on trees and rocks. They feed on lichens.
Species.
There are about 16 species in the genus. Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="18370811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370811" title="Urban Renewal (Tower of Power album)">
Urban Renewal (Tower of Power album)

Urban Renewal is a Tower of Power album recorded in 1974 and released in 1975. It's also the last album to feature lead singer Lenny Williams, who would leave to continue a successful solo career. Plus drummer David Garibaldi left temporarily, although he does appear on the song "Willing To Learn" which was the first single released on the album. David Bartlett takes the reins as drummer for this album. Also conga player Brent Byars left after the previous album "Back to Oakland", with Carter Collins taking over for him on this album.

</doc>
<doc id="18370812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370812" title="Florieda Batson">
Florieda Batson

Florieda Batson (born November 20, 1900, New Orleans, Louisiana; died January 31, 1996, New Orleans) was an American hurdler and captain of the United States team at the Women's Olympics in Paris in 1922.
Batson was the youngest of three children born to Robert Percy Batson, a successful New Orleans businessman, and his wife Florieda Burton Batson. Mrs. Batson died when Florieda was 3, and Florieda's two older brothers died in accidents. Mr. Batson sent Florieda to live with relatives in Alabama and New York, and she attended Rosemary Hall Academy (later Choate Rosemary Hall) in Connecticut. 
At Rosemary, Batson learned hurdling as well as playing field hockey and basketball. She quickly became the leading American short-distance female hurdler; Batson was undefeated between 1919 and 1921 and set U.S. records in the 60-yard high hurdles (9.0 seconds) and the 100-yard low hurdles (14.4 seconds).
After graduating from Rosemary, Batson enrolled at Smith College. In 1922, she was invited to join the team of 13 U.S. women attending the 1922 Women's Olympics, an event organized by French women's athletics pioneer Alice Milliat. The team, mostly consisting of East Coast prep school and college students like Batson, chose her as captain.
At the Paris games, Batson sprained her left ankle when she hit a hurdle during the team's first practice. She won her qualifying heat, but failed to finish the final when her injured ankle caused her to fall.
After the Women's Olympics, Batson returned to New Orleans, where she married local businessman William J. Gibbens, Jr. The couple had two daughters. When Florieda Batson Gibbens died in 1996, she was survived by 11 grandchildren and 24 great-grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18370816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370816" title="Splashdown (album)">
Splashdown (album)

Splashdown is a Hot Tuna album released in 1984 containing the tracks from a previously unreleased live acoustic performance that had been played on the short-lived radio station WQIV in the mid-1970s. During the recording, news of the Apollo-Soyuz mission returning to Earth after the first USA-USSR rendezvous in space reached the station, and the astronauts' radio transmissions were played at the same time as Jorma and Jack continued with "Police Dog Blues." The transmissions mixed with the song were preserved for this release as the last track of side 1. The album was Hot Tuna's first release on Relix Records, and one of the first Relix releases. Jorma Kaukonen was signed on as a solo artist to the label as well. In 1997 an expanded version of the album was released as Splashdown Two.

</doc>
<doc id="18370842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370842" title="WWA World Tag Team Championship">
WWA World Tag Team Championship

The WWA World Tag Team Championship was the primary tag team title in the Indianapolis-based World Wrestling Association from the promotion's formation in 1964 until the late 1980s when the promotion closed.

</doc>
<doc id="18370846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370846" title="Katsurayama Ujimoto">
Katsurayama Ujimoto


</doc>
<doc id="18370853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370853" title="Luige">
Luige

Luige is a small borough () in Kiili Parish, Harju County, in northern Estonia, located about south from the centre of Tallinn. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 
Luige gained its small borough status on 18 August 2008, before that it was a village.

</doc>
<doc id="18370878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370878" title="Take It to the Limit (Hinder album)">
Take It to the Limit (Hinder album)

Take It to the Limit is the second studio album of rock band Hinder. The album has been in the works since January 2008 and was released November 4, 2008 on Universal Motown Records. The album was recorded by Jay Van Poederooyen and produced by Brian Howes at Van Howes Studios in Vancouver, BC, Canada. The record was mixed by Chris Lord-Alge at Mix LA in Tarzana, California, USA. It has a much heavier glam metal and a lesser post-grunge influence than their last album, while retaining the elements of hard rock that the band had previously used. The album has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
Release.
The first single, "Use Me", was released to radio on July 7, 2008, with a digital download release on July 15, 2008. "Heaven Sent" was performed at Hinder concerts dating back to 2007; however, the song was originally called "Heaven Lost You" when it was first performed.
Reception.
Although critical reactions to the album have been mostly negative, it was received better than their debut. It received a 49/100 score on Metacritic. "Entertainment Weekly" gave a grade of C+ and cited their lack of originality and contrasting song styles of hard rock and ballads. Chris Willman explained, "If you were ever young and in love, dumb with drink, and had a head swimming with not just Boone's Farm wine but also Def Leppard, Bon Jovi, and AC/DC (to name these guys' most blatant anthemic influences), you may be willing to forgive Hinder's lack of originality and preponderance of madonna/whore issues." He summed up by saying "If only the whiplash they induce resulted from real headbanging, not from trying to follow Hinder's song-to-song indecision about whether to be studs or wimps." In a more positive review "Hard Rock Hideout" gave it 4.5 out of five stars saying that ""Take It To The Limit" is a stronger album from start to finish than the band’s debut." and that " Hinder is one of the bands leading the revival for straight up rock-n-roll and “Take It To The Limit” is going to go a long way in helping the cause."
Many have criticized the originality of the album, saying many of the lyrical themes were similar to many snap music rap albums (especially the Dem Franchize Boyz album "On Top Of Our Game"), and the sound sounded similar to many 1980's glam metal bands.
Track listing.
All songs written by Austin Winkler, Cody Hanson and Brian Howes.
Bonus tracks.
Best Buy have released a version that include six exclusive bonus tracks, featuring live and in-studio acoustic versions of these songs.
Wal-Mart have also release a special edition of the album which that includes three bonus tracks and a bonus DVD.
iTunes U.S. has two bonus tracks.
iTunes U.K. has two bonus tracks.
Japanese edition has two bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18370886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370886" title="Kenneth Oxford">
Kenneth Oxford

Sir Kenneth Gordon Oxford CBE, QPM (25 June 1924 – 23 November 1998) was a senior British police officer and chief constable of Merseyside Police from 1976 to 1989.
Early life.
Kenneth Oxford was born in Camberwell, London, and educated at the Caldecott School, Lambeth. He joined the Royal Air Force in 1942 and served with RAF Bomber Command in south east Asia until 1947.
Police career.
Oxford joined the Metropolitan Police after leaving the RAF, and within six months was promoted to detective with the CID. In 1961 Oxford, by then a sergeant, was bagman to Superintendent Basil Montague (Bob) Acott (1913 - 2001) in the A6 Murder investigation that led to the conviction of James Hanratty. In 1963 he took part in the Profumo affair investigation, arresting Christine Keeler on suspicion of perjury and conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.
In 1966, as a Detective Chief Inspector Oxford assisted Detective Superintendent Charles Hewett in the investigation into the theft of pictures worth £2.75 million from the Dulwich Picture Gallery.
In 1969 Oxford joined Northumbria Police as assistant chief constable. He was appointed deputy chief constable of Merseyside Police in 1974, and became chief constable in 1976.
Kenneth Oxford's tenure as Chief Constable of Merseyside was beset by controversy. From his appointment Oxford made a clear commitment to improving the manpower, facilities and structure of the Merseyside force. He also expanded beat policing at the expense of mobile patrols as a means of improving police/public relations.
One of Oxford's first decisions as Chief Constable was to disband his force's "Task Force", a mobile support unit modeled on the Metropolitan Police's Special Patrol Group (SPG) which had gained a reputation for excessive force and harassment among Liverpool's black community. Oxford received the congratulations of the Merseyside Community Relations Council for scrapping the "Task Force", which he felt himself had been responsible for some heavy-handed tactics.
By the late 1970s the relationship between Merseyside Police and parts of deprived communities in Liverpool had plummeted, and a series of incidents of alleged excessive force culminated in the death of Jimmy Kelly in June 1979. Kelly, who had been arrested for being drunk and disorderly, died in custody, and witnesses alleged that they had seen officers assaulting him. More allegations of police brutality followed, and the local MP, Sir Harold Wilson, called for a public inquiry.
Kenneth Oxford responded to the wave of pressure that followed with a staunch refusal to discuss the case with his police committee which included both Tory and Labour groups of Liverpool City Council. The most vociferous of these critics was Margaret Simey, who led the Labour Group on the Police Committee. 
Simey had previously voiced concerns over what she saw as overly forceful and aggressive policing by Merseyside police and pushed hard for an inquiry. Oxford responded in his annual report by referring to "vituperative, misinformed comment made by members of the County Council, but more unfortunately by members of the Police Committee".
Oxford was an passionate advocate of the operational independence of Chief Constables and resented any demand from the Police Committee to justify his decisions. He openly regarded criticisms by elected councillors and community leaders as a politically motivated assault upon the police service. Oxford, together with James Anderton, Chief Constable of Greater Manchester, became the focal point for a debate over police accountability that raged throughout the 1980s and remains unresolved to this day.
Within the Merseyside force Oxford was viewed as an tough and forthright Chief Constable who supported his officers against unfair and politically motivated critics. Oxford was viewed as an advocate of a "hard policing" style which relied on the intensive use of stop and search powers by police to combat street crime and violence. Outsiders however saw his management style as abrasive and suggested Oxford lacked the sensitivity required in a modern Chief Constable. In 1981 Oxford responded to critics of his management style
"If I am arrogant then the spice of arrogance is a necessary constituent of command".
On July 8, 1981 clashes broke out between police and youths in the Liverpool 8 (Toxteth) district of the city. Over the weekend that followed, the disturbance escalated into full-scale rioting, with pitched battles between police and youths in which petrol bombs and paving stones were thrown. During the violence milk floats were set on fire and directed at police lines. Rioters were also observed using scaffording poles to charge police lines.
Oxford had issued his officers with long protective shields but these proved inadequate in protecting officers from missile attacks and in particular the effects of petrol bombs. Such was the scale of the rioting in Toxteth that police reinforcements were drafted in from forces across England including Greater Manchester, Lancashire, Cumbria, Birmingham and even Devon to try to control the unrest.
The overwhelming majority of officers were not trained either in using the shields or in public order tactics other than forming static lines. The sole offensive tactic available to officers, the baton charge, proved increasingly ineffective in driving back the attacking crowds of rioters.
At 02:15 hours on Monday 6 July Oxford gave the order to deploy CS gas against the rioters. Merseyside police fired between 25-30 CS gas grenades for the first time in the UK outside Northern Ireland. The gas succeeded in dispersing the crowds.
A second wave of rioting began on 27 July 1981 and continued into the early hours of 28 July, with police once again being attacked with missiles and a number of cars being set alight. However on this occasion the Merseyside force responded by driving vans and land rovers at high speed into the crowds quickly dispersing them. This "mobile pursuit tactic" had been developed as a riot control technique in Northern Ireland by the Royal Ulster Constabulary and had been employed with success in quelling the Moss Side riots by the Greater Manchester Police. A local man David Moore died after being struck by a police van trying to clear crowds and another was disabled after being run over by a land rover. Oxford responded to critics of "mobile pursuit" by telling journalists.
"They can see the vehicles coming and they know what will happen if they get in the way."
In the aftermath of the rioting Oxford responded to his critics and to Margaret Simey in particular by blaming the riots on "hooligans", and stated that his decision to use CS gas had saved Liverpool city centre from being looted. In the respite provided by the Scarman Report Oxford repeated his long-held belief that Liverpool's violent and multi-racial culture required a tough policing style. There were several demonstrations by Liverpool 8 residents and left wing activists calling for Oxford's sacking as Chief Constable of Merseyside.
During this period a deal was struck between Margaret Simey and the Home Secretary, William Whitelaw, which involved a toning-down of criticisms of Oxford's riot tactics in exchange for his removal as Chief Constable. however ACPO and the Police Federation made clear that they considered this totally unacceptable ensuring Whitelaw's support for Oxford. After this incident Simey's influence upon Merseyside politics was significantly reduced. She had also been subject to intense media criticism as being overly critical of police while not condemning the rioters.
As Chairman of ACPO 1982/83, Oxford retained both the national spotlight and the antipathy of his Police Committee. Critics of the police and in particular opponents of his view of democratic accountability were branded as extremists.
The Miners strike of 1984/85 saw the Merseyside Police Committee unsuccessfully attempt to impose an injunction upon Oxford to prevent Merseyside officers providing mutual aid to other forces. They also failed in their effort to stop Oxford from equipping his force with improved riot control equipment. They also failed to prevent him from obtaining plastic bullets.
Oxford opposed the Police and Criminal Evidence Act of 1984 as undermining police effectiveness against crime. After his retirement Oxford was named by Alison Halford as practising "tactics of exclusion" during her fight to gain promotion within the Merseyside Police.
Oxford was knighted in 1988, and retired from the force the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="18370899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370899" title="Sonda, Estonia">
Sonda, Estonia

Sonda is a small borough ("") in Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. It's the administrative centre of Sonda Parish.

</doc>
<doc id="18370901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370901" title="Patrick Gaffney (politician)">
Patrick Gaffney (politician)

Patrick Gaffney (died 1943) was an Irish Farmers' Party politician. A flour miller before entering politics, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for Carlow–Kilkenny at the 1922 general election. He resigned after 3 months because he refused to take the Oath of Allegiance. He stood as an independent candidate at the 1923 general election but was not elected. He is the one of the shortest serving TDs of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="18370913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370913" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Créteil">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Créteil

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Créteil, is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic church in France. Erected in 1966, from a subdivision of the Archdiocese of Paris and the Diocese of Versailles, the diocese remains a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Paris.
The current bishop is Michel Léon Émile Santier Appointed in September 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18370920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370920" title="Swing Out Sister discography">
Swing Out Sister discography

This is a partial discography of albums and singles released by Swing Out Sister. To date, the group has released nine studio albums. In addition, they have put out various other live, compilation or remix albums, some of which are only available in certain regions of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18370924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370924" title="Golden River">
Golden River

Golden River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18370927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370927" title="Hulja">
Hulja

Hulja is a small borough ("") in Kadrina Parish, Lääne-Viru County in northern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18370937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370937" title="William M. Hadley">
William M. Hadley

William Moore (Bill) Hadley is credited as being one of the primary early proponents of the middle school movement in the United States, and one of the first such schools carries his name.
Bill Hadley, the youngest child of Joseph William and Pauline Elizabeth Simmons Hadley, was born in Summerdale, AL, on March 21, 1917. He married Wilma (Polly) Funchess of Mobile, AL. Both Bill and Polly were students at Daphne Normal School in Baldwin County, AL at the time of their marriage. They both completed their teaching training and began their teaching careers in Baldwin County. Bill began teaching in 1937 and Polly in 1938. In 1942, he joined the Merchant Marines and served until the end of World War II. Polly continued to teach in the Baldwin and Mobile school systems and raised their two daughters. At the end of the War, Bill joined his family in Mobile where he and his wife resumed their teaching careers.
In 1948, he returned to the University of Alabama where he completed his B.S. and M.A. degrees. His wife was a principal and teacher in Tuscaloosa County, providing the means for her husband to complete his graduate degree in 1949.
William Hadley accepted a position as State Supervisor of Education in the Alabama State Department in Montgomery, Alabama in the Spring of 1949. Through the State Department of Education he was recommended for and received a full fellowship by the General Education Board of the Rockefeller Foundation to Teachers College, Columbia University, New York City, New York in the fall of 1949. He was employed as a full time instructor on the staff of Teachers College during the academic year of 1950-51. He also completed his Doctoral Dissertation during that year.
Bill and Polly had three children: Carol Joan Hadley, born September 17, 1937 in Foley, Alabama; Rita Mable Hadley, born August 8, 1939 in Mobile, Alabama; and John William Hadley, born February 13, 1951 in New York City, New York. In June 1951 Bill accepted an Associate Professorship at the University of Texas at Austin, and he moved his family there. After 13-1/2 months at the University, he accepted the Superintendency of Schools in Alice, Texas and two years later moved to Midland, Texas as Superintendent of Schools there. The University of Alabama offered William the opportunity to make a study of the professional teaching personnel in Jefferson County, Alabama (including the city of Birmingham) on a contract basis. He accepted, completed the study, and then accepted his last professional post as Superintendent of Schools, Dist. #41, in Glen Ellyn, Illinois (1956-1974).
William Hadley underwent open heart surgery in 1973 and retired on total disability in June, 1974. He was honored at his retirement by having an annual (perpetual) scholarship given in his name by the Glen Ellyn Schools, and a multi-million dollar experimental middle or Junior High School named in his honor, William M. Hadley School, located in Glen Ellyn, Illinois. The school is credited with being one of the first of its kind in the United States.
Bill and Polly moved to their retirement home in Magnolia Springs, Alabama on July 1, 1974, where he lived until his death on June 29, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18370949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370949" title="Ämari">
Ämari

Ämari is a small borough () in Vasalemma Parish, Harju County, northern Estonia. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 542, of which the Estonians were 190 (35.1%).

</doc>
<doc id="18370964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370964" title="Derwent Valley Heritage Way">
Derwent Valley Heritage Way

The Derwent Valley Heritage Way (DVHW) is a walk along the Derwent Valley from Ladybower Reservoir in the Peak District National Park via Chatsworth, the scenery around the Derbyshire Dales, and through the Derwent Valley Mills World Heritage Site. It follows the Riverside Path through Derby and continue onwards to the historic inland port of Shardlow. Journey's end is at Derwent Mouth where the River Derwent flows into the River Trent.

</doc>
<doc id="18370972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370972" title="1910 Great Flood of Paris">
1910 Great Flood of Paris

The 1910 Great Flood of Paris was a catastrophe in which the Seine River, carrying winter rains from its tributaries, flooded Paris agglomeration, France.
Chronology.
In late January 1910, following months of high rainfall, the Seine River flooded Paris when water pushed upwards from overflowing sewers and subway tunnels, and seeped into basements through fully saturated soil. The waters did not overflow the river's banks within the city, but flooded Paris through tunnels, sewers, and drains. In neighbouring towns both east and west of the capital, the river rose above its banks and flooded the surrounding terrain directly.
Winter floods were a normal occurrence in Paris, but, on 21 January, the river began to rise more rapidly than normal. Over the course of the following week, thousands of Parisians evacuated their homes as water infiltrated buildings and streets throughout the city shutting down much of Paris' basic infrastructure. Police, fire-fighters, and soldiers moved through waterlogged streets in boats to rescue stranded residents from second story windows and to distribute aid. Refugees gathered in makeshift shelters in churches, schools, and government buildings. Although the water threatened to overflow the tops of the quay walls that line the river, workmen were able to keep the Seine back with hastily built levees. 
Once water invaded the Gare d'Orsay rail terminal, its tracks soon sat under more than a metre of water. To continue moving throughout the city, residents traveled by boat or across a series of wooden walkways built by government engineers and by Parisians themselves.
On 28 January the water reached its maximum height at 8.62 metres (28.28 feet), some 6 m above its normal level.
Consequences.
Estimates of the flood damage reached some 400 million francs, or $1.5 billion in today's money. The flooding lasted nearly a week, according to one report.
Because of the water rising over time there were no deaths. The water got to its highest after 10 days and after 35 days the water was gone completely.
Sources.
Jeffrey H. Jackson, "Paris Under Water: How the City of Light Survived the Great Flood of 1910" (NY: Palgrave Macmillan, 2010)

</doc>
<doc id="18370994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18370994" title="Whitehorse River">
Whitehorse River

Whitehorse River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18371000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371000" title="Olgina">
Olgina

Olgina is a small borough ("") in Vaivara Parish, Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 459, of which the Estonians were 37 (8.1%).

</doc>
<doc id="18371003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371003" title="Diamond River">
Diamond River

Diamond River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18371009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371009" title="Dammam–Riyadh Line">
Dammam–Riyadh Line

The Dammam–Riyadh Line, also called Line 1, connects the cities of Dammam, Abqaiq, Hofuf and Riyadh (449.11 km) and is used by passenger trains. It is a very picturesque route, that takes passengers through the desert dunes, connecting the central region to the Persian Gulf.
The total journey takes about 4.5 hours and during that time, TV and snacks are offered on board.
Construction.
Planning for the original line started in 1947 with an agreement between King Ibn Saud and ARAMCO to lay a 340-mile (about 550 km) line. Bechtel Construction Company was chosen to build the rail line and the sea terminal at the eastern end of the rail line at Dammam. Veteran American railroad engineer James H. Gildea was hired to oversee the project. The most serious obstacle to building the rail line was the Persian Gulf shallows at Dammam. To allow deep draft vessels to unload, a rail causeway of approximately seven miles was built out into the Persian Gulf with the first five miles a rock causeway and the last couple of miles a section made of a steel trestle. One of the first vessels to unload was in 1950, a Dutch freighter with a load of rails for construction of the rail line. The first trains started moving between Dammam and Riyadh in the early 1950s.
Upgrade.
There is an upgrade ongoing, where bridges replace level crossings and a bypass of the centre city of Hofuf. This shall allow 200 km/h speed.
Stations.
There are four stations along the route:
The current passenger stations at Dammam, Hufuf and Riyadh were designed by Lucio Barbera and designed and built between 1978 and 1980. They were opened for public service in 1981. The terminus stations in Dammam and Riyadh are extremely similar and consist of a rectangular hall of three naves separated by two lines of pillars along the ends of the tracks and two wings at the ends of the main hall along the outer tracks. The design is based on the layout of some mosques along the Mediterranean Sea, where the prayer hall is located at one side of a court with lesser wings along the sides of the court. The style and decoration of the buildings uses elements such as triangular openings to construct windows and arcades and parapets with rectangular steps. This somewhat reminds of Nejd architecture but is also common in other Arab architecture. The station building in Hufuf lies to the east of the through line along one side. The decoration is very similar to the other two stations though.
Technology.
Rail.
Rails of the type C.W.R UIC 60 are used.
Signaling system.
In 2007, the Saudi Railways Organization (SRO) contracted a consortium made up of Siemens Transportation Systems and the Saudi Arabian Nour Communications Company to modernize both Line 1 and Line 2 of the existing Saudi Rail network. The line will be equipped with signalling technology including an electronic interlocking as core of the installation and Trainguard 100 for ETCS Level 1. GSM-Railway (GSM-R) mobile radio technology will be used for communications on the entire rail network.
Rolling stock.
Spanish manufacturer CAF has in delivered 2012 delivered eight fast diesel locomotives, with five cars and one driver car for each locomotive. They are used on the Dammam–Riyadh Line. During 2013 the travel time is 4:15 but there is a target of 3:00 for the future.

</doc>
<doc id="18371018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371018" title="Chilean submarine Hyatt (S23)">
Chilean submarine Hyatt (S23)

The Chilean submarine "Hyatt" (S23) was an "Oberon"-class submarine in the Chilean Navy, originally launched as HMS "Condell". She was the second Chilean ship to bear the name "Hyatt", the first being a British-built . "Hyatt" was in service from the mid-1970s until the late 1990s, but was replaced (along with her sister ship "O'Brien") by the newer Thomson-class submarines "Thomson" (SS-20) and "Simpson" (SS-21).
In 2003, "Hyatt" was sold, exported and scrapped at Puerto General San Martin near Pisco, Peru. This attracted some attention due to poor environmental processes during ship breaking at the site.
"Hyatt" is named for the American-born engineer Edward Hyatt, who died while serving on a Chilean warship during the Battle of Iquique.

</doc>
<doc id="18371019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371019" title="Joseph John O'Connell">
Joseph John O'Connell

Joseph John O'Connell, 1st, was an electrical engineer and inventor. He worked for the Chicago Telephone Company (which began as the Chicago Bell Telephone, Co. in 1878 ) in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. He had many inventions including the circuit breaker and the coin return. He also created the "invisible wire" which was the first time more than one telephone conversation could occur on the same wire. Reference to some additional inventions are mentioned in Angus Hibbard's autobiography, "Hello- Goodbye" including an electric lamp as a signal in a burglar-alarm operated by the telephone company in 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="18371022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371022" title="Järve">
Järve

Järve may refer to several places in Estonia:

</doc>
<doc id="18371034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371034" title="List of Arkansas Razorbacks in the NFL Draft">
List of Arkansas Razorbacks in the NFL Draft

The National Football League (NFL) have drafted 260 players who had played for the University of Arkansas Razorbacks since the league began holding drafts in 1936. The Razorbacks' highest draft position was second overall in 1954, when Lamar McHan was selected by the Chicago Cardinals. Arkansas' first drafted player in the NFL was Jack Robbins, who was the fifth overall pick by the Chicago Cardinals in 1938. Four former players were selected from the latest NFL draft: Knile Davis, Tyler Wilson, Cobi Hamilton, and Chris Gragg.
Each NFL franchise seeks to add new players through the annual NFL Draft. The team with the worst record the previous year picks first, the next-worst team second, and so on. Teams that did not make the playoffs are ordered by their regular-season record, with any remaining ties broken by strength of schedule. Playoff participants are sequenced after non-playoff teams, based on their round of elimination (wild card, division, conference, and Super Bowl).
Before the AFL–NFL merger agreements in 1966, the American Football League (AFL) operated in direct competition with the NFL and held a separate draft. This led to a massive bidding war over top prospects between the two leagues. As part of the merger agreement on June 8, 1966, the two leagues would hold a multiple round "Common Draft". Once the AFL officially merged with the NFL in 1970, the "Common Draft" simply became the NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="18371042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371042" title="Big Baldy Mountain (Vancouver Island, British Columbia)">
Big Baldy Mountain (Vancouver Island, British Columbia)

Big Baldy Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located west of Gold River and southeast of Mount Bate.

</doc>
<doc id="18371059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371059" title="Pizza al taglio">
Pizza al taglio

Pizza al taglio or pizza al trancio (Italian for pizza by the slice — literally "by the cut") is a variety of pizza baked in large rectangular trays, and generally sold in rectangular or square slices by weight, with prices marked per kilogram or per 100 grams. This type of pizza was invented in Rome, Italy, and is common throughout Italy. Many variations and styles of Pizza al taglio exist, and the dish is available in other areas of the world in addition to Italy.
Preparation.
In the most traditional Italian pizza al taglio 'parlours' or outlets, such as "pizzerie" and bakeries, the pizza is often cooked in a wood-fired oven. In today's establishments, electric ovens are also often used. The concept is similar to what is known as fast food in Western cultures. The main emphasis may not be upon the visual aspect of the pizza. Rather, the taste of the product and convenience of the process may be a priority. The rectangular pizza shape makes it easier to cut and divide the pizza to the buyer's desire, which is often distinguished by weight.
Varieties.
The simplest varieties include "pizza Margherita" (tomato sauce and cheese), "pizza bianca" (olive oil, rosemary and garlic), and "pizza rossa" (tomato sauce only). Other typical toppings include artichokes, asparagus, eggplant, ground meat and onions, potatoes, prosciutto, salami, sausage, ground truffles, zucchini, olive oil sun-dried tomatoes, rocket, gorgonzola, anchovies, and black olives.
By region.
Pizza al taglio was invented in Rome, Italy. It's a popular casual food in Italy, Argentina and Malta, where for many years it has been a common way for people to grab a quick snack or meal. The dish is often eaten as a takeaway dish that is eaten outside of restaurants where it is served, such as in a piazza. It has started to catch on in many other countries with differences in the styles of crusts, and toppings, suiting their own cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="18371071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371071" title="Kostivere">
Kostivere

Kostivere is a small borough ("") in Jõelähtme Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18371083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371083" title="Walter Kaitz Foundation">
Walter Kaitz Foundation

The Walter Kaitz Foundation is a not-for-profit organization that promotes inclusion and participation of women and people of color in the cable telecommunications industry. 
The foundation raises funds from cable industry participants and disburses them through three independent not-for-profit organizations: The Emma L. Bowen Foundation, which prepares minority youth for careers in the media industry; the National Association for Multi-Ethnicity in Cable, which helps people of color identify mentors and advance their careers; and Women in Cable & Telecommunications, which provides career guidance and training for women in the communications field. In 2008, the Foundation announced it awarded more than $1.5 million dollars to the three organizations. 
Much of the funding for the Walter Kaitz Foundation comes from an annual dinner the organization presents to celebrate Diversity Week, a series of meetings and events sponsored by cable industry organizations in New York City. The dinner honors individuals from within and outside of the cable industry who have demonstrated a commitment to diversity.
History.
The foundation was established in 1980 in honor of Walter Kaitz, a Russian immigrant who was president of the California Cable Television Association (CCTA) from the early 1960s until his death in 1979. Kaitz graduated from Harvard University after attending on a scholarship for newspaper carriers, and later graduated from the University of California Boalt Law School. He was a vocal advocate of equal opportunities for individuals in business. His son, Spencer Kaitz, succeeded the elder Kaitz as President of the CCTA, and started The Walter Kaitz Foundation after receiving contributions in his father’s honor from industry colleagues.
Activities.
In addition to raising and distributing funding to not-for-profit organizations, The Walter Kaitz Foundation presents seminars and conferences designed to assist minority- and women-owned business enterprises (MWBEs) in doing business in the cable telecommunications industry.
Organization.
With offices in Washington, D.C., the Walter Kaitz Foundation is co-located with the National Cable & Telecommunications Association, a cable industry public affairs organization. The foundation’s executive director is David Porter, who was previously Director of Graduate Programs for the Howard University School of Business from 2003 – 2006, and before that, was an assistant professor at the UCLA Anderson School.
Annual Dinner.
The foundation’s Annual Dinner, held in September in New York City, is a premiere social event for the cable industry, attracting top-level executives and industry professionals. The dinner raises funding for the Walter Kaitz Foundation and the organizations it supports.
See also.
Spencer Kaitz Oral History, The Cable Center, - The Oral History of Spencer Kaitz

</doc>
<doc id="18371085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371085" title="Franz Benque">
Franz Benque

Franz Benque (March 12, 1841 – March 30, 1921), known in Brazil as Francisco Benque, was a German photographer.
Son of a professor, Benque was born in Ludwigslust, nowadays a city located in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, northern Germany. He received lessons of photography from C.C. Hersen before moving to the then Austrian city Trieste in 1864, where he opened a studio in partnership with the Italian watchmaker Guglielmo Sebastianutti (1825-1881), marrying Sebastianutti' stepdaughter, Isabella, in 1868.
Despite being recognized by the local press and specialized organizations, receiving - among other things - a silver medal in the World Fair of Paris in 1867, Benque returned to Germany in 1869 and opened a studio with his cousin Conrad Kindermann in Hamburg.
One year later, in 1870, immigrated with his family to Brazil. With Alberto Henschel (1827-1882), a German from Berlin that migrated to Brazil in 1866, owner of the company "Photographia Allemã" ("German Photography") with studios in Bahia and Pernambuco, Benque established the partnership "Henschel & Benque Photographia Allemã" that would become one of the most renowned Brazilian photography houses in that time.
In 1878 Benque returned to Trieste and continued to work with Sebastianutti. In 1903 he moved to the Austrian city of Villach, where he died in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="18371095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371095" title="Chilean submarine O'Brien (S22)">
Chilean submarine O'Brien (S22)

The Chilean submarine" O'Brien" (S22) was an "Oberon"-class submarine in the Chilean Navy. Unlike her sister ship "Hyatt", "O'Brien" was built new for the Chilean Navy. She was in service from the mid-1970s until the mid-2000s, but both she and "Hyatt" were replaced by the newer Thomson-class submarines "Thomson" (SS-20) and "Simpson" (SS-21).
Her namesake was John Thomond O'Brien (1786-1861), the Irish-born liberator of Chile and Argentina .
Now is permanently docked in the Chilean city of Valdivia.

</doc>
<doc id="18371102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371102" title="Kiiu">
Kiiu

Kiiu is a small borough () in Kuusalu Parish, Harju County, northern Estonia. It has a population of 881 (as of 1 January 2010).
Kiiu Tower.
Kiiu () tower is a medieval defensive tower house of a type found also elsewhere in the Baltic region and sometimes referred to as a "vassal castle". This type of fortification was not intended to be used in any major military operations. Other examples in Estonia include Vao tower and Purtse Castle.
Kiiu tower was probably built around 1520 by the local lord of the manor Fabian von Tiesenhausen. Originally the tower was surrounded by a limestone wall and outbuildings, forming a courtyard. The tower itself is conical and four storeys high. Only the second storey was intended to be used as living quarters in times of war or unrest. On this floor, a bed alcove is found in the wall, as well as a fireplace and latrine which are also present on the other storeys. All the other storeys had purely defensive purposes, including embrasures of 11 different shapes, and were connected by a spiral staircase running through the thick wall. The reconstructed hoarding that surrounds the third storey is unique in Estonia.
The tower was damaged during the Livonian War and subsequently used as an outbuilding for the local manor house. In 1973 the tower was restored under the guidance of well-known art historian Villem Raam.

</doc>
<doc id="18371108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371108" title="Iron Mountain (Florida)">
Iron Mountain (Florida)

Iron Mountain is one of the highest points in peninsular Florida, USA and a prominent point of the Lake Wales Ridge. The mountain contains citronelle, a hematite-containing rock that oxidizes when exposed to air and is responsible for the red-brown color of the earth. The ridge is located just north of the city of Lake Wales. The tower of the famous tourist attraction Bok Tower Gardens is built on the summit. It is above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="18371112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371112" title="Valkla">
Valkla

Valkla is a settlement in Kuusalu Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18371131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371131" title="Randvere, Harju County">
Randvere, Harju County

Randvere is a village in Viimsi Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located about northeast of the centre of Tallinn, on the coast of Muuga Bay, northwest of the Port of Muuga. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 1,690.
Randvere was first mentioned in 1397. During the Middle Ages Randvere was settled by Coastal Swedes and belonged under the Maardu Manor (located in Maardu village). 1848–1852 Randvere Lutheran Church was built. 
Famous Estonian minstrel Mari Kilu (1853–1947) was born and lived in Randvere.
Randvere is connected to the centre of Tallinn by Tallinn Bus Company's route nr. 38 (Viru keskus – Muuga), average traveling time is about 30 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18371132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371132" title="Woss Mountain">
Woss Mountain

Woss Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located south of Woss and north of Mount McKelvie.

</doc>
<doc id="18371150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371150" title="Al-Gawhara Palace">
Al-Gawhara Palace

Al-Gawhara Palace ("Qasr al-Gawhara"), also known as Bijou Palace, is a palace and museum in Cairo, Egypt. The palace is situated south of the Mosque of Muhammad Ali in the Cairo Citadel. It was commissioned by Mohammed Ali Pasha in 1814. 
The palace designed and constructed by artisans contracted from a variety of countries, including Greeks, Turks, Bulgarians and Albanians. The artisans constructed a variety of elements as part of the palace complex: "barracks, schools, an arsenal, a gun-powder factory and a mint." The palace was constructed as a two-storey pavilion in the style of a Turkish "kushk". It has Western style windows which were often topped with an oval oeil-de-boeuf. The French architect and engineer Pascal Coste was employed to add the residential quarters for the palace servants and functionaries. On one side of the palace was a "haush" (courtyard) and on the other, were views of the pyramids and the Nile.
In 1822, a fire destroyed the palace's wooden construction in a blaze that lasted for 2 days. Later, Mohamed Ali had the structure expanded and elaborated upon with the construction of "a large marble fountain, columned stone terraces and porticoes, parterres of flower beds and orange groves, and even a menagerie containing a lion, two tigers and an elephant, a gift of the British Lord Hastings."
Two years later, in 1824, fire again damaged the palace after explosions of gunpowder. Mohamed Ali imported large slabs of marble from Italy to build a vestibule, staircase and corridors.
In 1825, English traveller Anne Catherine Elwood described the opulence of the palace, and in particular its grand room that could "offer dancing, had deep niches for conversation, and side rooms for music, reading, games and refreshment."
Mohamed Ali's official "divan" or audience hall, where the pasha received guests, contains a 1000kg chandelier sent to him by Louis-Philippe I of France.
Some of the paintings in the Pasha hall of the palace portray the receiving of foreign ambassadors.
The palace also contains the throne of Mohammed Ali Pasha that was a gift from the King of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18371155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371155" title="Aniello Desiderio">
Aniello Desiderio

Aniello Desiderio (born 1971 in Naples) is an Italian virtuoso classical guitarist.
Desiderio began playing at a very young age. He attended interpretation exercises by the Cuban composer Leo Brouwer. To date he has won 18 first International Awards in both national and international competitions, including:
He has played in concerts in Norway, Canada, Germany, Croatia, United States, Turkey, Romania, Austria, Spain, Greece, Mexico, Indonesia, Luxembourg, Brasil, France, Slovenia, Switzerland, Denmark, Colombia, Poland, Venezuela, Portugal, Georgia, Russia. South Korea and Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="18371160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371160" title="Gustav Tauschek">
Gustav Tauschek

Gustav Tauschek (April 29, 1899, Vienna, Austria – February 14, 1945, Zürich, Switzerland) was an Austrian pioneer of Information technology and developed numerous improvements for punched card-based calculating machines from 1922 to 1945.
Biography.
During the years 1926 – 1930 he worked for the 
Rheinische Metallwaren- und Maschinenfabrik (Rheinmetall) in Sömmerda, Germany, where he developed a complete punched card-based accounting system, which was never mass-produced. The prototype of that system is currently stored in the archives of the Vienna Technical Museum. 
In the spring of 1928, Rheinmetall created a subsidiary company that was assigned to develop new punched card-based machines. In the fall of the same year, the subsidiary was bought by IBM, thereby assuring its monopoly on the market. Tauschek was awarded a five-year contract and sold 169 patents to IBM in his lifetime.
Gustav Tauschek died of an embolism on February 14, 1945 in a hospital in Zürich, Switzerland.
Literature.
Martin Helfert, Petra Mazuran, Christoph M. Wintersteiger: "Gustav Tauschek und seine Maschinen", Linz: Trauner, 2007, in German. (Schriftenreihe Geschichte der Naturwissenschaften und der Technik; Bd. 10) ISBN 978-3-85499-062-8
Martin Helfert, Christoph M. Wintersteiger: "Gustav Tauschek's Punchcard Accounting Machines", Proceedings of the Workshop on Methodic and Didactic Challenges of the History of Informatics (MEDICHI 2007), OCG 220, Austrian Computer Society, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18371162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371162" title="Historic Live Tuna">
Historic Live Tuna

Historic Live Tuna is a Hot Tuna album released in 1985 with side A containing some previously unreleased tracks from a live acoustic performance played on KSAN radio in 1971 and with side B containing some previously unreleased live material from a live electric performance in 1971 recorded at the Fillmore West auditorium in San Francisco. The album was Hot Tuna's second release on Relix Records, and would be their last release until after the 1989 Jefferson Airplane reunion tour and reunion album, when they were signed to Epic Records for a short time before returning to Relix.
In 1996 the A-side of "Historic Live Tuna" was expanded and released as the CD "Classic Hot Tuna Acoustic", and the B-side was expanded and released as the CD "Classic Hot Tuna Electric".
Another song from the Fillmore West concert, "Keep Your Lamps Trimmed and Burning", was included in the album "".

</doc>
<doc id="18371168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371168" title="Papyrus 72">
Papyrus 72

Papyrus 72 (formula_172, "Papyrus Bodmer VII-IX") is an early New Testament papyrus. It contains all the text of 1 Peter, 2 Peter, and Jude. Paleographically it had been assigned to the 3rd or 4th century. 
Description.
It is the earliest known manuscript of these epistles', though a few verses of Jude are in a fragment formula_178 (P. Oxy. 2684). 
This document contains also the "Nativity of Mary", the apocryphal correspondence of Paul to the Corinthians, the eleventh ode of Solomon, Melito's Homily on the Passover, a fragment of a hymn, the Apology of Phileas, and Psalm 33 and 34. Written on 72 leaves (14.5 cm, by 16 cm), in 16-20 lines per page. The manuscript is written by a documentary hand. 
The nomina sacra are written with abbreviations.
Text.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. According to Aland in 1-2 Peter it has normal text, in Jude free text, both with certain peculiarities. Aland placed it into I Category. It is close to the Codex Vaticanus and Codex Alexandrinus. 
Currently it is housed at the Vatican Library (P. Bodmer VIII) at Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="18371179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371179" title="Püünsi">
Püünsi

Püünsi is a village in Viimsi Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia. It's located about northeast of the centre of Tallinn, situated just north of the village of Pringi before Rohuneeme, on the eastern coast of Tallinn Bay. Püünsi has a population of 1,234 (as of 1 January 2011).
On 10 August 2005 a Copterline helicopter on Tallinn–Helsinki route crashed about 3 km west of Püünsi into the Tallinn Bay. All 14 people on the helicopter died.

</doc>
<doc id="18371194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371194" title="Mahala Andrews">
Mahala Andrews

Mahala Andrews was a palaeontologist who worked for the National Museum of Scotland. During her career, Andrews wrote many studies on the prehistoric lobe-finned fish "Onychodus". She was a Christian and died on the Scottish island of Iona

</doc>
<doc id="18371209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371209" title="ANK2">
ANK2

Ankyrin 2, neuronal, also known as ANK2, is a protein which in humans is encoded by the "ANK2" gene.
Function.
The protein encoded by this gene is required for targeting and stability of Na+/Ca++ exchanger 1 in cardiomyocytes. Mutations in this gene cause long QT syndrome 4. Multiple transcript variants encoding different isoforms have been described.
Ankyrin family.
The protein encoded by the ANK2 gene is a member of the ankyrin family of proteins that link the integral membrane proteins to the underlying spectrin-actin cytoskeleton. Ankyrins play key roles in activities such as cell motility, activation, proliferation, contact and the maintenance of specialized membrane domains. Most ankyrins are typically composed of three structural domains: an amino-terminal domain containing multiple ankyrin repeats; a central region with a highly conserved spectrin binding domain; and a carboxy-terminal regulatory domain which is the least conserved and subject to variation.

</doc>
<doc id="18371236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371236" title="Black Cobra">
Black Cobra

Black Cobra is a type of Cobra found in Pakistan and India, but may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18371244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371244" title="Ayana (disambiguation)">
Ayana (disambiguation)

Ayana (full name unknown) is a female Japanese singer-songwriter.
Ayana may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18371245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371245" title="Mount Elliott (British Columbia)">
Mount Elliott (British Columbia)

Mount Elliott is an isolated mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of Woss and northwest of Mount Abel. It contains a high treeline and minimal alpine terrain.

</doc>
<doc id="18371247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371247" title="WinUSB">
WinUSB

WinUSB is a generic USB driver provided by Microsoft, for their operating systems starting with Windows Vista but which is also available for Windows XP. It is aimed at simple devices that are accessed by only one application at a time (for example instruments like weather stations, devices that only need a diagnostic connection or for firmware upgrades). It enables the application to directly access the device through a simple software library. The library provides access to the pipes of the device. WinUSB exposes a client API that enables developers to work with USB devices from user-mode. Starting with Windows 7, USB MTP devices use WinUSB instead of the kernel mode filter driver.
Other solutions.
One solution is the use of a predefined USB device class. Operating systems provide built-in drivers for some of them. The most widely used device class for embedded devices is the USB communications device class (CDC). A CDC device can appear as a virtual serial port to simplify the use of a new device for older applications.
If the previous solutions are inappropriate, one can write a custom driver. For newer versions of Microsoft Windows, it can be done using the Windows Driver Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="18371268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371268" title="Derwent Mouth">
Derwent Mouth

Derwent Mouth is a location on the River Trent, which at that point forms the border between the English counties of Derbyshire and Leicestershire. It is both the confluence of the River Derwent with the River Trent, and the point at which the Trent and Mersey Canal joins the natural River Trent.
Derwent Mouth is situated some east of Shardlow, and west of Trent Lock, where the navigable River Soar and Erewash Canal join the River Trent. It is about south-west of the centre of the city of Nottingham, and south-east of central Derby.
The River Trent is navigable, with the aid of locks, downstream of Derwent Mouth as far as the Humber Estuary. The Trent itself is also navigable for a short distance upstream, but most river traffic enters the parallel Trent and Mersey Canal, which provides connections to the River Mersey and the canal networks of the West Midlands region. The River Derwent is not navigable.
Long Horse Bridge.
Long Horse Bridge was originally a wooden bridge that crossed the Trent at Derwent mouth to take the tow path across the river so that horses hauling the barges down the Trent & Mersey could continue along the southern bank of the Trent navigation and vice-versa for boats travelling up the river.
Following a thaw in 1893, the bridge collapsed when blocks of ice carried down by the river shattered the supporting legs. Bargees who had been ensnared by the frozen conditions attempted to protect the bridge by adding heavy loads, and by fending off the ice floes. When the bridge finally gave way, James Thompson ended up on afloat on the ice, and was washed downstream, but he later reached the riverbank unharmed. The wooden bridge was reconstructed after this incident.
In 1932 the Trent Navigation company rebuilt the wooden crossing at the same location using reinforced concrete. After 70 years the bridge was suffering from severe concrete degradation, and was subsequently closed in 2002 due to safety issues, and demolished a year later.
Rather than reinstate a similar bridge, it was decided to construct a wider multi-user crossing at a location some 140m upstream from Derwent Mouth. The main section of the new bridge was hoisted into position in September 2011 using large cranes, with the bridge opening in November the same year. The project to build the 60 tonne bridge which has a span of 52m (170 ft), cost £1.4 million.
The crossing resolved a number of problems for walkers, cyclists and horse riders in that it allows the Midshires bridleway to cross the Trent and also restores the tow-path link between Shardlow and Sawley a route that previously required a detour via Cavendish Bridge. The diversion and loss of the bridge being one of the access issues identified as part of the study into the viability of the western extension of the Trent Valley Way, which begins nearby at Trent Lock. The bridge also provides a connection between the Trent Valley footpath and the Derwent Valley Heritage Way, which ends at Derwent Mouth.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="18371317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371317" title="Norled">
Norled

Norled (earlier Tide Sjø AS) is a Norwegian shipping company responsible for the groups ferry transport. Tide operates automobile ferries and fast ferries in Rogaland, Hordaland, Sunnmøre and Trondheimfjord on contract with the Norwegian Public Roads Administration, Kolumbus and Skyss. The company operates 45 car ferries, 17 fast ferries and one water bus.
The name Tide Sjø was first used by HSD Sjø AS after Hardanger Sunnhordlandske Dampskipsselskap had merged with Gaia Trafikk. In 2007 Tide Sjø merged with Stavangerske, its subsidiary Fjordservice and the Tide–Stavangerske joint venture Nor-Ferjer. After fissioning from Tide in December 2011, the company changed the name to Norled on 1 January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18371362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371362" title="Abbey Silverstone">
Abbey Silverstone

Abbey Silverstone is a very early member of the computer development family with a 50-year career in the computer industry that included time as Co-founder and VP of operations of Silicon Graphics (SGI).
Silverstone has a BS in Industrial Administration from the University of Illinois where, as a student, he worked with the IBM 650 in the registration and grading process. After a successful athletic fencing career which included three years as an all-American and representation of Canada internationally, he relocated to California. In 1973, while at Xerox Corp., he played an important role in the development of, and production of, the first corporate networked office. This Xerox (PARC) developed network included the first personal computers (Alto), the first high speed monochrome laser printers, the first color laser printer, and the first Ethernet-based corporate-wide electronic network. In 1977, a complete network modeled on the Xerox network was installed in President Jimmy Carter’s White House.
In 1981, Mr Silverstone provided Xerox with the packaging design for the first commercial workstation the Xerox Star 8010. In 1982 Jim Clark and Silverstone, along with some graduate students from Stanford University, founded Silicon Graphics. Mr Silverstone provided and managed the Operations Division until 1988 when he began a consulting career.
Silverstone became President and Chief Executive Officer of Netsol Technologies in 1999.
In 2000, he assumed the CEO role with Multacom, a trans-pacific telecommunications company which connected Mainland China, the USA and Taiwan.
He has served on several boards in the USA and China. While maintaining his interest in technology he is now a semi-retired advisor to newly formed companies.

</doc>
<doc id="18371369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371369" title="1966 Buenos Aires Grand Prix">
1966 Buenos Aires Grand Prix

Results from the 1966 Buenos Aires Grand Prix held at Buenos Aires on January 23, 1966, in the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez.The race was the first race for the XV Temporada Argentina.
Second race.
Results from the 1966 Buenos Aires Grand Prix held at Buenos Aires on January 23, 1966, in the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez.The race was the first race for the XV Temporada Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18371418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371418" title="Edda Award for Best Film">
Edda Award for Best Film

Best Film ("Bíómynd ársins" in Icelandic) is the main category of Edda Award, and it has been given annually since 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18371432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371432" title="Dagami Revolt">
Dagami Revolt

The Dagami Revolt was a revolt against Spanish colonial rule in the Philippines. It was led by the Chief Dagami of Gabi (now part of Cordova).
The revolt actually began in 1565, but is sometimes dated as 1567, the year of Dagami's execution.
On May 22, 1565, a party of 16 led by Chief Dagami and four other chiefs hid themselves outside of the stockaded Spanish settlement in Cebu, intending to kill some Spaniards. At dawn of the following day, May 23, Pedro de Arana, a member of the personal company of Spanish Governor Miguel López de Legazpi, came out of the fort alone. As he walked along the beach near the war party, they speared him and cut off his head. They returned to Gabi and made a great celebration and feast with it. The murder went unsolved at the time, and Dagami continued as Chief of Gabi and continued to foment revolt.
In December of 1566, after two Spaniards were killed and three others nearly died inside the fort after drinking poisoned wine purchased from Cebuana wine-sellers, Legazpi sent for Rajah Tupas and his fellow datus, accusing that some of them were behind the killings. The chiefs protested their innocence, and Legazpi told them that their guilt could only be absolved by handing over the culprits. The following day, Tupas handed over two women who, under torture, implicated two others. Three of the four were sentenced to flogging and deportation, and the fourth sentenced to death. The condemned woman was executed and her body was drawn and quartered, with the pieces of the body displayed along the road between the Cebuano settlement and the Spanish fort. The following day, Tupas betrayed Dagami to Legazpi.
Dagami was condemned to be drawn and quartered the next day in the place where Pedro de Arana had been killed. Dagami's head was displayed on a pole in that place and the four quarters of his body were displayed on poled along the beach. After this was carried out, Tupas lauded Dagami as having been among proudest in the islands, and said that when they were thinking of making peace with the Spaniards in 1565 had advised him not to make peace, had hindered him from doing that and that after the signing of the Treaty of Cebu, Dagami continued to be rebellious against the Spaniards and in favor of revolts and war, and that the governor had given him his just deserts.

</doc>
<doc id="18371438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371438" title="Nicholas Jonas (album)">
Nicholas Jonas (album)

Nicholas Jonas is the self-titled debut solo album from American singer/songwriter Nick Jonas, and the first album by Nick without the Jonas Brothers. It was originally scheduled to be released in December 2004, but it was pushed back several times. It later received a limited release on September 5, 2005. 
Background.
The album featured earlier cuts of later Jonas Brothers songs such as "Time for Me to Fly" and "When You Look Me in the Eyes", and it also featured a cover of the Steve Winwood hit "Higher Love". The song "Crazy Kinda Crush" was featured on the show "Darcy's Wild Life". After the Jonas Brothers were signed as an act to Daylight/Columbia Records in 2005, Nick put his solo career on hold. They released their first album, "It's About Time", on August 8, 2006. The song "Time for Me to Fly" was also used in the credits of the movie "Aquamarine" starring Emma Roberts, JoJo, and Sara Paxton.
Singles.
Two singles, "Dear God" and "Joy to the World (A Christmas Prayer)", were released in Fall 2004. Both songs were popular on Christian radio stations, but never gained the attention of mainstream radio. 
With an unknow release date Time For Me To Fly Was released as an promotional single in 2004.
Notes.
- Joe Jonas and Kevin Jonas is featured on some of the songs, like "When You Look Me in the Eyes" and "Please Be Mine"

</doc>
<doc id="18371500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371500" title="Walter R. Gross">
Walter R. Gross

Walter R. Gross (1903-1974) was a German palaeontologist. During his career, Gross made important studies on prehistoric fishes.

</doc>
<doc id="18371524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371524" title="Paul Pavlovich">
Paul Pavlovich

Paul Pavlovich (born March 3, 1970) is an American artist, graphic designer, and musician. Currently living in St. Petersburg, Florida, he is best known as the first lead singer for the legendary anarchist grindcore band Assück which he co-founded in 1987. In October 2008 IGN Entertainment named Pavlovich one of the '10 Best Death Metal Singers' stating "In terms of the guys doing the deeper or what some fans call "guttural" vocal style, Pavlovich is in an elite class."
Visual Art Career.
Since his departure from the band in 1992, Pavlovich shifted his attention to visual art and design. After graduating from the Ringling School of Art and Design in 1994, Pavlovich spent a period of time in New York City developing his unique system of painting and image making. During his short residence in the Park Slope neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York Pavlovich spent several months rehearsing with the band Cattle Press (Hydra Head Records).
Pavlovich returned to the Tampa Bay Area with a developed body of artwork which he began showing in group shows. In 2002 Pavlovich was selected to show several works at the Tampa Museum of Art. In 2004 Pavlovich was approached by curator Timothy Warner of the Covivant Gallery in Tampa who was interested in organizing Pavlovich's first solo exhibit of work entitled "Temporary Past Life" which received praise from national and local media.
Pavlovich continues his visual work which has been widely seen in both print and web-media.
Music Career (post-Assuck).
In late 2004 Pavlovich was asked by long time friend and guitarist Sam Williams (Down By Law, Pseudo Heros) to contribute vocals to a recording project called "Track the Curse".
In 2006 the album "The New Land" was released by the Tennessee label Spins Good Records.
Exitsect.
Paul is currently playing with Exitsect, a band which also features Sam Williams, along with Frank Watkins (Obituary, Gorgoroth), Greg Gall (Six Feet Under) and Joe Kiser (Murder-Suicide Pact, Slap Of Reality Paineater).

</doc>
<doc id="18371535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371535" title="Maxine D. Brown">
Maxine D. Brown

Maxine D. Brown is an American computer scientist and associate director of the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC). Along with Tom DeFanti and Bruce McCormick, she co-edited the 1987 NSF report, "Visualization in Scientific Computing", which defined the field of scientific visualization.
Biography.
Brown holds a B.A. in Mathematics from Temple University and an M.S. in Computer Science from the University of Pennsylvania.
Prior to coming to the University of Illinois at Chicago in 1986, Brown was a professional communications consultant specializing in technical communications for the computer graphics industry. Until October 1983, she was Director of Documentation at Digital Productions. She was formerly with ISSCO Graphics, a supplier of data representation graphics software, working in the documentation, development, and marketing areas. She has also worked at Hewlett-Packard, in both their research and development groups and in marketing. In the 1987 she became associate director of the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) at the University of Illinois at Chicago, responsible for the funding, documentation, and promotion of its research activities. She works closely with EVL's collaborators at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA) at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and the Mathematics and Computer Science Division at Argonne National Laboratory to coordinate research activities.
Brown is also a Steering Committee member of the Pacific Rim Applications and Grid Middleware Assembly (PRAGMA), a founding member of GLIF, the Global Lambda Integrated Facility, a global group that manages international switched wavelength networks for research and education, and co-chair (with Larry Smarr) of the GLIF Research & Applications (RAP) working group. Brown has also served co-chair of international grid (iGrid) demonstrations, notably iGrid 1998 at SC.98 in Orlando, Florida; iGrid 2000 at INET in Yokohama, Japan; iGrid 2002 in Amsterdam, The Netherlands; and, iGrid 2005 in San Diego, California.
Maxine Brown was a recipient of the 1990 UIC Chancellor's Academic Professional Excellence (CAPE) award, and the recipient of the 1998 SIGGRAPH Outstanding Service Award. and the 2001 UIC Merit Award.
Publications.
Brown has authored numerous articles and papers. A selection:

</doc>
<doc id="18371541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371541" title="Moya Dyring">
Moya Dyring

Moya Dyring (10 February 1909 - 4 January 1967) was an Australian artist. She was one of the first women artists to exhibit cubist painting in Melbourne.
Moya Clare Drying was born in Coburg, Victoria in 1909, the third child of Carl Peter Wilhelm Dyring, medical practitioner, and his second wife Dagmar Alexandra Esther, née Cohn, both Victorian born. The family moved to Brighton in 1920. Moya was educated (1917–27) at Firbank Church of England Girls' Grammar School, Brighton. After visiting Paris in 1928, she studied at the National Gallery of Victoria Art School, Melbourne from 1929 to 1932. where she met her future husband Sam Atyeo. After NGV, Moya studied under George Bell in the Bourke Street Studio School in Melbourne, who and Sam Atyeo, encouraged her to experiment with modernism. Sunday Reed also studied at Bell's School at the time.
For several months in 1937 she took charge of Heide, the home and garden of the art patrons John and Sunday Reed, at Bulleen, a suburb of Melbourne. Dyring's husband, Sam Atyeo, had an affair with Sunday Reed and later Dyring had an affair with Sunday's husband John. She had a successful solo exhibition at Riddell Gallery in Melbourne in June 1937. 
In August 1937, Dying embarked for Panama, then travelled to New York. She disliked the work of contemporary American artists and sailed for France. In 1938 she was based in Paris, taking advantage of Atyeo's contacts within the avant-garde. She studied at the Académie Colarossi, the Académie de la Grande Chaumière and with Andre Lhote.
In 1939, she and Atyeo set up house on a farm in Vence, France. Atyeo accepted a commission in Domenica, and left Dyring in Vence. At the outbreak of war she was evacuated back to Australia. She travelled to Dominica where she married Atyeo. However, they were not happy and divorced in 1950. She returned to Australia every three years until 1963.
Two of her earliest works, "Melanctha", 1934, a small cubist work, and "Portrait of Sunday Reed", 1934, are part of the permanent collection at the Heide Museum of Modern Art. She is also represented in the National Gallery of Australia, Canberra.

</doc>
<doc id="18371543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371543" title="1985 1000 km of Fuji">
1985 1000 km of Fuji

The 1985 Fuji 1000 Kilometres was the ninth round of the 1985 World Endurance Championship as well as the fifth round of the 1985 All Japan Endurance Championship. It took place at the Fuji Speedway, Japan on October 6, 1985.
Rain.
Prior to the start of the race, heavy rain fell on the Fuji circuit. Several racing teams were concerned with the safety of the circuit under such conditions, even leading to the Italiya Lancia withdrawing just prior to the warm-up laps. Although the race started, the first ten laps were held under caution in order for the drivers to adapt to the wet circuit. Three teams chose to immediately withdraw before the first lap was even completed, including the two Rothmans Porsches. Within the next several laps, both Tom Walkinshaw Jaguars also returned to the pits to withdraw. The first Japanese squad to withdraw after the race began was the Alpha Cubic Porsche, stopping after only six laps, and followed two laps later by both Mazdas. By time caution was withdrawn at the beginning of the eleventh lap, fifteen cars had already returned to the pits to withdraw. They were joined a lap later by the Bartlett Chevron, the last remaining European entry.
Eighteen cars remained in the event, all Japanese squads. The torrential rain continued however, and after two hours of racing, the organisers chose to end the event after completing only a fourth of the scheduled distance. As the race was shortened, half points were awarded in the Teams Championship, as well as the Drivers Championship, but only to those drivers who had actually had a chance to drive during the race.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="18371575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371575" title="Dmitry Bykov (ice hockey)">
Dmitry Bykov (ice hockey)

Dmitry Vyacheslavovich Bykov (born May 5, 1977) is a Russian ice hockey defenceman, currently playing for Metallurg Magnitogorsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
Playing career.
Bykov has played one season in the NHL, the 2002–03 season with the Detroit Red Wings. In 71 games, he scored two goals and 10 assists for 12 points, with 43 penalty minutes. Bykov and Red Wings management had an agreement where Bykov could opt to return to Russia after the sole season, which he did.

</doc>
<doc id="18371610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371610" title="Senja Rutebil">
Senja Rutebil

Senja Rutebil AS is a bus company based on the island of Senja and in Finnsnes, Norway. Founded in 1935 the company operates 36 buses on contract with Troms county municipality with 44 employees.

</doc>
<doc id="18371615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371615" title="Olivera Djurdjević">
Olivera Djurdjević

Olivera Djurdjević (1928 in Belgrade – 2006) was a Serbian pianist, cembalist and professor at the Faculty of Music in Belgrade.

</doc>
<doc id="18371636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371636" title="Times Publications">
Times Publications

The Times Publications is the highest-circulated family of free-distribution feature publications in the state of Arizona.
Seven monthly editions of the paper are circulated in communities throughout the state, including Scottsdale, Northeast Phoenix, Glendale, Gilbert, Chandler, East Mesa and Ahwatukee. The total circulation of Times Publications is 125,000 copies, distributed at more than 3,000 free pick-up locations.
Awards.
"The Times" has been honored for journalistic excellence with several Press Club and Arizona Newspapers Association awards, including more than eight first-place honors. "The Times" won first-place for Journalistic Achievement and Community Service in 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008 from the Arizona Newspapers Association.
Feature stories have received awards for Feature Writing, Investigative Journalism, Business Reporting and General Excellence. In May 2009, features editor Shanna Hogan was named Journalist of the Year by the Arizona Press Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18371667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371667" title="Edda Award for Best Leading Actor or Actress">
Edda Award for Best Leading Actor or Actress

Best Leading Actor or Actress is one of the most important categories at Edda Award. It has been given since 1999, annually.
1999-2003.
From 1999 to 2003, there was one Edda Award to the best actor and other Edda Award to the best actress.
Winners - Best Actor:
Winners - Best Actress:
2004-2006.
Since 2004, there is just one prize to best actor/actress.
Winners:

</doc>
<doc id="18371674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371674" title="G. Schwechten">
G. Schwechten

G. Schwechten was a Berlin-based manufacturer of fine pianos. Production began in 1854 and continued up through 1925.
These pianos are rather rare now. It is said that there are no finer pianos than those built by Schwechten. They are fine examples of the high quality of work in 19th-century German and Austrian workshops.
Today, the brand name "Schwechten" is used by "Shanghai Piano Co. Ltd." (est. 1895). It is not clear, when and how the Chinese bought the brand.

</doc>
<doc id="18371677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371677" title="Source (magazine)">
Source (magazine)

Source magazine is a free bi-monthly magazine published by the John Brown Group on behalf of Greenbee, John Lewis, and Waitrose, all three of which are owned by the John Lewis Partnership, with articles covering interior design, beauty, the arts, travel, finance, and lifestyle.
Conception.
"Source" magazine was launched in Autumn 2006, around the time the John Lewis Partnership launched Greenbee, its new direct services company, providing selected services, from insurance to ticket sales and internet service. "Source" was thus conceived, as well as being a source of entertainment and information, to introduce customers to the Greenbee services (helping to make it a household name), and to reinforce the relationship between the John Lewis Partnership and its customers. It comes from the same stable as "Waitrose Food Illustrated", a magazine published for 10 years.
Target audience.
"Source" is intended to appeal to typical John Lewis and Waitrose customers, that is, predominantly upper middle class and middle class (A, B, and to some extent C1) older people. As such, returning advertisers include Prada, Lancôme, Samsung, AEG, and Panasonic. In order to appeal to younger customers, "Source" has undergone slight changes to give it a more modern look, including changing the font on the spine from serif to sans-serif, and writing the issue numbers in numeric format rather than text.
Availability and distribution.
"Source" is only available from John Lewis and Waitrose branches in the UK, although the previous five issues are shown on the magazine's website.
Pricing.
"Source" magazine is available at no charge. The first five issues had a coloured circle on the cover reading ""Free to John Lewis and Waitrose customers"". Since then, the cover reads ""free"" and a margin note near the staff list reads ""Free to all Greenbee, John Lewis, and Waitrose customers"". The move comes after the original format misled some customers into mistakenly thinking they needed to have a Partnership card or that a purchase was needed for the magazine to be free.
Cover stars.
Each issue has a famous celebrity on the cover, with whom an in-depth interview is conducted in the magazine. Below is a list of cover stars to date:

</doc>
<doc id="18371704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371704" title="Antonin Sertillanges">
Antonin Sertillanges

Antonin-Gilbert Sertillanges, O.P. (16 November 1863 – 26 July 1948), was a French Catholic philosopher and spiritual writer. 
Biography.
Born Antonin-Dalmace, he took the name Antonin-Gilbert when he entered the Dominican order. In 1893 he founded the "Revue Thomiste" and later became professor of moral philosophy at the Institut Catholique de Paris. His scholarly work was concerned with the moral theory of Thomas Aquinas. In the English-speaking world, he is best known for two non-specialist works. "The Intellectual Life" is a practical guide for how to structure one's life so as to make progress as a scholar. "What Jesus Saw from the Cross" is a spiritual work that drew upon the time Sertillanges spent living in Jerusalem. Certain of Sertillanges' works are concerned with political theory, with French identity and the structure of the traditional French family. 
Works.
Articles 
Works in English translation

</doc>
<doc id="18371718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371718" title="Pere Tomich">
Pere Tomich

Pere (or Père) Tomich or Tomic (fl. 1431–1438) was a Catalan knight and historian.
He wrote a monumental general history of Catalonia from Creation, through the "primers pobladors d'Espanya" (first populators of Spain), to the reign of Ferdinand I of Aragon. His "Histories e Conquestes del reyalme Darago e principat de Cathalunya" he finished at Bagà in 1438. One of its distinguishing marks is Pere's uncritical acceptance of legend and incorporation of folklore into his otherwise accurate account. Besides legend, Pere especially revels in listing the names of the major noble families of Aragon, Catalonia, and Valencia. The events (especially military, with a taste for naval expeditions) in which they were actors accompany their names, and the names of the lords of Pinós and Bagà are heavily favoured. Pere is the sole source for several historical events. He adds to the so-called "Legend of the Cowardly Peasants", in which the cowardice of the peasantry in the face of the Moors is led to explain their servitude, the fact that the Christian leader whose summons to arms they refused to obey was Louis the Pious and that the summons took place in 814. Pere also asserts that Huguet de Mataplana, the troubadour, was present at the Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa. He provides a detailed explanation of how Raymond Berengar I and Almodis codified the Catalan system of rank in their "Usatges". Pere also wrote that Martin of Aragon died of the plague, which has been disproved.
In 1431, a lawyer representing the guild of bitmakers of Barcelona arrived in Bagà to obtain a copy of a document authenticating a miracle supposedly performed by Saint Stephen on Galceran de Pinós. Finding the rector of the city away on business, the lawyer obtained the testimony of the oldest and most trustworthy men of Bagà in a public information-gathering session held in front of a notary public. The first sworn testimony recorded was that of Pere Tomich. His recollection is detailed and he adds the story of one hundred young ladies who were rescued through the saint's intervention. All subsequent witnesses simply affirmed Pere's testimony, adding that so had they heard from their fathers and grandfathers.

</doc>
<doc id="18371720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371720" title="Dōbutsuen Station">
Dōbutsuen Station

It was closed on December 28, 2008, due to the end of the monorail operation.
Layout.
The station had one platform serving one track terminating at the station. The main gate of the station was "per se" the gate of Japan Monkey Park.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad
 

</doc>
<doc id="18371738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371738" title="Naritasan Station">
Naritasan Station

It was closed on December 28, 2008 due to the end of the monorail operation.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18371751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371751" title="Think of Laura">
Think of Laura

"Think of Laura" is the title of a popular song by the American Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter Christopher Cross. Released as a single in late 1983 from Cross' second studio album, "Another Page", "Think of Laura" became the singer's fourth (and, to date, final) single to reach the Top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, where it peaked at #9 in early 1984. The song spent eleven weeks in the Top 40. In addition, the song became Cross' third single to hit #1 on the adult contemporary chart, following "Never Be the Same" and "Arthur's Theme (Best That You Can Do)". "Think of Laura" remained at #1 on this chart for four weeks. The song was written by Cross and produced by Michael Omartian.
The song became popularized when the American television network ABC began playing "Think of Laura" in reference to characters on the soap opera "General Hospital". One of the program's supercouples, Luke and Laura, were quite popular at the time, and the song came to be associated with the character Luke's love for Laura, who had been missing for several months. Cross allowed ABC to use his song in this context; however, he has stated that he wrote "Think of Laura" not in reference to the television characters, but to mourn the death of Denison University college student Laura Carter who was killed when she was struck by a stray bullet fired over a block away, during an altercation between four men. 
Carter, a lacrosse player from Wayne, Pennsylvania, was sitting in the back seat of a car, being driven by her father, who with his wife, was visiting their daughter for the college's annual homecoming weekend. They planned to take her and two friends to dinner in Columbus, Ohio, having just watched them compete in a lacrosse match.
Cross had come to meet Laura through her college roommate Paige, whom Cross was dating at the time. Paige was pictured on the inner sleeve of the "Another Page" album, sitting on a stool. Cross wrote the song as a way of offering comfort to Paige, and honoring Carter's memory.
"Think of Laura" has a relatively straightforward arrangement, with the singer's vocals and a piano accompaniment. The lyrics express the sorrow felt by those who knew the woman but ask that she be remembered with happiness: "When you think of Laura, laugh, don't cry / I know she'd want it that way".
Cover versions.
The song has been covered by American R&B group Boyz II Men, their version entitled "The Aaliyah Song", as a tribute to the late singer Aaliyah. It has also been recorded as a live version by Filipino duo Dominic & Burton.

</doc>
<doc id="18371754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371754" title="Duck Season (song)">
Duck Season (song)

"Duck Season" is the first single from "Duck Season, Vol. 1", a 2002 album by West Coast DJ Babu the Dilated Junkie. It was released by Sequence Records as a 12 inch with "Ducky Boy" as its b-side in the United States, and "What Cha Know" as its b-side in Germany. The song features raps by The Beatnuts's two rappers and former group member Al' Tariq. The song's braggadocios lyrics are complemented by Babu's piano and synth-reliant beat. The song ends with Babu scratching various phrases such as "duck season" over a minimalistic beat. In addition, "Duck Season" contains scratched samples from "Beatnuts Forever" by The Beatnuts. 
"Duck Season" failed to chart or receive an accompanying music video. The song is still featured on various hip hop compilation albums including "Bravo Black Hits, Vol. 7" and " Major League Entertainment: The Subway Series Vol. 1".
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18371764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371764" title="Zeballos Peak">
Zeballos Peak

Zeballos Peak, formerly known as Zeballos Mountain, is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of Zeballos and northwest of Rugged Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="18371790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371790" title="Live at Sweetwater">
Live at Sweetwater

Live at Sweetwater is a live Hot Tuna album recorded in 1992 at Mill Valley, CA. It was their first new recording made for Relix Records, although they had previously released older performances with Relix (Splashdown, Historic Hot Tuna). Appearing on the album with Hot Tuna was Bob Weir of the Grateful Dead, blues-singer Maria Muldaur, and keyboardist Pete Sears who ended up staying with the band for ten years. In 2004 Eagle Records re-mastered and re-released the album with several added tracks, and some previous tracks shortened in length.

</doc>
<doc id="18371818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371818" title="Tagami Station (Gifu)">
Tagami Station (Gifu)

This station provides access to Gifu Keirin Circuit, Bairin Park, and Japan Tobacco's Gifu plant.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18371819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371819" title="An Evening with Belafonte">
An Evening with Belafonte

An Evening with Belafonte is a studio album by Harry Belafonte, released by RCA Victor in 1957.
Personnel.
Production notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18371837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371837" title="Hosobata Station">
Hosobata Station


</doc>
<doc id="18371848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371848" title="Julije Bajamonti">
Julije Bajamonti

Julije (Julio) Bajamonti (Italian: "Giulio Bajamonti"; 4 August 1744 - 12 November 1800) was a medical historian, writer, translator, encyclopedist, historian, philosopher, and musician from the city of Split in present-day Croatia. His wife was Ljuba Bajamonti, a Split commoner.
Julije Bajamonti is known for composing the first opera in modern Croatia ("La traslazione di San Doimo", performed only once), writing about the history of Split (unfinished and unpublished, and helping Alberto Fortis, a Venetian, with his journey around Dalmatia, which also included the discovery of the now famous South Slavic Muslim song, Hasanaginica.
After the fall of Venice in 1797 he urged that Dalmatia should be annexed to the Habsburg Monarchy. In his speech in 1797 he stated that Austria was the successor of the old Venetian state. Like many other intellectuals along the Dalmatian coast, Bajamonti wrote most of his works in Italian. Niccolò Tommaseo claims that there was no one in Italy who wrote better than Bajamonti during his time.
He performed his medical work in the cities of Split, Hvar, and Kotor (in the area of Boka Kotorska in today's Montenegro).

</doc>
<doc id="18371863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371863" title="Hit-or-miss transform">
Hit-or-miss transform

In mathematical morphology, hit-or-miss transform is an operation that detects a given configuration (or pattern) in a binary image, using the morphological erosion operator and a pair of disjoint structuring elements. The result of the hit-or-miss transform is the set of positions, where the first structuring element fits in the foreground of the input image, and the second structuring element misses it completely.
Mathematical definition.
In binary morphology, an image is viewed as a subset of an Euclidean space formula_1 or the integer grid formula_2, for some dimension "d". Let us denote this space or grid by "E".
A structuring element is a simple, pre-defined shape, represented as a binary image, used to probe another binary image, in morphological operations such as erosion, dilation, opening, and closing.
Let formula_3 and formula_4 be two structuring elements satisfying formula_5. The pair ("C","D") is sometimes called "composite structuring element". The hit-or-miss transform of a given image "A" by "B"=("C","D") is given by:
where formula_7 is the set complement of "A".
That is, a point "x" in "E" belongs to the hit-or-miss transform output if "C" translated to "x" fits in "A", and "D" translated to "x" misses "A" (fits the background of "A").
Some applications.
Thinning.
Let formula_8, and consider the eight composite structuring elements, composed by:
and the three rotations of each by formula_13, formula_14, and formula_15. The corresponding composite structuring elements are denoted formula_16.
For any "i" between 1 and 8, and any binary image "X", define
where formula_18 denotes the set-theoretical difference.
The thinning of an image "A" is obtained by cyclically iterating until convergence:

</doc>
<doc id="18371865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371865" title="Kiridōshi Station">
Kiridōshi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18371867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371867" title="Mount McQuillan">
Mount McQuillan

Mount McQuillan is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located southeast of Port Alberni and south of Mount Arrowsmith.

</doc>
<doc id="18371881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371881" title="The Word (magazine)">
The Word (magazine)

The Word was a monthly music magazine published in London. It was voted UK 'Music Magazine Of The Year' in 2007 and 2008. It ran for 114 issues, the last bearing the cover date August 2012.
"The Word" was launched in February 2003. It was the first magazine to come from Development Hell Ltd, an independent publishing venture set up by David Hepworth and Jerry Perkins, two former EMAP executives with more than 35 years combined experience devising, editing and publishing titles such as "Q", "Empire", "Mojo" and "Heat". The company also produce the dance music and clubbing title "Mixmag" and owns the dance music networking site "Don't Stay In". "The Word" was edited by Mark Ellen, former editor of "Smash Hits", "Q" and "Select", launch managing editor of "Mojo", and former editor-in-chief of "EMAP Metro".
On 29 June 2012, David Hepworth announced the closure of the magazine via his Twitter feed and on the magazine's website.
Content.
The magazine was divided into two sections; the front, which featured photographs, interviews and features, and the rear, which concentrated on reviews of CDs, DVDs, books and films.
Regular features included 'Diary' (Mark Ellen discussing recent events) 'Face Time' (an interview feature), 'Word of Mouth' (People we like & the things they like) 'Departure Lounge' (obituaries), 'Word to the Wise' (an interview) 'InBox' (letters to the editor), and 'The Last Word', the reviews section. Latterly, this included 'The Massive Attacks', a section devoted to reader reviews taken from the magazine's website.
Artists interviewed by The Word included Paul McCartney, Prince, Nick Cave, Samuel L Jackson, U2, Martin Scorsese, Thom Yorke, Morrissey, Björk, Michael Palin, Brian Eno, Peter Ackroyd, David Sedaris, Ricky Gervais, Russell Brand, Wim Wenders, Brian De Palma, Oasis, David Bowie, Joni Mitchell, Amy Winehouse, Leonard Cohen, Tom Waits, Leonardo DiCaprio, Kate Winslet, Sam Mendes, Salman Rushdie, Malcolm Gladwell, David Simon, Van Morrison, Robert Smith and Lou Reed.
Podcast.
"The Word"'s weekly podcast was an informal, unscripted broadcast of irregular length, and featured regular contributors Mark Ellen, David Hepworth, Andrew Harrison, Fraser Lewry and Kate Mossman. Guests included Nick Lowe, Andrew Collins, Barry McIlheney, Clare Grogan, Supergrass, Danny Baker, CW Stoneking, Neil Hannon, Robin Ince, Devon Sproule & Paul Curreri, Dom Joly, Wilko Johnson, Van Dyke Parks, Bob Harris, Pugwash, Robert Forster, Jac Holzman, Darrell Scott and Chris Difford. One popular section was the telling of the HORA (Hoary Old Rock Anecdote). It ran for 217 episodes between October 2006 and June 2012. 
In 2008 the magazine launched a second, occasional Podcast entitled 'Backstage'. It featured interviews with figures of interest including Richard Thompson, David Simon, Malcolm Gladwell, Neal Stephenson, Clive James and Pete Atkin, Don Felder, and Al Kooper.
Website.
The Word's website was a promotional tool for the magazine and a forum for its readers, although editorial staff occasionally posted and readers' reviews were reproduced in the magazine itself.
Following the closure of the Word Magazine website on 17 July 2012, the reader community relocated to a new site (http://www.theafterword.co.uk) with the aim of providing continuity of conversation and cultural discussion. The byline of the new site is: "Musings on The Byways Of Popular Culture".

</doc>
<doc id="18371886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371886" title="Tejikara Station">
Tejikara Station

Passengers can transfer to Nagamori Station on the Takayama Main Line, which is a short distance away. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18371892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371892" title="Croatia–Iran relations">
Croatia–Iran relations

Croatian–Iranian relations refer to bilateral foreign relations between Croatia and Iran. Both countries established diplomatic relations on April 18, 1992 when Iran became the 7th country to recognize the newly independent Croatia. Croatia has an embassy in Tehran and Iran maintains an embassy and a cultural centre in Zagreb.
History.
Iranian vice-president Hassan Habibi visited Croatia in 1995 and Iranian president Mohammad Khatami visited Zagreb, Croatia in 2005. Croatian president Stipe Mesić had a three-day state visit to Iran in 2001. In 2008 Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad hailed the two countries'. Ahmadinejad calls for expansion of Iran-Croatia ties]</ref> During the same year, the Croatian national oil company INA expanded active in the Ardabil Province. However, on March 22, 2012, Minister of Foreign and European Affairs Joško Klisović announced sanctions on all oil transactions from Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="18371901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371901" title="Netmage">
Netmage

Netmage is an international festival dedicated to electronic art curated by Xing and produced annually—in the city of Bologna—as a multidisciplinary program of works, investigating and promoting contemporary audiovisual research. The festival was born in 2000 with funds provided by the European Union, when Bologna represented one of the nine major European capital of culture. The festival concentrates on an amalgam of Happenings, environments, and audio/visual installations, it does through a concentration on creative scenes and subcultural communities.
The experience of Netmage (eleven editions from 2001 to 2011) was merged into the annual Live Arts Week.
Mission.
The mission of Netmage is to investigate the relationship between the "liveness" and the "ambient space".
At the crossroads of these two terms is situated the notion of "post-cinema": defined as an environmental construction capable of gathering widely diverse attitudes in a public space.
Post Cinema/Postmemory It is a cinema made of multi-projections on a number of screens with no seating, a multiplication of narrative traces, possible points of view, physical positions of the spectators; achieving a removal of the forced estrangement of the 20th Century spectator (the darkness of the room, physical and perceptive isolation, a monodirectional viewing perspective) that evoke the world of the first Happenings of the 1960s, the philosophy of expanded cinema, and successive multimedia installation experiments of the 1980s.
"Live Media".
"Live-Media is an open-ended term which has come into currency amongst artists and theoreticians. Live-media relates to the gathering of relatively diverse practices capable of calling to mind the wide range of research by video producers, visual artists, musicians, sound artists, VJ's, filmmakers, designers and a range of creative people issued by creative scenes and subcultural communities.
Netmage and its curators have been instrumental in coining and promoting this term.
• utilization of electronic, digital or analogue platforms to generate images and sound;
• interaction consisting of visual and audio elements;
• inclusion of liveness (or randomness) as in any kind of performance.
Playing with stimuli, what is created in the live-media experience is a "privilege of variation" that in the first case goes from designer to public, in the second from public to executor. The confrontation is direct, dictated by the logic of the event.
"Dispositif" (post-cinema) and practice (Live Media) thus represent two types of continuous variation through which Netmage questions possible currents in new media aesthetics, summoning artists and visual operators from diverse disciplines, in a context reminiscent of the Happening.
Despite the complexity born from the exploration of this kind of space, ideal internal space, the two axes—post-cinema and live media—intertwine and simply state what may be called a gathering, a togetherness of the community of producers, protagonists in the field of contemporary media, who both find themselves isolated; creating then a direct, interdisciplinary confrontation, thus filling a growing gap between hyper-connectivity on one hand, physical and social experience on the other.
History.
The first edition of the festival was born in an historic watershed with a view on one side from the experiences of one of the last bastions of the Twentieth Century avantgarde, video art, and on the other toward a new front that was as yet undefined while the entire world of research visual production was poised to turn fully digital.
In the field of music, the 1990s had already anticipated a great deal of what was later to come in the visual world, pointing the way to a radical transformation in techniques, languages and methods of cultural consumption. Netmage, different from a number of other festivals dedicated to electronics born in the world of clubbing, has concentrated on the production of images, imagination and universal vision.
In eleven editions Netmage has produced and hosted over two hundred projects from over thirty countries (including Europe, Asia, The Americas, Oceania) offering a smattering of the most recent evolutions in the technological imagination and multiple currents.
Follows the list of the guests of the festival (Nationality follows standard notation)

</doc>
<doc id="18371902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371902" title="Takadabashi Station">
Takadabashi Station

This station is close to the Nakasendō and the Sakai River. 

</doc>
<doc id="18371910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371910" title="Sel (given name)">
Sel (given name)

Sel is an Australian masculine given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18371927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371927" title="Shuttle bombing">
Shuttle bombing

Shuttle bombing is a tactic where bombers fly from their home base to bomb a first target and continue to a different location where they are refuelled and rearmed. The aircraft may then bomb a second target on the return leg to their home base. Some examples of operations which have used this tactic are:
While shuttle bombing offered several advantages, allowing distant targets to be hit and complicating the Axis defence arrangements, it posed a number of practical difficulties, not least the awkward relations between the Western Allies and the Soviet Union. The operations were concluded in September 1944 after a three-month period, and not repeated.

</doc>
<doc id="18371928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371928" title="Shin-Kanō Station">
Shin-Kanō Station


</doc>
<doc id="18371955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371955" title="Shin-Naka Station">
Shin-Naka Station

Passengers can transfer to Naka Station on the Takayama Main Line, which is nearby. 

</doc>
<doc id="18371977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371977" title="Shimin-Kōen-mae Station">
Shimin-Kōen-mae Station


</doc>
<doc id="18371979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18371979" title="Sel (disambiguation)">
Sel (disambiguation)

Sel is a municipality in the county of Oppland, Norway.
Sel may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18372003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372003" title="TeacherTube">
TeacherTube

TeacherTube is a video sharing website similar to, and based on, YouTube. It is designed to allow those in the educational industry, particularly teachers, to share educational resources such as video, audio, documents, photos, groups and blogs. The site contains a mixture of classroom teaching resources and others designed to aid teacher training. A number of students have also uploaded videos that they have made as part of K-12 and college courses. As of July 2008, the website contained over 26,000 videos and now as of October 2010, TeacherTube has over One Million+ educational members and over 400,000 educational videos. It has found favor with educators for whom YouTube content is blocked by content filtering systems.
History.
TeacherTube was launched on March 6, 2007 and was initiated by Jason Smith, a Superintendent from Melissa, Texas and younger brother Adam Smith, a tech genius and athlete (Had a .401 batting average in 2002 for Embry Riddle University's World Series baseball team in Florida). The site now gains more than 10 million page views per month.
Partnerships.
In 2009 TeacherTube introduced the partnership with the NASA's Ares and NASA's Ares TV program. Since the partnership started, the Ares videos have reached students across the world with information provided by no other educational site. NASA's Ares rockets, named for the Greek god associated with Mars, will return humans to the moon and later take them to Mars and other destinations.
Since partnered with TeacherTube in 2007, the American Institute for History Education has grown tremendously. The videos placed on TeacherTube have reached views within days to 30,000+ to 50,000+. AIHE Channel on TeacherTube has been so successful AIHE has now branched off from the success on TeacherTube to AIHE TV which broadcasts live reaching the entire state of New Jersey. 
Since 2010 TeacherTube has cooperated with an education program, Glogster EDU, which is a web 2.0 platform that enables users to create virtual posters and load them with videos, music, sounds, pictures, text, data attachments, special effects, animations and links. Glogster EDU has a Teacher Tube partner profile. TeacherTube lists Glogster among other services of similar type.
With the need of media publication for non-profit organizations, TeacherTube created the Non-Profit Program Channel for Non-Profit organizations. Started this year, TeacherTube has joined forces with UNICEF and their TeachUNICEF program, Adopt a Classroom and the North Texas History Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18372004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372004" title="Kakamigahara-Shiyakusho-mae Station">
Kakamigahara-Shiyakusho-mae Station


</doc>
<doc id="18372026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372026" title="See-Saw Game (Yūkan na Koi no Uta)">
See-Saw Game (Yūkan na Koi no Uta)

Along with their previous single "Es (Theme of Es)," "See-Saw Game (Yūkan na Koi no Uta)" was certified as a million-selling single of 1995 by the Recording Industry Association of Japan. It's the best selling Non tie-up single in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18372028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372028" title="Rokken Station (Gifu)">
Rokken Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18372032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372032" title="Never Be the Same (Christopher Cross song)">
Never Be the Same (Christopher Cross song)

"Never Be the Same" is the title of the third single by singer-songwriter Christopher Cross, released from his debut Grammy Award-winning album "Christopher Cross". It was the singer's third consecutive single to reach the Top 40 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, where it peaked at number 15 late in 1980. The song was a number-one hit on the adult contemporary chart, remaining there for two weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="18372034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372034" title="Masanjala">
Masanjala

Masanjala is a rural province in the southern region of Malawi, southern Africa. Masanjala is located 70 kilometers south of the commercial city of Blantyre. With a population of about 10,000 people, its main source of income is agriculture. The town center has a nursery school, primary school, two secondary schools (government and private) and a Catholic Parish and the Masanjala Education Foundation office. It is located in the district of Chiradzulu.
About Masanjala Education Foundation.
Masanjala Education Foundation is a Seattle based not-for-profit organization founded by Gerald Macheso and Joseph Legaz with a mission of providing support to local schools in the province of Masanjala. The Foundation works to improve school attendance by awarding scholarships and financial aid to students, and providing teaching and learning materials to teachers and students. Through these efforts, absentee rates have decreased, and the quality of education in Masanjala has been improved.

</doc>
<doc id="18372044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372044" title="Curt Kolcun">
Curt Kolcun

Curt Kolcun is the Microsoft vice president for U.S. Public Sector. He is responsible for all of Microsoft’s business in federal government, state and local government, and education markets, including students, K-12 and higher education.
A veteran of Microsoft for more than 18 years, Kolcun has been the Vice President Microsoft’s Federal government business since 2003, and has been responsible for sales, contracting, pre-sales technical support, consulting services and product marketing.
Under his leadership, the federal team has grown its business 49 percent since 2003. The team has also implemented key initiatives such as the Federal Desktop Core Configuration (FDCC), a U.S. Government mandate designed to provide a single, standard, enterprise-wide, managed environment for desktops and laptops running Microsoft Windows XP or Windows Vista.

</doc>
<doc id="18372048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372048" title="Gion Shouja no Kane ga Naru">
Gion Shouja no Kane ga Naru

Gion Shouja no Kane ga Naru (祇園盛者の鐘が鳴る; "The Gion Temple's Bells Toll") is an Alice Nine extended play that was released on November 17, 2004. It was later re-released on the King Records label on November 23, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18372063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372063" title="Mikakino Station">
Mikakino Station

Passengers can transfer to Sohara Station on the Takayama Main Line, which is nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="18372064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372064" title="Live at Sweetwater Two">
Live at Sweetwater Two

Live at Sweetwater Two is a live Hot Tuna album recorded at the same time as the album, Live at Sweetwater, but contains no tracks from the previous release. The live performances feature Bob Weir of the Grateful Dead, blues-singer Maria Muldaur, and keyboardist Pete Sears. Also included is the previously unreleased studio track "Endless Sleep" from the Pair a Dice Found sessions. In 2004 Eagle Records re-mastered and re-released the album with several added tracks, and without the studio track included.

</doc>
<doc id="18372070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372070" title="Gary Taylor (strongman)">
Gary Taylor (strongman)

Gary Taylor (born 14 October 1961) is a former world champion strongman, Olympic Weightlifter, powerlifter and bodybuilder from Wales.
Strength sports.
A former weightlifter, powerlifter, and bodybuilder, Taylor competed at 6' (183 cm) and approximately 295 lbs (134 kg) during his strongman career. He competed in weightlifting at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, taking second in the snatch in the 110 kg class.
Gary is best known for winning the 1993 World's Strongest Man contest in Orange, France. He also finished 3rd in 1991, 5th in 1992, and 6th in 1995. 
Taylor was extraordinarily strong on the Behind-The-Neck Push Press. At Brian Batcheldor's Strength Seminar in Birmingham in 1995 he performed an incredible Behind-The-Neck Push Press of 272.5kg (600.75lb) (judged by David Webster, the organizer of the World's Strongest Man competitions).
Gary suffered a career ending knee injury during the tire flip event at the 1997 Europe's Strongest Man contest. The injury was so severe that it forced Gary to retire from strongman competition permanently.
Retirement/later years.
Taylor, now retired from competition, worked for the Control & Restraint team with Aylesbury Young Offenders Institute, a prison for Category A (highest and most considered dangerous), as well as being the Senior Gym Officer and rugby coach for Ampthill youth rugby team. Gary currently does commentating and event organizing for the annual UK's Strongest Man contest.

</doc>
<doc id="18372078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372078" title="Gary Taylor">
Gary Taylor

Gary Taylor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18372085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372085" title="Nijikken Station">
Nijikken Station


</doc>
<doc id="18372086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372086" title="Greg Whitby">
Greg Whitby

Gregory Byrne Whitby is an Australian educator. He is the Executive Director of Schools in the Catholic Diocese of Parramatta, NSW.
21st Century Learning.
He is the author of Educating Gen Wi-fi, which argues for the need to rethink the nature of learning and teaching in a connected world. Whitby appeared in a public service announcement with Daniel H. Pink (author of Whole New Mind) and other key thinkers on re-imagining schooling for the 21st century.
Awards.
In 2007, Whitby was named as the most innovative and creative educator in Australia by the Bulletin Magazine in its annual Smart 100 Awards. In the same year, he received a Presidential Citation from the Australian Council for Educational Leaders (ACEL) of which he has been a Fellow since 2002. In 2011, he presented the AW Jones Oration for the Australian College of Educators, South Australian branch on the changing nature of schooling in today’s world.
Whitby was also made an Apple Distinguished Educator "for his contribution to the implementation of Learning Technologies in Education".
In 2012, Whitby received a Papal Knighthood in the Order of St Gregory the Great for his contribution to Catholic schooling.

</doc>
<doc id="18372097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372097" title="Andrej Grubačić">
Andrej Grubačić

Andrej Grubačić is a US-based anarchist theorist, sociologist, activist and associate professor (California Institute of Integral Studies and the Z Media Institute) with a Yugoslavian background who has written on anarchism and the history of the Balkans. An advocate of an anarchist approach to writing history, Grubačić is one of the protagonists of "new anarchism",
and a member of the anti-authoritarian, direct-action wing of the global justice movement. He is also a member of the International Organization for a Participatory Society. A partner with Peoples' Global Action and other Zapatista-influenced direct action movements, Grubačić's primary political investment is in Balkan struggles. He is a co-founder of Global Balkans network of Balkan anti-capitalists in diaspora. His writings and interests range from anarchist or 'participatory' education to the neo-marxist world-systems analysis, and from the hidden history of American democracy to the history of decentralized communities and mutual aid in the Balkans. His affinity towards anarchism arose as a result of his experiences as a member of the Belgrade Libertarian Group that derives from the Yugoslav Praxis experiment.
Political activism, anarchist theory and anarchist pedagogy.
Grubačić co-founded the Global Balkans network of the Balkan anti-capitalist diaspora,
the Research Institute for the Global Movement at the University of Ljubljana in Slovenia,
the Yugoslav Initiative for Economic Democracy, "Kontrapunkt (magazine)", and "ZBalkans"–a Balkan edition of "Z Magazine", where he sits on the editorial board. He is or has been active as an organizer in networks such as Planetary Alternatives Network, the post-Yugoslav coalition of anti-authoritarian collectives DSM!, Peoples Global Action, the World Social Forum, Freedom Fight and as a program director for the Global Commons. He is responsible for spreading the idea of participatory economics in the Balkans. He is a member of Retort collective, a collective of radical intellectuals based in the Bay Area. He is a member of Bound Together Books in San Francisco, a collectively run anarchist bookstore. He is active with the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW or the Wobblies). He is involved with the mutual aid project with five prisoners on death row from Lucasville Southern Ohio Correctional Facility. He wrote about the 1993 Lucasville rebellion, when 450 Lucasville prisoners, including an unlikely alliance of the Aryan Brotherhood and Gangster Disciples, rioted and took over the facility for 11 days.
Academic career.
Following the collapse of Yugoslavia, Grubačić left for the United States. He moved to Binghamton University where he participated in research working groups at the Fernand Braudel Center on anarchist implications of world-systems analysis. In 2008 he moved to San Francisco and worked in the sociology department at the University of San Francisco and urban studies department at the San Francisco Art Institute. He is now an Associate Professor and Department Chair of Anthropology and Social Change Anthropology at the California Institute of Integral Studies.
Publications.
In 2006, Grubacic he teamed up with activist and historian Staughton Lynd to write the book "Wobblies and Zapatistas" 
He went on to edit "The Staughton Lynd Reader", and offer a new programmatic proposal for the "libertarian socialism for the 21st century," inspired by Lynd's work. 
, his most recent book is "Don't Mourn, Balkanize! Essays After Yugoslavia", published in 2010 by PM Press. 
His other works include books in Balkan languages, chapters and numerous articles related to the history and utopian present of the Balkans, anarchism, and radical sociology. Grubačić has started work on a book developing an anarchist version of world-systems analysis with David Graeber.
As an anarchist propagandist and educator, Grubačić travels around North America giving talks, lectures and workshops. He taught this topic at Z Media Institute in Boston.
Grubacic is a professor and department chair at CIIS California Institute of Integral Studies, and until recently the University of San Francisco. Grubačić also works as a guest host of the KPFA radio program "Against the Grain".
Reviews of "Wobblies and Zapatistas".
"Wobblies and Zapatistas" recounts a radical history and connects activist political movements and generations.
Global capitalism has suffered a major blow in the past year, the largest economic turmoil since the 1930s fuelling political discussions on possible alternatives to the current economic model. For those seeking alternatives to mainstream historical narratives, "Wobblies and Zapatistas: Conversations on Anarchism, Marxism and Radical History" is an important read. Spanning from the Cold War to the 1990s expansion of market-driven free-trade policies, this engaging book offers critical historical reflections on events that have shaped contemporary politics.
The World Social Forum, in its near decade of existence, has popularized the slogan "Another World Is Possible." Although many on the left may agree, and there is broad agreement about the nature of the world we live in and the shape of the one we wish to create, there is less agreement on how to create that new world. "Wobblies and Zapatistas", a conversation of sorts between longtime anarchist activist Andrej Grubacic and Staughton Lynd, who for the last 40 years has been one of the iconic figures of the U.S. left, is a contribution to resolving that argument—or at least turning it into a productive discussion.
More theoretical and frankly meandering is "Wobblies and Zapatistas,"... The conversation starts out with the Chiapas rebellion and the Industrial Workers of the World—"the Zapatistas of yesteryear," in Lynd’s phrase—but makes brief stops with the community organizing efforts of former steelworkers in post-industrial Youngstown, the 1946 general strike in Oakland, the Vietnam-era antiwar movement, and the 1980s revolutionary upsurges of Central America. Lynd ties it all together with his concept of "accompaniment"—basically, throwing one’s lot in with oppressed, sharing the burdens and risks of their struggles.
This volume brings together two radical intellectuals from alternative political traditions for an extended conversation about theory, activism, and the state of radical politics today. Throughout their conversation, Staughton Lynd, the civil rights organizer, antiwar activist, lawyer, and radical historian, responds to the probing questions of Andrej Grubacic, the radical sociologist and activist from the Balkans.
Reviews of Don't Mourn, Balkanize!
This is a splendid time for the North American reader to meet the extraordinary Andrej Grubacic. After something of a letdown following the Seattle 1999 events– including what many of us perceived as an ideology-driven sectarian turn–anarchists are back in the news with the Occupations. No, not the anarchism of Bakunin or even Bookchin, but anarchism in a new key as well as a new generation, more practical and more open. 
When this writer worked in Kosovo, attempts to interview people from the small community of Serbs that remained there after the European Union took over the city almost invariably failed...Mr. Grubačić also proposes what he calls a “balkanization from below, a pluricultural concept in which, however, rejects that of the European Union.” In this idea, Balkan people need to “find the strength and orientation for a new politics for another Balkans. It should be a politics of a Balkan Federation. A participatory society, built from the bottom up, through struggles for the creation of an inclusive democratic awareness, participatory social experiments, and an emancipatory practice that would win the political imagination of all people in the region.” 
Andrej Grubačić is probably the most radical writer to approach the Balkans. He does so from an anarchist perspective, and his ideas are informed by both his background and his politics. Although he is from Belgrade, which is now the capital of Serbia, he continues to think of himself as Yugoslav, despite the fact that Yugoslavia no longer exists as a country. This paradox of identity illustrates the difficulties that the changing political landscape of the Balkans have caused for people from the region. 
Don't Mourn, Balkanize! is divided into two main sections -- on balkanization from above and balkanization from below -- both chronologically organized and both revolving around the same themes: the politics of exclusion, intervention, and resistance, within and beyond the Balkans, but especially in Serbia, Bosnia, and Kosovo. 

</doc>
<doc id="18372107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372107" title="Every Man">
Every Man

"Every Man" is a song by the Christian rock band Casting Crowns. It was released as their second single from their 2007 album "The Altar and the Door".
"Every Man" was also featured by the compilation "WOW Hits 2009".

</doc>
<doc id="18372109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372109" title="Namonaki Uta">
Namonaki Uta

"" is the tenth single by Mr. Children, released by Toy's Factory on February 5, 1996. The cover of the single is Kazutoshi Sakurai's face whose tongue was written "no name". "Namonaki Uta" was used as the theme song of Japanese television drama "Pure".
On the Japanese Oricon weekly chart, the single "Namonaki Uta" opened at number-one with the first week sales of over 1.208 million copies, establishing the Japanese highest first-week single sales record. It topped the 1996 Oricon yearly single charts and sold over 2.308 million copies in total. It is the second best-selling song for the band behind their 1994 single "Tomorrow Never Knows."
The song was covered by Kohmi Hirose on her 2010 album "Drama Songs".

</doc>
<doc id="18372115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372115" title="Black Sun (sculpture)">
Black Sun (sculpture)

Black Sun is a 1969 sculpture by Isamu Noguchi located in Seattle, Washington's Volunteer Park. The statue is situated on the eastern edge of the park's man-made reservoir, across from the Seattle Asian Art Museum. The view from the sculpture features the Space Needle, Olympic Mountains, and Elliott Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="18372117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372117" title="Meiden Kakamigahara Station">
Meiden Kakamigahara Station

Passengers can transfer to Kagamigahara Station on the Takayama Line, which is nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="18372127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372127" title="Ogase Station">
Ogase Station

This station provides access to Ogase Pond. 

</doc>
<doc id="18372141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372141" title="Hana (Mémento Mori)">
Hana (Mémento Mori)

"" is the eleventh single by the Japanese rock band Mr. Children. 
The song was released as one of the lead-off singles from the album "Shinkai" on April 10, 1996 on only 500 yen, because its compact disc not contains any B-Sides or Karaoke versions. Like the previous materials, "Hana" also debuted at the number-one on the Japanese Oricon chart, and remained the peak position for a couple of weeks, finally selling more than 1.5 million copies. 
The Latin subtitle of the song which means "think about the death" was named after the photo book that made songwriter impressed, which was taken and edited by Shinya Fujiwara. When the re-recorded version of the song was featured on B-side of a single "Yasashii Uta" released in 2001, its alternative title was omitted. 

</doc>
<doc id="18372143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372143" title="Sunbeam (passenger train)">
Sunbeam (passenger train)

The Sunbeam was a named passenger train operated from 1925 to 1955 between Houston and Dallas by the Texas and New Orleans Railroad (T&NO), a subsidiary of the Southern Pacific Railroad (SP). The train was designated number 13 northbound, and number 14 southbound. 
Originally a heavyweight train, the "Sunbeam" was re-equipped on September 19, 1937 as a streamlined train sporting the Daylight paint scheme of parent Southern Pacific’s other named passenger trains. For motive power, the T&NO streamlined three P-14 class 4-6-2 Pacific locomotives and painted them and their Vanderbilt tenders in Daylight colors. 
Initially, the streamlined "Sunbeam" was scheduled over the 264-mile route in 4 hours, 45 minutes. Beginning June 1, 1938, the schedule became non-stop between the two largest cities in Texas, and the scheduled time was trimmed by twenty minutes to 4 hours, 25 minutes (265 minutes) in each direction. This fast schedule was designed to meet the mile-a-minute timing of its competitors, the Burlington-Rock Island's "Texas Rocket" and "Sam Houston Zephyr".
The "Sunbeam" operated in tandem with its slower sibling, the "Hustler": "The two sets of equipment were dispatched from each terminal in the morning as the "Hustler", making all local stops along the way. Then, at the end of the line, they were turned and sent back as the mile-a-minute "Sunbeam" express." By 1950, flag stops at Ennis and College Station had been added to the "Sunbeam"'s schedule.
With the advent of T&NO/SP's Diesel locomotive fleet in the postwar period, ALCO PA locomotives were often assigned to the "Sunbeam". The "Hustler" was discontinued in 1954, and the "Sunbeam" in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="18372145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372145" title="Haba Station (Gifu)">
Haba Station (Gifu)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18372156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372156" title="Benjamin L. Willard">
Benjamin L. Willard

Captain Benjamin L. Willard, portrayed by Martin Sheen, is a fictional character and the protagonist of Francis Ford Coppola's 1979 film "Apocalypse Now". His character is loosely based on the character Charles Marlow from Joseph Conrad's novella "Heart of Darkness". He is a veteran U.S. Army special operations officer who is dispatched to kill the renegade Colonel Walter E. Kurtz.
Biography.
Captain Willard is a U.S. Army officer who has been attached to MACV-SOG to carry out special operations missions, primarily as an assassin. He has already returned home once, but failed to integrate back into society and was divorced by his wife. Despite his desire to return to the United States, once he had gone back all he could think about was "getting back into the jungle". He has killed at least six people at close quarters, "close enough for them to breathe their last breath in my face," but never a fellow American.
Frustrated by his state of limbo in Saigon, where he is aimlessly stationed without a mission, he drinks heavily and ponders a return to the jungle. He is taken to a briefing in Nha Trang, where he is instructed to take a patrol boat upstream and kill renegade Colonel Walter E. Kurtz, who has gone insane. He accepts the mission, wondering "what the hell else was I gonna do?" Using a U.S. Navy Patrol Boat River, Willard travels up the Nung River to Cambodia, where Kurtz and his private army have a fortified base. He rarely converses with the boat's crew, preferring isolation.
He and his crew are transported to the river's mouth by a manic Air Cavalry commander, Lieutenant Colonel Kilgore, an eccentric whose values clash with Willard's. The trip upriver incorporates entertainment provided by "Playboy" models travelling with the United Service Organizations and a close encounter with a tiger while searching for mangoes with Chef. During the trip, Willard reads the dossier on Kurtz and starts to understand Kurtz's actions and become more disassociated from his superiors.
Willard learns that the previous man sent to kill Kurtz, Captain Richard Colby, has now joined Kurtz. The crew are attacked by Kurtz's Montagnards and Chef is killed. Willard no longer fears Kurtz but is overpowered by an urge to confront him. He is brought to Kurtz, and they discuss Willard's mission and philosophy. Willard stays at the camp for four days before finally completing his mission by killing Kurtz, right before Kurtz asks him to tell his family what he has done. He leaves in the PBR and heads back downriver, upon which, the movie ends.

</doc>
<doc id="18372160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372160" title="Unumajuku Station">
Unumajuku Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18372173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372173" title="Information diagram">
Information diagram

An information diagram is a type of Venn diagram used in information theory to illustrate relationships among Shannon's basic measures of information: entropy, joint entropy, conditional entropy and mutual information. Information diagrams are a useful pedagogical tool for teaching and learning about these basic measures of information, but using such diagrams carries some non-trivial implications. For example, Shannon's entropy in the context of an information diagram must be taken as a signed measure. (See the article "Information theory and measure theory" for more information.)
Random variables X, Y, and Z are said to form a Markov chain if Z and X are independent given Y. Thus, Y contains all the information of X that is relevant to Z. And, thus, knowing X does not add anything to one's knowledge of Z when Y is given.

</doc>
<doc id="18372179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372179" title="Etoko, Cameroon">
Etoko, Cameroon

Etoko is a village in Cameroon located 27 miles from Mamfe town, 65 miles from Bamenda town.

</doc>
<doc id="18372188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372188" title="John D. Hancock">
John D. Hancock

John D. Hancock (born February 12, 1939) is an American stage and film director, producer and writer. He is perhaps best known for his work on "Bang the Drum Slowly". Hancock's theatrical work includes direction of both classic and contemporary plays, from Shakespeare to Saul Bellow.
Early life.
John was born in Kansas City, Missouri, US, the son of Ralph and Ella Mae Rosenthal Hancock. His father was a musician with the NBC Symphony Orchestra in Chicago, Illinois, and his mother a schoolteacher. Hancock spent his youth between their home in Chicago and their fruit farm in La Porte, Indiana. In high school he was the Assistant Concertmaster of the Chicago Youth Orchestra playing the violin.
Hancock graduated from Harvard University. He continued his theatrical studies in Europe with a grant from Harvard and observed Bertolt Brecht's Berliner Ensemble.
Career.
He made his directorial debut at age 22 with the Off-Broadway hit production of Bertolt Brecht's "Man Equals Man". This was followed by Robert Lowell's "Endicott and the Red Cross". In 1968, Hancock directed Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream", which won him the Obie Award for Distinguished Director for the 1967–68 season. "Cue Magazine" noted, "This brutal, vulgar, and erotic production of Shakespeare's sex fantasy is the most original and arresting I've ever witnessed. This is the best of all the Dreams and an important pioneering effort in re-interpreting the play."
Hancock's success on the New York stage led to his appointment as Artistic Director of the famed San Francisco Actor's Workshop in 1965. He later was appointed Artistic Director of the Pittsburgh Playhouse and The New Repertory Theatre in New York City.
Hancock worked closely on several occasions with playwright and author Tennessee Williams, who stated in his book "Memoirs" that Hancock was "the only director who has ever suggested to me transpositions of material that were artistically effective..."
In 1970, his "Sticky My Fingers... Fleet My Feet" was nominated for a Short-Subject Live-Action Academy Award. Hancock directed the short film with a grant from the American Film Institute. CBS purchased the film and aired it during halftime of their Thanksgiving football game. It was released nationally with the Woody Allen feature "Bananas".
As a feature film director, he is best known for the 1973 film "Bang the Drum Slowly", starring Robert De Niro and Michael Moriarty. Hancock's other early film credits were "Let's Scare Jessica to Death" (1971) and "Baby Blue Marine" (1976). He worked on "Jaws 2" (1978) before being removed from the production.
Hancock served on the Board of Trustees for the American Film Institute between 1973–1977.
A very difficult and controversial period that surrounded Hancock involved "Jaws 2" which impacted his career as a director. Hancock did not have the experience to deal with the bureaucracy and became a pawn between the powerful political Hollywood studio players. He was the original director of "Jaws 2", and his wife Dorothy Tristan did rewrites of the original screenplay by Howard Sackler, who had recommended Hancock for the job.
Hancock ran into trouble with MCA executive Sid Sheinberg. Sheinberg suggested to Hancock and Tristan that his wife Lorraine Gary "should go out on a boat and help to rescue the kids." When told of the idea, producer Richard D. Zanuck replied, "Over my dead body." "Obviously, what I should have done then was to get Zanuck and Sheinberg in the same room and say, 'Okay, you guys should give me direction, because I really don't want to get between you two.' I was caught between these huge forces like a babe in the woods and paid the price for it. "Jaws 2" is a very bitter, painful experience that took years to recover from." In June 1977, after a meeting with the producers and Universal executives, the director was abruptly fired. Production was shut down for a few weeks. They had been involved in the film for eighteen months. Jeannot Szwarc was hired to take over as director, and the script was rewritten by Carl Gottlieb.
He followed this experience with "California Dreaming" (1979). In the 1980s and 1990s, Hancock directed episodes of NBC's "Hill Street Blues" and CBS's "The Twilight Zone" (1985 series). He directed the prison film "Weeds" (1987) starring Nick Nolte and the holiday family movie "Prancer" (1989).
In 1998, Hancock opened his production company FilmAcres in LaPorte, Indiana, where he spent some of his childhood. In 1999, he produced and directed "A Piece of Eden" starring Tyne Daly. It is a semi-autobiographical story about a fruit farm and the relationship between a father and his son. The suspense thriller "Suspended Animation" was directed by Hancock in 2001.
Hancock wrote and directed the play "The Brother" in 2007 for a 12-week run at the Theatre Building in Chicago. The spy thriller is based on the book written by Sam Roberts, a noted author and "New York Times" reporter and editor. The play is based mostly on the untold story of David Greenglass who turned in Julius and Ethel Rosenberg for giving atomic bomb secrets to the Russians. "It ("The Brother)" is incredibly powerful. It is exceptional and really not to be missed."
In 2007, Hancock also directed a 12-week run of the Pulitzer-winner "night, Mother" starring Elaine Rivkin and Dorothy Tristan at the Theatre Building in Chicago which opened to rave reviews from the "Chicago Reader".
In July 2009, "Noises Off", under direction by Hancock, received generally positive reviews and sell out houses at the Wellfleet Harbor Arts Theatre Julie Harris Stage in Cape Cod, Massachusetts. "...Hancock displays his ability to make a play flow smoothly. A fast-paced romp from beginning to end. A backstage pass to hilarity." "Director John Hancock is working here almost more as traffic cop or circus ringmaster or knife juggler as he skillfully keeps his nine actors racing through meticulous comedic choreography."
Personal life.
Hancock's marriage to Ann Arensberg ended in divorce in 1974. He married actress/screenwriter Dorothy Tristan in December 1975. He has worked with Tristan on several projects.

</doc>
<doc id="18372190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372190" title="Wende Wagner">
Wende Wagner

Wende Wagner, also known as Wendy Wagner (December 6, 1941February 26, 1997) was an actress best known for her roles in "The Green Hornet" and "Rio Conchos".
Biography.
Born to a career U.S. Navy officer and swimming and diving coach father (John H. Wagner) and a mother (Rudy Arnold Wagner) who was a champion skier, Wagner lived in nearly all the Continental United States with her family's various naval postings. 
While living in Coronado, California, with her family, Billy Wilder then filming "Some Like It Hot" saw Wagner swimming and offered her a screen test. Her parents forbade it until she completed her senior year at Coronado High School. "Some Like It Hot" was filmed at the Hotel del Coronado as well as on the Coronado beaches. After graduating, she visited Wilder and did a screen test, but turned down a role in "The Apartment".
Wagner travelled the world as a fashion model, then made her television debut in an episode of "Wagon Train" in 1959. While living in the Bahamas she became an underwater stunt double in the series "Sea Hunt" and "The Aquanauts". She also doubled for Joanne Dru in underwater sequences in the 1960 film "September Storm". Wagner appeared on "What's My Line" in December 1960 as a "Stunt skindiver for television films". She married fellow underwater expert Courtney Brown whom she had met while working on the shows.
In addition to her scuba diving and swimming she was also a surfer.
After having a daughter named Tiffany, she later divorced Brown and became contracted to 20th Century Fox leading her to roles in "Rio Conchos", "The Green Hornet," and "Rosemary's Baby". She married and divorced actor James Mitchum. Wagner was also friends with Sharon Tate with the two sharing a flat for a while.
Despite such major credits Wagner also appeared in many lesser films such as playing an assassin named "Scuba" in "Out of Sight" and a photographer in "Destination Inner Space" both in 1966. In 1965 she appeared on "Perry Mason" as defendant Anona Gilbert in "The Case of the Feather Cloak." Wagner also appeared in several other television shows such as "Flipper," "Lassie," and "Mannix".
Wagner lived in Malibu but lost her home and belongings in a fire. She was active with the Malibu Historical Society.
Wagner died of cancer in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18372201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372201" title="San Joaquin Daylight">
San Joaquin Daylight

The San Joaquin Daylight was a Southern Pacific passenger train (train numbers 51 and 52) inaugurated between Los Angeles and Oakland Pier by way of the San Joaquin Valley and Tehachapi Pass on July 4, 1941. It operated until the advent of Amtrak in 1971.
Passenger cars.
Pullman-Standard built coaches were assigned to the two train sets, both articulated pairs and singles. The 40-seat dining car and parlor-observation car had been built for the original 1937 "Daylight". Each train set had ten cars painted in SP's Daylight colors (red and orange, with black roofs and white striping and lettering), and included two head-end cars rebuilt from heavyweights by the SP Sacramento shops repainted Daylight colors to match the rest of the train.
Locomotives.
SP initially assigned three P-10 class Pacific steam locomotives 2383-2385 after semi-streamlining them and painting them in Daylight colors at the Sacramento shops. A single Pacific ran between Oakland Pier and Bakersfield; a pair of those Pacifics was assigned between Los Angeles and Bakersfield. The helper P-10 that led the northbound "San Joaquin Daylight" from Los Angeles to Bakersfield returned on the southbound "San Joaquin Daylight" from Bakersfield.
Diesel power included EMD F-units and Alco PAs, later supplemented by GP9s and SDP45s.
Inaugural runs.
The inaugural runs were as follows:
First consist.
2383 P-10 class 4-6-2 Streamlined Pacific Locomotive & Tender
5069 Heavyweight Modernized Baggage 30’ Railway Post Office Car
6091 Heavyweight Modernized Baggage Car
2492 44 Revenue seat Coach
2478 Articulated 46 Revenue seat Coach
2477 Articulated 46 Revenue seat Coach
10200 40 seat Dining Car
2480 Articulated 46 Revenue seat Coach
2479 Articulated 46 Revenue seat Coach
2487 44 Revenue seat Coach
2950 23 Revenue seat Parlor 10 seat Lounge Observation
Second consist.
2385 P-10 Class 4-6-2 Streamlined Pacific Locomotive and Tender (Helper)
2384 P-10 Class 4-6-2 Streamlined Pacific Locomotive and Tender
5017 Heavyweight Modernized Baggage 30’ Railway Post Office Car
6092 Heavyweight Modernized Baggage Car
2493 44 Revenue seat Coach
2482 Articulated 46 Revenue seat Coach
2481 Articulated 46 Revenue seat Coach
10201 40 seat Dining Car
2484 Articulated 46 Revenue seat Coach
2483 Articulated 46 Revenue seat Coach
2488 44 Revenue seat Coach
2951 23 Revenue seat Parlor 10 seat Lounge Observation
Later history.
In 1946 a Sacramento section of the "San Joaquin Daylight" was introduced, named the Sacramento Daylight, trains 53-54. The two trains ran together from Los Angeles to Lathrop, where they split. In 1970 the split moved from Lathrop to Tracy.
The "San Joaquin Daylight"'s dining car was replaced by a coffee-shop car by the 1950s. The parlor-observation car was also removed, though it immediately gained a second life. In 1954 SP placed two of its seven homebuilt dome-lounge cars in the consists; one of the cars was rebuilt from the train's own parlor-observation car. The dome car was discontinued in the late 1960s.
In 1961 the coffee-shop car was replaced by SP's automat cars which had vended meals and non-alcoholic beverages, a self-service microwave oven, and a table area. This lasted to the end of service.
The "San Joaquin Daylight" ran until April 30, 1971, the day before Amtrak took over nationwide rail passenger service in the United States. In March 1974 Amtrak's "San Joaquin" began running between the Bay Area and Fresno and Bakersfield on Santa Fe track in the San Joaquin Valley.
Overnight: The "Owl" and the "West Coast".
The overnight counterpart to the "San Joaquin Daylight" was the "Owl", trains 57-58, between Oakland and Los Angeles, with sleeping cars and meal and beverage service. It was discontinued in 1965, three years before the "Lark" on the Coast Line ended. The "West Coast" (trains 59-60) carried overnight Sacramento-LA passengers until about 1960, though unlike the "Sacramento Daylight" it was a separate train all the way.

</doc>
<doc id="18372222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372222" title="Etoko, Russia">
Etoko, Russia

Etoko () is a village ("selo") in Zolsky District of the Kabardino-Balkar Republic, Russia, located from Zalukokoazhe.
It is the location of the archaeological site "Etokskoye Gorodishche".

</doc>
<doc id="18372223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372223" title="Leonard Crawley">
Leonard Crawley

Leonard George Crawley (26 July 1903 – 9 July 1981) was an English sportsman and later journalist. He was most accomplished at golf and cricket as detailed below, but also played tennis to a very high standard and was an excellent ice-skater, a good rackets player and a fine shot.
Golf.
Crawley was a very accomplished golfer, playing four times in the Walker Cup and winning the English Amateur in 1931, and after retiring from playing sport he spent a quarter of a century as golf correspondent for the "Daily Telegraph".
Played for Cambridge University v Oxford University in 1925.
Won the English Amateur Championship in 1931,beaten finalist (at 37th )in 1934 and 1937.
Won the Presidents Putter in 1932,1947,1951 and 1952.
Won the Worplesdon Open Mixed Foursomes in 1937 with Mrs Heppell and in 1949 and 1950 with Miss F.Stephens.
Won the London Amateur Foursomes with P.F.Scrutton in 1952.
Won the Berkshire Trophy in 1948.
Runner-up in the French Open in 1937.
Played for Great Britain & Ireland in the Walker Cup in 1932,1934,1938,and 1947.
Played for England in the Home International Matches in 1931-32-33-34-36-37-46-47-48-49.
Won numerous amateur events in the 30's and 40's and many medals in the Royal and Ancient Golf club's Spring and Autumn meetings.Was a member of numerous Harrovian winning Halford Hewitt sides.
In 1932 he received an enquiry as to his availability to go to Australia on the M.C.C. Tour ( the Bodyline Series ) but had to decline as he had already been selected for the Walker Cup match at Brookline,at which he was the only British player to score a point.
Cricket.
After some excellent performances for the Harrow XI, including a century against Eton at Lord's in 1921,
Crawley made his first-class debut for Worcestershire against Somerset in early August 1922, even before he had appeared for Cambridge.
Although he did little in that game, against Glamorgan a few days later he — named as captain — made 91 out of 198 in Worcestershire's first innings.
In 1923 Crawley appeared regularly for Cambridge, fitting his Worcestershire appearances around those for the university, and he had a very successful year, ending with 801 first-class runs (his highest season's aggregate) at an average of 44.50. His three games for Worcestershire in August included his maiden hundred: a knock of 161 against Northamptonshire at Worcester. In this game he shared a third-wicket stand of 304 with William Fox;
however, MCC declared both Crawley and Fox's qualifications to play for the county invalid.
Fox was to play on for Worcestershire after a two-season break, but Crawley left the county at the end of the summer.
Crawley went with MCC to the Caribbean in the winter of 1925-26, although as West Indies had yet to attain Test status this was not considered a major tour, and he played no first-class games. Upon his return he joined Essex, with whom he remained until the end of his county career. Although he never turned out for more than a few games each summer, he produced some notable feats of batting, such as the second-innings 176 not out he hit, under pressure of time, to beat Sussex in 1927.
Crawley's highest score of 222 was made in 1928 against Glamorgan, although this was a drawn game in which the teams' combined first innings approached a thousand.
A more impressive feat came in July 1936 (not 1937 as his "Wisden" obituary states) when he played his first match of the season (again against Glamorgan). In this game he made 118 in an innings where no other batsman passed 18.
The effort involved, however, meant that he was unable to bat in the second innings.
This was in fact to be the last century of his career, as he effectively retired at the end of the season, save only for one final outing, for MCC against Cambridge, in 1939.
A number of Crawley's relatives played first-class cricket: the most significant of these was his cousin Aidan Crawley, who played 87 first-class matches, mostly between 1927 and 1932.
Golf team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="18372226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372226" title="Leo Roget">
Leo Roget

Leo Thomas Earl Roget (born 1 August 1977) is an involuntarily retired English footballer who has played in The Football League for Southend United, Stockport County, Reading and Brentford.
Career.
Roget made his Football League debut for Southend United in the 1–0 defeat at Portsmouth on 27 August 1996.
In July 2008, Gillingham announced that Roget was on trial with the Kent club.
Roget returned to Conference National club, Rushden & Diamonds on 27 November 2008 after being released by Braintree Town. He was released from Rushden & Diamonds at the start of January 2009, after just one appearance in the Conference. He went on to join Harlow Town in 2010, leaving the club in July 2011 citing "personal reasons".
Boxing.
Roget is scheduled to fight his first professional boxing match against Mitch Mitchell on December 7, 2013, at York Hall. He will thus follow fellow ex-footballers Curtis Woodhouse and Leon McKenzie into boxing.

</doc>
<doc id="18372234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372234" title="Trelawny of the 'Wells'">
Trelawny of the 'Wells'

"Trelawny of the 'Wells'" is an 1898 comic play by Arthur Wing Pinero. It tells the story of a theatre star who attempts to give up the stage for love, but is unable to fit into conventional society.
Synopsis.
"Trelawny of the 'Wells tells the story of Rose Trelawny, a popular star of melodrama plays at the Barridge Wells Theatre (a thinly disguised Sadler's Wells Theatre). Rose gives up the stage when she decides to marry her sweetheart, Arthur Gower, in order to please his conservative family. She finds life with Arthur's grandfather and great-aunt, Sir William and Lady Tralfagar, unbearably dull and they detest her loud and unrestrained personality. Rose runs back to the theatre, abandoning Arthur. But her experience of the 'real world' has killed her talent for melodrama, and she cannot recapture the liveliness that had made her a star. Meanwhile, Arthur has secretly run away to become an actor at the Bristol Old Vic.
The problem is solved when Rose encounters Sir William again, and she reawakens his memory of admiring the great actor Edmund Kean as a young man. Sir William offers to help Rose's friend Tom Wrench, an aspiring playwright who dreams of staging plays in a more realist style than the melodramas that dominate the stage. Tom stages the play with Rose as the star, and her newfound seriousness fits his style perfectly. Tom secretly arranges for Arthur to play the leading male role, and the lovers are reunited on stage.
Subject matter.
The play is about the theatre of the 1860s and Pinero insisted that the costume and production design perfectly recapture the fashions of the period. It depicts the melodrama that was popular at the time, but Tom Wrench's play is a reference to the new, more realistic drawing-room comedies that were beginning to be staged at the Prince of Wales's Theatre.
Performances.
The play was first staged at the Royal Court Theatre in London on 20 January 1898. It received lukewarm reviews. 
"Trelawny" opened in New York on 22 November 1898, at producer Daniel Frohman's old Lyceum Theatre. It ran for 131 performances and starred Mary Mannering in the title role of Rose Trelawny, Hilda Spong, Mrs. Thomas W. Whiffen (whose husband also appeared in the cast), and Elizabeth Tyree. Fred Williams directed, E.G. Unitt designed the sets, Percy Anderson designed the costumes, and Frank Howson composed the incidental music.
Pinero revised "Trelawny" heavily for performance at the Old Vic in 1925. It was revived in New York that year, as well as in 1911, 1927, and 1975.
An adaptation by Patrick Marber, directed by Joe Wright played at the Donmar Warehouse in 2013.
Film adaptation.
In 1916 the play was adapted into a silent film "Trelawny of the Wells" directed by Cecil Hepworth and starring Alma Taylor, Stewart Rome and Violet Hopson. The play was adapted a second time in 1928 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer as "The Actress", directed by Sidney Franklin and starring Norma Shearer. There was also a 1938 adaptation directed by Tyrone Guthrie

</doc>
<doc id="18372249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372249" title="Douglas Nation">
Douglas Nation

Douglas Codrington Nation (31 March 1916, Crowborough, Sussex — 29 December 1997, Crondall, Hampshire) was a cricketer with but one first-class appearance to his name. This was the Ranji Trophy semi-final in 1941/42: for Northern India against Bombay, Nation batted at number eleven and did not bowl in either innings, in spite of the fact that seven of his team-mates did. With Aidan and Spencer Crawley, he holds the distinction of being part of the only set of two grandfathers and a grandson to have played the first-class game.

</doc>
<doc id="18372255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372255" title="L (Steve Hillage album)">
L (Steve Hillage album)

L is the second studio album by British progressive rock musician Steve Hillage. 
It was recorded primarily in New York, at the Secret Sound, Woodstock, N.Y., and was produced and engineered by Todd Rundgren, using musicians from Todd Rundgren's band Utopia and others.
According to liner notes supplied with the US pressing, Rundgren had only just become aware of Hillage, and following a letter from Hillage to Rundgren, and a reply from Rundgren, Hillage travelled to New York to meet, and the agreement to work together flowed from that. 
The cover features a clean shaven Hillage (most of the publicity shots of Hillage during the 1970s show him with a full beard) holding his guitar, brightly backlit. 
Unusually for Hillage, half the songs on this album are covers. "Hurdy Gurdy Man" was written by Donovan, "Om Nama Shivaya" was written by Kesar Singh Nariula and Uma Nanda, and "It's All Too Much" was written by George Harrison, and originally appeared on the 1969 Beatles album, "Yellow Submarine".
The original Virgin catalogue number for this album on vinyl was V2066. An American pressing was issued on Atlantic Records, catalogue number SD 18205.
In the Q & Mojo Classic Special Edition "Pink Floyd & The Story of Prog Rock", the album came #28 in its list of "40 Cosmic Rock Albums".
Charts.
The album entered the UK charts on 16 October 1976, where it stayed for 12 weeks, hitting a peak of number 10. This was the most successful of Steve Hillage's solo career albums, the next most successful being "Motivation Radio" and "Green", which reached numbers 28 and 30 respectively.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="18372277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372277" title="Suzuki Jr50">
Suzuki Jr50

The Suzuki JR50 is a miniature motorcycle with a 49 cc displacement and a single-speed automatic transmission, using a centrifugal clutch and height adjustable suspension. An oil injected two-stroke engine provides optimum lubrication and an oil level window makes it easy to see when a refill is needed. It is designed for children ages 5 to 12, and has been used for both racing and recreational riding. The JR50's engine was later used in the ALT50 and LT50 ATV's.

</doc>
<doc id="18372299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372299" title="Akatsuki/Ikuoku no Chandelier">
Akatsuki/Ikuoku no Chandelier

"Akatsuki/Ikuoku no Chandelier" ("暁/幾億のシャンデリア; Dawn/Many Millions of Chandeliers") is a double A-side single released by rock band Alice Nine. Its release coincided with the release of another single, "Fantasy". "Akatsuki and Ikuoku no Chandelier" were used as the opening and closing themes, respectively, for the second season of anime series "Meine Liebe".
The single came in two versions, one regular edition which only came as a CD and a special edition which had a music video for "Akatsuki".

</doc>
<doc id="18372340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372340" title="Den store klassefesten">
Den store klassefesten

Den store klassefesten (The great class party) is a Norwegian chat show which was shown on NRK1 in 2000, 2001, 2005 and again from 2008. The programme was part of NRK's Saturday night line-up and the presenter was Dan Børge Akerø. Working with him, Akerø had the comedians Øystein Bache and Rune Gokstad who did a lot of the presenting work in the series. The series is regarded as one of NRK's biggest successes of the 2000s and won the prize for best chat show at Gullruten 2002. Previously, Akerø had won the prize for best presenter for the programme at Gullruten 2001.
The series premiered on NRK on 12 February 2000 and was shown on Saturday nights. The series has ran for four seasons.
About the program.
The programme's concept consists of two famous guests meeting together with their old class for a fantastic reunion. The two guests, (and their classes) compete in different games, sports, and activities - always ending with a quiz at the end of the programme to decide a winner. Members of the teams provide anecdotes and memories of their former classmates, and what they did after the school bell had rung for the last time for them. Some of the contestants have been plumbers, school teachers, and dog trainers, and there are reminiscences about who was the best at different subjects.

</doc>
<doc id="18372405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372405" title="The Road to Jenin">
The Road to Jenin

The Road to Jenin is a 2003 documentary directed by Pierre Rehov, a French-Algerian film director of Jewish descent, whose documentaries mostly deal with the Middle East conflict. "The Road to Jenin" was produced to counter the Palestinian narrative in relation to the "Battle of Jenin", a clash between the Israeli army and Palestinian militants in April 2002 which drew Palestinian accounts of a "Jenin Massacre" (). This film was also a response to Mohammed Bakri's film entitled Jenin, Jenin.
Content.
Rehov's film begins some time before Israel's Operation Defensive Shield in Jenin with the Passover Seder bombing in Netanya, referred to in Israel as the Passover massacre, in which some 30 Israeli civilians were killed and 140 injured by a terrorist bomb. Operation Defensive Shield was launched in April 2002 response to this March 27 bombing, as well as two previous attacks that killed 18.
Israel Channel One, which showed the film on its program "Prime Time", said of it:
"In the last section of the film, the film director, Pierre Rehov, travels to Jenin to interview Palestinians to get their side of the story - but Palestinian were caught in their own lies. For instance, a Palestinian journalist was caught staging a woman giving birth at a checkpoint. Or a Palestinian doctor shows a wing of the hospital that is supposed to have been destroyed by Tsahal. Despite the tense atmosphere and the constant danger, Tsahal soldiers assist Palestinians civilians. One soldier opens a can of food for an old lady who blesses him. A few other soldiers bring boxes of food to a Palestinian family and children.
According to the UN, the Palestinians losses amount to 52, 40 of whom were fighters; whereas the Israeli Army, Tsahal, lost 23 soldiers. Not even close to the Palestinians' accusation of a massacre."

</doc>
<doc id="18372409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372409" title="Candler, Florida">
Candler, Florida

Candler is an unincorporated community in Marion County, Florida, United States. It is located on County Road 464 between Silver Springs Shores and Lake Weir. The community is part of the Ocala Metropolitan Statistical Area. Candler's Zip Code is 32111.
Geography.
Candler is located at (29.071 -81.968).
History.
Candler is a Pre-Civil War Era town.

</doc>
<doc id="18372422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372422" title="Machine Gun o Buppanase (Mr. Children Bootleg)">
Machine Gun o Buppanase (Mr. Children Bootleg)

" is the twelfth single released by Mr. Children on August 8, 1996 just after the release of their album "Shinkai". The album version of the title tune was featured on the 10th track of the album "Shinkai" as "Machine Gun o Buppanase." With the first week sales of over 301,000 copies, the single debuted at No. 1 on the Japanese Oricon weekly charts, but it was the first single since "Replay" not to sell over a millions copies.

</doc>
<doc id="18372424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372424" title="Station UNITEC (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station UNITEC (Tram de Bordeaux)

UNITEC station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location.
The station is located on avenue du Docteur Albert Schweitzer in Pessac in the university area.

</doc>
<doc id="18372435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372435" title="Karel Maydl">
Karel Maydl

Karel Maydl (March 10, 1853 – August 8, 1903) was an Austrian surgeon who was a native of Rokytnice nad Jizerou, Bohemia.
In 1876 he received his medical doctorate at Prague, and following graduation was a surgical assistant to Carl Wilhelm Heine (1838-1877). Afterwards he worked with Eduard Albert (1841-1900) at the Universities of Innsbruck and Vienna. In 1886 he became an associate professor in Vienna, and in 1891 was appointed professor of surgery at the Czech University in Prague.
Karel Maydl is remembered for the introduction of new surgical techniques, including a procedure for treatment of bladder exstrophy, as well as loop colostomy for use in cases of inoperable rectal cancer.
His name is associated with "Maydl's hernia", defined as a strangulated bowel within the abdominal cavity having the loops of the intestines forming a W. In 1897 he was the first physician to provide a description of a disease later known as Legg–Calvé–Perthes syndrome.
His first son, Jai Law, followed in his footsteps and continued his father's research.

</doc>
<doc id="18372440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372440" title="Twin Star Rocket">
Twin Star Rocket

The Twin Star Rocket was a passenger train operated by the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad. Introduced on January 14, 1945, it was the only new streamlined train permitted to enter service in World War II by the U.S. Government. The new train became the second longest north–south train itinerary under the management of a single railroad in the United States (and the longest measured by great circle distance) with its northern terminal at the Milwaukee Road’s Minneapolis, Minnesota depot and southern terminal away at Houston, Texas. The name of the new streamlined train was derived from its terminal states—Texas being known as the "Lone Star State" and Minnesota as the "North Star State". 
Services.
The Rock Island assigned the two "Rocket" train sets from the "Kansas City–Minneapolis Rocket", and one train set from the Kansas City–Dallas "Texas Rocket" was transferred to the new "Twin Star Rocket". The other "Texas Rocket" train set then began operating a daily round trip "Rocket" service between Oklahoma City and Kansas City. Another of the three-car "Rocket" trains operated an Oklahoma City–Dallas round trip daily.
Sleeping cars.
The new "Twin Star Rocket" operated the Minneapolis–Kansas City segment of the trip in daylight hours in both directions, so no sleeping cars were initially carried between those cities. At Kansas City the southbound "Twin Star Rocket" added a lightweight 8-section, 5-double bedroom sleeping car for the overnight run to Houston. The northbound train carried another 8-section, 5-double bedroom sleeping car between Houston and Kansas City. The two lightweight streamlined sleeping cars originally assigned to the "Twin Star Rocket" were "Forest Canyon" and "Thompson Canyon", two cars originally assigned to the "Rocky Mountain Rocket" as Kansas City–Denver cars. The "Twin Star Rocket" served St. Paul (Union Depot), Albert Lea, Des Moines, Kansas City, Topeka, Wichita, El Reno, Fort Worth and Dallas en route to Houston from Minneapolis.
Locomotives.
The Rock Island powered these three streamlined consists with EMD E6A units taken from other schedules. 
Baggage and dining cars.
Each train set was assigned a heavyweight baggage-30-foot Railway Post Office cars, streamlined dining cars came from the "Golden State" and were known as the "Cactus" series as each was named for a cactus—#422 "Yucca"; #423 "Sahuaro"; and #424 "Ocotillo". The "Twin Star Rockets" were fully streamlined in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18372480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372480" title="Everything (It's You)">
Everything (It's You)

"Everything (It's You)" is the thirteenth single released by Japanese rock band Mr. Children on February 5, 1997. The song was the theme song of Japanese television drama "Koi no Vacance". The single debuted at No. 1 on the Japanese Oricon weekly single charts.
"Everything (It's You)" was certified as a million-selling single by the Recording Industry Association of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18372497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372497" title="Robert Ellis Smith">
Robert Ellis Smith

Robert Ellis Smith (b. September 6, 1940) is an American attorney, author, and a publisher/journalist whose focus is mainly privacy rights.
Robert began his career in journalism during high school and while attending Harvard. He was President of "The Harvard Crimson". After college, he wrote for newspapers such as the "Detroit Free Press", "Newsday" in New York, and the "Southern Courier". He also worked for the ACLU. 
Since 1974, he has published "Privacy Journal" newsletter as well as several books, such as "Ben Franklin’s Website: Privacy and Curiosity from Plymouth Rock to the Internet" (2000/2004). From the book: "Just what is privacy? It is the desire of each of us for physical space where we can be free of interruption, intrusion, embarrassment, or accountability and the attempt to control the time and manner of disclosures of personal information about ourselves." 
He has written "Workrights" (1983, E.P. Dutton),"The Law of Privacy Explained" (1993, Privacy Journal), and "Privacy: How to Protect What’s Left of It" (1979, Doubleday) The 1979 book was nominated for a National Book Award. 
"Privacy Journal," one of the longest running newsletters in North America, celebrated its thirty-ninth anniversary of continuous monthly publishing in November 2013. Smith is the author also of "Our Vanishing Privacy" (Loompanics Unlimited, 1993). He is co-author of "The Big Brother Book of Lists" (1984, Price/Stern/Sloan), published to commemorate the fateful year of 1984.
It was Smith who posed as President Kennedy, fooling the crowd in a notorious stunt at the Harvard-Yale football game in 1961. "Harvard–Yale football rivalry" 
Smith, formerly active as a land conservationist for environmental protection, has written four editions of a quiz book called "Block Island Trivia," about the tiny island off the coast of Rhode Island. In the 1990s he was president of the Block Island Conservancy, a non-profit group that purchases land to maintain it as open space. And in the 1990s, he was vice chair of the Coastal Resources Management Council, which is responsible for preservation and orderly development of land within 200 yards of the entire coast line of Rhode Island.
Early in his career, in 1965 and 1966, he edited and managed a weekly newspaper founded by young civil rights workers to cover the civil rights movement in Alabama and Mississippi, "The Southern Courier., see "Reflections." He then was a consultant on press coverage of racial rioting to the "National Advisory Commission on Civil Disorders". He served on the District of Columbia Human Rights Commission in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18372503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372503" title="USS J. B. Walker (ID-1272)">
USS J. B. Walker (ID-1272)

USS "J. B. Walker" (ID 1272) was an old schooner hulk acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. Because of her age, condition and relatively large cargo capacity, she was used as a collier, carrying coal where needed. She was not self-propelled, and required to be towed from one port to another. Post-war, "J. B. Walker" was sold.
Built in Maine in 1879.
"J.B. Walker", a 2,136 gross ton seagoing barge, was built at Thomaston, Maine, in 1879 as a schooner. After operating commercially for nearly four decades, she was taken over by the U.S. Navy in October 1917 and placed in commission as USS "J.B. Walker" (ID # 1272) in August 1918.
World War I service.
For the rest of World War I, and for some months after the November 1918 Armistice, she was employed carrying coal between Norfolk, Virginia, and New England. In late March 1919 "J.B. Walker" was assigned to the Fifth Naval District, probably for harbor service in the vicinity of Norfolk and Hampton Roads. She was sold in September 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18372520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372520" title="Reichel–Polya operation">
Reichel–Polya operation

The Reichel–Polya operation is a type of partial gastrectomy developed by Eugen Pólya and Friedrich Paul Reichel. It is a modification of the Billroth II operation that involves a resection of 2/3 of the stomach with blind closure of the duodenal stump and gastrojejunal anastomosis.
Characteristics of anastomosis.
a) Retrocolic
b) Anisoperistaltic
c) Posterior
d) Full Circumference of Stomach

</doc>
<doc id="18372543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372543" title="Don't Mug Yourself">
Don't Mug Yourself

"Don't Mug Yourself" is a song first released in October 2002 by UK rapper The Streets. It was the fourth single taken from his debut album "Original Pirate Material". The song is performed by Mike Skinner and a friend of his, Calvin Bailey. It reached number 21 in the UK Singles Chart.
The song featured as a plot point in the 2005 "Doctor Who" episode "Father's Day", playing briefly and anachronistically on a car radio in 1987. 
The band Mongol Horde covered the song during their sets at the Reading and Leeds Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18372549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372549" title="Penpedairheol">
Penpedairheol

Penpedairheol may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18372554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372554" title="355th Infantry Regiment (United States)">
355th Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 355th Infantry Regiment is an infantry regiment of the United States Army. The 1st battalion of the regiment is still an active unit of the United States Army Reserve.
History.
The 355th Infantry was constituted on 5 August 1917 in the National Army (USA) and assigned to the 89th Division, which was organized under the provisions of the draft law of May 1917. The unit was organized 27 August 1917 at Camp Funston, Kansas with the enlisted coming from the state of Nebraska, junior officers generally coming from Kansas, Missouri, and Colorado, and the senior officers coming from the regular army. The soldiers drilled ceaselessly over the next eight months despite a lack of adequate equipment, dreadful living conditions, and outbreaks of disease in the camps.
On 21 May 1918, the regiment left Camp Funston for New York and was encamped at Camp Mills, Long Island on 24 – 25 May. On 3 June the regiment entrained from Camp Mills and boarded the transport in Hoboken, New Jersey. They left for England and arrived at Liverpool in the early morning of 16 June. After a brief stay at Camp Woodley they marched to Southampton and boarded a small steamer for La Harve, France on 24 June.
The soldiers conducted final training activities before boarding motor buses, a US Army first, and moved to the front near Beaumont on 4 August. The 1st battalion of the regiment was the first unit from the division to occupy any of the active front and on the night of 7 – 8 August was subjected to a severe gas shell bombardment. The unit continued on the front lines conducting raids, patrolling the enemy wire, capturing prisoners, and gathering information for the upcoming St. Mihiel offensive.
On the morning of 12 September, after a fierce artillery barrage, the regiment advanced 20 kilometers capturing the villages of Euvezin, Boullionville, Beney, and Xammes along with a large number of prisoners and much war material. The unit stayed on the line until 8 October when it was relieved by elements of the 37th Division. They were given a much needed rest, received replacements, and were moved to the Argonne sector in preparation for another push.
On 1 November a new offensive was begun with the regiment held in reserve. After two days of intense fighting the unit took up positions on the front lines to continue the advance taking Barricourt, Beaufort, Laneuville, Luzy, and Cesse before the armistice was signed on 11 November ending hostilities.
On 24 November the regiment crossed the Meuse, Rhine, and Saar rivers to assume occupation duties in the German town of Saarburg. The regiment entered into a strenuous training period and at the final period of training received the highest rating for organizations in the division. On 23 April 1919, General John J. Pershing and Secretary of War Newton D. Baker conducted a final review of the regiment near Trier before the unit was ordered back to the United States.
Movement began on 9 May and the regiment arrived at Brest and embarked on the , then the largest ship afloat. The SS "Leviathan" entered New York Harbor on 22 May and the unit headed for Camp Funston where the regiment was demobilized between 1 – 3 June.
During the interwar years the regiment was reconstituted on 24 June 1921 in the Organized Reserves and assigned to the 89th Division (later redesignated as the 89th Infantry Division). In October 1921 it was organized with its headquarters at Omaha, Nebraska.
On 15 July 1942, the regiment and division were ordered to active military service and reorganized at Camp Carson, Colorado. They conducted basic combat training until May 1943. During this time the Division was redesignated as the 89th Light Division. From May 1943 to May 1944, the regiment conducted maneuvers with the division in Louisiana and Hunter Liggett Military Reservation, California. During these maneuvers it was determined that the “Light Division” concept was unsuitable so they turned in their mules for wheeled vehicles and on 15 June 1944, the division was redesignated as the 89th Infantry Division. The unit began its last stateside training after moving to Camp Butner, North Carolina in May 1944. The division was finally given orders to move to the European Theater of Operations (ETO) and embarked for New York in December 1944.
The original orders had called for the main units of the 89th Infantry Division to disembark in England, and complete further training there. The bloody days of the Battle of the Bulge were not long past and the Allied armies were making slow progress against the German Westwall and before Aachen. So the orders were changed to have the division land directly in France at Le Havre. The regiment left the United States on board the "SS Uruguay" on 10 January 1945. The convoy in which they were part passed through the English Channel 19 January and anchored near the mouth of the Seine Estuary, within sight of Le Havre. After disembarking, the regiment was sent to Camp Lucky Strike, northwest of Le Havre, where it reorganized for combat operations. A member of Charlie Company, PFC Donald Sutton, was the first man of the division to lose his life to enemy action when he stepped on a mine near the camp. The division was ordered into the line in March and was in position by 11 March near Speicher, Germany.
While in the Rhineland, their first action against the Germans was to secure the north and west banks of the Moselle River, one of the last two major natural obstacles defending the Reich, for follow-on crossing operations. A soldier from the Bravo Company was the first division member to fire his weapon in anger against the enemy. By 14 March the division effected a crossing and by 24 March reached the banks of the Rhine, Germany’s last natural barrier in the west. The division made its crossing at the town of St. Goar and once across the entire 355th Infantry Regiment moved forward to screen the division’s front. German resistance began to crumble once American forces crossed the Rhine and raced into Germany. At Ohrdruf, the regiment and elements of the 4th Armored Division captured the largest concentration camp liberated by American forces up to that time. At this point German resistance became disorganized and sporadic. The regiment moved swiftly to Zwickau, near the old Czechoslovakian frontier where it fought in the last action of the war for the division. It fell by 19 April and the unit ceased forward momentum for the last few weeks of the war. They conducted patrols to mop up small pockets of resistance that remained in the region. The German surrender became official one minute past midnight 9 May, however, this was tempered by the knowledge that occupation duties in Europe or shipment to the Pacific Theater was probable.
On 27 May orders came down for the unit to leave Germany and move back to France in the vicinity of Le Havre. The regiment encamped at Camp Old Gold near Doudeville and started its new mission of processing the veterans of the ETO back to the United States. In total, the division processed 343,733 troops from 5 June to 1 September. That fall the regiment was transported back to the United States and it was finally inactivated 20 December 1945, at Camp Kilmer, New Jersey.
The regiment was activated 31 January 1947, in the Organized Reserves with Headquarters at Omaha, Nebraska. The Organized Reserve Corps was redesignated as the Army Reserve on 9 July 1952. On 1 October 1959, the 355th Infantry Regiment was reorganized and redesignated the 355th Regiment and it became an element of the 89th Division (Training). On 1 January 1975, the 1st battalion fell under 5th Brigade (Training). The 1st battalion was inactivated 15 October 1978 and was relieved from assignment to the 5th Brigade (Training).
On 17 October 1996, the 4th Battalion 89th Field Artillery was redesignated the 1st Battalion 355th Regiment and it became an element of 1st Brigade, 95th Division (Institutional Training). The 1st Battalion Headquarters is located in Round Rock, Texas. On 1 April 2008, the 1st battalion was ordered to active duty in support of the War on Terrorism and assigned to the 434th Field Artillery Brigade at Fort Sill near Lawton, Oklahoma.
Lineage.
Constituted 5 August 1917 in the National Army as the 355th Infantry and assigned to the 89th Division
Organized 27 August 1917 at Camp Funston, Kansas
Demobilized 1–3 June 1919 at Camp Funston, Kansas
Reconstituted 24 June 1921 in the Organized Reserves as the 355th Infantry and assigned to the 89th Division (later redesignated as the 89th Infantry Division)
Organized in October 1921 with Headquarters at Omaha, Nebraska
Ordered into active military service 15 July 1942 and reorganized at Camp Carson, Colorado
Inactivated 20 December 1945 at Camp Kilmer, New Jersey
Activated 31 January 1947 in the Organized Reserves with Headquarters at Omaha, Nebraska
Reorganized and redesignated 1 October 1959 as the 355th Regiment, an element of the 89th Division (Training), with Headquarters at Lincoln, Nebraska
Reorganized 31 January 1968 to consist of the 1st and 3d Battalions, elements of the 89th Division (Training)
Reorganized 1 January 1975 to consist of the 1st and 3d Battalions, elements of the 5th Brigade (Training)
1st and 3d Battalions inactivated 15 October 1978 and relieved from assignment to the 5th Brigade (Training)
355th Regiment reorganized 17 October 1996 to consist of the 1st, 2d, and 3d Battalions, elements of the 95th Division (Institutional Training)
Coat of arms.
Crest.
That for the regiments and separate battalions of the Army Reserve: On a wreath of the colors or and azure, the Lexington Minute Man proper. The statue of the minute Man, Captain John Parker, stands on the Common in Lexington, Massachusetts.
Shield.
Azure, on a bend or three alerions gules.
Distinctive insignia.
The insignia is the shield and motto of the coat of arms. The sample of the insignia was approved 27 June 1927.
Symbolism.
The shield is blue for infantry. The bend and alerions are taken from the arms of Lorraine and commemorate service in France during World War I. The three alerions allude to the service in the St. Mihiel and Meuse-Argonne offensives and the Lorraine sector.
Campaign streamers.
World War I.
St. Mihiel
Meuse-Argonne
Lorraine 1918
World War II.
Rhineland
Central Europe

</doc>
<doc id="18372577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372577" title="Parallels Server for Mac">
Parallels Server for Mac

Parallels Server for Mac is a server virtualization product built for the Mac OS X Server platform and is developed by Parallels, Inc., a developer of desktop and server virtualization software. This software allows users to run multiple distributions of Linux, Windows and FreeBSD server applications alongside Mac OS X Server on Intel-based Apple hardware.
Parallels Server for Mac was in development for more than a year before its alpha stage was demoed at MacWorld 2008 and the product was officially released on June 17, 2008. While in beta, Parallels Server for Mac did not allow running Mac OS X Server in a virtual machine; however, Apple eased up on its licensing restrictions before Parallels Server for Mac’s GA release to allow running Mac OS X Leopard Server in a virtual machine as long as that virtual machine is running on Apple hardware.
Overview.
Similar to Parallels Desktop for Mac, Parallels Server for Mac is a hypervisor-based server virtualization software that allows users to run multiple guest operating systems, each in a virtual machine, alongside a primary or "host" operating system. The product's hypervisor allows each virtual machine to function as a standalone server with its own virtualized hardware, memory and processor. However, unlike the desktop software, Parallels Server for Mac is a hardware-optimized enterprise product designed to handle server workloads such as databases and enterprise email and is aimed at the professional market rather than the consumer market. Parallels Server for Mac allows users to run Intel-powered Apple hardware in a business environment without isolating the Mac servers from the organization’s Windows and Linux systems.
Key features.
Users can run 32- and 64-bit guest operating systems such as Mac OS X Server, Windows, Linux, and FreeBSD in virtual machines on Apple Xserves and Mac Pros.
Parallels Server for Mac comes with Parallels Tools, Parallels Transporter for P2V and V2V migration and Parallels Disk Image tool for modifying the size of virtual disks. Also included are the Parallels Management Console, which allows server administrators to manage the virtual machines both locally and remotely and Parallels Explorer, which allows access to virtual machines without launching the guest operating system.
Additional features include:
Limitations.
Parallels Server for Mac can run only on Intel-based Apple hardware which must be running Mac OS X Leopard Server, not Mac OS X Tiger Server or on PC hardware. Also, at this time, users cannot run Mac OS X Tiger in a virtual environment due to Apple licensing restrictions. Also Mac OS X 10.7 (Lion) and 10.8 (Mountain Lion) cannot be virtualized with this software.

</doc>
<doc id="18372609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372609" title="Sign (Mr. Children song)">
Sign (Mr. Children song)

"Sign" is the twenty-sixth single released by Mr. Children on May 26, 2004. The title track was used as the theme song to the Japanese drama "Orange Days" and won the 'Song of the Year' award, known as the 'Grand Prize', in addition to the 'Gold Prize' award at the "46th annual Japan Record Awards" ten years after the group's win for their 1994 single "Innocent World". The single went on to also win 'Best Theme Song' at the "41st Television Drama Academy Awards" and also 'Song of the year' at the "19th Annual Japan Gold Disc Awards". Like their previous single, it debuted at number one with 370,000 copies in its first week.It has sold over 770,000 copies, and became the 2nd best selling single of 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18372627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372627" title="Red River Limited">
Red River Limited

The Red River Limited was a passenger train operated by Great Northern Railway between Grand Forks, North Dakota, and Saint Paul, Minnesota.
History.
Great Northern Railway's third new train set of 1950 was a new schedule named the "Red River". The five car streamliner built by American Car and Foundry Company began service June 25, 1950, operating a daily round trip each way between Grand Forks, North Dakota, and Saint Paul, Minnesota. The train went southbound in the morning returning northbound in the evening.
The cars for the "Red River" streamliner were quite different than those built for the "International" (another 1950 introduction) in that the "Red River"s cars had extra insulation and the coaches were equipped with Baker Heaters as there was no steam heat available at the Grand Forks depot where the cars stood overnight. The locomotive was sent to the roundhouse each evening for any running repairs and service so the solution was the installation of the Baker Heaters in the cars.

</doc>
<doc id="18372640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372640" title="Panic Fancy">
Panic Fancy

Panic Fancy is Japanese alternative rock (a.k.a. mixture rock) band Orange Range's fifth major studio album. Upon its launch on July 9, 2008, "Panic Fancy" topped the Japanese Oricon Album Charts at #1 position. 
The album features both opening and ending themes to the Sunrise anime "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2", "O2" and "Shiawase Neiro", respectively, and also includes a special commercial for "Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion R2" featuring Orange Range in the special-edition DVD version. 

</doc>
<doc id="18372651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372651" title="The White Earth">
The White Earth

The White Earth is a Miles Franklin Award winning novel by Australian author Andrew McGahan. 
The stage version, adapted by McGahan and Shaun Charles, premiered at Brisbane's La Boite Theatre in February–March 2009.
Notes.
Dedication: For my parents, whose life this isn't.
Author's note: This is a work of fiction. While the Darling Downs are real enough, the northern parts of the region do not exist as described here. This story is not meant to portray any actual place, person or event.
Stage version.
La Boite Theatre Company, Brisbane, Australia.
23 February-21 March 2009
Adapted and Directed by Shaun Charles and Andrew McGahan
Designer Greg Clarke
Lighting Designer David Walters
Sound Designer/Composer Guy Webster
Cinematic Design Markwell Presents
Cast Stace Callaghan, Dan Eady, Penny Everingham, Kathryn Marquet, Veronica Neave, Anthony Phelan & Steven Tandy
External links.
http://www.colorado.edu/geography/class_homepages/geog_1982_f06/NativeTitle-TheWhiteEarth.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="18372675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372675" title="Chen Jiru">
Chen Jiru

Chen Jiru (); ca. 1558-1639 was a Chinese landscape painter and calligrapher during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644). 
Chen was born in Huating (华亭; present-day Songjiang District, Shanghai). His courtesy name was Zhongchun (仲醇) and his pseudonyms were Migong (麋公) and Meigong (眉公). Chen's calligraphy followed the style of Su Shi and Mi Fu. Chen also painted landscapes and elegant still lifes.
In 1595 he wrote "Tea Talks" (茶董補), still often quoted in China and Japan, and he studied pottery and created purple clay teapots in the Yixing style. His "Shallow Comments on the Art of Nourishing Life" as well as "A Gentleman's Remarks on Diet" were a reference for many years. 
Chen Jiru left an autobiography which contains a "patently fictitious account of the circumstances of his own death, a most extraordinary innovation," writes the modern scholar Pei-yi Wu, describing Chen as "a member of the literati known for his versatile artistic talents."
In 2007, Jamie Greenbaum, a researcher at the University of Beijing, published a book on Chen Jiru's writings which provides an overview of his larger-than-life personality, as well as an account of the different literary personae he invented.

</doc>
<doc id="18372684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372684" title="John H. Gibson">
John H. Gibson

John Holden Gibson II (born 15 February 1959) is a Texas businessman and former senior official in the United States Department of Defense. He has been chief financial officer, chief operating officer, and managing director for several companies including a national consulting group. Gibson has served as Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Management Reform, and as Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management and Comptroller.
Education.
Gibson attended the University of Texas at Austin, graduating in 1981. He received two undergraduate degrees, a Bachelor of Business Administration with a specialty in finance and a Bachelor of Arts in economics. In 1994, Gibson earned a Master's degree in Business Administration from the University of Dallas.
Business career.
Gibson began his executive career with Westgate Fabrics, Inc. He served as chief financial officer, chief operating officer, and executive vice president. In these positions Gibson was responsible for company finances, operational performance, and strategic planning. Gibson then moved to Galbraith Electric Company where he went through the same job progression of chief financial officer to chief operating officer to vice president. As vice president, Gibson led the company through a business merger. After the merger, he remained with the new company, assisting with business operations and acquisition strategy. Prior to entering public service, Gibson was managing director of the DK Consulting Group of Abilene, Texas, where he helped large corporations plan business acquisitions and mergers. As a consultant, he specialized in banking, construction, distribution, retail sales, and health care acquisitions and mergers. Gibson was also a member of the Abilene Chamber of Commerce’s Military Affairs Committee from 1998 until 2006.
Public service.
In February 2006, President George W. Bush appointed Gibson to the position of Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Management Reform. In this role, he was responsible for promoting management efficiency and streamlining financial operations within the Department of Defense. To accomplish this, he worked closely with the Department of Defense Inspector General, the Government Accountability Office, the Office of Management and Budget, and the United States Congress. Gibson also served as acting Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Financial Management from July 2006 through July 2007.
On 24 October 2007, President Bush nominated Gibson to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management and Comptroller. The United States Senate confirmed his nomination on 20 December 2007. On 15 January 2008, Gibson was sworn in as the 20th Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management and Comptroller by Secretary of the Air Force Michael W. Wynne.
During his tenure as the Air Force’s chief financial officer, Gibson was responsible for managing an annual operating budget of $124 billion. He supported professional training and education programs to help financial managers produce better cost estimates, budget projections and financial analysis for decision makers throughout the Air Force. Gibson also expanded the Air Force Financial Services Center, opening a customer call center to provide financial services to 700,000 Airmen and civilian employees around the world.
Professional associations.
Gibson is a member of the Air Force Association and the American Society of Military Comptrollers. In addition, he actively supports the Association of Government Accountants.

</doc>
<doc id="18372694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372694" title="Who? (album)">
Who? (album)

Who? is the debut album of American R&B group Tony! Toni! Toné!. It was released on October 25, 1988 by Wing Records and was produced by Foster & McElroy, with whom they were friends from their native Oakland, California. They recorded the album at Moon Studios in Sacramento.
Upon its release, "Who?" received mixed reviews from music critics and was a modest commercial success. It only reached number 69 on the "Billboard" Top Pop Albums, although it charted for 44 weeks and produced the number-one R&B hit "Little Walter". The album was eventually certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America, for shipments of 500,000 copies in the United States, and had sold over 700,000 copies by August 1993.
Commercial performance.
The album was a modest success. It charted for 44 weeks on the "Billboard" Top Pop Albums chart, peaking at number 69, and produced four singles, including the R&B hit "Little Walter". On December 5, 1989, the album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), for shipments of 500,000 copies in the United States. As of August 1993, it has sold over 700,000 copies in the US.
Critical reception.
Ken Tucker of "The Philadelphia Inquirer" gave the album two out of four stars and described its music as "fairly conventional pop rhythms attractively crooned", but complimented its "odd influence [...] 'Little Walter', derives its melody from the old Ramsey Lewis pop-jazz instrumental hit 'Wade in the Water'". Joe Brown of "The Washington Post" found the group's voices "impressive" and stated "while their very basic harmonizing over the spartan drum-machine patterns on 'Baby Doll' and 'For the Love of You' are probably serviceable on the dance floor, they'd be deadly dull from a concert seat".
In a retrospective review, Allmusic editor Ron Wynn gave the album three out of five stars and asserted that the group "made a quick and lasting impact with" the album, particularly with its single "Little Walter", stating, "It proved a huge R&B hit and got moderate pop attention, and it helped establish the trio and their creative mix of vintage soul and contemporary hip-hop and new jack production". Fred Schuers of "The Rolling Stone Album Guide" (2004) gave it two-and-a-half out of five and observed the group's "wit" on tracks such as "Little Walter" and "Born Not to Know", but stated, "these moments are so pointed they leave the disc's love ballads sounding flat". Yahoo! Music's Scott Wilson commented that it was "a very solid debut, with the groundwork for what would follow, but they're just getting their bearings. Did spawn a number one R&B hit with 'Little Walter', but not the juggernauts their later work would be".
Track listing.
All songs were written by Denzil Foster, Thomas McElroy, Timothy Christian Riley, Raphael Wiggins, and D'Wayne Wiggins, except where noted.
Personnel.
Credits for "Who?" adapted from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="18372740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372740" title="Kevin Sakuda">
Kevin Sakuda

Kevin Sakuda (born June 18, 1980 in Fremont, California) is an American soccer player who last played for Austin Aztex in the USSF Division 2 Professional League.
Career.
Youth and College.
Sakuda attended Mission San Jose High School. He then attended Duke University where he played three seasons on the men’s soccer team from 1998 to 2001. During this time he was also a member of the United States U-20 men's national soccer team.
Professional.
In February 2002, the San Jose Earthquakes picked Sakuda in the fourth round (thirty-ninth overall) in the 2002 MLS SuperDraft. He spent the 2002 season with the Earthquakes, but never entered a first team game and was released. In the fall of 2002, he then signed with the San Diego Sockers of Major Indoor Soccer League. He would play with the Sockers through the 2003-2004 season. In the 2004 MISL Expansion Draft, the Chicago Storm selected Sakuda, then traded him back to the Sockers on September 24, 2004 in exchange for Byron Alvarez. When the Sockers folded during the 2004-2005 season, the Storm picked him in third round of the Dispersal Draft, but Sakuda did not sign with the team. 
During the 2003 outdoor season, Sakuda signed with the Seattle Sounders of the USL First Division. He quickly became a mainstay on their back line. He played twenty games his first season, a number which injury reduced to thirteen for the 2004 season. Those were the only seasons in which he saw time in less than 28 games. In 2005, Sakuda and his team mates won the USL First Division championship, a title they won again in 2007. 
Sakuda has continued to play indoors since leaving the Sockers; during 2008 he was a member of the Seattle Wolves FC indoor team which competed in the Premier Arena Soccer League during the winter. 
On February 27, 2009 he moved to the Montreal Impact on a free transfer, signing a two year contract.
On July 15, 2009 he signed a contract for the remainder of the season with the Austin Aztex.

</doc>
<doc id="18372748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372748" title="Iio Noritsura">
Iio Noritsura

Noritsura's son was Iio Tsuratatsu.

</doc>
<doc id="18372752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372752" title="Lattice mast">
Lattice mast

Lattice masts, or cage masts, are a type of observation mast common on major warships in the early 20th century. They are a type of hyperboloid structure, whose weight-saving design was first used by the Russian engineer Vladimir Shukhov. They were used most prominently on American dreadnought battleships and armored cruisers of the World War I era.
In the age of sail masts were required to support the sails, and lookouts were posted on them; with the advent of engine-powered warships masts were retained and used for observation and to spot fall of shot. The purpose of the lattice structure was to make the posts less vulnerable to shells from enemy ships, and to better absorb the shock caused by firing heavy guns, isolating the delicate fire control equipment (rangefinders, etc.) mounted on the mast tops. However, the masts were found to be easily damaged by the inclement weather experienced at sea by naval ships during typhoons and hurricanes: the s mast was bent right down to the deck by such a storm in 1918. As the caliber and range of ships' guns increased, heavier rangefinders were required; additionally the guns and powerful engines created shock and vibrations. Lattice masts were phased out in favor of more rigid tripod masts.
Use in the United States Navy.
The s were the first class of American battleships to feature lattice masts, which were to become a standard fixture on all American battleships, and many cruiser classes. All American battleships, up to the battleships were equipped with lattice masts, although in the 1920s to 1930s, the older battleships had their lattice masts replaced with more modern tripod masts. The newer and classes retained their original lattice masts at the start of World War II.
Use in the Russian Navy.
The two s had lattice masts until they were replaced with conventional masts in the beginning of the First World War. The four s were designed with lattice masts, but constructed with conical ones.
Use in the Argentine Navy.
The two s, the ARA Rivadavia and the ARA Moreno had lattice masts. They were the only dreadnought-type battleships built for export by the USA.
Use in Fortifications.
A lattice fire-control mast was installed on Fort Drum, a fort built by the United States to guard the entrance of Manila Bay. The mast directed the fire of the fort's 14-inch main batteries.

</doc>
<doc id="18372763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372763" title="Cheng Jiasui">
Cheng Jiasui

Cheng Jiasui (); ca. 1565-1643 was a Chinese landscape painter and poet during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644).
Cheng was born in Xiuning in the Anhui province and lived in Jiading. His style name was 'Mengyang' (孟阳) and his pseudonyms were 'Songyuan' (松圆) and 'Ji'an' (偈庵). Cheng's landscape painting followed the style of Huang Gongwang and Ni Zan in its wild and natural taste. Cheng also wrote a number of poems. Along with Tang Shisheng (唐时升), Lou Jian (娄坚), and Li Liufang (李流芳), he was known as one of the "Four Teachers of Jiading" (嘉定四先生).
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18372768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372768" title="Elías Pino Iturrieta">
Elías Pino Iturrieta

Elías Pino Iturrieta, (Boconó, Venezuela, 9 October 1944) is a Venezuelan writer and historian. He served as Director of the Venezuelan Academy of History, which he joined on 27 February 1997. Is Director of the Institute for Historical Research at Andrés Bello Catholic University, since 1999. He graduated from UCV in 1962, and obtained a doctorate from El Colegio de México in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="18372845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372845" title="Standard model (disambiguation)">
Standard model (disambiguation)

Standard model may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18372851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372851" title="Black Cobra (film series)">
Black Cobra (film series)

Black Cobra ("Cobra nero" in Italy) is an Italian Blaxploitation series of four action films. All of its films are centered on Robert 'Bob' Malone (Fred Williamson), a maverick police detective who deals out his own brand of justice.
Overview.
The following are plot summaries for the entire "Black Cobra" series.
"Black Cobra".
The film was released in 1987. When a beautiful photographer (Eva Grimaldi) witnesses a murder committed by the leader (Bruno Bilotta) of a vicious motorcycle gang, it's up to Malone to protect her. The gang throws everything they've got at Malone to eliminate the eyewitness, but Malone is tough-as-nails.
The plot is identical to "Cobra" starring Sylvester Stallone, the film in which its name is derived from.
"Black Cobra 2".
The film was released in 1988. Malone is back and this time he finds himself in the Philippines due to a law-enforcement exchange program that his boss ordered. While picking up his luggage at the airport Malone is pickpocketed. An Interpol agent named Lt. Kevin McCall (Nicholas Hammond) tracks down the thief with Malone, only to find the thief dead. After this Malone and McCall uncover clues leading to a terrorist who will kill anyone in his way.
"Black Cobra 3: Manila Connection".
The film was released in 1990. Malone is called in by Interpol to track down some pawns who stole a vital arms shipment in the Philippines. Once the thieves are tracked down, Malone mounts his assault on the criminals' jungle fortress.
"Black Cobra 4 (Detective Malone)".
The film was released in 1990. A gang of Arab terrorists kidnaps a scientific engineer in order to create a device that will make international terrorism more powerful.

</doc>
<doc id="18372857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372857" title="The Tale of the Golden Cockerel">
The Tale of the Golden Cockerel

The Tale of the Golden Cockerel (, "Skazka o zolotom petushke") is the last fairy tale in verse by Alexander Pushkin. Pushkin wrote the tale in 1834 and it was first published in literary magazine "Biblioteka dlya chteniya" in 1835. The tale is based on the short story "Legend of the Arabian Astrologer" from the Tales of the Alhambra by Washington Irving.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18372860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372860" title="Station Pessac Centre (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Pessac Centre (Tram de Bordeaux)

Pessac Centre station is located in Pessac, on linne of the tramway de Bordeaux. It was inaugurated 29 May 2007 and has served since as the terminus of line B.
Location.
The station is located on avenue Eugène and Marc Dulout in Pessac.
Junctions.
SNCF.
Gare de Pessac

</doc>
<doc id="18372863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372863" title="Tromsbuss">
Tromsbuss

Tromsbuss AS is a bus company with operations in Tromsø, Karlsøy and Balsfjord, Norway, on contract with Troms county municipality. The company is a subsidiary of TIRB, that is controlled by Hurtigruten Group.
History.
Bus transport in Tromsø started in 1946 by the municipal owned ferry company Tromsøya Buss- og Ferjeselskap. After the Tromsø Bridge opened in 1960 the company withdrew from ferry transport and changed its name to Tromsbuss.

</doc>
<doc id="18372900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372900" title="2008–09 Ukrainian First League">
2008–09 Ukrainian First League

The 2008–09 Ukrainian First League is the eighteenth since its establishment. The Professional Football League (PFL) decreased the number of teams in the league. This season, there are 18 teams instead of 20 teams competing. Two of the teams were relegated from the Ukrainian Premier League 2007-08 and two were promoted from the Ukrainian Second League 2007-08. To decrease the number of teams in the competition 4 teams were relegated from the Ukrainian First League 2007-08 season.
Promotion and relegation.
Promoted teams.
Both of the following two teams were promoted from Druha Liha and debuting in the Ukrainian First League:
Relegated teams.
Two teams were relegated from the Ukrainian Premier League 2007–08 season after finishing on the bottom of the competition:
Competition information.
Placing of teams in table of standings are done in the following order:
The next tie-break is a simple draw.
Withdrawn teams.
Komunalnyk Luhansk.
After competing in thirteen rounds of the competition Komunalnyk Luhansk withdrew from the PFL on October 17, 2008. The PFL annulled all the results from the competition and adjusted the standings.
Komunalnyk had a record of 2 wins, 1 draw and 10 losses scoring 12 goals and having 31 goals scored against them in the thirteen games that they played in. At the end of the 13th round Komunalnyk was in 17th place in the standings. Yuri Kudinov was team's leading goal scorer with 8 goals (3 penalties).
Knyazha Schaslyve.
Knyazha withdrew on the March 25, 2009. The PFL will award technical victories to teams that are to play against Knyazha after the winter break.
Knyazha in 18 games had a record of 5 wins, 5 draws, and 8 losses scoring 22 goals and having 23 goals scored against them. At the end of the 18th round Knyazha was in 14th place in the standings. Oleksandr Mandziuk was team's leading goal scorer with 9 goals.
Ihroservis Simferopol.
Ihroservis failed to pay league dues on time and were excluded from competitions for the next season.
Final standings.
Notes :
Teams.
In 2008–09 season, the Ukrainian First League consists of the following teams:

</doc>
<doc id="18372905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372905" title="Cui Zizhong">
Cui Zizhong

Cuī Zǐzhōng (; died 1644) was a Chinese painter during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644).
Cui was born in Laiyang in the Shandong province. His style name was 'Daomu' and his sobriquet was 'Qingying'. Cui specialized in human figure painting following in the style of Zhou Wenju in its tense and heightened state. He went on strike for a period of time when Li Zicheng captured Beijing, where he was living at the time. Cui's reputation for great painting led to him to be known colloquially as 'Cui in North'. 

</doc>
<doc id="18372925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372925" title="Rees Howells">
Rees Howells

Rees Howells (10 October 1879 – 13 February 1950) was the founder of The Bible College of Wales.
Howells was born in Brynamman in Carmarthenshire, Wales. When he was 12 years old he left school and worked in a tin mill and coal mine. He later went to USA for better financial benefits where he met a Jew named Maurice who was serving Jesus. Howells also read a book of Prof.Henry Drummond. Both influences caused him to become a Christian. Later he returned to Wales. He was affected by the 1904-1905 Welsh Revival.
He and his wife were later missionaries in Africa. He was led down the path of intercession for many years, before seeing Revival across Southern Africa from 1915-1920. The rise of Adolf Hitler and the outbreak of World War II also marked a period of strong activity in Howells' ministry of intercession.
In 1924 he founded the Bible College of Wales, now called Trinity School of Ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="18372957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372957" title="Etoko">
Etoko

Etoko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18372982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372982" title="Edson Elcock">
Edson Elcock

Edson Elcock (born January 10, 1985 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American soccer player.
Career.
College and Amateur.
Elcock attended Brooklyn Friends School, where he set the record for most goals in a season. He was also on the 2003 Brooklyn Friends basketball team which won the NYS State Championship. He played college soccer at NCAA Division II Wingate University in 2003 where he was the South Atlantic Conference Freshman of the Year. Following the 2003 season, he transferred to Old Dominion University, where he was a 2006 first team All American. In 2006, he helped lead ODU to its fifth straight NCAA tournament appearance as the Monarchs advanced for the first time to the round of 16. Elcock was also honored by the Norfolk Sports Club with the Tom Scott award which is presented to ODU's top senior student athlete.
During his college years Elcock also played for the Brooklyn Knights and the Virginia Beach Submariners in USL Premier Development League.
Professional.
Elcock was drafted in the 3rd round (29th overall) in the 2007 MLS SuperDraft by the Kansas City Wizards and signed a developmental contract. He saw no first team games, only playing eight reserve team games, before being waived at the end of the season.
In 2008, Elcock signed with the Puerto Rico Islanders of the USL First Division. After playing only 9 games and scoring 2 goals for the squad, Edson resigned to continue his education.
Elcock returned to professional soccer in 2009 when he signed with the Richmond Kickers in the USL Second Division, and helped the Kickers to the 2009 USL Second Division championship. On January 14, 2010 Richmond announced the re-signing of Elcock for the 2010 season. Elcock re-signed for the 2011 season on January 5, 2011.
He returned to Richmond again for the 2012 season, agreeing terms on January 5, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18372984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372984" title="Station Camponac Médiathèque (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Camponac Médiathèque (Tram de Bordeaux)

Camponac Médiathèque station is located in Pessac on line of the tramway de Bordeaux. It was opened on 29 May 2007 during the extension line B from Pessac Bougnard to Pessac Centre.
Situation.
The station is located on the avenue Montesquieu in Pessac.
Junctions.
There are no junctions with other tram lines or buses at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18372996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372996" title="Sara Larkin">
Sara Larkin

Sara Larkin (born 1956, Quincy, Massachusetts, USA) is an American painter who gained national attention for "Spacescapes" — a series of paintings celebrating America's achievements in space. 
Biography.
Sara Larkin was born in Quincy, Massachusetts in 1956. She graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, where she developed a lifelong association with Will Barnet. After graduation she continued her education in Japan under the sponsorship of the distinguished philosopher, advisor to the Emperor of Cultural Affairs and President of Osei University, Tetsuo Tanikawa. Under his tutelage she became acquainted with Nobel Laureate, Yasunari Kawabata, and other National Living Treasures of Japan. She spent a year in Bangkok, Thailand as the Women's and Social Editor of The Bangkok World. In Hong Kong, she studied Chinese art with artist, Lui Shou-Kwan, and Lawrence Tam, the Director of the Hong Kong Museum. She also spent this time in Hong Kong, as a gallery owner, consultant, and artists’ agent. In 1971 she became Mrs. Richard Lacey and in 1974 his widow. 
In 1974 under the auspices of the Hong Kong Arts Festival she, with her husband, organized its first exhibition of contemporary Chinese Art. She produced Shui-mo (Water and Ink) which discusses the status of the contemporary state of the Chinese painting tradition in the 20th century. 
From 1977 until 2002 Larkin maintained a studio/gallery in Washington, D.C. and developed her skills and reputation as a professional artist. In 1992 she moved to Annapolis, Maryland, where she served as Artist in Residence at St. John's College as well as continued in her duties as professional artist and dealer. Until it was discontinued, in 2003, Larkin was a Sotheby Associate evaluating works of art for online auctions.
Larkins paintings gained national attention with "Spacescapes" — a continuing series of paintings celebrating America's achievements in space. She researched these paintings by working directly with astronauts and scientists at NASA and Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL).
In 2009, Larkin visited Morocco. She became increasingly interested in the female form; both through belly dancing (which she learned there and described as "exercise designed for to accentuate the female body") and the prevalence of Burkas in Muslim societies. This shift in her focus is represented in her later works, including "Mrs. Potato Head" and "I Spy", a series of photographs taken of pebbles and ridges in the sand which she said evoked silhouettes of women in burkas.
Awards and distinctions.
Larkin has been awarded a special commendation from the Governor of Hong Kong and the U.S. Consulate for special contributions toward Eas-West cultural understanding. In 1976, she was a lecturer at the Smithsonian Institution on Modern Chinese Art, a field in which she has gained acknowledged scholarship. She was awarded the National Endowment for the Arts Artist Fellowship in 1981. Also in the 80's she was commissioned by NASA as one of the nation's artists commissioned to document the U.S. Space Program.
Exhibits by year.
1983: National Air and Space Museum, Washington, D.C.; University of Houston, Houston, Texas; Alabama Space and Rocket Center, Huntsville Alabama, Pan American Health Organization. 
1984: Cleveland Museum of Natural History, Cleveland, Ohio; NASA Visitors Center, Mississippi; Dansforth Museum, Framingham, Massachusetts; Old State House, Hartford, Connecticut; Museum of Science and Natural History, St. Louis, Missouri; Kansas Cosmophere & Discovery Center, Hutchinson, Kansas; Brevard Art Center and Museum, Melbourne, Florida.
1985: Kennedy Space Center, Cape Canaveral Florida; University of Mississippi, Hattiesburg, Mississippi; Dane G. Hansen Memorial Museum, Logan, Kansas; Rollins College, Winter Park, Florida.
1986: El Paso Museum of Art, El Paso, Texas; Expo ’86, Tokyo, Japan; Heritage-Hjemkomst Interpretive Center, Moorhead, Minnesota; Govinda Gallery, Washington, D.C.; National Arts CLub, Membership Show.
1987: John F. Kennedy Space Center, Spaceport USA; Exhibition of Permanent Collection, Federal Reserve, Washington, D.C.
1989: Mass Bay Community College
1990: One Woman Retrospective at the Alpha Gallery, Rockville, Maryland; Oklahoma Air & Space Museum.
1992: The Arts Club of Washington, D.C.
1993: Convington and Burlington, Washington
1998: National Women's Museum
1999: National Women's Museum
2006: Retrospective Third Millennium Gallery, Annapolis, Maryland

</doc>
<doc id="18372999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18372999" title="Jessie Godderz">
Jessie Godderz

Jessie Godderz (born April 23, 1986) also known as Mr. Pec-Tacular is an American professional wrestler currently signed with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) where he is in his second reign as one half of the TNA World Tag Team Champions with Robbie E as The BroMans. Also, Godderz trained in TNA's farm territory Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW), where he won the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship five times.
Early life.
Godderz was born in Rudd, Iowa. When he was 19 years old, he worked as a conductor for the Union Pacific Railroad. He eventually became a professional bodybuilder with the World Natural Body Building Federation and currently resides in Huntington Beach, California.
Big Brother.
Season 10.
In Week 1, Jerry nominated him and Renny; then he won the Veto and took himself off the block. He was the HoH for Week 2 and nominated Steven and Dan. He was nominated with Angie by Keesha in Week 3 and survived the eviction. He was nominated yet again with Memphis by April, and was evicted by a 4-3 vote. On Day 60, he made an appearance in the house as part of a luxury competition, dressed as a gorilla.
Season 11.
Godderz was given the opportunity to join the Big Brother 11 houseguests at the first head of household competition. His clique, the athletes, won the competition, so Godderz became the 13th houseguest of Big Brother 11.
As part of this seasons twist, Godderz was allowed access back into the House after his clique, the Athletes, won the first Head of Household competition. Despite not competing for the title, Jessie was automatically named the first Head of Household of the season. On Day 19, Godderz became the third Head of Household of the season, making him the first person this season to hold the tile of HoH twice. On Day 40, Jeff exercised the power of Coup d'État and named Jessie and Natalie the nominees up for eviction. He was then evicted on Day 40 by a vote of 3-2 and became first member of the jury. Godderz earned ninth place, making him the first member of the Jury. Despite his close friendship with Natalie in the House, he surprisingly voted for Jordan to win Big Brother 11.
Pandora's Box.
Godderz returned briefly during "Big Brother 12" after HOH Britney opened Pandora's Box offering free advice from a past houseguest. The twist was that the free advice was not gameplay advice but fitness advice and the past houseguest was revealed to be Godderz. The two then spent an hour locked inside Pandora's box while the other houseguests were given a luau party in the backyard. He then returned the next season on "Big Brother 13" again with a Pandora's Box offering a shopping spree with Tori Spelling. However, Rachel, was locked inside Pandora's Box with Godderz for a shopping spree of "Mr. Pec-tacular" merchandise, while the rest of the house earned the shopping spree with Tori Spelling. Since she was locked in Pandora's Box, Rachel didn't get to meet Tori or get the free clothes. He made another appearance yet again on "Big Brother 14" when HOH of the week, Ian opened Pandora's Box. Ian got to spend Christmas Day in Pandora's Box while the other houseguest had to see Godderz came into the house as Secret Santa and replacing all of the HouseGuests' junk food with healthier food.
His appearances made him the only HouseGuest to appear on Big Brother five years in a row.
Professional wrestling career.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Ohio Valley Wrestling (2011–2013).
In 2011, Godderz signed a contract with professional wrestling promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) and was sent down to their developmental territory, Ohio Valley Wrestling for further training.
On January 11, 2012 Godderz and Marcus Anthony defeated Johnny Spade and Shiloh Jonze to win the OVW Southern Tag Team Championships, they were later defeated just 7 days after winning the titles in a rematch with Spade and Jonze. On February 22, 2012 Godderz, Rob Terry and Rudy Switchblade defeated Jason Wayne and Shiloh Jonze in a handicap match to win the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship. The team's reign ended on April 7, when Godderz and Rudy Switchblade, who was also recognized as part of the champions under "The Family Rule", were defeated by Anarquia and Raul LaMotta. On April 11, 2012 Godderz and Switchblade defeated Anarquia and Raul LaMotta in a rematch for the OVW Southern Tag Team Championships. On June 20, 2012 OVW Board of Directors member Ken Wayne stripped the titles away from Godderz and Switchblade, after referee Chris Sharpe allowed them to cheat to win the titles causing the titles to be vacated. On July 7, 2012 Godderz and Rudy Switchblade defeated Paredyse and Brandon Espinosa in a ladder match to win the vacant OVW Southern Tag Team Championships for the fourth time. On December 1, 2012, Godderz and Switchblade were defeated by Alex Silva and Sam Shaw for the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship.
Rudy and Jessie went on to have a feud over who was the best member of the best team ever, on the April 6, 2013 Saturday Night Special event Switchblade defeated Jessie in a lumberjack match. On November 6, 2013, Godderz and Switchblade were defeated by Michael Hayes and Mohammad Ali Vaez in a best of three Series Match, he left OVW after TNA ended its two year relationship with the company.
Relationship with Tara (2012–2013).
On October 14, 2012, at Bound for Glory, Godderz made his TNA debut on the main roster as Tara's "Hollywood boyfriend". Godderz, billed simply as "Jesse", made his in-ring debut on the November 1 episode of "Impact Wrestling", defeating ODB in an intergender match, following interference from Tara. On the November 8 episode of "Impact", Jesse teamed up with Tara in a losing effort to ODB in an intergender handicap match. After the match they would attack ODB and humiliate her. Jesse made his pay-per-view debut three days later at Turning Point, teaming with Tara in a losing effort to ODB and Eric Young. On the following episode of "Impact Wrestling", Jesse defeated Young in a singles match. The following week, Jesse was pinned by Young in a three-way match, which also included Robbie E and forced Jesse to wear a turkey suit as part of the Thanksgiving theme. Jesse main evented "Impact Wrestling" for the first time on December 13, losing to Bully Ray despite outside interference from Tara. During the next two months, Jesse would interfere in Tara's matches, especially ones relating to her title. After interfering in Tara's title match with Velvet Sky, Sky would gain vengeance on the couple by teaming with James Storm on the January 31, 2013, episode of "Impact Wrestling", and defeating them in a mix tag team match. The following week, Jesse was defeated by Storm in a singles match.
The BroMans (2013–present).
Jesse started allying himself with Robbie E on the May 2 episode of "Impact Wrestling", where they teamed with Joey Ryan in a handicap match against Rob Terry, which the team lost after Jesse and Robbie walked out on Ryan and left him to be pinned. On the June 27 episode of "Impact Wrestling", Jessie and Robbie, accompanied by Tara, confronted TNA World Tag Team Champions Gunner and James Storm and presented themselves as the Bro-Mans. The following week, The Bro Mans were defeated by Gunner and Storm in a non-title match. Jessie's relationship with Tara ended on July 16, when she was released from her TNA contract. On October 27, during the Bound for Glory pre-show, accompanied by "Mr. Olympia" Phil Heath, the Bro-Mans won a four-way tag team gauntlet to become the number one contenders for the TNA World Tag Team Championship later in the night, where they defeated Gunner and James Storm for the titles. The BroMans made their first televised title defense on the October 31 episode of "Impact Wrestling", defeating Gunner and Storm in a rematch. On the November 22, 2013, Thanksgiving edition of "Impact Wrestling", The BroMans won the first ever tag team turkey bowl match defeating Dewey Barnes and Norv Fernum, in the process forcing them to wear the annual turkey suits. BroMans lost the titles against The Wolves in a house show on February 23, 2014. They regained the title by defeating The Wolves and Team 246 (Kaz Hayashi and Shuji Kondo) at the TNA/Wrestle-1 aupershow in Tokyo, Japan on March 2.
Personal life.
Godderz’s goal is to inspire people who want to lose weight. He wants to be looked up to, as the figure promoting a drug-free, bodybuilding lifestyle. He states this as one of the reasons why he joined Big Brother. Jessie also has a close relationship with his mother. He describes his father as the hero who always gave him the choice of doing what’s right or what’s wrong.
Filmography.
Prior to "Big Brother" Godderz has appeared on various dating shows including MTV's "Next" and "Exposed".
Championships and accomplishments.
1During one reign as Champion Godderz defended the title with either Terry or Switchblade under The Family Rule.

</doc>
<doc id="18373002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373002" title="Ding Yunpeng">
Ding Yunpeng

Ding Yunpeng (Ting Yün-p'eng, traditional: 丁雲鵬, simplified: 丁云鹏; c. 1547 – 1628) was a Chinese painter especially of human figures and landscapes during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644).
Ding was born in Xiuning in the Anhui province. His style name was 'Nanyu' and his sobriquet was 'Shenghua jushi'. Ding's painting followed the style of Qiu Ying, similar to paintings from the Song Dynasty. Ding used pure and minute brush strokes for a strong and terse look and feel.

</doc>
<doc id="18373022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373022" title="Jesa">
Jesa

Jesa is a ceremony commonly practiced in Korea. Jesa functions as a memorial to the ancestors of the participants. Jesa are usually held on the anniversary of the ancestor's death. The majority of Catholics, Buddhists and nonbelievers practice ancestral rites, although Protestants do not. The Catholic ban on ancestral rituals was lifted in 1939, when the Pope Pius XII of the Catholic Church formally recognized ancestral rites as a civil practice (see Chinese Rites controversy). Many Korean American Christians, particularly Protestants, no longer practice this rite.
Kinds of ancestor rituals.
There are several kinds of ancestor rituals such as gijesa (기제사, 忌祭祀), charye (차례, 茶禮), seongmyo (성묘, 省墓), myosa (묘사, 墓祀). Gijesa is a memorial service which is held on the day of the ancestor's death every year. Gijesa is performed until upwards of five generations of ancestors in the eldest descendant's house. Memorial services that are performed on Chuseok or New Year's Day are called "charye," On April 5th and before Chuseok, Koreans visit the tombs of their ancestors and trim the grass off the tombs. Then, they offer food, fruits, and wine, and finally make bows in front of the tombs. Memorial services that are performed in front of tombs are called "seongmyo" Finally Myosa are performed at the tomb site in the lunar month of October to conduct in memory of old ancestors (five or more generations)..
Ancestral rites are typically divided into 3 categories:
Performance.
To perform ancestor rituals, the family at the eldest son's house prepare many kinds of food such as wine, taro soup, beef, fish, three different colored vegetables, many kinds of fruits, and rice cake or songpyon, particularly those that were favored by the deceased. The "shinwi" (신위, 神位) or memorial tablet, which symbolizes the spiritual presence of the ancestor, is placed at the center of the table. In modern days, the daughter or younger son of the family may perform these rites.
After midnight or in the evening before an ancestor's death anniversary, the descendants set the shrine, with a paper screen facing north and food laid out on a lacquer table as follows: rice, meat, and white fruits on the west, soup, fish, and red fruits on the east, with fruits on the first row, meat and fish on the second, vegetables on the third, and cooked rice and soup on the last. The rice bowls and individual offerings to the male ancestors are placed to the west, and those of females to the east (고서비동, 考西妣東). Two candles are also laid on both ends of the table, and an incense holder is placed in the middle. In front of the shrine, they set up written prayer, if the family does not own a memorial tablet (신위). 
A typical rite is generally performed following this sequence:
The altar food may be distributed to neighbors and friends in a Buddhist rite called "shishik", which is a form of merit-making that, along with sutra reading and intoning of Buddha's teachings, expedities the deceased spirit's entry into Sukhavati.
Modern ancestor rituals.
Ancestor worship has changed much in recent years. These days it is common to hold ancestor rituals up to only two generations of ancestors, and in some cases, people only hold rituals for their dead parents. In addition, more people are holding rituals in the evening, not after midnight. People can also perform ancestor rituals in a younger son's house.
Today, in most Korean families, ancestor rituals still remain an important part of their culture and they are faithfully observed. These ancestor rituals, in spite of revised form, continue to play an important part in modern Korean society, which testifies to their inherent importance in the lives of Koreans.
Heotjesabap.
In Andong during the Joseon Dynasty, it was common for jesa foods to be eaten rather than used in the ceremony. Such meals were called "heotjesabap" or "fake jesa food." The most common dish was a special type of bibimbap mixed with soy sauce (ganjang) instead of the more common hot pepper paste (gochujang). They were a common late-night snack for yangban scholars known as seonbi, and many restaurants in Andong still serve heotjesabap today.

</doc>
<doc id="18373026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373026" title="Tew's Falls">
Tew's Falls

Tew's Falls, is a 41 metre ribbon waterfall, only a few metres shorter than Niagara Falls, and is the tallest waterfall found in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Located at the Spencer Gorge / Webster's Falls Conservation Area in Greensville, its source is "Logie's Creek". It is a short walking distance away from Webster's Falls. Also known as "Hopkin's Falls" and "Tunis's Falls." Best viewed in the springtime as it tends to dry up in the summer months.
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Dundas Peak, Crooks Hollow Conservation Area, Christie Lake Conservation Area, Carnegie Gallery in downtown Dundas. There is a picnic area nearby as well as washroom facilities. Ice climbing is allowed in the winter months with permission from the Hamilton Conservation Authority.
"Lower Tews Falls" is a curtain waterfall and can be found just southeast of Tews Falls. It is 12-metres in height and 22-metres wide.
Directions.
In Hamilton, take Main Street West past McMaster University and straight into Dundas. Take it straight past the library and up the hill. Continue straight through a Y-junction of sorts and then turn right on Harvest Rd. There are signs pointing in the direction of the falls. The parking lot is on the right-hand side of the road.
Tews Falls can be reached from Webster's falls via a 30 minute hike along the Bruce Trail, or by a 5 minute drive down "Harvest Road" to the Tews Falls parking area.
From Toronto you can go West on "Dundas Street" (Highway #5) until you turn south on "Brock Street" (To Greensville), left on "Harvest road."
External links.
Video clip.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18373031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373031" title="Steven Daigle">
Steven Daigle

Steven Paul Daigle (born May 24, 1973) is an American actor, television personality, and porn performer. He is best known for his work in gay pornography and on the U.S. reality-television show "Big Brother".
Background.
Daigle was a geographic consultant and rodeo competitor. He has attended the Sam Houston State University in Huntsville, Texas as well as the University of North Texas in Denton. He earned a bachelor's degree in general agriculture/marketing.
Daigle is a champion bull rider on the gay rodeo circuit.
Adult pornographic performer.
Daigle agreed to star in "Steven Daigle XXXposed", a gay porn film directed by Chi Chi LaRue under the director's Channel 1 Releasing studio. It was released on February 20, 2010. Since then, he has performed regularly in gay porn movies.
It was reported that Daigle has also appeared in straight pornography. On October 1, 2010, he appeared in a movie with two girls where he engaged in heterosexual intercourse for the first time.
He entered the gay bareback porn film industry in September 2013 with Treasure Island Media's "Cum Whore". [http://gay.fleshbot.com/5909596/steven-daigle-takes-multiple-bareback-loads-in-treasure-island-debut-cum-whore]
Awards and nominations.
Wins
Nominated
Personal life.
Daigle is openly gay.

</doc>
<doc id="18373039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373039" title="Pete King (saxophonist)">
Pete King (saxophonist)

Peter "Pete" Stephen George King (23 August 1929; Bow, London – 21 December 2009) was a British jazz tenor saxophonist. He was the manager of London's famous jazz club, Ronnie Scott's, for almost 50 years.
Biography.
After serving in the second world war, King returned to London and took tenor sax and clarinet lessons. His first professional work was with Jiver Hutchinson in 1947, before going on to join the bands of Kenny Graham, Teddy Foster, and Leon Roy.
In 1948, he was first tenor in George Evans' Saxes ‘n’ Sevens with Tony Arnopp, Kenny Clare and Les Evans.
He played with Oscar Rabin 1948–1950 and Kathy Stobart 1950–1952. In September 1952 he recorded with the Ronnie Scott Quintet, which also included Dill Jones, Lennie Bush, and Tony Crombie. While playing with the various bands Scott formed in the latter half of the 50s, King was also a member of Jack Parnell's band, and shortly afterwards, together with other musicians left to form Scott's nine piece orchestra featuring Scott and King on tenor saxes and other leading jazz musicians including Derek Humble (as), Jimmy Deuchar (tp), Ken Wray (tb), Benny Green (bs), Lennie Bush (b), and Tony Crombie (d). 
In 1956, both King and Scott were members of the Victor Feldman Big Band.
After the break-up, in 1959, of Tubby Hayes' and Ronnie Scott's The Jazz Couriers, of which King had been the manager, he and Scott opened Ronnie Scott's jazz club and King effectively gave up playing to run the club, which he continued to do for several years after Scott's death in 1996.
Besides being responsible for the day-to-day running of the club, King was instrumental to the negotiations between the Musicians' Union and the American Federation of Musicians to lift the former's ban on American musicians. Although there had been occasional exchanges for specific concerts, i.e. Stan Kenton and Louis Armstrong, the new deal provided for more regular exchanges of British and American players. As a direct result of the deal, the Tubby Hayes Quartet went off to play at the Half Note Club in New York and Zoot Sims was booked for a month-long residency at Ronnie's in November 1961. The success of the agreement led to leading saxophonists, including Sonny Stitt, Stan Getz, Johnny Griffin, Roland Kirk, Al Cohn, Ben Webster and Benny Golson, following suit.

</doc>
<doc id="18373053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373053" title="Hagerman Horse Quarry">
Hagerman Horse Quarry

The Hagerman Horse Quarry is a paleontological site containing the largest concentration of Hagerman horse ("Equus simplicidens") fossils yet found. The quarry is within Hagerman Fossil Beds National Monument, located west of Hagerman, Idaho, USA, at the geographic division of the Snake River Plain. The Hagerman Horse Quarry is an integral part of the monument and is located on the northern flank of Fossil Gulch in the northern portion of the monument. 
The Hagerman Horse Quarry resides near the top of the hillside of Smithsonian Hill. The hill was named from the early Smithsonian excavations of the Hagerman horse. The Hagerman horse is the first fossil representation of the genus "Equus" in North America.
Historically, the Hagerman Horse Quarry was divided into three informal subquarries, the red, the green and white quarry sandstones. Fossils are found throughout the monument; however the Horse Quarry continues to be the focus of paleontological research. 
The Hagerman Fossil Beds National Monument visitor center is administered by the National Park Service. There is a skeleton reconstruction of a Hagerman horse at the visitor center in Hagerman, Idaho. The Hagerman Fossil Beds National Monument reopened the Hagerman Horse Quarry during the summer of 1997. The Hagerman Horse Quarry is closed to visitors.
History.
The Hagerman Horse Quarry has experienced a diverse collection history. Elmer Cook, a local rancher and resident of the area, first discovered fossil horse remains in the late 1920s. He reported the find to Dr. Harold T. Stearns of the United States Geological Survey, who in turn brought it to the attention of Dr. James W. Gidley of the Smithsonian Institution. The Smithsonian Institution field crew excavated from all three quarry beds during the years 1929-1931 and 1934 (Richmond and others, 2002). 
The University of Utah, under the direction of Mr. Golden York, acquired fossils from the quarry in 1953. The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County managed their excavation during the summer of 1966. The Idaho Museum of Natural History collected material during the fall of 1966 and early summer of 1967. The following year, the Pacific Union College in Angwin, California conducted a small excavation. An unknown quantity of fossil material was removed prior to the establishment of the Hagerman Fossil Beds National Monument in 1988 (Richmond and others, 2002).
Quarry fossils.
Based on the documented number of skulls collected from the Hagerman Horse Quarry, at least 200 Hagerman horses are represented from the quarry. Besides the fossil horse, "Equus simplicidens", other large vertebrates collected from the quarry include an antelope, a camel and a peccary. Small mammalian fossil vertebrate genera include hare, weasel, gopher, vole and shrew. Also represented are fossil woodland birds, waterfowl, snakes, turtles, lizards, frogs, toads, salamanders and a variety of fish. Fossil bivalves and gastropods are also represented from the quarry (Richmond and others, 2002).
Quarry stratigraphy.
The western Snake River Plain consists of rift basin sediments that accumulated during the Miocene through Pleistocene Epochs. These clastic sedimentary packages, interbedded with basaltic flows, pyroclastic tephra and silicic volcanic ashes, have a cumulative thickness of 1524 meters (5000 feet), span about 10.5 Ma, and comprise the seven formations of the Idaho Group. The seven formations, in ascending order, are the Poison Creek, Branbury Basalt, Chalk Hills, Glenns Ferry, Tuana Gravel, Bruneau and Black Mesa Gravel (Richmond and others, 2002).
The Pliocene Glenns Ferry Formation spans 5.0 to 1.5 Ma. The formation overlies the Branbury Basalt in the Hagerman area. The Glenns Ferry Formation is composed primarily of poorly consolidated lacustrine and fluvial sediments. The primary exposures of lacustrine sediments consist of laterally continuous very fine-grained sandstone and mudstone beds that outcrop near Glenns Ferry, Idaho (47 km west of Hagerman, Idaho) (Richmond and others, 2002). 
In the Hagerman Fossil Beds National Monument, the Glenns Ferry Formation has a maximum thickness of approximately 183 meters (600 feet) and spans the interval 4.5 to 3.0 Ma. The Glenns Ferry Formation consists of sandstones, siltstones, mudstones, and shales. Basaltic flows and deposits of basaltic tephra and ash of varying thicknesses are interbedded within the sedimentary strata. Thin silicic ash beds are also present. The formation is divided into three informal members based upon depositional facies changes. The lower and middle members are delineated by the Peter's Gulch rhyolitic ash (age 3.7 Ma). The middle and upper members are separated by the Fossil Gulch dacite ash (age 3.3 Ma) (Richmond and others, 2002). 
Lithostratigraphically, the Hagerman Horse Quarry is located within the upper member of the Glenns Ferry Formation and lies 9.5 meters below the contact with the overlying Tuana Gravel. The Plio-Pleistocene Tuana Gravel unconformably overlies the Glenns Ferry Formation and is described as a series of cyclic beds of silt, pebble sands and cobble gravel. Sedimentological data of the Tuana Gravel indicates the gravel beds were deposited on a northwest sloping alluvial plain. Thickness of the gravel beds varies, but is about 50 feet in Fossil Gulch area. The Tuana Gravel is overlain by a caliche, thought to have formed during a Pleistocene interglacial period, and several feet of recent soils (Richmond and others 2002).
Quarry deposition.
Dr. James W. Gidley (1930) originally interpreted the Smithsonian fossiliferous red sandstone bed to have been deposited in a bog or water hole. Death of the animals, he thought, was the result of attrition. C. L. Gazin (1934) agreed with Gidley’s depositional interpretation, but suggested the bog may have trapped the animals. Basing their conclusions on historical information, photographs, and collection samples, Akersten and Thompson (1992) proposed the fossil accumulation was the result of a single flood event, which trapped and killed the horses, then transported their carcasses. They concluded that deposition and burial of the carcasses occurred during subsequent flooding events. Basing his interpretation on historical information and photographs coupled with a population configuration of ancient horse herds, G. McDonald (1996) suggested the horses were killed in a single catastrophic flood event.
The Hagerman Horse Quarry consists of three different fluvial sandstones. The Smithsonian Institution field crew excavated from all three quarry beds during the years 1929-1931 and 1934. The three sandstone beds are informally called the red, green, and white sandstone beds (Gazin, 1934). The Hagerman Fossil Beds National Monument reopened the Horse Quarry during the summer of 1997. The only sandstone now exposed within the monument is the white sandstone. The red and green sandstone remain covered by alluvium (Richmond and others, 2002).
The white sandstone is a medium grained, poorly sorted, trough cross-bedded braided fluvial channel. Presently there is a longitudinal channel bar remaining in the quarry. The grain size indicates moderate paleoflow velocities with a paleocurrent direction to the south-southwest. All three quarry sandstones are interpreted to be ephemeral braided fluvial channel systems that were deposited in the Snake River Plain graben (Richmond and others, 2002).
Taphonomy.
The white sandstone accumulation, consisting of hundreds of bones, resulted from a moderate drought and an ephemeral flood. The Phase II drought on the Snake River Plain resulted in a mass mortality of "Equus simplicidens" in addition to many other macro- and microvertebrates in the quarry area. The terrestrial animals were attracted to a drying pond or marsh, where they died of drought-induced starvation, dehydration, and illness. Decomposition processes resulted in a substantial accumulation of disarticulated bones (i.e. bones of skeletons that are no longer joined together). Subsequently, an ephemeral flood traversed the dry paludal deposit, transporting and depositing the bones. Geologic and taphonomic evidence indicates the bones traveled a very short distance prior to deposition and burial (Richmond and others, 2002).
The red sandstone bed, which stratigraphically underlies the white sandstone bed, also contains fossil material. The Smithsonian Institution excavated the majority of the Hagerman horse fossils from this bed during the 1930s. The taphonomic evidence of this bed indicates that a mass mortality of "Equus simplicidens" was the result of an earlier drought. The red sandstone bed was deposited under fluvial conditions similar to those evidenced in the white sandstone bed (Richmond and others, 2002).
References.
Richmond, D.R., McDonald, H.G., and Bertog, J., 2002, Stratigraphy, sedimentology and taphonomy of the Hagerman Horse Quarry, Hagerman Fossil Beds National Monument, Hagerman, Idaho, 100 p.

</doc>
<doc id="18373056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373056" title="Graziano">
Graziano

Graziano may refer to:
People with the given name Graziano:
People with the surname Graziano:
Companies named Graziano:

</doc>
<doc id="18373077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18373077" title="Du Jin">
Du Jin

Du Jin (Tu Chin, traditional: 杜堇, simplified: 杜堇); ca. was a Chinese painter of landscapes, human figures, flowers, and animals during the Ming Dynasty (1368–1644). Du's specific birth and death years are unknown.
Chen was born in Zhenjiang in the Jiangsu province. His style name was 'Junan' and his sobriquets were 'Chengju, Gukuang, Qingxia tingzhang'. Du later moved to Beijing where he produced many of his works.

</doc>
