<doc id="18333356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333356" title="343d Reconnaissance Squadron">
343d Reconnaissance Squadron

The 343d Reconnaissance Squadron (343 RS) is part of the 55th Wing at Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska. 
History.
The 343d flew combat missions in the European Theater of Operations from, 15 October 1943-21 April 1945. It conducted aerial photography from 1947–1949 and global strategic reconnaissance from 1950-1979. Since 1979 the squadron has provided worldwide strategic reconnaissance support, including operations in Grenada in 1983, Libya in 1986, and Southwest Asia from 1990-1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18333357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333357" title="Janneke van Tienen">
Janneke van Tienen

Janneke van Tienen (born May 29, 1979, Mill) is a female volleyball player from the Netherlands, who plays as a libero. She was a member of the Dutch National Women's Team that won the gold medal at the FIVB World Grand Prix 2007 in Ningbo, PR China.

</doc>
<doc id="18333370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333370" title="Glil Yam">
Glil Yam

Glil Yam () is a kibbutz in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain between Ramat HaSharon and Herzliya, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaSharon Regional Council. In 2011 it had a population of 423.
The kibbutz was established in 1943 by a group which had formed in 1933. The land on which the village was founded had been bought from the Arab village of Ijlil by the Jewish National Fund. Its name is mentioned in the book of Samaritans, which was also preserved in the name of the Arab village.

</doc>
<doc id="18333374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333374" title="Chop Shop Records">
Chop Shop Records

The label works with indie rock bands that are often unsigned or signed with small labels.
Soundtracks of the Twilight series.
Alexandra Patsavas is the music supervisor and soundtrack producer for the films in the Twilight series: Twilight, , , and . All five soundtracks were released on Chop Shop.

</doc>
<doc id="18333377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333377" title="Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Church Act 1707">
Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Church Act 1707

The Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Church Act 1707 (c.6) is an Act of the pre-Union Parliament of Scotland which was passed to ensure that the status of the Church of Scotland would not be affected by the Union with England. Its long title is "An Act for Securing the Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Church Government".
The Act of 1707 has the constitutional distinction of being named in the Regency Act 1937 as a statute that may not be amended during a regency. The Regency Act 1937 provides that a regent may not assent to a bill to amend the Act of 1707, or any bill affecting the line of succession. When the Regency Bill was debated in the House of Commons, the attorney-general explained that "The safeguarding of this particular Act of the Scottish Parliament was expressly mentioned in the Act of Union, and that is the historic reason why it appears here." An act of the Parliament of England, 6 Anne c.8, had made similar provision for the Church of England in 1706, but is not mentioned in the Regency Act.

</doc>
<doc id="18333382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333382" title="Andrew Schabner">
Andrew Schabner

Andrew William Schabner (date of birth unknown; died 1838 at The Strand, London) was an English amateur cricketer who made 15 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1811 to 1824.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) but also played for Surrey, Middlesex and Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18333391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333391" title="Louisiana Department of Public Safety &amp; Corrections">
Louisiana Department of Public Safety &amp; Corrections

The Department of Public Safety and Corrections (DPS&C) is a state agency of Louisiana, headquartered in Baton Rouge. The agency comprises two major areas: Public Safety Services and Corrections Services. The Secretary, who is appointed by the Governor, serves as the Department's chief executive officer. The Corrections Services Deputy Secretary, Undersecretary, and Assistant Secretaries for the Office of Adult Services and the Office of Youth Development report directly to the Secretary. Headquarters Administration consists of centralized Divisions that support the management and operations of the adult and juvenile institutions, adult and juvenile probation and parole district offices, and all other services provided by the Department.
Agency Overview.
Office of the Secretary.
The Secretary is responsible for the functioning and control of all programs within the Department. He formulates rules and regulations and determines policy regarding management, personnel, and total operations. He leads and supports staff, who are charged with carrying out the work of the agency.
As part of the Secretary's Office, the Deputy Secretary is responsible for special duties and functions as assigned by the Secretary. Primary among them are oversight of the Children's Initiative, coordination and management of the Department's Critical Incident Stress Management response, and support and facilitation of the Risk Review Panel process.
Other executive staff carry out long and short-term projects. The Legal Services Division represents and defends the Department in litigation, including Civil Service matters. The Crime Victims Services Bureau coordinates the Department's response to crime victims, including the process of registration and notification and support of a Restorative Justice initiative. The Deputy Secretary of the Department of Public Safety serves as Superintendent of the Louisiana State Police.
Office of Management and Finance.
Under the authority of the Undersecretary, the Office of Management and Finance provides management support to all units in activities involving fiscal matters and grant management, information services, food services, maintenance and construction, performance audit, training, procurement and contractual review, human resources, and the Prison Enterprises Division. The Undersecretary serves as Chief of Staff for Headquarters operations.
Office of Adult Services.
Under the direction of an Assistant Secretary, the Office of Adult Services (OAS) provides administrative oversight of and support for the operational programs of the adult institutions and provides technical assistance to local jail facilities. The Assistant Secretary leads and directs the Department's operational audit teams, which conduct audits of all adult and juvenile institutions, non-secure contract facilities, and community work release centers and assist all units with matters relative to the maintenance of American Correctional Association (ACA) accreditation. OAS staff support the Administrative Remedy Procedure and disciplinary appeal processes, screen and recommend inmates for participation in work release, and maintain central office ACA accreditation. There are eleven adult institutions under the broad authority of the Assistant Secretary, including two operated under contractual agreements with private management corporations.
Office of Youth Development.
Under the direction of an Assistant Secretary, the Office of Youth Development (OYD) has policy oversight and support responsibilities for state programs for youth who are adjudicated delinquent and many youth and their families ruled in need of services by courts of juvenile jurisdiction. OYD staff also support the Administrative Remedy Procedure and disciplinary appeal processes for juveniles and perform quality assurance activities for the juvenile institutions.
Additionally, the Division of Youth Services (DYS) provides probation and parole supervision and coordinates both residential and non-residential treatment services for delinquent youth and for status offenders and their families. DYS has offices located in Alexandria, Baton Rouge, Harvey, Hammond, Lafayette, Lake Charles, Monroe, Natchitoches, New Orleans, Opelousas, Shreveport, Tallulah, and Thibodaux. As of May 30, 2003, there were 6476 youth under supervision – 5630 as adjudicated delinquents and 846 as FINS (Families in Need of Services).
Division of Probation and Parole-Adult.
The Division of Probation and Parole-Adult, comprising twenty-one district offices throughout the state and a Headquarters Office in Baton Rouge, functions as a community services division. Officers of the division supervise adult offenders who are released to the community on probation, parole, diminution of sentence, or medical furlough. They supervise inmates in ten community rehabilitation centers (CRCs) and the intensive parole cases from institutional IMPACT (Intensive Motivational Program of Alternative Correctional Treatment). Officers in the division provide investigative services to decision-makers in the criminal justice system, including judges, the Parole and Pardon Boards, and the Governor's Office. They oversee collection of various criminal justice fees, supervision fees, and victim restitution. District offices are located in Alexandria, Amite, Baton Rouge, Chalmette, Clinton, Covington, Harvey, Lafayette, Lake Charles, Leesville, Minden, Monroe, Natchitoches, New Iberia, New Orleans-West, New Orleans-East, Port Allen, Shreveport, Tallulah, Thibodaux, and Ville Platte. During FY 2002-03, officers supervised collection of more than $20,752,527. As of July 1, 2003, officers of the division were supervising 63,000 offenders.
Prison Enterprises Division.
The Prison Enterprises Division (PE) helps to reduce the overall cost of prison operations and the operating costs of other state agencies, local government entities, and other tax-supported institutions primarily by operating self-supported industrial and agricultural businesses that employ inmates in meaningful jobs, teach them marketable skills and good work habits, and provide quality, cost-effective products and services. PE pays incentive wages for all inmates who are eligible. Farming operations include row crops and garden vegetables, range herds, a swinery, food processing, a feed mill, land leveling, hay production, and forestry. Industrial operations include the manufacture of license plates, mattresses, mops, brooms, chemicals, garments, and office chairs; a print shop; silkscreen operations; a plastic sign shop; metal fabrication; embroidery and furniture refurbishing; and janitorial services for other agencies.
Board of Pardons.
The five members of the Board of Pardons are appointed by the Governor. The board meets on regularly scheduled, publicly announced dates to consider applications for pardon, sentence commutation, and restoration of rights and privileges of citizenship. All of the board's recommendations for clemency are forwarded to the Governor for final action.
Board of Parole.
The seven members of the Board of Parole are appointed by the Governor. Board members function in three-person panels to grant or deny parole to inmates who are eligible for parole, set behavioral conditions for inmates released to parole by action of the board or by diminution of sentence, and hold hearings for inmates facing revocation for violating conditions of their release from incarceration.
Public Safety Services.
Louisiana Department of Public Safety (LADPS) Public Safety Services has several divisions, including the Office of Management and Finance, the Louisiana Highway Safety Commission, and the Louisiana Oil Spill Coordinator's Office.
Corrections Services.
Corrections Services (referred to as the Department of Corrections) is responsible for the custody of adult inmates across Louisiana. About 19,000 of Louisiana's 37,000 prisoners are assigned to the state’s thirteen correctional facilities. The remaining incarcerated prisoners are assigned to parish facilities. The state's facilities do not have the capacity to house all offenders sentenced under state law, so the state reimburses local governments housing prisoners with state sentences.
History.
In 1835, the first Louisiana State Penitentiary was built at the corner of 6th and Laurel Streets in Baton Rouge. In 1844, the penitentiary, including the prisoners, was leased to the private firm of McHatton Pratt and Company. Union Troops occupied the penitentiary during the Civil War, and in 1869, the lease was awarded to a former Confederate Major by the name of Samuel James. Major James oversaw the Louisiana Corrections system for the next 31 years.
From 1901 until 1916, Corrections was operated by the Board of Control, a three member panel appointed by the Governor of Louisiana. One of the first actions taken by the new board was the purchase of the Angola Plantation. New camps were built and many new security officers were hired.
In 1916, the legislature abolished the Board of Control and appointed a General Manager of the penitentiary. The new General Manager, Henry L. Fuqua, fired almost all of the officers at Angola and in their place put selected inmate "trusty guards". The manager also purchased an additional of land, increasing the size of the State Penitentiary to .
In 2010, the agency announced that it may sell some prisons in order to generate funds.
Operations.
Male inmates from all parishes enter the DOC system through the Hunt Reception and Diagnostic Center (HRDC) at Elayn Hunt Correctional Center. Prior to the 2010 redesignation of Forcht-Wade Correctional Center as a substance abuse facility, male inmates from northern parishes entered the DOC system through the Wade Reception and Diagnostic Center (WRDC) at Martin L. Forcht, Jr., Clinical Treatment Unit, which was a satellite of David Wade Correctional Center. Male inmates from southern parishes entered the DOC system through the HRDC. Male death row inmates are transferred directly from their parish of sentencing to the Louisiana State Penitentiary (Angola). Male inmates who have over 30 years to their earliest possible release dates and male inmates sentenced to life in prison typically are assigned to the Louisiana State Penitentiary. Some young inmates with life sentences go to Wade Correctional Center.
Prior to July 2012, Male inmates within seven years of their release who have positive behavior and work records and who are not inherently prohibited by the crimes they committed were eligible to be transferred to the minimum security J. Levy Dabadie Correctional Center, which is located on the grounds of Camp Beauregard.
Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women (LCIW) is the only state prison in Louisiana housing female offenders, and the facility houses females of all security levels, including female death row inmates. Women enter the DOC system through the Female Reception and Diagnostic Center (FRDC).
The state execution chamber is at Louisiana State Penitentiary.
Inmates in need of medical attention who require more than standard health care are taken to the Louisiana State University Health Sciences Center Health Care Services Division. Inpatient mental health care for men is provided at Louisiana State Penitentiary and Elayn Hunt Correctional Center. Inpatient mental health care for women is provided at LCIW.
Sex offenders may be housed in any Louisiana state prison except for J. Levy Dabadie. J. Levy Dabadie serves as the transportation hub between the prisons of north Louisiana and the prisons of south Louisiana; out of Dabadie, prisoners are transferred to and from the Hunt and Wade reception centers.
Due to 2006 state legislation sponsored by Senator Rob Marionneaux prohibiting tobacco smoking in public places, prisons began to curtail the tobacco smoking on their property. Beginning on May 15, 2009, Avoyelles Correctional Center and Dixon Correctional Institute started a pilot program where tobacco smoking was limited to certain areas at certain times in their facilities. On August 15, 2009, tobacco smoking at Louisiana state prisons became limited.
Facilities.
The Louisiana Department of Public Safety and Corrections previously handled the care of juvenile prisoners. The juvenile centers that were operated by the department included:
In 2004 the juvenile system separated from the adult system. The Louisiana Office of Juvenile Justice now operates juvenile institutions.
The state of Louisiana has a guarantee that private prisons under the state authority will each have at least a 96% occupancy, and in the event such an occupancy is not met, the private prisons are paid as if they were at 96% occupancy.
Population.
As of September 30, 2009, 39,726 adults were under the custody of the DOC. Of them, 19,013 adult inmates (51%) were in state prisons, 19,634 (49%) were in local jails, and 1,079 adults (less than 1%, rounding to zero) were in contract work release. Of the people in DOC custody, 93.4% were male and 6.6% were female. Of the population, 69.8% were Black, 29.9% were White, and .3% were other.
As of September 30, 2009, 4,310 offenders were incarcerated with life sentences in state prisons, representing 10.8% of the prison population. Of the people with life sentences, 73.2% were Black, 26.6% were White, and .2% were other. 97.1% were male and 2.9% were female.
As of September 30, 2009, 84 people, including 82 males and 2 females, were on death row for committing violent crimes. The death row population constituted .2% of Louisiana's incarcerated offenders. Of the death row offenders, 64.6% were Black, 34.1% were White, and 1.3% were other. The average age of a death row offender was 38.5 years, and the average age of conviction was 27.6 years.
Employees.
As of 2010, the department has about 6,200 employees. 82% of them work inside state prisons.
Fallen officers.
Since its inception, the Louisiana Department of Public Safety & Corrections has lost seven officers in line-of-duty deaths.

</doc>
<doc id="18333413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333413" title="Annett (Hampshire cricketer)">
Annett (Hampshire cricketer)

Annett (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made six known appearances in first-class cricket matches from 1788 to 1792.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Hampshire but also represented All-England.

</doc>
<doc id="18333414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333414" title="Dan Radakovich (American football)">
Dan Radakovich (American football)

Dan Radakovich (born 1935) is a former NFL football player and later an offensive line coach who helped coach the Pittsburgh Steelers to multiple Super Bowl wins in the 1970s. He spent 48 years in collegiate and professional coaching before his retirement in 2008.
Radakovich graduated from Penn State in 1957, and immediately began working on the coaching staff of the Nittany Lions, which he continued until 1969. He went Cincinnati in 1970, but joined the Steelers in 1971.
Described as "lean, and blond, a center in his playing days", Radakovich was "a Western Pennsylvania guy who had been on Noll's staff in 1971 but resigned to take a coaching job in college football". Radakovich subsequently returned to working with professional football, where he helped persuade Chuck Noll to draft Franco Harris out of Penn State.
After a stint in Colorado, he coached the Steelers offensive line from 1974-1977. In 1978, Radakovich left Pittsburgh to work on the coaching staff of the San Francisco 49ers, then switched to the Los Angeles Rams in 1979. His last position was as an assistant with Robert Morris University.

</doc>
<doc id="18333427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333427" title="Benjamin Clifton">
Benjamin Clifton

Benjamin Clifton (born 1774 in St Kitts; date of death unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 11 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1797 to 1798.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) but also represented All-England and the Montpelier Cricket Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18333431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333431" title="Valentine (TV series)">
Valentine (TV series)

Valentine is a romantic comedy/drama television series that aired on The CW and City in Canada from October 5, 2008 to July 19, 2009. The series was created by Kevin Murphy, who also serves as executive producer alongside Courtney Conte. The show was produced by Media Rights Capital and aired on Sundays at 8:00pm. On November 20, 2008, CW pulled "Valentine" along with "Easy Money". However, the series returned on Sunday, June 28, 2009 to begin burning off the remaining unaired episodes. The show's only season averaged 0.72 million viewers and 0.2 demo in Adults 18-49.
Premise.
The show focuses on the Valentine family, a group of gods living amongst humans. They must keep their true identities secret as they do whatever it takes to bring soulmates together. In modern times however the gods' methods have become less effective, and unless they improve their matchmaking skills they will end up becoming mortal. As a result Grace, aka the goddess Aphrodite, has decided to recruit romance novelist Kate Providence to help them adapt their skills. With help from the fates and the Oracle of Delphi, now housed in a hot tub, it is up to the gods and Kate to help bring love back into people's lives.
Production.
The show was ordered into production after Media Rights Capital (MRC) took over programming Sunday nights on The CW. The show was originally titled "Valentine, Inc." but dropped the "Inc." from the title prior to the fall 2008 television season. The 13-episode first season filmed in the Los Angeles area, with filming primarily taking place at the Los Angeles Centre Studios. The show is filmed on Sound Stage 1, which has previously been used to film "Women's Murder Club" and also "Mad Men".
On October 13, 2008, MRC stopped production on "Valentine" for 4–6 weeks, due to failure to secure a bridge loan to complete the order. This meant that only eight of the 13 episodes ordered were filmed prior to the hiatus. Two weeks later, MRC canceled both "Valentine" and "Easy Money". On November 20, 2008, The CW announced that it was ending its Sunday Night agreement with MRC, instead programming the night itself.
Cast and characters.
Casting.
Autumn Reeser, Kristoffer Polaha, and Robert Baker were the first actors announced to join the series on July 15, 2008. Just days after the first announcement on July 18, 2008 The Hollywood Reporter announced that Jaime Murray would also be part of the cast, playing the show's title character Grace Valentine. On July 19, The CW formally announced the shows cast, adding Nikki Snelson, Patrick Fabian and Greg Ellis to the previously announced actors on the show. Prior to production of the pilot Nikki Snelson had to leave the cast due to conflicts with her role in the 2008 tour of "A Chorus Line". As a result Christine Lakin joined the cast, replacing Snelson as romance novelist Kate.
Episodes.
International airings.
Valentine premiered in Portugal's Fox Life on February 12 and in Greece's Fox life on March 3. All 8 episodes have now been aired in Portugal.The series finale was aired in Greece on April 28, 2009. The program is due to air in South Africa on Pay-TV operator DStv, beginning January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18333438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333438" title="Tel Yitzhak">
Tel Yitzhak

Tel Yitzhak (, "lit." Yitzhak Hill) is a kibbutz in central Israel. Located in the coastal plain to the south-east of Netanya, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaSharon Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 851.
The kibbutz was established in 1938 by immigrants from Galicia as part of the tower and stockade settlement programme. It was named after Yitzhak Steiger, a leader of Hanoar Hatzioni in Galicia.
Nature reserve.
South-west of the kibbutz is a tiny (8-dunam) nature reserve, declared in 1968, to preserve some of the original foliage of the Sharon plain. Flora includes Carob trees, "Calicotome villosa", "Thymelaea hirsuta", "Prasium majus", "Anagyris", and Lavender.

</doc>
<doc id="18333445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333445" title="Benjamin Dark">
Benjamin Dark

Benjamin Francis Dark (born 10 November 1793 in Marylebone, London; died 30 May 1836 in England) was an English amateur cricketer who made 6 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1814 to 1826. He was the elder brother of James Dark.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Middlesex and Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18333481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333481" title="Briden (MCC cricketer)">
Briden (MCC cricketer)

Briden (dates unknown; "aka" Bell) was an English amateur cricketer who made 8 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1794 to 1798.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and he also played for The Thursday Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18333482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333482" title="Ken Baumann">
Ken Baumann

Kenneth Robert "Ken" Baumann (born August 8, 1989) is an American actor, writer, and publisher. He currently plays Ben Boykewich on "The Secret Life of the American Teenager" which is wrapping up its fifth and final season. His first novel, "Solip", will be published by Tyrant Books in 2013. He owns and operates Sator Press, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit publishing company, and co-publishes "No Colony", a literary journal, with Blake Butler (author). He is an angel investor in the learning platform Memrise.
Personal life.
Baumann was born in Urbana, Illinois, the son of Vicki and Robert Baumann. He grew up in Abilene, Texas, where his family owned and operated a miniature horse ranch and wildlife rescue. He is diagnosed with Crohn's disease. He married actress Aviva Farber on June 16, 2012 in Malibu, California.
Career.
Ken Baumann started acting at the age of 11 in New York and Texas. He moved to Los Angeles at age 14 and almost immediately landed a role as one of the leads in a pilot for Fox, alongside Alan Ruck and Kristen Johnson, penned by playwright Nicky Silver. Most recently, Ken shot the independent feature "The Cottage, starring David Arquette, directed by Christopher Jaymes, and written by his friend Nick Antosca.
In 2013, Baumann wrote a nonfiction book relating his personal life to the cult-classic videogame Earthbound.

</doc>
<doc id="18333485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333485" title="USS Bab (SP-116)">
USS Bab (SP-116)

USS "Bab" (SP-116) was high-speed motorboat leased for one dollar by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was placed in service as a patrol craft and was assigned to the vicinity of Chicago, Illinois. Post-war she was returned to her owner for the sum of one dollar.
Built in South Boston.
"Bab" was a 38-foot section motorboat of the high-speed "sea sled" design built in 1917 at Boston, Massachusetts, by Murray and Tregurtha Company. She was leased by the Navy for $1.00 from Milton Wilson of Chicago, Illinois; and designated as a section patrol craft, SP-116; and delivered on 6 October 1917.
World War I service.
Assigned to the 9th Naval District, "Bab" patrolled the waters of Lake Michigan until the onset of winter caused her to be laid up.
Post-war disposition.
Eventually judged “not suitable for naval use,” "Bab" was returned to her owner for the sum of $1.00 on 31 December 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="18333498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333498" title="Caroline Wensink">
Caroline Wensink

Caroline Wensink (born August 4, 1984 in Enschede, Overijssel) is a female volleyball player from the Netherlands, who plays as a middle-blocker. She was a member of the Dutch National Women's Team that won the gold medal at the 2007 FIVB World Grand Prix in Ningbo, PR China.
Caroline won the Best Blocker award in the 2012 European League, as her team ended in 4th place.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18333500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333500" title="Tallington railway station">
Tallington railway station

Tallington railway station was a station in Tallington, Lincolnshire on the Great Northern Railway between Grantham and Peterborough. It was closed in 1959, however the former goods yard is still open and is used by the Dow-Mac works at Tallington for delivery of concrete beams, bridge supports, sleepers, etc. by rail. 

</doc>
<doc id="18333510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333510" title="Butler (Middlesex cricketer)">
Butler (Middlesex cricketer)

Butler (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 21 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1801.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18333512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333512" title="61208 Stonařov">
61208 Stonařov

61208 Stonarov (2000 OD8) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on July 30, 2000 by J. Ticha and M. Tichy at Klet.
It was named after Stonařov, a Czech town.

</doc>
<doc id="18333530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333530" title="Kwame Nkrumah Ideological Institute">
Kwame Nkrumah Ideological Institute

The Kwame Nkrumah Ideological Institute (officially known as the Kwame Nkrumah Institute of Economics and Political Science or Winneba ideological Institute) was an educational body in Winneba founded to promote socialism in Ghana as well as the decolonization of Africa. With the first stone being laid by Kwame Nkrumah on 18 February 1961, the Institute was designed to promote national independence, as almost all Ghanaians in the first Nkrumah government were trained in the United Kingdom or United States. The Institute's Director was Kodwo Addison, a prominent Ghanaian activist.
Demographics.
The vast majority of students came from Ghana. However, as a pan-African institution, the Institute also educated students Nigeria, Senegal, Somalia.

</doc>
<doc id="18333547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333547" title="Amarna succession">
Amarna succession

The succession of kings at the end of the Eighteenth dynasty of Ancient Egypt is a matter of great debate and confusion. There are very few contemporary records that can be relied upon, due to the nature of the Amarna Period and the reign of Akhenaten and his successors and possible co-regents. It is known that Akhenaten reigned for seventeen years, and it was previously believed that in the last 3 or 4 years, he had two co-regents: Smenkhkare, who was possibly his brother or son, and Neferneferuaten, who was either one of his daughters or his Great Royal Wife Nefertiti. It is unknown in which order they followed each other, and neither of their reigns lasted long, for Tutankhamun succeeded not long after Akhenaten's death.
The last dated appearance of Akhenaten and the Amarna family is in the tomb of Meryre II, and dates from second month, year 12 of his reign. After this the historical record is unclear, and only with the succession of Tutankhamun is it somewhat clarified.
However, the coregency theory has now been discredited by the December 2012 announcement of the discovery of a Year 16 III Akhet day 15 inscription dated explicitly to Akhenaten's reign which mentions, in the same breath, the presence of Queen Nefertiti--or the ""Great Royal Wife, His Beloved, Lady of the Two Lands, Neferneferuaten Nefertiti""--in its third line. The badly legible five line text, found in a limestone quarry at Deir el-Bersha "mentions a building project in Amarna"--Egypt's political capital under Akhenaten and was deciphered and interpreted by Athena Van der Perre. This means that there Nefertiti was still Akhenaten's living wife late in this pharaoh's 16th year; thus, the Amarna pharaohs Smenkhkare and Neferneferuaten could only have succeeded to the throne after Akhenaten's death and may have had an independent reign of their own over Egypt. 
The royal line of the dynasty died out with Tutankhamun, for two foetuses found buried in his tomb may have been his twin daughters, according to a 2008 investigation.
Sources.
The Coregency Stela, found in a tomb in Amarna possibly shows his queen Nefertiti as his coregent, ruling alongside him.

</doc>
<doc id="18333549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333549" title="Misanthropy Records">
Misanthropy Records

Misanthropy Records was a British record label.
It was founded in 1993 by Tiziana Stupia, originally solely to release an album by Burzum. The background to the founding of the company was that after Varg Vikernes was arrested in August 1993 for the murder of Mayhem guitarist Øystein Aarseth, no record company wanted anything to do with him. He tried to release Burzum's next album himself, but found that running a worldwide distribution from a prison cell was very difficult. Stupia, a fan of Burzum, was upset when she heard this. She contacted several record companies in an attempt to persuade them to release the album, but to no avail. As a result, one of the companies she wrote to replied to her, stating, "If it is so important to you to have these Burzum albums released, why don't you do it yourself?". Stupia then decided to do just that, and started Misanthropy Records.
A contract with Vikernes was signed, and soon afterwards, Misanthropy's first record was released. The response was so positive that Stupia decided to continue the company. Two more albums by Burzum were released, and then the company started signing other bands, including Fleurety, In the Woods... and Ved Buens Ende. All releases from Misanthropy Records were within various heavy metal subgenres.
The company closed down in 2000, as Stupia wanted to concentrate on her career as a pagan priestess. Parts of the company's catalogue was sold to Candlelight.

</doc>
<doc id="18333568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333568" title="Anders Berglund">
Anders Berglund

Anders Berglund (born 21 July 1948, in Södermalm, Stockholm) is a Swedish organizer, composer, conductor, pianist and musician.
Career.
Berglund is known as the Melodifestivalen conductor 16 times.
Also he was musical director when the event was hosted by Sweden in Eurovision Song Contest 1992. In addition he also acted as one of the Swedish commentator for the 1999 Contest together with Pekka Heino.
He responded to the music of the musical "Bowl at Maxim" in 1985.
He participated on 18 September 2005 in TV4's "Bingolotto".
In Autumn 2007, Berglund was responsible for the music in the musical called "Sound of Music" at the Göta Lejon.

</doc>
<doc id="18333573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333573" title="Islip Saddle">
Islip Saddle

Islip Saddle is a gap in Los Angeles County, California, United States. It lies just west of Mount Islip in the San Gabriel Mountains at the intersection of State Route 2 and the northern terminus of State Route 39.
Trailheads.
There are three trailheads at Islip Saddle. Two of the trailheads are part of the Pacific Crest Trail which crosses Route 2 at the saddle.

</doc>
<doc id="18333574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333574" title="Sunnyside Farm (Leetown, West Virginia)">
Sunnyside Farm (Leetown, West Virginia)

Sunnyside Farm is a farm near Kearneysville, West Virginia, United States, that is principally associated with William Fulk's dairy farming operation. The farm has a full complement of buildings associated with dairying, including the main house (1914), smokehouse (1914), milk house (C.1899). a small log house, chicken house (1920), garage (1920), tenant house (1920), hog shed (c.1915), pig house (c.1899), barn (1911, reconstructed after a fire in 1985) and silo (1911). 

</doc>
<doc id="18333580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333580" title="William G. Hobbs">
William G. Hobbs

William George Reginald Hobbs was born on 16 May 1927 at Whitegates in Alderney, Channel Islands.
Early life.
His family moved around considerably due to his father’s career in the British Army. The family eventually settled in his fathers home town of Plymouth in the county of Devon. During the Second World War, William along with his three brothers Frederick, John and Dennis were evacuated from blitz-torn Plymouth to Penzance. Just after the war, William did his military service and received a scholarship to study medicine. He went to Bristol University where he also realized and developed a talent for art. His sketches and paintings were admired by art teachers at the University who advised him to study art rather than medicine. Nonetheless, William Hobbs graduated from Bristol with a degree as a general practitioner in medicine. He then joined the Royal Navy in the tradition of his family and became a ship's surgeon in 1950.
Emigration.
William Hobbs emigrated to Canada in 1959. In Canada he began a career as a physician and surgeon in the village Gainsborough, Saskatchewan and became a respected physician in the southeast Saskatchewan and southwestern Manitoba area. Notwithstanding the considerable demands in time alone imposed upon him by his role in this rural community, he managed to develop a technical skill in painting which won him first prize in a major Canadian art show in 1978. William Hobbs also attended courses at the Pan American University, Banff School of Fine Arts, and the Emma Lake Campus at the University of Saskatchewan.
Artist.
He took the first place at the Fifth Texas International Art Show in 1976 and second place at the seventh in 1978. He has been honoured with a number of one-man shows, as well as having his work selected for showing at the International Grand Prix of contemporary Art in Monte Carlo. His work was on exhibit at the winter garden pavilion in December 1978, under the high patronage of the Sovereign Prince and Princess of Monaco.
Much of Hobbs's work reflects the influence his immigration had on him, as is portrayed in a series consisting of six major works on that subject.
His work is in many North American and European collections and also in those of Mitsubishi Ltd., Marubeni Ltd. and Tohoku Electric Power of Japan, and other collections internationally.
He served as Mayor of Gainsborough, Saskatchewan in the 1970s. During his term as Mayor, he was instrumental in having a swimming pool built.
Where’s Rembrandt.
There’s a little Rembrandt in paintings by William Hobbs, and fans and spectators always look for in his work. Rembrandt is the nickname of the little Jack Russell Terrier that often appears in Williams railway paintings. It's a nod to the master Rembrandt, who placed a similar dog, darkly lit, in his most famous painting, "The Night Watch". But in Hobbs’s paintings, the dog doesn't scurry around musketeers in plumed hats and sashed waists but around old steam engine trains and train stations.
Family.
William Hobbs is second eldest of four brothers. The third eldest is an eminent professor of chemical immunology (retired), and his name is John Raymond Hobbs

</doc>
<doc id="18333582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333582" title="Arnold Korff">
Arnold Korff

Arnold Korff (2 August 1870, Vienna – 2 June 1944, New York City) was an Austrian-born Hollywood actor and director. He appeared in a number of German and Austrian films before moving to the United States and resuming his career in America. He made his first appearance on the American stage in Denver in 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="18333593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333593" title="Bob File">
Bob File

Robert Michael File (born January 28, 1977 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball. File spent three plus seasons as a reliever with the Toronto Blue Jays from to . Signed with the St. Louis Cardinals in 2005, retiring shortly after spring training with a back injury.
File was drafted as a third baseman out of NCAA Division II, then converted to pitcher while in the Jays' farm system.
File is a former pitching coach at La Salle University in Philadelphia, PA. La Salle University competes at the Division I level in the Atlantic 10 baseball conference.
Pitching style and biography.
File threw a 96 MPH four-seam fastball, an excellent 91-94 MPH sinker, a 77-82 MPH slider, and a 78-80 MPH fosh (hybrid-splitfinger).
Bob File was one of the top players in the history of Philadelphia University Men's Baseball Program.
• Earned ABCA/Rawlings first-team All-American honors as a senior in 1998.
• Earned ECAC (East Coast Athletic Conference) Player of the Year honors as a senior in 1998.
• Three-time NYCAC (New York Collegiate Athletic Conference) All-Conference selection, earning Player of the Year honors in 1998.
• Set several school hitting records as a senior in 1998, including a .542 batting average.
• .542 batting average in 1998 #1 in the country, leading all NCAA baseball.
• Also set single season records with 90 hits, 63 runs, 68 RBI, 19 home runs, and 167 total bases in 1998.
• Is the University's all-time leader in nearly every career hitting category including runs (181), hits (296), triples (17) and home runs (37).

</doc>
<doc id="18333598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333598" title="Christ Lutheran Academy (Plainfield, Illinois)">
Christ Lutheran Academy (Plainfield, Illinois)

Christ Lutheran Academy was a community Christian high school open for students of all denominations and aimed to offer a Christ-centered high school experience.
First established in 2001, Christ Lutheran Academy operated in a Church in Naperville, Illinois, but then operated in a new building on 127th Street in Plainfield, Illinois. The school permanently closed in August 2010, largely due to lack of funding.

</doc>
<doc id="18333611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333611" title="10972 Merbold">
10972 Merbold

10972 Merbold is a main belt asteroid with an orbital period of 1399.5338775 days (3.83 years). 
The asteroid was discovered on September 29, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18333617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333617" title="George Hotel, Huddersfield">
George Hotel, Huddersfield

The George Hotel, Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, England, situated in the centre of the town, is a Grade II listed building famous as the birthplace of rugby league football in 1895. The 60 bed hotel was built in 1851 and closed in January 2013, with the receivers looking for a new buyer.
The three-star rated George Hotel, which has an Italianate façade, was designed by William Walker. The Victorian era hotel was built around 1851.
Birth of Rugby League.
It was in the George Hotel, Huddersfield on 29 August 1895 that 21 Lancashire and Yorkshire clubs held a meeting and by a majority of 20 to 1 voted to secede from the Rugby Football Union to set up their own Northern Rugby Football Union. In 1922 this became the Rugby Football League.
Stockport was also accepted into the league via telephone to the hotel.
Memorabilia recalling the meeting can be found throughout the hotel as well as in the Heritage Centre.
British Amateur Rugby League Association.
The British Amateur Rugby League Association (BARLA) was also founded at the George Hotel in 1973.
Rugby League Heritage Centre.
The Rugby League Heritage Centre is located in the basement of the George. It is the UK’s only rugby league heritage museum. It was the brainchild of sports presenter Mike Stephenson. 
The Rugby League Heritage centre was opened on 30 August 2005 by former players Billy Boston, Neil Fox and Mick Sullivan. 
Within the centre are displays of memorabilia, including rare jerseys, medals, caps, programmes and photographs. There is also footage played on several plasma screens. The British Rugby League Hall of Fame is now located in the Heritage Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18333620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333620" title="10973 Thomasreiter">
10973 Thomasreiter

10973 Thomasreiter is a main belt asteroid with an orbital period of 1226.9040008 days (3.36 years). 
The asteroid was discovered on September 29, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18333649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333649" title="180-line television system">
180-line television system

180 lines (by modern standards it could be called 169p) is an early electronic television system. It was used in Germany after on March 22, 1935, using telecine transmission of film, intermediate film system, or cameras using the Nipkow disk. Transmissions using cameras based on the iconoscope began on January 15, 1936.
The Berlin Summer Olympic Games were televised, using both fully electronic iconoscope-based cameras and intermediate film cameras, to Berlin and Hamburg in August 1936. Twenty-eight public television rooms were opened for anybody who did not own a television set. After February 1937 this system was replaced by a superior 441-line system.

</doc>
<doc id="18333663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333663" title="American Clean Skies Foundation">
American Clean Skies Foundation

American Clean Skies Foundation (ACSF) is a 501(c)(3) not-for profit organization based in Washington DC, USA. According to their website they promote a cleaner, low-carbon environment through expanded use of natural gas, renewables and efficiency.
ACSF has, in the past, funded EnergyNOW!, a weekly television news magazine devoted to energy, climate and the environment.
The foundation co-hosted with the U.N. Foundation and the Worldwatch Institute a panel discussion at the December 2010 Copenhagen climate summit entitled "Natural Gas, Renewables and Efficiency: Pathways to a Low-Carbon Economy." At Copenhagen, it released a working paper on "North America's New Natural Gas Resources and their Potential Impact on Energy and Climate Security."
Scientists from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology concluded a two-year study in 2010 that recommended expanded use of natural gas in the nation's power and transportation sectors. The study cited the availability of natural gas and the environmental benefits of using it instead of coal in power generation. The study, partly financed by the American Clean Skies Foundation, received media attention.
The foundation encourages a better understanding of the full costs of fuels. In comments filed with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, for example, Clean Skies urged the commission to investigate "how market prices can fully reflect efficiency, health and environmental concerns."
ACSF publishes a quarterly magazine called the Clean Skies Bulletin.

</doc>
<doc id="18333678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333678" title="Essendine railway station">
Essendine railway station

Essendine railway station was a station in Essendine, Rutland. It was situated on the East Coast Main Line of the Great Northern Railway.
Overview.
The main line and the station opened in 1853. The branch lines to Stamford and Bourne were opened in 1856 and 1860. Due to its status as a junction, it was served by some express trains as well as by stopping trains. For many years a commuter train left King's Cross at around 5pm and terminated at Essendine, before returning the next morning.
The Bourne branch closed in 1957. The Stamford branch closed in 1959 along with Essendine station itself and the Peterborough to Grantham local services. Peterborough to Grantham is the longest distance between adjacent stations in England.
Record.
The world speed record for steam locomotives at 125.88 mph was achieved on 3 July 1938 by LNER Class A4 4468 Mallard. Taking place on the slight downwards grade of Stoke Bank south of Grantham on the East Coast Main Line, the highest speed was recorded at milepost 90¼, between Little Bytham and Essendine. It broke the German (DRG Class 05) 002's 1936 record of 124 mph (200.4 km/h).
London services.
In 1863 there were 5 services to London with a best time of 2 hours 30 min via the York - London train at 13.30. In April 1910 this had improved to 10 services, although some required a change at Peterborough, and the best time was 1 hour 46 mins via the Nottingham - London express at 08.54. By July 1922, this had reduced to 7 services, with the best time now being 2 hours 10 mins via the Leeds - London express at 10.10.
In 2009, it is possible to travel to London by public transport in under 2 hours. The fastest route is by bus to Stamford and then train to London, changing at Peterborough.
Train timetable for July 1922.
The table below shows the train departures from Essendine on weekdays in July 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="18333698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333698" title="Slavic liquid metathesis and pleophony">
Slavic liquid metathesis and pleophony

Slavic liquid metathesis refers to the historical phenomenon of metathesis of liquid consonants occurring in the Common Slavic period in the South Slavic and Czecho-Slovak area. The closely related corresponding phenomenon of pleophony (also known as polnoglasie or full vocalization) occurred in parallel in the East Slavic languages. The change acted on syllables in which the Proto-Slavic liquid consonants *r and *l occurred in a coda position. The result of the change is dependent upon the phonological environment and accents, and varies among the Slavic languages; see below for details.
The change has been dated to the second half of the eighth century, before any Slavic languages were recorded in writing. Therefore, the change itself cannot be observed, but it can be inferred by comparing words in different Slavic languages. Evidence of the earlier state of affairs is also preserved in loanwords into and from early Slavic, as well as in cognates in other Indo-European languages, particularly in the Baltic branch.
Background.
During the Common Slavic period, a tendency known as the "law of open syllables" led to a series of changes that completely eliminated closed syllables. This was evident in Old Church Slavonic, which had no closed syllables at all: every syllable ended in a vowel. Some of these changes included the monophthongization of diphthongs, loss of word-final consonants (e.g. OCS "nebo" < PIE *"nébʰos"), simplification of some medial consonant clusters (e.g. OCS < * etc.) and the formation of the nasal vowels * and * from *am/*an and *em/*en respectively.
The change discussed here is part of this process, and involved liquid consonants (grouped under the cover symbol "R") *l or *r in a coda position, in environments which are traditionally designated as shown in table on the right. The application of the law of open syllables in such environments had different results in different Slavic dialects, and in fact presents some of the earliest evidence for differentiation into the multitude of Slavic languages. In some it manifested as the metathesis of a sequence of a liquid consonants followed by a vowel, whereas in others it manifested as an insertion of another vowel. In most cases, the effect was to eliminate the syllable-final consonants *l and *r so that the law of open syllables was maintained.
Reflexes in Slavic languages.
oRT.
In this environment, metathesis occurred in all Slavic dialects. In South Slavic dialects (Slovene, Serbo-Croatian, Macedonian, Bulgarian), as well in Czech and Slovak, the metathesized vowel are lengthened as well. In Northern Slavic dialects (East Slavic and Lechitic) the outcome is dependent upon the Proto-Slavic accent: in acuted syllables the output was the same as in South Slavic and Czech-Slovak, whereas on circumflexed syllables the metathesized vowel did not lengthen.
Compare the following reflexes:
If the syllable was not acuted, metathesis in West and East Slavic occurs without the lengthening so EPSl. *a retains short quantity and yields ; compare EPSl. * ('elbow') > Serbo-Croatian :wikt:lakat#Serbo-Croatian, but Czech loket.
TeRT and ToRT.
Word-medially, on the other hand, there are three primary types of outcomes:
As a result of dialect-specific changes occurring before and after the cluster resolution (i.e. metathesis/pleophony), the outcomes in various languages are diverse and complex. For example, in North-West Lechitic (northern Kashubian, Slovincian, Pomeranian and Polabian) and East Slavic, *CalC and *CelC merged into *CalC prior to cluster resolution.
Examples:
Complete and incomplete, first and the second metathesis.
If one considers the liquid metathesis "complete" only under the condition that it occurs with the corresponding vowel lengthening, then the complete metathesis occurs only in South Slavic, partially Slovak and in non-word-initial position in the whole Czecho-Slovak area. The complete metathesis has been operational in all Slavic languages under the acuted syllable. Under the word-initial non-acuted syllable there was no lengthening except in South Slavic and partially Slovak. As it was mentioned, word-medially the complete metathesis occurred, besides in South Slavic, in Czecho-Slovak group; in Polish and Sorbian it operated without lengthening, and in North-West Lechitic it didn't operate even in the case of *CarC syllables (otherwise the "incomplete" metathesis occurred - without the lengthening). In East Slavic languages pleophony yielded *CVRC > CVRVC. The reflex of *l in North-West Lechitic and East Slavic is always "hard".
Since the reflexes of acuted word-initial *ar- and *al- have been the same in all Slavic dialects, the change of acuted *ar-, *al- must have preceded the change of other syllables closed by a liquid, where the reflexes are different. So one can distinguish the "first" and the "second" metathesis of liquids.
Dating.
With Slavic evidence alone, the change cannot be dated precisely because no Slavic languages were committed to writing at the time. However, words may have been documented in the non-Slavic languages of the same time period, and words may also have been borrowed into Slavic from other languages. This makes it possible to narrow down the time at which the change occurred.
The liquid metathesis occurred in the Common Slavic era. It either took place after, or was still productive until, the end of the 8th century. This is because the name of Frankish ruler Charlemagne (who died in 814) underwent this change:
On the other hand, the change is already shown completed in the earliest Old Church Slavonic documents. This implies that the change was completed, at least in the dialects of Bulgaria and Macedonia, no later than the 9th century, when these documents were written.
There are also glosses of Slavic words in foreign-language sources. Earlier sources show no effect of liquid metathesis, such as when the late 8th century Greek chronicler Theophanes writes Slavic names as (Ardágastos) and (Dargamērós). Old Church Slavonic versions of these names, with the metathesis applied, would be "Radogostъ" and "Dragoměrъ". Liquid metathesis is also seen in various borrowings preserved in toponymics; Latin "Arba" > Serbo-Croatian "Rab", Latin "Albōna" > Serbo-Croatian "Làbīn", Latin "Scardōna" > Serbo-Croatian "Skràdīn" etc.
Interpretation.
It has been suggested that East Slavic preserved the actual state of affairs, i.e. that the vowel was inserted in Common Slavic period, and only subsequently it was lost in all dialects except in East Slavic, in a position preceding the liquid. So the exact development would be, e.g. in case of Serbo-Croatian:

</doc>
<doc id="18333701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333701" title="Studies in Ethnicity and Nationalism">
Studies in Ethnicity and Nationalism

Studies in Ethnicity and Nationalism, formerly "The ASEN Bulletin", is a scholarly interdisciplinary peer-reviewed academic journal covering research on ethnicity and nationalism. It is published biannually on behalf of the Association for the Study of Ethnicity and Nationalism, by Wiley-Blackwell.

</doc>
<doc id="18333710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333710" title="Bob Wiacek">
Bob Wiacek

Bob Wiacek (born January 7, 1953) is an American comic book artist and writer, working primarily as an inker.
Education.
Wiacek attended the School of Visual Arts in New York City from 1971–1974.
Career.
Wiacek got his start in the mid-1970s as a member of the "Crusty Bunkers" inking collective. For a short time in 1975–1976 he inked backgrounds (over Curt Swan's pencils) on "Superman" for DC Comics. He moved on to regular inking work for DC, and then in 1978 began a long association with Marvel. Wiacek has inked over such pencilers as Carmine Infantino on "Star Wars", John Romita Jr. on "The Uncanny X-Men", June Brigman on "Power Pack", John Byrne on "Sensational She-Hulk", and Walter Simonson on "X-Factor" and "Orion" and George Pérez "Brave and the Bold", volume 2. He has also worked with creators such as Bob Budiansky, Colleen Doran, Ron Garney, Mike Grell, Michael Netzer (Nasser), Kevin Nowlan, Don Perlin, Bill Sienkiewicz, and Barry Windsor-Smith.
Over the years, Wiacek has also inked comics published by Dark Horse and Valiant.
Wiacek taught first-year students at the Joe Kubert School of Cartoon and Graphic Art for a brief period in the early 1990s.
Personal life.
Wiacek married computer analyst Ann Karavitis in November 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18333726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333726" title="List of British Bangladeshis">
List of British Bangladeshis

This is a list of notable British Bangladeshi people. This includes Bangladeshi immigrants settled or residing in the United Kingdom and British-born citizens of Bangladeshi ethnic or national origin.
Successful members from the community are recognized in the annual "BritBangla", "British Bangladeshi Who's Who" and "British Bangladeshi Power & Inspiration 100" for their significant work, contribution and achievements in British society.

</doc>
<doc id="18333728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333728" title="Don Welch">
Don Welch

Don Welch (born June 3, 1932) is a poet and an educator who was born in Hastings, Nebraska. The author of several published poetry collections and regular contributor to literary magazines, Welch was an English professor at the University of Nebraska at Kearney from 1959 to 1997. While there he was awarded the Distinguished Paul W. Reynolds and Clarice Kingston Reynolds Endowed Chair in English, Poetry & Creative Writing. In June 2001 a bronze sculpture of Welch was finished and dedicated to him on the campus.
Born in Hastings, Nebraska, Welch spent his early years in the towns of Gothenburg as well as Columbus. After graduating from Kearney Senior High School in Kearney, Nebraska he earned a Bachelors of Arts degree from University of Nebraska at Kearney; a Masters of Arts degree from the University of Northern Colorado, and; a Ph.D. from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. Welch and his wife Marcia recently celebrated their fifty-fifth wedding anniversary, and have five children.
Career.
Welch's early career was spent teaching English at Fort Morgan High School in Fort Morgan, Colorado, Gothenburg High School in Gothenburg, Nebraska, and at Hastings College in Hastings, Nebraska. After retiring from full-time teaching Welch has continued to teach various poetry, Literature and philosophy classes and continues to be an avid reader and writer of poetry. His newest book of poetry, "When Memory Gives Dust a Face", is scheduled to be released in the fall of 2008. It is an autobiographical collection of new poems that will span nearly five decades. 
Fellow Nebraska Poet William Kloefkorn has been quoted as saying, "Don Welch moves among the poor like a modern day Whitman who has mastered the fine art of pruning…With a minimum of words he evokes a maximum of feelings and sympathies. The rest of us need the poet's words to bring us those places we have neither the time nor the courage to explore." Nebraska Center for Writers at Creighton University. Retrieved 7/8/08.</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="18333733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333733" title="Circle Line Downtown">
Circle Line Downtown

Circle Line Downtown is a sightseeing harbor cruise company that operates out of the South Street Seaport Pavilion Pier at the Financial District in Manhattan under Harbor Experience Companies.
History.
Circle Line Downtown was established by President J.B. Meyer, third generation owner and operator of the family that founded the company and Circle Line Sightseeing Cruises brand. In 1953, Frank Barry, Gerald O'Driscoll, Helen Mitchell, William Moran, and Frank Clair founded Circle Line, the nautical sightseeing operation, providing cruises which circled Manhattan. The company's fleet was then a collection of modified craft, including surplus landing crafts from World War II, retired Coast Guard cutters, and private yachts.
Operating as Circle Line-Statue of Liberty Ferry, Inc., this offshoot was contracted by the United States Department of Interior National Park Service to provide exclusive ferry service to both Liberty Island and Ellis Island in 1954.
In 1982, the company collectively known as Circle Line split into two separate entities, Circle Line Sightseeing at 42nd Street and Circle Line-Statue of Liberty Ferry, Inc. Meyer and Moran soon came to head Statue of Liberty Ferry. Operating out of Battery Park, Circle Line-Statue of Liberty Ferry, Inc. ran service to Liberty and Ellis Islands until 2008, when the franschise was awarded to Statue Cruises.
After the September 11, 2001 attacks, Meyer and Moran, sought to lend a hand in the revitalization of lower Manhattan. The two founded Circle Line Harbor Cruises, LLC., known in the global tourism community as Circle Line Downtown in 2004.
On November 3, 2008, New York Water Taxi, a water taxi company operating in New York City area announced that they had purchased the Circle Line Downtown company.

</doc>
<doc id="18333734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333734" title="Alun Ashworth-Jones">
Alun Ashworth-Jones

Alun Ashworth-Jones is the full name of the noted British folk/blues/rock songwriter, guitarist and singer Al Jones, and is also the title of his first album, which this article addresses. He had previously made an E.P. as part of the trio Anderson, Jones, Jackson. The album was originally issued by Parlophone in 1969 and has been re-released in CD format by Mooncrest Records in 2001, with additional, previously unreleased tracks.
Original release.
Parlophone PMC 7081, 1969
Recorded 5 - 13 March 1969 at Sound Techniques, London
Track list.
All compositions by Al Jones except where stated otherwise
CD re-release.
Mooncrest Records CRESTCD 068 Z-UK, 2001
Track list.
All compositions by Al Jones except where stated otherwise
Tracks as original release, with the following additions:
"Previously unreleased version from March 1969 sessions:"
"Tracks recorded 24 April 1969 at Sound Techniques, London and previously released on compilation album "49 Greek Street" (RCA SF8118):"
"Previously unreleased tracks recorded by Bill Leader at Camden in 1971:"
"Previously unreleased tracks, recorded 'live' at Les Cousins, 17 March 1969:"
Review (external link).
By Richie Unterberger, Allmusic

</doc>
<doc id="18333759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333759" title="Stig Van Eijk">
Stig Van Eijk

Stig Andre van Eijk (born March 21, 1981) is a Norwegian singer, composer and lyricist.
Stig Andre van Eijk is known for his Eurovision career. In 1999 he won the Norwegian final of Melodi Grand Prix with the song "Living My Life Without You", which he wrote. In the European final of the Eurovision Song Contest in Israel, he came in 14th, after gaining 35 points. He is the first ever black man to represent Norway.
The album, "Where I Belong", which was released the same year, went platinum (over 30,000 copies) and reached number 6 on the VG-list Top 40 in Norway. In 2000, he was named this year's male artist (Hit awards). In 2001, he made "Colombianske fredslåten," "Constructors of Peace." He also opened in 2001 B: underground club in Bergen. This club was a "livekonsept" with a house band who played reggae, soul and funk, and the guest appeared. In 2003, he directed the song that won "Idol" in South Africa – "Once In a Lifetime" was performed by Heinz Winckler. The song was a hit in South Africa and became double platinum (100,000 copies).
"StiGi," which he is now called, is now best known as front figure in the reggae band "The Soul Express Orchestra." For the last couple of years he has also been working with music in a kindergarten in Bergen.

</doc>
<doc id="18333775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333775" title="1st parallel south">
1st parallel south

The 1st parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 1 degree south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Southeast Asia, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
The parallel defines most of the border between Uganda and Tanzania, and a very short section of the border between Kenya and Tanzania.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 1° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18333784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333784" title="Art Wash">
Art Wash

Art Wash is a studio and an artist-run initiative based in Douala, Cameroon.
The name of the art space is related to the fact that Art Wash is situated close to the river and it wishes to be a “laundry for art”, transforming and promoting handmade art. While being Dou Essoukan's and Koko Komégné’s atelier, Art Wash functions as an art centre and laboratory.
Artist Dou Essoukan established his atelier in the neighbourhood of Deïdo in the 1990s. In 2003 he transformed it into Art Wash, in collaboration with the artist Koko Komégné. Art Wash collaborates with Atelier Viking.
Squat'art.
In 2001 and 2002 Art Wash staged a two weeks workshop - "Squat’art". The idea behind Squat’art was to promote young artists who did not have the possibility of exhibiting in commercial galleries. Indeed, the paucity of galleries in Douala in the 1990s prevented emerging artists from gaining visibility and experience. The first Squat'art took place in Bali in January 2001 and involved more than twenty artists. The second edition, which was a tribute to the artist Kuoh Eyango, was organised in Deïdo from 4 to 17 February. The organising committee, led by the artists Koko Komégné, Dou Essoukan and Viking invited over forty artists who produced and exhibited original works.

</doc>
<doc id="18333789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333789" title="Little Bytham railway station">
Little Bytham railway station

Little Bytham railway station was a station in Little Bytham, Lincolnshire on the Great Northern Railway main line. It closed in 1959. The Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway crossed just north of the station. The GNR were given powers to build a junction but never did so. The nearest station on the M&GNR was at Castle Bytham. 
From 1857 to 1884, Little Bytham was the junction for the Edenham & Little Bytham Railway branch line to Edenham. The public house now called "The Willoughby Arms", but then "The Steam Engine" was built as the terminus, although the track crossed into the GNR goods yard for interchange purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="18333814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333814" title="Kragerø Fjordbåtselskap">
Kragerø Fjordbåtselskap

Kragerø Fjordbåtselskap AS is a company that operates car- and passenger ferries in Kragerø, Norway. Three ferries are used to provide services from the mainland to Stabbestad, Tåtøy, Skåtøyroa, Bærø, Langøy, Gumøy and Jomfruland. At Stabbestad and Skåtøyroa the company also has corresponding bus routes.
The company dates back to 1896, and is owned by the City of Kragerø (58.57%), Telemark County Municipality (29.28%) and others (12.15%). It has three ferries, MF "Jesper" and MF "Naus" each with a capacity of 11 cars and 200 passengers as well as MF "Kragerø" with a capacity of 24 cars and 250 passengers. It also operates three buses and one water taxi. Scheduled services are operated on contract with Vestviken Kollektivtrafikk.

</doc>
<doc id="18333832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333832" title="The Last Mistress">
The Last Mistress

The Last Mistress (, literally "An old mistress") is a 2007 French-Italian film based on a controversial novel by French writer Jules Amédée Barbey d'Aurevilly. It stars Asia Argento and Fu'ad Aït Aattou as the two main characters. The movie was directed by French filmmaker Catherine Breillat. The film was entered into the 2007 Cannes Film Festival.
Plot.
Ryno de Marigny (Fu'ad Aït Aattou), before getting married to the young and innocent Hermangarde (Roxanne Mesquida), makes a last visit to La Vellini (Asia Argento), his Spanish mistress, to bid goodbye in an act of lovemaking. His liaison with La Vellini is the subject of the Parisian gossip, and before Hermangarde's grandmother gives her blessing, she wants to hear from Ryno everything about this relationship. Ryno reveals a tempestuous story but indicates that his ten year romance is over; he now is in love with Hermangarde. After the marriage, the newlyweds move away to a castle at the seashore. They are happy and soon Hermangarde conceives. But the "last/old mistress" reappears, and while Ryno tries to keep her out of his life, she is not to be rejected, and Hermangarde finds out about it.
Critical reception.
The film appeared on some critics' top ten lists of the best films of 2008. Stephen Holden of "The New York Times" named it the 5th best film of 2008, and Sheri Linden of "The Hollywood Reporter" named it the 9th best film of 2008.
References.
Blateau, Anne-Elisabeth. "Une vieille maîtresse sans Breillat" (A Last Mistress without Breillat), in "Carré d'Art : Barbey d'Aurevilly, Byron, Dalí, Hallier", by Jean-Pierre Thiollet, Anagramme éd., Paris, 2008, pp. 143–149.

</doc>
<doc id="18333838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333838" title="Corby Glen railway station">
Corby Glen railway station

Corby Glen railway station was a station on the Great Northern Railway main line serving Corby Glen, Lincolnshire. It was west of the village on the Melton Mowbray road, and was originally named just Corby, but was renamed to avoid confusion with Corby station on the Midland Railway in Northamptonshire. The station closed in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="18333843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333843" title="Monica Törnell">
Monica Törnell

Monica Kristina Ingeborg Törnell, (born June 3, 1954 in Trönö, Hälsingland, Gävleborg County, Sweden) is a Swedish singer and songwriter. After being discovered by Cornelis Vreeswijk 1971, she was a prominent singer in several genres, mainly folk and rock music, for over two decades. Together with Lasse Holm, she represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 1986 in Bergen, Norway. She is the mother of Tobias (born in 1973) and Mattias Törnell (born in 1980).
Biography.
Childhood.
Monica Törnell lived her first years in Trönö (in the Norrala municipality), but she later moved with her family to Söderhamn.
In this city, she started to visit Folkets Park, where she heard artists such as Lill-Babs, Jerry Williams, and many others.
Early in her life, Törnell had her public debut before audience of 700 people at the 1962 Ericsson Christmas party in Söderhamn, where her father Jöns Törnell was an employee.
followed by a series of performances in public parks at home.
She was also good at drawing, and in 1965, she became one of five first-prize winners in the drawing competition "Ung Fantasi" (Young Fantasy), in which 1500 schoolchildren took part.
In her early teens she played fiddle and sang both solo and in choir. In the late 1960s she was in the singing groups "He, She and You" and "TJI". These groups consisted only of guitars and bass and sang mostly American folk music. On 20 February 1971, she won a vocalist contest in society Ljusne, Söderhamn Municipality, where she sang the song "Summertime".
Discovery.
In 1971, Törnell sang at the opening of the local restaurant in Söderhamn that her father then opened along with a friend. At the same time, Cornelis Vreeswijk was across the street, which led to him discovering Törnell, although she was already relatively well known in the area. After meeting Vreeswijk, she quit as a photography student, which she had been for seven months after primary school. During the latter part of 1971 and beginning of 1972 she made a major tour in both Sweden and Denmark.
together with Vreeswijk. Other musicians on the tour were , Palle Danielsson, Kenny Håkansson, Björn Ståbi and Pers Hans Olsson.
Cornelis arranged a demo, which he presented to Göte Wilhelmson for his new record company Phonogram Records. She was offered a recording contract for a single, but turned it down because she wanted to do an LP album, which she did later in 1972. At the beginning of Törnell's time in the chaotic world of entertainment, Cornelis and his former wife Bim Warne gave her significant guidance. She also appeared on the television programmes "Halvsju" and "Strapetz", and thus reached a wider audience.
Her real breakthrough came on 10 July 1972 at Visfestivalen in Västervik.
The same year she made her record debut with a folk music inspired LP, Ingica, which was issued by Phonogram with the label of Philips Records. Other musicians on the disk were Björn J:son Lindh, Janne Schaffer, and Vreeswijk himself. She also sang a duet with Cornelis in the song "Jenny Jansson" on his 1972 album "Visor, svarta och röda", and a duet with Ola Magnell in the song, "Man ska vara två" from his first LP, "Påtalåtar" (published in 1974). She continued in the same style in their second LP, Alrik (1973), which was also a success. Both of her first albums were produced by Lill-Babs's brother Lasse Svensson, a former drummer in the bands Tages and Blond. That same year, she made a number of appearances with Tomas Ledin. She also sang the leitmotif to Per Oscarsson's controversial film Ebon Lundin (1973) along with Arne Olsson's big band "Vieux Carré".
1975–79.
In the mid-1970s, Törnell oriented herself against rock, and toured for some time with her own band consisting of Henrik "Hempo" Hildén (from the jazz fusion group Splash) on drums, Per Sydén on bass guitar, and her brother, Bobo Törnell on guitar. In 1975 came the English-language album "Don't Give a Damn", which was produced by Björn J:son Lindh. Several members of Splash were involved with the album. Bobo was involved with some of Monica's later albums, both as a guitarist and songwriter. The album was a kind of revolt against the image of her as folksinger. During the Progg movement, it was controversial for a Swedish artist to sing in English. She is often associated with this movement, but rarely sung in a progressive context, since she belonged to a commercial record company. However, she was critical of the movement, and said in 1977 that she hoped that Progg was the beginning of moving forward, instead of being simplistic, and music would be more open. The media compared her voice to that of Melanie Safka and Janis Joplin, but she said that the French Chanson had been her inspiration. In 1977, Törnell released another English-language album, Bush Lady, recorded in the UK and produced by the American jazz trumpeter Stephen Franckevich; however, this album was no more successful.
In October 1977, she participated in the feminist Kvinnokulturfestivalen at the Riksdag building in Stockholm, arranged by, among others, Suzanne Osten. She had more successes in 1978 when she returned to the Swedish language and, together with the group "New Band" (with several members of the band Östan Sol, Västan Måne) published the LPs Jag är som jag är... (I am who I am...), produced by Björn J: son Lindh. This album included the song "En kungens man", written by Björn Afzelius in 1974 and the song "Kavaljersvisa från Värmland", which became a huge success. The newspaper Dagens Nyheter awarded her with the "Kasper Prize" for this album, and in July of the same year she sang again at Visfestivalen in Västervik. Like a number of other artists, she supported option 3 of the :sv:Folkomröstningen om kärnkraften (Referendum on nuclear power) and participated in a 1979 compilation titled ":sv:Nej till kärnkraft!" ("No to nuclear power!") with the song "We Will All Go Together When We Go" by Tom Lehrer. The same year, she also produced her own album, "Ingica Mångrind", together with the New Band and mainly in English.
1980s.
In the early 1980s, Törnell returned to rock music and began to increasingly write her own songs. With the album "Ängel" (1982) began a long collaboration with the producer Ulf Wahlberg, who also played keyboard in the band Secret Service. The same year she also participated in a couple of songs on the album "Z" with, among others, Mats Zetterberg, known from the bands Fiendens musik and Bluesblocket from Lund in southern Sweden. In addition to the rock music she showed on a 1983 album with trumpeter Weine Renliden that she also has great potential as jazz vocalist.
In 1984 came Törnell LP "Mica", which in addition to the hit "Vintersaga" by Ted Ström, also included her own songs "Heden" and "Känslan i maj", which was very successful (the latter came in 1989 also in the instrumental version of Putte Wickman and Ivan Renliden). She had then changed to the record company Air Music, led by Sture Borgedahl, and was in the mid-1980s along with Adolphson-Falk one of that company's most important artists. She also participated in a couple of songs on Ströms own albums in the middle of the 1980s. In 1984 came a new album, "Fri", including for example the title track "Fri", written by Monica herself, and "Nio liv". In 1985 she also sang the song "Hav utan hamn" of Lasse Wellander's album "Full hand" and a duet with Per Gessle in the song "Rickie Lee" on his solo album "Scener". She also participated in the ANC Gala at Scandinavium in Gothenburg at the end of November the same year. [13
In 1986 she made along with Lasse Holm song "E' de' det här du kallar kärlek?" (written by Holm), which became the winner of the Swedish Melodifestivalen and came in fifth place in the Eurovision Song Contest. To participate in this competition was not entirely uncontroversial, in view of her previous connection to the progg movement. She had, moreover, 1977 described Melodifestivalen as "this damned pop competition." Holm had get into touch with Törnell when he 1985 was one of the producers of the album by Lasse Wellander as Törnell then participated in [2.
The same year also came album "Big Mama", in which even Steve Marriott (from The Small Faces and Humble Pie) participated as guest artist. This album was produced by mainly Janne Schaffer and Törnell herself. She became involved in this time of Kjell Alinge's radio show Eldorado, with songs that "I can see you" by Don Henley and Mike Campbell with Swedish text by Peter R. Ericson (1987). The following year she sang three songs on a tribute album to Cornelis Vreeswijk, "Den flygande holländaren", including her interpretation of Vreeswijk's song "Ågren". She released two further own albums in the 1980s, now back with Ulf Wahlberg as producer, "Månfred" (1988), including the successful song "Vind skall komma", and "Vive la Mystique" (1989). During the latter part of the 1980s, she made four appearances on Visfestivalen in Västervik, 1985, 1986, 1988 and 1989. From the mid-1980s, however, she had begun to have health problems, which later came to influence her career negative .
In recent years.
During the 1990s, became her state of health as well as her recordings and scene performances significantly fewer. From that time, she has mainly been active as a visual artist and has exhibited oil paintings, including in Söderhamn and Sundsvall. In 1992, however, she released a CD with songs by Lennart Hellsing. These were set to music by Klas Widén and Georg Riedel. The same year she also participated in an album with the band Twang from Gävle. She also made new appearances on Visfestivalen in Västervik 1991 and 1994. In 1997, she worked as an actor in the role of the woman weaver in Hans Klinga's stage-setting of Astrid Lindgren's "Mio, My Son" at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in Stockholm. The following year she appeared in the television programme "Livslust" and told me about his illness and the diagnosis established only after ten years, chronic fatigue syndrome. [14 In October 1999 she sang again for the audience at a charity gala in Gävle Concert Hall. The same year she also participated with the song "Pilträd gråt för mig" (Willow, Weep for Me, Ann Ronell-Fjellström / Bourne) on a tribute album to the then recently deceased guitarist Jan-Eric "Fjellis" Fjellström. 
In 2001 she sang at the Cornelis Day on Mosebacke Etablissement in Stockholm along with jazz musician Thomas Jutterström from Söderhamn. In 2004, she participated along with the British rock band Dr. Feelgood on the compilation album "Rendezvous" with "I'm So Happy", a previously unreleased song that she herself wrote in the early 1980s. She has in recent years also made a number of appearances, including during the Söderhamn Days, along with the cover band Rocktools from Söderhamn. In January 2005 she sang at a charity gala for the victims of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, which was held in Gävle Concert Hall. [18 The same year she sang duet with Thorsten Flinck in the song "Här och nu" (by Björn Afzelius) on the album "Vildvuxna rosor". In 2007 she sang the song "When I Paint My Masterpiece" on the compilation album "Whatever Colors You Have in Your Mind", a tribute to Bob Dylan. She has also (along with Björn Ståbi, Freddie Wadling, Karin Wistrand and others) participated in the music project Mother, which is led by the former punk rock musician Per Forsgren from Gävle and has resulted in the album "LP" (2008). Continuing health problems have, however, have so far been an obstacle for a comeback on a larger scale. 
Footnotes.
^ Tomas Ledin., Accessed 2007-11-24 
^ Björn Afzelius., Accessed 2007-11-24 
^ Air Chrysalis Scandinavia., Accessed 2007-12-18 
^ Mikael Wiehe., Accessed 2007-11-24 
^ Karl-Erik Tallmo: När livet tog en annan väg. En sjukdomshistoria., Accessed 2007-11-24 
^ "Monica Törnell gör comeback - på Dramaten", article by Annika Sundbaum-Melin, Aftonbladet, 1997-10-02, pp. 42 
^ Sveriges inre., Accessed 2007-11-24 
^ Cornelis Vreeswijksällskapet., Accessed 2007-11-24 
^ De ställer upp för offren., Article by Johanna Jönsson, Gefle Dagblad, 2005-01-04, accessed 2007-11-24 
^ Monica Törnell 50 år., TT-article by Monica Frima, Helsingborgs Dagblad 2004-06-01, accessed 2007-12-02 
^ "Personnytt: SKAPs stipendier", article by Ove Säverman, Dagens Nyheter, 2003-05-22, p. B21

</doc>
<doc id="18333877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333877" title="2 More Loves">
2 More Loves

2 More Loves is an album released by 2moro. The album remains first, only and final full-length album through Rock Records.
The album features previously debut self-titled (or "雙胞胎的初回盤") EP, it contains five songs, as well as nine new songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18333878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333878" title="Batzra">
Batzra

Batzra () is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain near Ra'anana, it was redeemed by South African Jewry. In 1947 it had a population of 80. It falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaSharon Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 868.
The moshav was established in 1946 by demobilised soldiers who had received technical training in the British Army. It was named after Basra in Iraq, where the unit was stationed for some time during World War II. 
Batzra was built on land north of the Palestinian village of Tabsur, which was depopulated in April 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18333892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333892" title="Great Ponton railway station">
Great Ponton railway station

Great Ponton railway station was a station on the East Coast Main Line at Great Ponton, Lincolnshire, England. The Great Northern Railway opened it in 1853 and British Railways closed it in 1959.
The Park Gate Iron and Steel Company had an ironstone quarry east of Sproxton, Leicestershire. A mineral railway linked it with the East Coast Main Line at a junction just under south of Great Ponton station. A 1917 Manning Wardle steam locomotive that worked the line is preserved on the Kent and East Sussex Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18333902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333902" title="Strider Farm">
Strider Farm

The Strider Farm was intimately involved in events concerning the American Civil War near Harpers Ferry, West Virginia. Located on a small hill just south of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad line from Baltimore and Washington, D.C. to Martinsburg, West Virginia, the Strider farm was a strategic location for the control of this vital link.
The main house, built "circa" 1790 is a -story Federal style in stone masonry. It was enlarged in 1880 with a shallow addition, also in stone. A barn also dates to 1880.
The main house was built by Philip Strider, whose descendants appear frequently in the later history of Jefferson County. During the Civil War, the property was the scene of frequent fighting. On September 13–17, 1862, Confederate artillery fired on Federal troops from a position near the front yard of the house. Later, in 1864, the house was the headquarters of Federal Major General Horatio G. Wright. 

</doc>
<doc id="18333905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333905" title="2008 Australian Carrera Cup Championship">
2008 Australian Carrera Cup Championship

The 2008 Australian Carrera Cup Championship was a CAMS sanctioned motor racing title for drivers of Porsche 911 GT3 Cup Cars. The championship, which was contested over nine rounds across five different states, began on 21 February 2008 at the Clipsal 500 and finished on 26 October at the Gold Coast Indy 300. It was the sixth and last Australian Carrera Cup Championship until the 2011 season.
Craig Baird dominated the series, winning 14 of the series 25 races and the New Zealander driving for Fitzgerald Racing became the first driver to win the series twice, adding to his 2006 championship win. West Australian Dean Fiore was the runner up for Sonic Motor Racing, taking four wins and dominating the Mount Panorama round. Third was David Russell in the Sherrin Motor Sport car.
The most dramatic moment of the season was when category managers Sherrin Motor Sport collapsed, leaving the series briefly in limbo. With the assistance of CAMS and Porsche Australia, Glenn Ridge owned company Q Media Events took over the running of the series.
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers have competed in the Championship.
Race calendar.
Each of the nine rounds was contested over three races.
Points system.
Championship points were awarded on 60–54–48–42–36–30–27–24–21–18–15–12–9–6–6–3–3–3–3–3 basis to the first twenty finishers in each race with 1 point awarded to each driver finishing in positions from 21st through to last.

</doc>
<doc id="18333906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333906" title="Antietam Creek (Schuylkill River)">
Antietam Creek (Schuylkill River)

Antietam Creek is a tributary of the Schuylkill River in Berks County, Pennsylvania. It rises just south of Alsace Manor in Alsace Township. There are several non-named tributaries to the creek. It empties into the Schuylkill just south of Reading.

</doc>
<doc id="18333907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333907" title="TF2000-class frigate">
TF2000-class frigate

The TF-2000 class frigate is a projected anti-air warfare frigate currently undergoing development by the Turkish Naval Institute. The class will provide survivability in the presence of aerial threat and also support mission functions such as command, control, and communications, reconnaissance, early warning, surface warfare, anti-submarine warfare and electronic warfare. On December 5, 2007, Defence Industry Executive Committee approved plans to build six ships of this class (4 fixed, 2 optional). On January 2013, it was announced that Turkey was now planning to acquire a total of 8 TF-2000 frigates. With the realization of the project, it is intended to improve the Anti-Air Warfare (AAW) capabilities of the Turkish Navy.
Description.
At the moment, preliminary studies are conducted and configuration of the platform is being evaluated. The project necessitates high-level engineering and technology applications and also a long term realisation period with novel project management processes. Meanwhile, in-country development of the main sensor, multi-function Phased Array Radar is targeted to be achieved with the aim of maximum local content contribution, in close cooperation with universities, defense industry and national research institutions. With a similar project management approach implemented in the MILGEM project, the entire realisation period of the TF-2000 project also purposes to nurture the in-country technology and engineering applications as well as the nationalisation of the critical systems for the national defence industry. In February 2011, the feasibility studies of the submitted RFI documents were completed, stepping forward to the development of a project model.
Armament.
On 23 to 25 March 2009, the Undersecretary of Turkish Defence Industries, Murad Bayar, held talks with SAAB Bofors Dynamics of Sweden and Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace of Norway for the production of RBS15 Mk.III/IV and Naval Strike Missile surface-to-surface missile systems in Turkey, to be used on the TF-2000 and MILGEM project warships of the Turkish Navy.
Few details are known about weapons and sensors under evaluation, but each ship will have 32 VLS cells, a Mk 41 launcher that fires SM-2 Standard and RIM-162 ESSM anti-air missiles, two helicopters, a 127-mm gun, antiship missiles and antisubmarine-warfare torpedoes.
Missiles under evaluation:
Countermeasures under evaluation:
Aircraft:

</doc>
<doc id="18333911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333911" title="Tomb of Meryra II">
Tomb of Meryra II

The tomb of the Ancient Egyptian noble Meryre II, known as Amarna Tomb 2, is located in the northern side of the wadi that splits the cluster of tombs known collectively as the Northern tombs, near to the city of Amarna, in Egypt. The tomb is largely destroyed. It was decorated with the last dated appearance of Akhenaten and the Amarna family, dating from the second month, year 12 of his reign. 

</doc>
<doc id="18333921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333921" title="Allen J. Bard">
Allen J. Bard

Allen Joseph Bard (born December 18, 1933) is an American chemist. He is the Hackerman-Welch Regents Chair Professor of chemistry and director of the Center for Electrochemistry at the University of Texas at Austin. Bard is considered the “father of modern electrochemistry" for his innovative work developing the scanning electrochemical microscope, his co-discovery of electrochemiluminescence, his key contributions to photoelectrochemistry of semiconductor electrodes, and authoring a seminal textbook.
Early Life and Education.
Allen J. Bard was born in New York City on December 18, 1933. He attended the Bronx High School of Science and graduated from the City College of New York in 1955. He then attended Harvard University, where he earned a Masters (1956) and a PhD (1958).
Research.
In 1958 Bard began working at the University of Texas at Austin and has continued there for his entire career. However, he took a sabbatical in 1973 and worked in the lab of Jean-Michel Savéant. He also spent a semester at the California Institute of Technology as a Sherman Mills Fairchild Scholar. He lectured at Cornell University for the spring term in 1987 as a Baker Lecturer. In 1988 he served as the Robert Burns Woodward visiting professor at Harvard University.
Bard has published more than 800 peer-reviewed research papers, 75 publications, and has more than 23 patents. He has written three books: "Chemical Equilibrium; Electrochemical Methods - Fundamentals and Applications," and "Integrated Chemical Systems: A Chemical Approach to Nanotechnology."
The Center for Electrochemistry was founded in 2006 in order to create a cooperative and collaborative group between the different types of concentrations in electrochemistry. Bard and his group were one of the original researchers to take advantage of electrochemistry to create light. The creation of light produced a sensitive method of analysis that can now be applied to a wide variety of biological and medical uses, including determining if an individual has an HIV and analyzing DNA. The Bard group also “applies electrochemical methods to the study of chemical problems, conducting investigations in electro-organic chemistry, photoelectrochemistry, electrogenerated chemiluminescence, and electroanalytical chemistry.”
Personal.
Bard is married to Fran Bard, with two children, Ed and Sara, and four grandchildren, Alex, Marlee, Rachel, and Dylan.
Awards.
Among Bard's awards are the Priestley Medal in 2002 and the 2008 Wolf Prize in Chemistry. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1990.
On February 1, 2013 President Barack Obama presented Allen Bard and John Goodenough with National Medals of Science, one of the highest honors a scientist can hope to receive from the United States government. The medal honors people who have made incredible contributions to either science or engineering. “I am proud to honor these inspiring American innovators,” Obama said. “They represent the ingenuity and imagination that has long made this nation great — and they remind us of the enormous impact a few good ideas can have when these creative qualities are unleashed in an entrepreneurial environment (The University of Texas at Austin Know).”
On January 13, 2014, Dr. Allen Bard was awarded the Enrico Fermi Award along with Dr. Andrew Sessler.

</doc>
<doc id="18333938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333938" title="Scott Wiggins">
Scott Wiggins

Scott Joseph Wiggins (born March 24, 1976 in Fort Thomas, Kentucky) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball.
Originally drafted by the New York Yankees in , Wiggins was traded to the Toronto Blue Jays in in exchange for Raúl Mondesí. Wiggins appeared in three games as a reliever for the Blue Jays as a September call-up in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18333946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333946" title="Humphrey Littleton">
Humphrey Littleton

Humphrey Littleton died on 7 April 1606 at Red Hill outside Worcester. He was executed for his involvement in the Gunpowder plot. Robert Wintour and Stephen Littleton who had escaped from the fight at Holbeche House were captured at Hagley Park on 9 January 1606 despite Littleton's protests that he was not harbouring anyone. It was Littleton who told the authorities that Edward Oldcorne was hiding at Hindlip Hall after he had given him mass. Wintour, Oldcome, and both Littletons were all executed.
Biography.
Littleton was one of the eight sons of Sir John Lyttelton. He was also the brother or cousin of another John Littleton who had been a member of parliament and had died in gaol for his part in the Essex rebellion. John had lost his estates at Hagley, Frankley, Upper Arley and Halesowen. Humphrey came from Frankley. This John left a widow called Muriel or Meriel who lived at Hagley Park, her husband's estates having been restored to her by James I in 1603.
Before the Gunpowder Plot was revealed Littleton had little knowledge of the true nature of the plot to kill the King and Parliament. He understood that Robert Catesby (the leader of the plot) was just raising a regiment to fight in Flanders. Catesby had offered to take one of Littleton's illegitimate sons as his page. Humphrey had been summoned to Dunchurch by Robert Catesby, but following the plot's failure he did not go to his nephew Stephen's Holbeche House with Stephen and the rest of the main plotters. (Stephen was the son of his elder brother George). Later, Stephen came to him with Robert Wintour. The two men had escaped arrest at Holbeche house and were on the run. 
Littleton arranged for a tenant farmer to harbour the two fugitives, swearing his own servants to secrecy. The fugitives were captured at Hagley Park on 9 January 1606 because the authorities had been informed of their presence by Littleton's cook, John Fynwood. Despite Littleton's protests that he was not harbouring anyone, a search was made and another servant, David Bate, showed where the two plotters were escaping from a courtyard into the countryside. All three of them were to be tried and executed.
Littleton had visited and taken mass with Father Oldcorne and he let it be known that the priest was at Hindlip Hall. This information was to lead to four more people being caught there in priest holes ; Father Oldcorne, Ralph Ashley, Henry Garnet and Nicholas Owen. Ironically Nicholas Owen had constructed the hideaways. Moreover it was Muriel Littleton's brother who conducted the search of Hindlip Hall.
At Oldcorne's trial Littleton publicly asked for forgiveness and believed that he deserved to die for betraying his friends. Humphrey Littleton died on 7 April 1606; he was hanged, drawn and quartered together with Father Oldcorne, John Wintour, Ralph Ashley and the tenant farmer (called Perkes) at Red Hill, just outside the city of Worcester. Owen had died under torture. Garnet was hanged in London. Stephen Littleton was executed at Stafford.

</doc>
<doc id="18333949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333949" title="Beit Yehoshua">
Beit Yehoshua

Beit Yehoshua (, "lit." House of Yehoshua) is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the coastal plain near Netanya, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaSharon Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 784.
The village was established as a kibbutz on 17 August 1938 by garin of the Bnei Akiva and haNoar Hatzioni movemenst as part of the tower and stockade settlement programme. According to the Jewish National Fund, the original settlers were orthodox and were engaged in intensive farming and citrus. It was named after Yehoshua Tahon (or Joshua Thon), a Galician Zionist leader.
In 1947 it had a population of about 150.
In 1950 it became a "moshav shitufi", and later a "moshav ovdim" (a more common form of "moshav".)
The Beit Yehoshua Railway Station is adjacent to the moshav.

</doc>
<doc id="18333952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333952" title="Regiment of Mounted Grenadiers">
Regiment of Mounted Grenadiers

General San Martín Regiment of Mounted Grenadiers ("Regimiento de Granaderos a Caballo General San Martín") is the name of two Argentine Army regiments:
The original Mounted Grenadiers of 1812–1826.
The regiment was founded by Argentine national hero José de San Martín in 1812. The first military action of the regiment was the Battle of San Lorenzo (1813). The regiment also played a key role as part of the Army of the Andes () in the battles of Chacabuco (1817) and Maipú (1818) in Chile. And later in Perú, Ecuador and Bolivia at the Battles of Riobamba, Pichincha (1822) and Ayacucho (1824), and in the Cisplatine War. The regimental strength had fallen to 120 men (troop size) and the regiment was disbanded in 1827, at the height of its final actions.
Raising of the Regiment.
By the time then Lt. Col. of Cavalry Jose de San Martin arrived on March 9, 1812, the First Triumvirate recognized him and his services as a Cavalry officer. He then knew about the Argentine War of Independence, and the Argentine Army's organizational and strategy problems that he was ready to put his experiences in the Peninsular War to good use.
On March 12, the Superior Provisional Government gave the order that recognized and confirmed his services. The letter that was written by the Triumvirate's members to the Government specified that Commander of the Horse Grenadiers Squadron about to be raised was one of his then titles, then given to him by the Triumvirate aside from his rank as a Lieutenant Colonel of Cavalry in the Spanish Army. It was necessary for him to form a new cavalry corps, and that also included having parameters of personality and conduct, the rigorous training duties, and the unit's uniforms, pattered after that of the Swiss Army's Horse Grenadiers, among others.
His objective for the formation of the cavalry unit is that to become the fully trained unit helping the Argentine Army fulfill its tasks and win its battles, with the unit composed of native soldiers and officers trained in cavalry tactics and mounted combat skills.
On the same day, Lt. Col. San Martin began to raise the Horse Grenadiers Squadron. The job of raising it took a few months to complete.
Composition of the Horse Grenadiers Squadron (June 1812).
The unit was composed of:
Officers and commanders of the Squadron
1st Cavalry Troop
2nd Cavalry Troop
Organization and Recruiting new Horse Grenadiers.
In line with other armies of the era, Jose de San Martin's Horse Grenadiers Regiment became a model of the Argentine Army due to its strict training regimen and exemplary conduct expected of a Horse Grenadier. Rigorous military discipline, especially in maneuvers, training and parade drill became commonplace for the squadron, a model for modern armies of today.
In recruiting new members of the unit, the "San Martin Code of Honor", still used today by the Regiment, was a guide for strict military discipline at all times for every Horse Grenadier, either trooper, NCO and officer to follow. San Martin used it in every recruitment activity he led in order to form the Horse Grenadiers as a large full-time military unit.
Summary of the Regimental Code of Honor.
The Regiment's ""lead as a example"" way of life was what San Martín envisioned for the Horse Grenadiers; an example set by being good citizens of the nation and great soldiers of the Argentine Army, ready to fight for the nation.
Iron discipline, the cult of courage and rigorous training; all these were to be made evident in a list of "Offenses for which Officers Should be Cast Out". It was also meant as an example, to inspire the NCO's and enlisted personnel. It has fourteen points.
According to this list it is unbecoming of an officer of the Regiment in his conduct of his duty -
Some time later, San Martín wrote a short poem in honor of the values that had been instilled in his Grenadiers:
<poem>
"De lo que mis Granaderos son capaces,"
"solo lo sé yo."
"Quien los iguale habrá;"
"quien los exceda, no."
</poem>
<poem>
"Of what my Grenadiers are capable,"
"That is all I know."
"Who will equal them;"
"and who will exceed them, no."
</poem>
Development from Squadron to Regiment.
San Martin's training and capacitance for the Horse Grenadiers worked, and on September 11, 1812, the 2nd Horse Grenadiers Squadron was decreed to be raised and so was for the 3rd Squadron in December, not all done by the 1st Triumvirate as it had been forced to resign as a result of the Revolution of October 8, 1812, in which the Horse Grenadiers were a part of.
San Martin was now called by the authorities in Buenos Aires as the "Commander of the Mounted Grenadiers", and on December 7 the Horse Grenadiers Regiment was officially raised, and he was promoted to Colonel. That same year would see it move to more better stables. It was on that month when the 3rd Squadron was finally formed, and the 4th Squadron would not be formed until 1815.
Baptism of fire: the Battle of San Lorenzo (February 2, 1813).
"Main article: Battle of San Lorenzo for the full account"
Feb. 2, 1813 was the very day that the Regiment won the only battle of the Argentine War of Independence led by San Martin in the country.
On Feb. 1, On orders of the national government the Regiment proceeded to the town of San Lorenzo in Santa Fe to stop an advance landing party of 250 Spanish troops from marching to the capital and environs. The Regiment was joined by a militia company led by Celedonio Escalada, and moved to the town convent where they stayed silent for the night while the planning was being done.
The next day at dawn, the Regiment assembled at the convent facade. San Martin, after a brief return to see the march on of the Spanish battalion led by Antonio Zabala, got mounted, gave an address, and ordered the 140 men from the squadrons to ride off in two columns of 60-man troops, with San Martin and Captain Justo Bermudez from Uruguay leading them. 12 from the unit were to form a reserve platoon. As the cavalry trumpet sounded the gallop, the battle started.
As the trumpeter sounded the charge, San Martin's troop column charged the battalion armed with spears and sabers followed by that of Cpt. Bermudez which charged further, just as San Martin fell off his horse after it was gunned down, trapping him in the process thus threatening him from an attack by an officer of the Spanish battalion resulting in him being wounded. As this was happening two Horse Grenadiers, Juan Bautista Cabral and Juan Bautista Baigorria saw this and saved their commander and the former later became mortally wounded as a result of enemy gunshots. San Martín reported that after Cabral was hit his dying words (in Guarani) were: "I die happy, we have defeated the enemy". Now Lieutenant Bouchard killed the flag bearer of the Spanish flag capturing it in the process.
The battalion was routed as a result and fled the battlefield that morning after just 15 minutes leaving 40 dead, 16 wounded or POWs and two abandoned cannons. At the cost of 16 dead and 22 wounded, the Regiment won this small but important battle of the Argentine War of Independence.
In the aftermath, he told the townsfolk to reconcile. The Spanish unit was later given assistance by the Regiment, and San Martin's visits to the soldiers and his breakfast with the Spanish commander on Feb. 4 resulted in their defection to the patriotic forces. He was greeted by Eastern Bank independence leader José Gervasio Artigas on his first victory.
The Second Triumviate soon awarded him a General's promotion and assigned him command of the Buenos Aires garrison forces.
Eastern Bank and the Army of the North.
The next assignment for the regiment was defense duties in what is now Uruguay especially the Montevideo area and forming part of the Army of the North to free the Upper Peruvian departments from Spanish rule. Thus, the 1st and 2nd Squadrons joined the patriotic forces in Tucuman in January 1814 while the 3rd and 4th Squadrons were involved in the campaign of liberation in the Banda Oriental, finally liberating the area in June of the same year. The 1st and 2nd Squadrons represented the regiment in the many conventional battles and guerrilla actions in Upper Peru until 1816.
The Mounted Grenadiers of 1903–today.
In 1903, the Regiment was reinstated, and after 4 years it returned to the role of a Presidential honor guard escort.
Role.
At the present day, the regiment acts as the presidential guard and also fulfills ceremonial protocol functions. It is the caretaker of the Casa Rosada, the Argentine Presidential Palace at the eastern end of the famous Plaza de Mayo, nearby some historical and cultural landmarks like the Buenos Aires Cabildo, in which the Regiment of Patricians serve as caretakers, the Buenos Aires City Hall, and the Buenos Aires Cathedral. They also take ceremonial and security duties at the various residences of the President of Argentina nationwide.
Full dress uniform and ceremonial weapons.
"Officers"
"Enlisted and NCOs"
Alto Peru Mounted Fanfare Band.
Established in 1929 as the musical support unit of the Mounted Grenadiers Regiment, this is one of the many military bands in the service of the Argentine Army, and one of the Army's few cavalry mounted bands. Like the bands of the British Army's Royal Armoured Corps and Household Cavalry, and the French Army's Cavalry Branch and the French National Gendarmerie's Republican Guard Cavalry Regiment, the band plays not just as a regular military band but also as a mounted band.
When mounted on horseback, it has trumpet, helicons, tubas, euphoniums, baritones, 4 timpani and 1 glockenspiel, and the band is led by two Directors of Music. But when on the ground, the instrumentation is of trumpets, valve trombones, mellowphones, tubas, baritones, euphoniums, 1 snare drum, 1-2 bass drums, cymbals, 1 glockenspiel, and field snare drums, and is led by not just the two Directors of Music but by the band's Drum Major.

</doc>
<doc id="18333955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333955" title="Bill Snowden">
Bill Snowden

Bill Snowden (born May 6, 1910–1957) was a NASCAR driver from St. Augustine, Florida, USA. He was one of the racers whose career was interrupted by World War II. He was nicknamed "Wild Bill" and the "Florida Hurricane".
Snowden competed on various circuits before NASCAR was organize, and he had second place finishes at the Daytona Beach Road Course in 1941 and 1948. He competed in NASCAR's Strictly Stock/Grand National Series (now Sprint Cup Series) races between the series' inception in 1949 and 1952. He had 15 Top 10 and 5 Top 5 finishes in those 24 races.
NASCAR career.
In the series' first year in 1949, he competed in four of the eight events, with three Top 10s and a season-best fifth place finish at Occoneechee Speedway at Hillsboro, North Carolina. Snowden finished 11th in the season points.
Snowden competed in four events in the next season, finishing 40th in season points with 2 Top 10s. His season-best fifth place finish happened at Charlotte Speedway.
Snowden had a career-best ninth place season points finish in 1951. In 21 starts, he had 9 Top 10 finishes with two career-best fourth place finishes at Martinsville Speedway and Speedway Park in Jacksonville.
1952 was Snowden's final season in Grand National. He competed in four events, with one Top 10 with his sixth place finish at Hayloft Speedway in Augusta, Georgia. Fireball Roberts raced one event in Snowden's car that season, and Banjo Matthews used Snowden's car in three events with one fifth place finish at Darlington Raceway.
Snowden died in 1957. In 1992, he was inducted in the Jacksonville Stock Car Racing Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18333960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333960" title="Stainby railway station">
Stainby railway station

Stainby railway station was a station in Stainby, Lincolnshire. It was on a small, single-stop branch from Great Ponton which connected it to the Main Line and trains from the nearby town of Grantham. 

</doc>
<doc id="18333962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333962" title="Academy of Arts and Sciences">
Academy of Arts and Sciences

Academy of Arts and Sciences could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18333977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333977" title="Prenatal stress">
Prenatal stress

Prenatal stress (or prenatal maternal stress) is exposure of an expectant mother to distress, which can be caused by stressful life events or by environmental hardships. The resulting changes to the mother's hormonal and immune system may harm the fetus's (and after birth, the infant's) immune function and brain development.
Prenatal stress is shown to have several affects in fetal brain development. In the hippocampus of adult male rats, prenatal stress has shown to decrease the rate of proliferation and cell death in the hypothalamus-pituitary axis. Prenatal stressed animals have prolonged corticosterone response. Removing the adrenal glands of the mother eliminates the effect of the pup's corticosterone response. Supplementing the adrenalectamized mother with corticosterone, rescued the hypothalamic-pituitary-axis response to maternal stress for prenatally stressed offspring. Prenatal stress caused high glucocorticoids, which in turn affects the hypothalamic-pituitary-axis negative feedback.
A study by García-Cáceres et al. showed that prenatal stress decreases cell turnover and proliferation in the hypothalamus of adult rats, which reduces structural plasticity and reduces the response to stress in adulthood. This study also showed that when prenatally stressed rats were stressed in adulthood the females showed an increase in corticotropin-releasing hormone suggesting it to be an up-regulation in the hypothalamic-pituitary adrenal axis. Males showed no elevation of corticosterone levels. Increase in adrenocorticotropic hormone with no effect of adult stress and a decrease in the corticotropin-releasing hormone mRNA in the hypothalamus showed a down-regulation. The author concludes that this makes prenatally stressed females less reactive to later life stressors than males.
Prenatal stress and gender differences in hormones.
Pups that underwent prenatal stress showed lower plasma testosterone when compared to the control pups. This is caused by the disruption of prenatal development which did not allow the complete masculinization of the prenatally stressed pups’ central nervous system. Particularly in the striatum of the prenatally stressed male pups showed an increase in vanilmandelic acid, dopamine, serotonin, 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid which all can affect sexual behavior. The prenatally stressed male pups showed a significant latency in mounting behavior when compared to controls.
When doing the radial arm maze task prenatally stressed male rats showed a greater increase in dopamine than the prenatally stressed females, which is suggested to facilitate the impairment for the males doing the maze task, but improved the female’s performance. There was also an effect on the corticosterone secretion for prenatally stressed females. Being prenatally stressed increased the anxiety response of the female rats. Yet, it had no effect on the males.
Sexually dimorphic brain regions.
Prenatal stress does have an effect on brain sexual differentiation after measuring the volume of the sexually dimorphic nucleus of the preoptic area of both female and males in the control and stressed groups. Prenatal stress inhibits the masculinzation of the male brain by inhibiting the growth of the sexually dimorphic nucleus of the preoptic area. Previous studies found that a decrease in testosterone is seen in pups of prenatally stressed mothers. Authors suggest this may cause the reduced in the sexually dimorphic nucleus of the preoptic area and says it is similar to the effects of neonatal castration. Also, stressed males had larger sexually dimorphic nucleus of the preoptic area at birth, but then at 20 and 60 days are found to only have 50% of the volume of the control males. Whereas control males are two times larger than control females on days 20 and 60, but the stressed males show no statistical difference to control females on respective days. These findings show support that the male brain is not showing the expected sexual dimorphism when prenatally stressed.
Another study led by Kerchner et al. investigated the volume of the medial amygdala and the two compartments posterodorsal and the posteroventral in mice that also were prenatally stressed. Posterodorsal is thought to show organizational and activational effects from gonadal steroids. The medial amygdala for the control and stressed males was 85% larger than females with the males (stressed and control) resembling each other. To look for specific regions within the medial amygdala that may have been affected, data showed that both the posterodorsal and posteroventral, all male groups were larger in volume than the females, but male groups did not significantly differ from each other. This study confirmed that the medial amygdala is sexually dimorphic; the males are larger than the females. The posterodorsal and posteroventral were shown to be sexually dimorphic too. The writer suggested that these areas may act similarly to sexually dimorphic nucleus of the preoptic area in response to testosterone, but prenatal stress did not show an effect on the medial amygdala as it does on the sexually dimorphic nucleus of the preoptic area. Also, the posteroventral was 40% larger in control males than females. These results were thought to be caused by the sensitive period of the medial amygdala which is in the first days after birth. The medial amygdala, posterodorsal and posteroventral all show to be resistant against demasculinization from prenatal stress.
Prenatal stress and gender roles.
A longitudinal study done on prenatal stress and gender roles showed that prenatal stress only plays a small part in the gender roles the offspring takes on and mentions it has more to do with older siblings, maternal use of alcohol and/or tobacco, maternal education, and the observance or teaching of “traditional sex roles” from the parents. 

</doc>
<doc id="18333981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333981" title="Inger Berggren">
Inger Berggren

Inger Berggren (born 23 February 1934 in Stockholm) is a Swedish singer who began singing in Thore Swanerud's orchestra, and later sang with Thore Ehrling, Simon Brehm, and Göte Wilhelmsson. Her biggest hits were "Sol och vår" and "Elisabeth serenad", both in 1962. She is mother to the actress Gunilla Röör.
Berggren represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 1962 in Luxembourg with the song Sol och vår which was placed seventh.

</doc>
<doc id="18333986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333986" title="Hiroshi Inoue">
Hiroshi Inoue

Inoue's botanical publications are from Japan. He described or recognized many species of liverworts.

</doc>
<doc id="18333989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18333989" title="Hydroelectricity in Canada">
Hydroelectricity in Canada

Canada is the world's third largest producer of hydroelectricity (after China and Brazil), and one of few countries to generate the majority of its electricity from hydroelectricity (59% in 2006). In 2011, Canada consumed the equivalent of 85.2 megatonnes of oil of hydroelectricity, 10.8% of all the hydroelectricity generated in the world.
Some provinces and territories, such as British Columbia, Manitoba, Newfoundland and Labrador, Quebec and Yukon produce over 90% of their electricity in this manner.
British Columbia.
90% of BC Hydro's generation is produced by hydroelectric means. Wind and wave power are being investigated and natural gas and thermal power round out the generation portfolio.
Over 80% of BC Hydro's installed generating capacity is at hydroelectric installations in the Peace and Columbia river basins. The GM Shrum and Peace Canyon generating stations on the Peace River produced 29% of BC Hydro's electricity requirements. In the Columbia River Basin, Mica and Revelstoke hydroelectric plants together contributed 25%, while Kootenay Canal and Seven Mile generating stations together supplied 10%.
The remaining 25 hydroelectric generating stations supplied 14% of electricity production. BC Hydro also operates thermal power plants. The Burrard Thermal Generating Station contributes 7.5% and the remaining 14.5% of the electricity requirement was supplied by purchases and other transactions.
Quebec.
Hydro-Québec's extensive network of 59 hydroelectric dams have a combined capacity of 34,118 megawatts, accounting for nearly half of the Canadian total. Hydropower accounts for 95.73% of the supply sold by the Quebec state-owned utility. Five of Hydro-Québec's hydroelectric facilities are rated above 2,000 MW — the Manic-5, La Grande-4, La Grande-3 La Grande-2-A and Robert-Bourassa stations — while 7 others have a capacity of over 1,000 megawatts.

</doc>
<doc id="18334006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334006" title="Royal Family Kids' Camps">
Royal Family Kids' Camps

Royal Family Kids' Camps, Inc. (RFKC) (The punctuation is correct as it reflects the ownership of the camps as belonging to the kids. RFKC, Inc. is the corporate oversight organization and {City} Royal Family Kids' Camp is a local instantiation of the corporate model.) RFKC, Inc. is a network of camps, children's clubs, and child mentoring for abused, abandoned and neglected children in the foster care, system. RFK founded in 1985 by Wayne and Diane Tesch. This ministry offers training and resources for local churches to sponsor a five-day summer camp for the children in foster care, ages 7 – 11.
In addition to the structured schedule, the summer camp maintains a ratio of one volunteer counselor for every two children. Including all volunteers in addition to oounselors, there are more adults at the camps than children. Adult role models encourage positive experiences through a plethora of activities, including swimming, fishing, boating, jewelry-making and woodworking. The highlight of the summer camp is the giant birthday party with cake and gifts for all campers. The group operates 159 camps in the United States and around the world, and has about 6000 adult volunteers.

</doc>
<doc id="18334025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334025" title="Kfar Netter">
Kfar Netter

Kfar Netter (, "lit." Netter Village) is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the coastal plain near Netanya, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaSharon Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 765.The Israeli High Tech Company CAMERO-Tech Ltd., dealing with through-the-wall radar imaging solutions used by Defense and Law enforcement Agencies worldwide, is based in Kfar netter.http://www.camero-tech.com/
The moshav was established on 26 June 1939 by graduates of Mikveh Israel agricultural school as part of the tower and stockade settlement programme. It was named after Charles Netter, who founded Mikveh Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="18334028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334028" title="Orville Buckner">
Orville Buckner

Orville Buchner (born January 17, 1936) was a professional American Welterweight boxer from Miami Beach, Florida. Buchner was born in La Crosse, Wisconsin and fought in the Golden Gloves in La Crosse. He then joined the United States Army and gained more amateur boxing experience. After being discharged from the Army Buchner attended State College of Wisconsin where he majored in economics.
Buchner moved from Wisconsin to Miami Beach, Florida to pursue a professional boxing career. On August 7, 1961 Buckner turned professional and boxed a four round draw with Dave Gaitor at the Sir John Club in Miami, Florida. One month later Buchner knocked out Dave Gaitor in two rounds. After boxing a four round draw with tough Hilton Lumpkin, Buchner reeled off four straight wins.
On April 19, 1962 Buchner lost his first professional fight by four round decision to Hollywood, Florida's Ray Lavarro at the Little River Auditorium in Miami, Florida. On August 23, 1962 at the Little River Auditorium, Buchner scored a five round technical knockout win over Hilton Lumpkin. 
At Miami on October 4, 1962 Buchner surprised the South Florida boxing community by boxing a four round draw with veteran boxer Duane Simpson.
Buchner was a boxer without a spectacular punch that relied on his boxing skills. He had lots of heart and determination. Buchner worked as a hotel auditor on Miami Beach during his boxing career.
Buchner's unofficial professional record was eleven wins four losses and four draws.

</doc>
<doc id="18334034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334034" title="Alex Evans (model)">
Alex Evans (model)

Alexandra Evans (born 18 August 1989) is a British Actress.
She recently landed a small role in the film London fields and a lead role in Dragons of Camelot.
Her other work includes features such as Soho Cigarette and The Thompsons.
In 2013 she landed the Warehouse world wide campaign 'Style me if you can' in which she was the lead character in nine short films, directed by Danny Sangra.
In 2010 landed her own TV advert for the Nintendo Wii game "Another Code R".
In May 2010 she featured in a TV advert for Superdrugs Barry M makeup.
In October 2010 she was a part of the Yeo Valley advertising campaign which saw a two-minute rap played on TV and thus she had a part in the rap.
She is currently working at Debi Allen Associates London.
In April 2011 she appeared in the music video of 'Down Down Down' by Charlie Simpson, a former member of Busted.
Personal life.
She currently lives in LA. Previously she attended Prior's Field School and Godalming College where she studied Theatre Studies, English Literature and Psychology A-level.

</doc>
<doc id="18334037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334037" title="Dale Huffman">
Dale Huffman

Dale Huffman is a columnist for the Dayton Daily News. After 10 years in Cincinnati, Ohio as a television and newspaper reporter Dale returned to his hometown and began work at the Daily News on June 14, 1968. For over 8 years he wrote a 7-day-a-week column profiling local citizens, never missing a day. Dale's string of more than 3,048 straight daily columns began on September 26, 1999 and ended January 30, 2008 after he was diagnosed with kidney cancer. Doctors successfully removed the affected kidney on February 14, 2008 and Dale has written several columns for the paper during his recovery.
In 1998, he published a book in conjunction with the Dayton area Chamber of Commerce called "Dayton: The Cradle of Creativity".
Dale was inducted into the Dayton Walk of Fame on September 25, 2008. A stone bearing his name was installed in the sidewalk in front of Bing Davis Studio at 1135 W. Third St in Dayton.
On November 7, 2008 Dale was inducted into the 2008 class of the Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame. The Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame recognizes Ohio veterans who have gone on to make significant contributions to their community, profession, state, and nation.

</doc>
<doc id="18334048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334048" title="Prue Lewarne">
Prue Lewarne

Prue Lewarne is an international news anchor.
Lewarne served as an anchor for CNN International (London) 1997 - 1999, Deutsche Welle, CNBC Europe (London) 2001-2003, Bloomberg Television and Sky News Australia.
She also appeared as an anchorwoman in the films "The Manchurian Candidate" and "Superman Returns" (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="18334058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334058" title="Peeterman Artois">
Peeterman Artois

Peeterman Artois was a wheat-based 4% ABV global lager first brewed in Belgium. It is brewed by InBev. It was named after St. Peeter, the patron saint of Leuven in Belgium where the Artois brewery is based. It was launched alongside Beck's Vier as a mid-strength beer to capitalise on the trend towards weaker strength lagers, as opposed to Stella Artois at 5.2% and standard Beck's at 5%. In December 2008, InBev announced it would withdraw Peeterman Artois (and Eiken Artois) in favour of a 4% version of Stella Artois.

</doc>
<doc id="18334060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334060" title="Eiken Artois">
Eiken Artois

Eiken Artois was an 'oak aged' 4.6% ABV global lager first brewed in Belgium. It was brewed by InBev.
It was introduced to replace Artois Bock in January 2008. However Eiken Artois was itself dropped by InBev in December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18334067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334067" title="Tai Po Government Primary School">
Tai Po Government Primary School

Tai Po Government Primary School () is a co-educational primary school located in Tai Po, Hong Kong. The school was previously located on a small hill at Wan Tau Tong (運頭塘). To cope with its expansion, the school moved to its new premises at Tai Wo Market (太和市）.

</doc>
<doc id="18334077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334077" title="Daniel Ricciardo">
Daniel Ricciardo

Daniel Ricciardo (born 1 July 1989 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian racing driver who is currently competing in Formula One for Red Bull Racing. He won the British Formula Three Championship in 2009. After Mark Webber announced his retirement from Formula 1, Ricciardo was confirmed as his replacement at Red Bull for 2014. He will partner Sebastian Vettel who is the current world champion.
Career.
Formula Ford and Formula BMW.
Ricciardo started karting at the age of nine and entered numerous karting events since. In 2005, he entered the Western Australian Formula Ford championship driving a 15-year-old Van Diemen, finishing eighth by season's end. Towards the end of the season Ricciardo took a leased 13-year-old Van Diemen across to Sandown Raceway in Melbourne to compete at the national Formula Ford series but his ageing car was uncompetitive as he finished sixteenth, seventeenth and retired during the weekend's three races. The following year, however, he won a scholarship into the Formula BMW Asian championship with Eurasia Motorsport. During his début season, Ricciardo took two victories (both at Bira) and also achieved a pole position at Zhuhai. He finished third in the Drivers' Championship with 231 points, 59 points behind the champion Earl Bamber.
In August that year, he was given an outing with Motaworld Racing to race one of their Formula BMW cars at the eighth meeting of the British championship. Despite retiring from the first race, Ricciardo recovered to finish eighth in the second race and took three championship points in his only entry in the British championship. At the end of the year, he entered the Formula BMW World Final with Fortec Motorsport where he finished in fifth position, fourteen seconds off winner Christian Vietoris.
Formula Renault.
2007 saw the Australian switch categories to Formula Renault with RP Motorsport, entering the European and Italian championships of the category, although mainly focused on the latter series as he entered fourteen races to the four entries he took in the European championship. He finished the year seventh in the Italian series with 196 points and scoring a single podium at Valencia but failed to score a point in his handful of starts in the European races.
The Australian stayed in Formula Renault for a second year in 2008, entering the European and Western European championships. By the end of the year, the young driver took his first European title in the Western European Cup and finished second in the Eurocup to Finn Valtteri Bottas.
Formula Three.
During the mid–part of the 2008 season, Ricciardo made his Formula Three début at the Nürburgring, entering SG Formula's Formula 3 Euro Series team. Despite only a short amount of experience in the car the Australian qualified in eighth for the first race which later converted into sixth in the race after James Jakes and Christian Vietoris stalled on the grid.
Ricciardo moved to the British Formula Three Championship for the 2009 season driving for Carlin Motorsport. He also made his debut in the 3.5-litre World Series by Renault championship, racing alongside Charles Pic at Tech 1 Racing for the rounds at the Autódromo Internacional do Algarve in Portugal. He retired from the first race, before finishing fifteenth in the second. When he returned to Formula Three, he extended his championship lead to 45 points before returning to the Portuguese circuit. A win and a third in the British-registered cars, gave him an unassailable 64-point lead over Renger van der Zande with just 42 available. This meant that Ricciardo became the first Australian driver since David Brabham in 1989 to win the British Formula Three title. Just like Brabham, Ricciardo won the title in a car powered by a Volkswagen engine. Ricciardo finished the season on a high, taking both pole positions for the final round of the series, at Brands Hatch. He won the first race by fifteen seconds, and finished fourth (third in British-registered cars as Marcus Ericsson was running in the Invitational Class) in the season-ending race. His championship winning margin was 87 points as Walter Grubmüller overhauled his team-mate van der Zande, who was absent from the weekend due to a conflicting Euroseries race in Barcelona.
Ricciardo continued his partnership with Carlin, by heading to the Macau Grand Prix with the team. Ricciardo quickly gathered pace at the circuit, being second fastest (and fastest rookie) behind Marcus Ericsson in first qualifying, before winding up in fifth place in second qualifying, setting the grid for the qualifying race. Following a sixth place in the qualifying race, Ricciardo was forced to retire on the first lap of the main race after hitting a wall at San Francisco. He continued with a puncture up the hill before hitting the wall at the Solitude Esses, and caused a circuit-blocking incident, which also took out seven of his rivals.
Formula Renault 3.5 Series.
On 30 October 2009, Ricciardo was signed by Tech 1 to compete in the 2010 season. He had competed with the team at the Autódromo Internacional do Algarve in Portugal in 2009, and was the team-mate to Brendon Hartley, another driver who drove for Tech 1 over the season.
Following a minor incident during a mountain bike exercise, Ricciardo was forced to miss the second test of the 2010 season, but went on to take pole position for both races at the season-opening round of the 2010 season in Alcañiz, Spain. He finished third and second in the races respectively, to leave himself at the head of the championship standings. Two weeks later, at the Spa Francorchamps circuit, Ricciardo was relegated to last on the grid after being deemed to have hindered the laps of other drivers. In the next two races he finished 13th and fifth respectively – coming 2nd in the latter until many of the front-runners were given penalties for infringing the parc ferme rules before the race. One week later, in Monte Carlo, Ricciardo secured his third pole position of the season, finishing three tenths of a second ahead of championship rival Stefano Coletti. He secured his first win at the following race, one place ahead of Coletti. The Australian went on to secure two more wins at the Hungaroring and at Hockenheim in commanding fashion. Following Ricciardo's sixth pole from 12 races, Tech 1 team boss, Simon Abadie, praised his driver's efforts greatly, saying "I am happy, and happy for Daniel because six poles in 12 races is good going," and later stated his team's ambitions for success, by telling Autosport correspondent Peter Mills, "I really hopes Daniel wins the championship."
At the first race at the Silverstone circuit, Ricciardo was involved in a spectacular incident with pole-sitter Jon Lancaster, in which the Australian was sent into a barrel roll, eventually landing on his wheels. The crash saw the end of his race, with teammate Jean-Éric Vergne becoming the eventual winner, following disqualifications. Securing pole for the second race of the weekend, Ricciardo spent much of the race leading the pack by upwards of three seconds. However, braking issues in the second half of the event meant that, on the final lap, championship-rival Esteban Guerrieri was able to pass the Tech 1 racer.
Going into the final round of the season, Ricciardo sat just three points behind championship leader Mikhail Aleshin and 13 ahead of third-place man Esteban Guerrieri. Managing his 8th pole of the season, the Australian managed a lights-to-flag victory, setting the fastest lap and placing himself equal first with one race remaining. After securing second place on the grid for the second race of the weekend, Ricciardo managed to hold position until the pit stops, where he was successfully 'jumped' by two of his rivals, including teammate Vergne. With only two laps left in the race and struggling for pace, the Australian was overtaken by championship rival Aleshin. Finishing in that order, Ricciardo failed to secure the title in his debut year, losing out to Mikhail Aleshin by only two points.
In 2011 Ricciardo raced for ISR Racing prior to his HRT call-up.
Formula One.
Ricciardo made his track debut at the wheel of a Formula One car, when he tested for Red Bull Racing at the young drivers test at Circuito de Jerez over three days, from 1–3 December 2009. On the final day of testing he clocked the fastest time of the test by over a second. This placed him as the only driver to go into the 1:17 bracket. Red Bull Racing's team manager Christian Horner suggested that Ricciardo may replace his 2010 World Series team-mate Hartley as the team's test and reserve driver. As it turned out, Ricciardo and Hartley were to share test and reserve duties for both Red Bull, and sister team Scuderia Toro Rosso until the latter was removed from the Red Bull Junior team.
On 11 November 2010, Ricciardo was confirmed as the single driver to represent Red Bull Racing at the end-of-season young drivers test at the Yas Marina Circuit, on 16–17 November. At the announcement, he commented, "I can't wait to get another crack at driving Red Bull Racing's amazing Formula One car." Ricciardo continued to show his one-lap prowess and dominated the event. With his fastest lap being 1.3 seconds faster than World Champion Sebastian Vettel's qualifying lap the Saturday before.
Days after completing this session Ricciardo was confirmed as Toro Rosso's test and reserve driver for the season, and would take part in the first free practice session of each race weekend. Franz Tost, Toro Rosso team principal stated that "having a hungry youngster on the books will keep our current driver pairing nice and sharp", referring to then Toro Rosso drivers Jaime Alguersuari and Sebastian Buemi. Ricciardo would also make an appearance in pre-season testing for the 2011 Formula One season, driving for Scuderia Toro Rosso.
At the 2011 Australian Grand Prix Ricciardo was placed 16th on the timesheets after opening practice, just one-tenth slower than his experienced Toro Rosso team mate Sebastian Buemi. The Australian managed to later finish eighth in practice for the wet Turkish Grand Prix Friday practice one session, a place ahead of competitor Buemi.
HRT (2011).
On 30 June 2011, Ricciardo signed for Hispania Racing, replacing Narain Karthikeyan for all the remaining races of the 2011 season except the Indian Grand Prix, to allow Karthikeyan to race at his home Grand Prix.
However, on 22 October 2011, a few days before the inaugural Indian Grand Prix, the race where Narain Karthikeyan was due to gain back his seat for his home race, HRT F1 announced that Vitantonio Liuzzi made way for Karthikeyan, allowing Ricciardo to race in India and extend his learning curve that Red Bull Racing paid the struggling Spanish team to do, as well as allowing Karthikeyan to race in front of his home fans. In Abu Dhabi, Ricciardo retired with mechanical problems after starting 20th on the grid and in the final race at the , Ricciardo finished 20th after starting 22nd on the grid.
Toro Rosso (2012–2013).
On 14 December 2011, it was confirmed that Ricciardo would drive for the Scuderia Toro Rosso for the 2012 season, alongside Frenchman Jean-Éric Vergne.
At the on 18 March 2012, Ricciardo managed to overtake his team-mate Vergne late on the last lap to come home in ninth place, securing his first two World Championship points.
In wet conditions in Malaysia he finished 12th, after having been first to switch to slick tyres. In Bahrain he qualified sixth, but dropped back during the race and finished 15th. In the 2012 Monaco Grand Prix he suffered his only retirement of the season, after having started from 15th position.
On 31 October 2012, Toro Rosso announced the re-signing of Ricciardo for the 2013 season.
Red Bull (2014).
On 2 September 2013 Ricciardo was revealed as the replacement for Mark Webber at Red Bull live on the Austrian television channel Servus TV. He will partner Sebastian Vettel who is the current quadruple world champion.
Racing record.
Complete Formula 3 Euro Series results.
† – As Ricciardo was a guest driver, he was ineligible for points.

</doc>
<doc id="18334082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334082" title="G. Drummond (Surrey cricketer)">
G. Drummond (Surrey cricketer)

C Drummond (dates unknown) was an English amateur cricketer who made 7 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1787 to 1795.
Career.
Drummond was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and he also played for Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="18334092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334092" title="Charles Reed (cricketer)">
Charles Reed (cricketer)

Charles Reed was an English professional cricketer who made 7 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1798 to 1810.
Career.
Reed was a wicket-keeper who was mainly associated with Kent. He was the country's leading wicket-keeper in the 1801 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18334101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334101" title="Cantrell (Middlesex cricketer)">
Cantrell (Middlesex cricketer)

Cantrell (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 8 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1792.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Middlesex.

</doc>
<doc id="18334122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334122" title="16PF Questionnaire">
16PF Questionnaire

The Sixteen Personality Factor Questionnaire (or 16PF), is a multiple-choice personality questionnaire which was developed over several decades of research by Raymond B. Cattell, Maurice Tatsuoka and Herbert Eber. Beginning in the 1940s, Cattell used the new techniques of factor analysis (based on the correlation coefficient) in an attempt to try to discover and measure the source traits of human personality (Cattell, 1946)(Nevid, 2009).
The questionnaire measures the 16 primary traits, and the Big Five secondary traits, which have become popularized by other authors in recent years. From early in his research, Cattell found that the structure of personality was multi-level and hierarchical, with a structure of interdependent primary and secondary level traits (Cattell, 1946, 1957). The sixteen primary factors were a result of factor-analyzing hundreds of measures of everyday behaviors to find the fundamental traits behind them. Then, they discovered the five global (or second-order) factors by factor-analyzing the sixteen primary traits themselves, to find the basic, organizing forces among the sixteen basic traits. Thus, the 16PF test gives scores on both the five second-order global traits which provide an overview of personality at a broader, conceptual level, as well as on the more-numerous and precise primary traits, which give a picture of the richness and complexity of each unique personality. A listing of these traits can be found in the article on the 16 Personality Factor Model. Cattell also found that there was a third-order level of personality organization that contained just two overarching, top-level factors (Cattell, 1957), but little time has been spent on defining this most abstract level of personality organization.
The test is an integral part of Cattell's comprehensive theory of individual differences. The test has also been translated into over 20 languages and dialects, and is widely used internationally. Reports of widespread use should be balanced with a concern for avoiding overinterpretation of personality questionnaire results, particularly in making major judgments of a tested person such as hiring.
Cattell and his co-workers also developed parallel personality questionnaires to measure traits in other age-ranges, such as the Adolescent Personality Questionnaire for ages 12 to 18 years. A shorter version, the 16PF Select Questionnaire, was developed for personnel settings. Cattell also developed non-verbal measures of ability, such as the three scales of the Culture-Fair Intelligence Test as well as tests of motivation.
Outline of Test.
The most recent edition of the "Sixteen Personality Factor Questionnaire" (16PF), released in 1993, is the fifth edition of the original test. The test was first published in 1949; the second and third editions were published in 1956 and 1962, respectively; and the five alternative forms of the fourth edition were released between 1967 and 1969. The goal of the fifth edition revision was to update, improve, and simplify the language used in the test items; simplify the answer format; develop new validity scales; improve the psychometric properties of the test, including new reliability and validity data; and to develop a new standardization sample (of 10,000 people) to reflect the current U.S. Census population.
The "16PF Fifth Edition" contains 185 multiple-choice items which are written at a fifth-grade reading level. Of these items, 76% were from the four previous 16PF editions, although many of them were re-written to simplify or update the language. The item content typically sounds non-threatening and asks simple questions about daily behavior, interests, and opinions. One particular characteristic of the 16PF Questionnaire is that its items tend to sample a broad range of actual behavior by asking questions about daily, concrete situations, rather than asking the test-taker to simply make a self-assessment of their own personality traits as some tests do (e.g. current popular tests include "I am a warm and friendly person; I am not a worrier; I am an even tempered person."). That type of simple, self-rating type question tends to be substantially related to the person's own self-image, and dependent on the individual's view of themselves, their level of self-awareness, and their defensiveness about their actual traits. Instead, most 16PF questions tend to ask about actual behavioral situations:
The test provides scores on 16 primary personality scales and 5 global personality scales, all of which are bi-polar (both ends of each scale have a distinct, meaningful definition). The test also includes three validity scales: a bi-polar Impression Management (IM) scale, an Acquiescence (ACQ) scale, and an Infrequency (INF) scale. The reasoning ability (Factor B) items appear at the end of the test booklet with separate instructions, because they are the only items that have right and wrong answers
Administration of the test takes about 35–50 minutes for the paper-and-pencil version and about 30 minutes by computer. The test instructions are simple and straightforward, and the test is un-timed, and thus it is generally self-administrable and can be used in either an individual or a group setting. The 16PF test was designed for adults at least age 16 and older, but there are also parallel tests for various younger age ranges (e.g., the 16PF Adolescent Personality Questionnaire).
The "16PF Questionnaire" has been translated into more than 20 languages and dialects. Thus the test can be administered in different languages, scored based on either local, national, or international normative samples, and computerized interpretive reports provided in about 15 different languages. The test has generally been culturally adapted (rather than just translated) in these countries, with local standardization samples plus reliability and validity information collected locally and presented in individual manuals.
The test can be hand-scored using a set of scoring keys, or computer-scored by mailing-in or faxing-in the answer sheet to the Publisher IPAT". There is also a software system that can be used to administer, score, and provide reports on the test results directly in the professional's office; and an Internet-based system which can also provide administration, scoring, and reports at any Internet-enabled computer in a range of different languages. There are about a dozen computer-generated interpretive reports which can be used to help interpret the test for different purposes, for example, the Personal Career Development Profile, the Karson Clinical Report, The Couples Counseling Report, the Human Resource Development Report, the Teamwork Development Report, and the Leadership Coaching Report. There are also many books that help with test interpretation, for example, "16PF Interpretation in Clinical Practice" (Karson, Karson, & O'Dell, 1997), "The 16PF: Personality in Depth" (Cattell, H.B., 1989), or "Essentials of the 16PF" (Cattell, H.E. & Schuerger, J.M, 2003)
A shorter version of the test, the "16PF Select" (Cattell, Cattell, Cattell & Kelly, 1999), was developed for use in time-sensitive, employee selection settings, and includes fewer items per scale than the regular test. The "16PF Express" (Gorsuch, 2007) is a very short, 15-minute, version of the test which has about four items per factor and a wider answer format (items have a four-point or five-point answer format), which is used mainly for research. The 16PF traits are also included in the "PsychEval Personality Questionnaire (PEPQ)", which combines measures of both normal and abnormal personality traits into one test (Cattell, Cattell, Cattell, Russell, & Bedwell, 2003)
Below is a table outlining the personality traits measured by the 16PF Questionnaire.
Relationship to five factor models.
In the Fourth and Fifth Editions of the 16PF, there were five global factors that seem to correspond fairly closely to the "Big five personality traits." The Big Five (BF) trait of Openness seems to be related to 16PF Openness/Tough-mindedness, The BF trait of Conscientiousness to the 16PF Self-Control, the BF Extraversion to the 16PF Extraversion, the BF Agreeableness/Dis-Agreeablenss to the 16PF Independence/Accommodation, and the BF Neuroticism to the 16PF Anxiety. In fact, the development of the Big-Five factors began by factor-analyzing the same original items as the 16PF. and in 1963, W.T. Norman replicated Cattell's work and suggested that five factors would be sufficient.
However, one big technical difference between Cattell's five Global Factors and popular five-factor models was Cattell's insistence on using oblique rotation in the factor analysis whereas Goldberg and Costa & McCrae used orthogonal rotation in their factor analysis. Oblique rotation allows the factors to correlate with each other, whereas orthogonal rotation restricts the factors from correlating with each other. Although personality traits are thought to be correlated, using orthogonal factor analysis makes the factors easier to understand and to work on statistically in research. This is one of the reasons the Big-Five traits have definitions that are different from the 16PF global factors. For example, as seen in the table below, in Cattell's model the primary personality trait of Dominance (Factor E) is strongly located in the Independence/Accommodation global factor which represents a quality of fearless, original thinking and forceful, independent actions. However, other popular big five models consider Dominance as a facet of several Big-Five traits, including Extraversion, Dis-Agreeableness, and Conscientiousness. Thus Dominance is spread across a range of Big-Five factors with little influence on any one (Cattell & Mead, 2008). Below is a table that shows how the 16 primary factors are related to the five global factors of the 16 Personality Factor theory. Compare with the Hierarchical Structure of the Big Five. Also, note that factor B is considered separate from the other factors because it is not a part of the hierarchical structure of personality in the same way as the other factors.
Factor Analytic Strategy.
Assumptions shared by standardized personality tests, simply stated, are that humans possess characteristics or traits that are stable, vary from individual to individual, and can be measured. Factor analysis is a statistical procedure for reducing the redundancy in a set of intercorrelated scores. One major technique of factor analysis, the principal-components method, finds the minimum number of common factors that can account for an interrelated set of scores. Cattell's goal was to empirically determine and measure the essence of personality Cattell used factor analysis to reduce thousands of psychological traits into what he believed to be 16 of the basic dimensions, or source traits of human personality. As a result, he created the 16PF personality test.
History and development.
Cattell physical sciences background.
The 16PF Questionnaire was created from a fairly unique perspective among personality tests. Most personality tests are developed to measure just the pre-conceived traits that are of interest to a particular theorist or researcher. The main author of the 16PF, Raymond B. Cattell, had a strong background in the physical sciences, especially chemistry and physics, at a time when the basic elements of the physical world were being discovered, placed in the periodic table, and used as the basis for understanding the fundamental nature of the physical world and for further inquiry. From this background in the physical sciences, Cattell developed the belief that all fields are best understood by first seeking to find the fundamental underlying elements in that domain, and then developing a valid way to measure and research these elements (Cattell, 1965) 
Personality research author Schuerger stated that:
When Cattell moved from the physical sciences into the field of psychology in the 1920s, he described his disappointment about finding that it consisted largely of a wide array of abstract, unrelated theories and concepts that had little or no scientific bases. He found that most personality theories were based on philosophy and on personal conjecture, or were developed by medical professionals, such as Jean Charcot and Sigmund Freud, who relied on their personal intuition to reconstruct what they felt was going on inside people, based on observing individuals with serious psycho-pathological problems. Cattell (1957) described the concerns he felt as a scientist:
Thus, Cattell's goal in creating the "16PF Questionnaire" was to discover the number and nature of the fundamental traits of human personality and to develop a way to measure these dimensions. At the University of London, Cattell worked with Charles Spearman who was developing factor analysis to aid in his quest to discover the basic factors of human ability. Cattell thought that could also be applied to the area of personality. He reasoned that human personality must have basic, underlying, universal dimensions just as the physical world had basic building blocks (like oxygen and hydrogen). He felt that if the basic building blocks of personality were discovered and measured, then human behavior (e.g., creativity, leadership, altruism, or aggression) could become increasingly understandable and predictable.
Lexical Hypothesis (1936).
In 1936 Gordon Allport and H.S. Odbert hypothesized that:
This statement has become known as the Lexical Hypothesis, which posits that if there is a word for a trait, it must be a real trait. Allport and Odbert utilized this hypothesis to identify personality traits by working through two of the most comprehensive dictionaries of the English language available at the time, and extracting 18,000 personality-describing words. From this gigantic list they extracted 4500 personality-describing adjectives which they considered to describe observable and relatively permanent traits.
Cattell and his colleagues began a comprehensive program of international research aimed at identifying and mapping out the basic underlying dimensions of personality. Their goal was to systematically measure the widest possible range of personality concepts, in a belief that "all aspects of human personality which are or have been of importance, interest, or utility have already become recorded in the substance of language" (Cattell, R. B., 1943, p. 483). They wanted to include every known personality dimension in their investigation, and thus began with the largest existing compilation of personality traits (Allport and Odbert, 1936). Over time, they used factor analysis to reduce the massive list of traits by analyzing the underlying patterns among them. They studied personality data from different sources (e.g. objective measures of daily behavior, interpersonal ratings, and questionnaire results), and measured these traits in diverse populations, including working adults, university students, and military personnel. (Cattell, 1957, 1973).
16 Personality Factors identified (1946).
The 16 Personality Factors were identified in 1946 by Raymond Cattell. He believed that in order to adequately map out personality, one had to utilize L-Data (life records or observation), Q data (information from questionnaires), and T-data (information from objective tests). The development of the 16PF Questionnaire, although confusingly named, was an attempt to develop an adequate measure of T-data. Cattell used the emerging technology of computers to analyze the list of 4500 adjectives through the statistical technique of factor analysis, which seeks to identify constructs that underlie observed variables. He organized the list of adjectives into fewer than 200 items and asked subjects to rate people whom they knew on each of the adjectives on the list (an example of L-data because the information was gathered from observers). This allowed Cattell to narrow down to 35 terms. Ratings of the 35 terms were factor-analyzed, revealing a 12 factor solution. After the 35 terms were made into self-rating items Cattell found that there were 4 additional factors, which he believed consisted of information that could only be provided through self-rating. This process allowed the use of ratings by observers, questionnaires, and objective measurements of actual behavior. Together the original 12 factors and the 4 covert factors made up the original 16 primary personality factors. As the five factor theory gained traction and research on the 16 factors continued, subsequent analysis identified five factors underlying the 16 factors. Cattell called these global factors.
The 16PF factorial structure resembles that of Szondi test and the "Berufsbilder test" (BTT), despite being based on different theories.
Analytic study and revisions of the factors (1949-2011).
Over several decades of factor-analytic study, Cattell and his colleagues gradually refined and validated their list of underlying source traits. The search resulted in the sixteen unitary traits of the 16PF Questionnaire. These traits have remained the same over the last 50 years of research. In addition, the 16PF Questionnaire traits are part of a multi-variate personality model that provides a broader framework including developmental, environmental, and hereditary patterns of the traits and how they change across the life span (Cattell, 1973, 1979, 1980).
The validity of the factor structure of the 16PF Questionnaire (the 16 primary factors and 5 global factors) has been supported by more than 60 published studies (Cattell & Krug, 1986; Conn & Rieke, 1994; Hofer and Eber, 2002). Research has also supported the comprehensiveness of the 16PF traits: all dimensions on other major personality tests (e.g., the NEO Personality Inventory, the California Psychological Inventory, the Personality Research Form, and the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator) have been found to be contained within the 16PF scales in regression and factor-analytic studies (Conn & Rieke, 1994; Cattell, 1996).
Since its release in 1949, the 16PF Questionnaire has been revised four times: once in 1956, once in 1962, once in 1968, and the current version was developed in 1993. The US version of the test was also re-standardized in 2002, along with the development of forms for children and teenagers; versions for the UK, Ireland, France and the Netherlands were re-standardised in 2011. Additionally, there is a shortened form available primarily for employee selection and the questionnaire has been adapted into more than 35 languages. The questionnaire has also been validated in a range of international cultures over time.
The Original Big Five Traits.
From the beginning of his research, Cattell found personality traits to have a multi-level, hierarchical structure (Cattell, 1946). The first goal of these researchers was to find the most fundamental primary traits of personality. Next they factor-analyzed these numerous primary traits to see if these traits had a structure of their own—i.e. if some of them naturally went together in self-defining, meaningful groupings.
They consistently found that the primary traits themselves came together in particular, meaningful groupings to form broader secondary or global traits, each with its own particular focus and function within personality (Cattell & Schuerger, 2003). For example, the first global trait they found was Extraversion-Introversion. It resulted from the natural affinity of five primary traits that defined different reasons for an individual to move toward versus away from other people (see below). They found that there was a natural tendency for these traits to go together in the real world, and to define an important domain of human behavior—social behavior. This global factor Global Extraversion/Introversion (the tendency to move toward versus away from interaction with others) is composed from the following primary traits:
In a similar manner, these researchers found that four other primary traits consistently merged to define another global factor which they called Receptivity or Openness (versus Tough-Mindedness). This factor was made up of four primary traits that describe different kinds of openness to the world:
Another global factor, Self-Controlled (or conscientious) versus Unrestrained, resulted from the natural coming together of four primary factors that define the different ways that human beings manage to control their behavior:
Because the global factors were developed by factor-analyzing the primary traits, the meanings of the global traits were determined by the primary traits which made them up. In addition, then the global factors provide the overarching, conceptual framework for understanding the meaning and function of each of the primary traits. Thus, the two levels of personality are essentially inter-connected and inter-related.
However it is the primary traits that provide a clear definition of the individual's unique personality. Two people might have exactly the same level of Extraversion, but still be quite different from each other. For example, they may both be at the 80% on Extraversion, and both tend to move toward others to the same degree, but they may be doing it for quite different reasons. One person might achieve an 80% on Extraversion by being high on Social Boldness (Factor H: confident, bold, talkative, adventurous, fearless attention-seeking) and on Liveliness (Factor F: high-energy, enthusiastic, fun-loving, impulsive), but Reserved (low on Factor A: detached, cool, unfeeling, objective). This individual would be talkative, bold, and impulsive but not very sensitive to others people's needs or feelings. The second Extravert might be high on Warmth (Factor A: kind, soft-heated, caring and nurturing), and Group-Oriented (low Factor Q2: companionable, cooperative, and participating), but Shy (low on Factor H: timid, modest, and easily embarrassed). This second Extravert would tend to show quite different social behavior and be caring, considerate, and attentive to others but not forward, bold or loud—and thus have quite a different effect on his/her social environment.
Today, the global traits of personality are commonly known as the Big Five. The Big Five traits are most important for getting an abstract, theoretical understanding of the big, overarching domains of personality, and in understanding how different traits of personality relate to each other and how different research findings relate to each other. The big-five are important for understanding and interpreting an individual's personality profile mainly in getting a broad overview of their personality make-up at the highest level of personality organization. However, it is still the scores on the more specific primary traits that define the rich, unique personality make-up of any individual. These more-numerous primary traits have repeatedly been found to be the most powerful in predicting and understanding the complexity of actual daily behavior (Ashton, 1998; Goldberg, 1999; Mershon & Gorsuch, 1988; Paunonen & Ashton, 2001).
How to Use The 16PF.
Psychologists and counselors can use the 16PF assessment to:

</doc>
<doc id="18334138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334138" title="Agbash">
Agbash

Agbash or Ağbaş may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18334140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334140" title="List of Alaska state symbols">
List of Alaska state symbols

The following is a list of symbols of the U.S. state of Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="18334142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334142" title="John Lambert (cricketer)">
John Lambert (cricketer)

Captain (later Colonel) John Lambert (born 28 April 1772 in England; died 14 September 1847 at Thames Ditton, Surrey) was an English amateur cricketer who made 12 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1794 to 1810.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).

</doc>
<doc id="18334145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334145" title="Imafuku Masakazu">
Imafuku Masakazu


</doc>
<doc id="18334149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334149" title="Regiment of Patricians">
Regiment of Patricians

The 1st Infantry Regiment "Los Patricios" (Regimiento de Infantería 1 "Los Patricios") is the oldest and one of the most prestigious regiments of the Argentine Army. The title is often shortened to the Patricians' Regiment (Regimiento de Patricios). Since the 1990s the regiment has been designated as air assault infantry. It is also the custodian of the Buenos Aires Cabildo, the welcoming party for visiting foreign dignitaries to Argentina and the escort and honor guard battalion for the City Government of Buenos Aires. Since 22 September 2010, the Regiment's headquarters building has been a National Historical Monument following a declaration by the Argentine government on the occasion of the country's bicentennial year.
The regiment was formed as the "Legión Patricia" ("Patricians' Legion) from inhabitants of Buenos Aires in 1806 to fight against the British invasions of the Río de la Plata. Among some of its first members it included a woman, the "Alférez" (approximately, second lieutenant) Manuela Pedraza, one of the heroes of the Defense of Buenos Aires in 1806. The regiment therefore existed prior to Argentine independence. Their first commander was Cornelio Saavedra. The regiment also fought in the May Revolution, the Cisplatine War, the Platine War, the Paraguayan War, the Dirty War, and the Falklands War.
Although the word "Patrician" is usually employed as a synonym for aristocrat, in the naming of the Regiment it meant "the sons of the homeland" (Spanish ""Patria"" meaning "homeland"). Indeed, the original members of the Regiment were not aristocrats but Criollos, who were much farther down in the social hierarchy of the time.
Creation.
Prior to the arrival of British troops, Viceroy Santiago de Liniers decided that volunteers drawn from the population of Buenos Aires muster at the Fort on 15 September 11806. More than 4,000 men appeared, who had to be enrolled in other military units.
It was the largest and most powerful unit recruited for the Defense of Buenos Aires and, like other urban military units formed, was granted the privilege of electing its officers. The first election was held at the Consulate of Buenos Aires on November 8, 1806. Lieutenant Colonel Cornelio Saavedra was elected as head of the Corps or Legion and commander of the 1st Battalion, Esteban Romero was elected commander of the Second Battalion, and José Domingo Urien the Third Battalion commander. Manuel Belgrano was elected Sergeant Major (later replaced by Juan José Viamonte) and among other officers were Feliciano Chiclana, Vicente López y Planes, and Eustace Perdriel Gregorio Díaz Vélez.
St. Martin of Tours became the patron of the unit and on 9 November the regimental flag was blessed at the Cathedral of Buenos Aires along with that of the Arribeños Corps. The unit was then called the "Buenos Aires Patrician Volunteer Urban Legion", with the status of a full Tercio or Colonial Regiment of Militia.
The Patricios Legion was made up of three battalions, with 23 companies of 50 men each (8 battalions I and III and seven in the II), with a total of 1,356 soldiers.
Composition of the Patricians Legion in 1807.
Regimental Command
Battalion Composition
In all: "69 Officers, 70 Sergeants, 20 Drummers, 179 Corporals, and 1,059 enlisted soldiers, for a total of 1,395 Patrician Legionnaires".
Baptism of fire.
During the second British invasion of the Rio de la Plata Saavedra was deployed to Colonia del Sacramento with a contingent, but after the British captured Montevideo he returned to Buenos Aires in February 1807.
On 7 June 1807, during the battle of San Pedro in the Banda Oriental, the Spanish forces from Buenos Aires led by Francisco Javier Elio, including several companies of the Patricians Legion, were preparing to storm Colonia del Sacramento. The British, under Lt. Col. Denis Pack, attacked and defeated them.
The whole unit had its baptism of fire on 4 July 1807 when the British attacked Buenos Aires. The 1st and 2nd Battalions of the Patricios Legion were located in the Division of Right (red flag), while the 3rd Battalion was in the Reserve Division (Tricolor). The Legion, together with the other urban military battalions deployed, won that battle.
Mutiny of Álzaga and the Patricians Corps.
Shortly after its successful baptism of fire of 1807, Saavedra and the patricians made an important new service to the public.
On January 1, 1809 the Cabildo of Buenos Aires, with support from the Spanish military units, tried to replace the viceroy Liniers with a Government Junta headed by Martin de Álzaga and create the "American Spain", before the occupation of Europe by the advancing Napoleonic armies. This was known as the Mutiny of Álzaga. Cornelio Saavedra, with the legion under his command and the native personnel from the other battalions of militias managed to abort the move and ensure the authority of the viceroy, obtaining as a result of these developments the dissolution of the Spanish rebel units prompting the viceroy to reinstate full control over the military. It also cleared the way for the natives who sought independence.
Four companies were also found involved, the 3rd Battalion, Patricians Legion under Jose Domingo de Urien and some officers of the other two battalions, such as Antonio José del Texo (a captain of one Battalion), Pedro Blanco and José Tomás Boys. Texo Urien was dismissed and sued for trying to kill Saavedra.
On January 13 the same year, as the Legion began to recover, it became the Patricians Corps by Royal orders via the Junta of Seville, and several of its officers received royal promotions. Several of the NCO's were commissioned into Sublieutenants.
The 1809 Reorganization and Alto Peru.
As a result, on September 11, 1809, by order of the new Viceroy Baltasar Hidalgo de Cisneros, the 3rd Battalion was dissolved, leaving the corps with the 1st and 2nd Battalions in its rosters. It was due to a reorganization of Buenos Aires' urban military units.
Under the new regulations, all the military corps assigned in Buenos Aires (including the Patricians Corps) would be composed of nine companies in every battalion, including grenadier companies. The Plana Mayor(High Command) were then composed of the following in accordance with the new regulations:
The Patricians Corps continued to have battalion numbers in their names and its honorific name in practice, while the other military corps had their honorifics abolished.
Earlier in the year, the Chuquisaca Revolution in May and the La Paz revolution in July saw the second action of the Patricians. Led by captain Diego Basavilbaso, two companies of the Patricians Legion joined the pacification forces of Vicente Nieto and Colonel Jose de Cordoba in Upper Peru that October, ending the revolutions on October 31 that year with Chuquisaca (today's Sucre in Bolivia) reoccupied by the royalist forces.
The May Revolution and the Patricians.
The May Revolution's main protagonists, Saavedra and the Patricians Corps, would be successful during the days leading up to the May 25, 1810 open cabildo of Buenos Aires, which resulted to the Viceroy's forced resignation and the birth of the Primera Junta. This is the reason why the Patricians Regiment is often called "The Sword of May".
Monday, May 14-Thursday, May 17<br>
Upon hearing the news that by January, the Junta of Seville had fallen, Saavedra decided to let everyone take advantage of Napoleon's Peninsular Campaign to act against the Viceroyal government. He and Juan Jose Castelli suggested having an open cabildo for this purpose, as against Martin Rodriguez's plan of revolutionary action against the Viceroy.
Saturday, May 19<br> 
Saavedra then joined the meetings at the Pena residence, together with other military leaders. The meetings decided that he and Manuel Belgrano meet with the senior mayor of Buenos Aires, Juan Jose de Lezica, and Castelli meet with Julian de Levya, a procurator, to ask for their support for the holding of an open cabildo session, and tell them to go to the Viceroy to approve the plan
Sunday, May 20<br>
Saavedra, as commander of the Patrician Corps, later attended the military officers meeting with the Viceroy at a fort, and together with the other officers, returned to the Pena residence that midnight for another meeting with the military officers.
Monday, May 21<br>
A riot led by the "Legion Infernal" (Infernal Legion) which demanded an Open Cabildo meeting and was interrupting the work of the Cabildo was quickly stopped by Col. Saavedra and he then called on the crowds gathered at the Plaza de la Victoria (today's Plaza de Mayo) to leave at once.
Tuesday, May 22<br>
The Open Cabildo session with Col. Saavedra as one of the invited delegates convened that day. The Patricians Corps, together with the other military units, were on alert and were garrisoned to prepare for any major commotion outside the Cabildo. This did not happen since the session went on peacefully.
Wednesday, May 23<br>
Two days of sessions by the Open Cabildo finally resulted in the vote and resolution formally calling the Viceroy to conclude his duties as the Viceroy of Rio de la Plata. Just like the day earlier, the Patricians Corps was represented by Saavedra in the session. The Corps stood on alert all day to avoid riots and mass actions and to ensure a peaceful outcome of the session.
Thursday, May 24<br>
The cabildo, now with the session done, formally announced the formation of a Junta with now ex-Viceroy Cisneros as president and Saavedra and Castelli as two of the four members (The two were Criollos while Spaniards occupied the other two). When news of it was known, everyone was shocked and as a result, Domingo French, the city mail carrier, and treasury employee Antonio Beruti led a mob that made its way to the Cabildo for Cisneros's new job was against the Cabildo's will of his full resignation. Col. Martin Rodriguez, who was there at the Cabildo told everyone inside that a revolt among the soldiery of the city was possible enough if they some of them still had loyaties to Cisneros. The Patrician Corps was there at the plaza that day, ready for any commotion but this did not happen.
Saavedra and Castelli led a delegation that night to the Cisneros residence to report on what happened, as well as to recommend their (and Cisneros's) resignation from the new Junta being formed.
Friday, May 25<br>
Despite the rains, the proudest moment of the Patrician Regiment came that day.
That morning a big crowd plus a militia unit commanded by French and Beruti was at the Plaza de la Victoria for a demonstration asking for the dissolution of the Junta formed yesterday, Cisneros' resignation as its president and a formation of new Junta minus the former Viceroy. Then, the Cabildo was overrun and because the Cabildo hadn't met yet, the crowd began to stir.
By 9:00 the Cabildo began its work and issued an order for the dispersal of the crowd. The Patrician Corps led by Saavedra was there, together with the other military units whose commanders came to the Cabildo to ask for their compliance. But they didn't comply. Saavedra and some unit commanders were outside the Cabildo, and the commanders who were there told the Cabildo that the order could not be executed and obeyed. While this was happening the Patrician Corps was guarding the Cablido and the surrounding streets, on orders from Eustoquio Diaz Velez, together with soldiers from the other militia battalions.
When the crowd went inside again, they were told to write to the Cabildo what they have been rallying for. Minutes after that a document with 411 signatures (still conserved) was delivered to the Cabildo, with illegible signatures made. (The full document was made by a Patricians Corps officer, Sublieutenant Nicolas Pombo de Otero.) The contents of the letter include:
Later, despite the rain, the Cabildo went to the balcony to ask for everyone's vote for the request to be ratified by all. Then, due to the heavy rain, the crowd thinned up, but several of them heard the request read aloud, and then approved it. Saavedra then spoke to everyone on what happened, and left the Cabildo on his way amid cannon salutes and bells, happy on his now concurrent posts as Patrician Corps Commander and as the new Junta President as well.
The formation of the Patrican Regiments through the May 29 Decree.
4 days after its formation, the new Primera Junta, led by Saavedra as its President, formally announced, through a May 29, 1810 proclamation, that the Buenos Aires Militia Battalions of Infantry are now the very first line infantry regiments, with the other service and arms regiments soon to be raised.
As a result, the Argentine Army was born, with the first units being that of the Patricians' Legion, by now the "Patricians" 1st and 2nd Infantry Regiments coming from the 1st and 2nd Battalions, Patricians Corps.
The order of June 8, 1810 (also by the First Junta) formally permitted the inclusion of the mulattooes (blacks, "pardos" and natives) of the Castas Militia Btn. to join the new army, with a new regiment (the 3rd Inf. Regiment) formed for their participation, as well as their admission into the 2nd Infantry Regiment.
Interior expeditions.
On behalf of the First Junta and later of the Junta Grande, the Patricians Regiments went to the former viceregal provinces to formally ask for their inclusion into the new First Junta (and later the Great Junta) and to send their delegates, as well as for the liberation for the former viceregal towns and cities.
By June 8, they were part of the newly formed Army of the North commanded by Colonel Francisico Ortiz de Ocampo and Lieutenant Colonel Antonio Gonzales Balcarces as part of the Alto Peru campaign. The first companies of both regiments were included, and by November 3, these companies joined the newly formed 6th Infantry Regiment together with troops and officers from Tucuman and Santiago del Estero. The two companies represented the Patrician Regiments during the Army of the North's first battles.
By September, the 1st Coy., 1st Infantry Regt. and 1st Coy., 2nd Infantry Regt. joined and participated in the Paraguay campaign on behalf of their regiments.
March the next year saw representatives of the 1st and 2nd Infantry join the Liberation of Uruguay campaign as part of the Vanguard Division.
Merger of the Regiments and a new commander.
Saavedra soon resigned as unit commander of the 1st Regiment on November 11, 1810 and was replaced by Manuel Belgrano. At the same day, the 1st and 2nd Infantry Regiments merged to become the "1st Infantry Regiment "Patricios"" with Belgrano as the commander of the new regiment.
The 1811 Mutiny in the Trenches.
On December 6, 1811 a mutiny led by a squad of the Patricians Regiment mutinied against their new commander, for the preservation of the regiment's privileges, now removed by the First Triumvirate. It ended in failure, and the mutinied squad was executed on December 11 the same year, on Bernardino Rivadavia's orders.
The New 1st Regiment of Foot.
The merger, as well as other reasons, caused many problems for the new 1st Infantry Regiment. Despite it all, it participated in all other military actions on behalf of the First Triumvirate. Examples of such battles were the Battle of Tucuman, the Battle of Salta, the battles at Vilcapugio, Ayohuma, and the Battle of Sipe-Sipe, all led by their commander, Col. Belgrano. In 1812, he even presided over the creation of the Flag of Argentina in the presence of the Patricians Regiment of Foot in Rosario on February 20. Afterwards, it was placed in active service in Buenos Aires months after its Uruguayan deployment.
"Tambor de Tacuari" Regimental Band.
The "Tambor de Tacuari" ("Tacuari Drummer") Band of the Regiment of Patricians, established together with the Regiment in 1806, is the military band that serves as the regiment's musical support service, acting as one of Argentina's most celebrated military bands. It's the only band in the nation to have a child musician among its ranks as a snare drummer, in memory of the young 12-year old drummer Pedrito Rios from Concepcion del Uruguay, who died in action at the Battle of Tacuari in 1811, in which the band lends its name. The band today is led by its Director of Music, Cpt. Diego Cejas.
Regimental March "El Uno Grande" "(The Great One)".
Composed by Campos Pinto and Otantino Ambrosi, this is the official regimental march of the Patricios Regiment, played by the "Tacuari Drummer" Regimental Band.
Lyrics in Spanish.
(Es) El Uno Grande entre los grandes,
Certinela firme siempre alerta,
forjado en el yunque de los Andes
en la horas de la Patria incierta.
Es Patricios en grito de guerra
que en Mayo la Patria escuchó
son la huestes del bravo Saavedra:
Llegando hasta los confines del monte, el llano y la sierra
Y si un día la voz de la Patria a la lucha llamara,
que en Curupaytí, Salta y Tucumán, abatieron pendones en homérica lid. (optional repeat)
Lyrics in English.
(Here is) The Great One of all the greats
Sentinels on attention, always alert,
Formed from the caverns of the Andes
In the crucial hours of the Fatherland.
For the Patricians, that war cry
The Fatherland that very May responded
Because brave Saavedra prepared it all, 
These Buenos Aires heroes live on.(repeat verse 1, then instrumental trio)
Various bugles sound these brave notes of war throughout the land
Coming from the confines of the hills, plains and mountains
And from that day the Fatherland's voice came to us,
Remembrances come from various persons illustrious
In Curupayti, Salta and Tucuman, the pennants in remembrance still waved. (optional repeat)

</doc>
<doc id="18334152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334152" title="Fastest with the Mostest">
Fastest with the Mostest

Fastest with the Mostest is a 1960 Warner Bros. cartoon in the "Looney Tunes" series featuring Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner. It was released on January 9, 1960, making it the first Warner Bros. cartoon of the 1960s.
Plot.
"Introduction:" Wile E. Coyote sneaks up on a firework and lights it, hoping for it to explode when the Road Runner passes over it, but it explodes instantly. The credits are shown within the dust, and the coyote's Latin name ("Carnivorous slobbius") is visible after they disappear. The Road Runner, significantly late to the party, zooms into view with the name "Velocitus incalcublii". The action resumes and both characters begin the chase. Wile catches up to the Road Runner and passes him, but on his side. Wile continues to move further from the Road Runner until signaled. Then, as he is looking backwards, he fails to spot the end of the cliff and suffers gravity. Determined, the coyote shakes it all off and climbs the cliff in sections, visibly straining himself. Finally, he hangs on to the very edge and pulls himself barely up onto the end of the cliff. The Road Runner, out of pure sadism, has waited until now to beep Wile off the cliff and sideways into thin air. Wile E. looks backwards and soon deduces the situation, thus causing gravity to activate a second time.
1. Wile has a simple new plan: Drop a bomb on the Road Runner from a hot air balloon. However, when the coyote inflates the balloon with his mouth, the balloon inflates the coyote instead and Wile floats through the air, just grabbing the bomb before he deflates and flies randomly through the sky. When all the air leaves him, Wile sighs with relief until he sees he is holding the bomb. He lets go of it, only to realize he is also falling! This he attempts to alleviate by increasing his drag, but slows himself enough that the bomb catches up to him. Now, Wile has to speed back up, all the way back down to the ground, and then strategically hide to avoid the bomb; however, underneath a low arch is exactly where the bomb lands. Thinking fast, the coyote spots the bomb's end poking through the rock and hears it "ticking", and thus unscrews the head and takes out the explosive. The bomb's clock stops ticking, but a relieved Wile is blown up when it abruptly starts ticking again.
2. This time, Wile uses trickery to stop the Road Runner. He posts several white signs along the Road Runner's path:
"ANXIETIES AND ULCERS"
"COME FROM EXCESSIVE SPEED"
"SLOW DOWN!"
"LIVE LONGER"
"USE "TRANQUILIZED" BIRD SEED!"
in an effort to get the Road Runner to stop. The Road Runner obligingly munches while the coyote prepares to lower a bucket to trap the Road Runner. However, he steps on the bucket and cannot keep his foot out of it. Finally, he falls down and has to hold onto the string to stay up, then ends up twisted inside the bucket. The coyote unties the rope, but then sees that was the very rope holding himself up. He hides in the bucket prepared for impact, when by fortune it hangs itself up on a tree branch. Wile relaxes hunched in the bucket until the excessive weight on one side causes the coyote to fall out again and down to the ground. The Road Runner provides a convenient spring, and Wile thanks his rival with a small "THANKS" card as he is bounced directly up into the first branch and is hung up by the wire.
3. Wile hammers a Detour sign into the road, directing the Road Runner to go down a very dangerous outcropping. The Road Runner stops at the very edge, and the coyote follows, trapping the bird. Wile licks his lips, prepares his utensils and walks toward the Road Runner to eat him. The bird stands still, showing no sign of concern or nervousness. Then the thin outcropping breaks and sends Wile to the ground, dejected, and leaving the Road Runner standing on a floating piece of rock.
As if that wasn't enough, his own utensils follow him down, scrape the skin off his back, and spear his tail, despite his efforts to avoid them. The coyote leaps all the way into the air and rejoins his napkin, and both are hung up on another branch. The entire tree then falls down, pounding the coyote through the ground and into a waterfall. Wile cannot fight the flow, and is swept downstream, under a bridge, and through an entire network of progressively thinner pipes before his arm protrudes out of a spigot. He twists the spigot and the rest of himself comes out, leaving Wile staring at the Road Runner, still standing on the floating piece of rock.
Wile, depressed and embarrassed, holds up a sign to the Road Runner and the audience: ""I wouldn't mind - except that he defies the law of gravity!"" The camera cuts to the Road Runner's response on a second sign: ""Sure - but I never studied law!"" The Road Runner leaps off the floating rock with a mighty burst of speed onto a safe haven far to the right (not toward the much closer road) as the cartoon fades.
The title is a reference to the epigram "Git thar fustest with the mostest", often erroneously contributed to Nathan Bedford Forrest.

</doc>
<doc id="18334155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334155" title="Christopher Bethell-Codrington">
Christopher Bethell-Codrington

Christopher Bethell-Codrington (born Christopher Codrington; October 1764 – 4 February 1843) was an English amateur cricketer who made five known appearances in first-class cricket matches in 1797.
Career.
He was mainly associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).

</doc>
<doc id="18334156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334156" title="Gilda Cruz-Romo">
Gilda Cruz-Romo

Gilda Cruz-Romo (née Gilda Cruz, on February 12, 1940) is a Mexican operatic soprano, particularly associated with dramatic roles 
of the Italian repertory, notably "Aida" and "Tosca".
Born in Guadalajara, Jalisco, she studied at the Mexico City Conservatory with Angel Esquivel. She made her debut in Mexico City, as Ortlinde in "Die Walküre", in 1962.
Her international career took off with her debut at the New York City Opera in 1969, as Margherita in "Mefistofele", opposite Norman Treigle. The following year, on December 18, 1970, she made her debut at the Metropolitan Opera in New York, as Cio-Cio-San in "Madama Butterfly", and remained at the Met until 1984. Her roles there included; Nedda, Violetta, Manon Lescaut, Suor Angelica, Tosca, Aida, Elisabeth de Valois, Desdemona, Amelia, both Verdi's Leonoras, from "Il trovatore" and "La forza del destino". She also appeared at the opera houses of Chicago, Houston, Dallas, San Francisco, New Orleans, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, etc.
She also appeared in Europe, making her debut at the Royal Opera House in London in 1972, and La Scala in Milan in 1973, both as Aida. She scored a triumph as "Luisa Miller" in 1974, in a live performance with the RAI Torino, opposite Luciano Pavarotti, and conducted by Peter Maag. She sang at the Verona Arena, the Rome Opera, La Fenice in Venice, the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino in Florence, etc. 
In 1973, she also made her debut at the Vienna State Opera, as Leonora in "La forza del destino", also singing "Madama Butterfly" and "Luisa Miller". She also appeared at the Bolshoi in Moscow, the Liceo in Barcelona, the Teatro Nacional Sao Carlos in Lisbon, and the Palais Garnier in Paris. 
During the 1988-89 season, she added the role of Cherubini's "Medea" to her repertory, and sang the role of Matilde in the American premiere of Mascagni's "Silvano", at the New Jersey Opera. 
Cruz-Romo has been very active in concert and recital as well. She did not make any commercial recordings but can be heard in a few "live performances" of her best roles.

</doc>
<doc id="18334159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334159" title="Paddy Clohessy">
Paddy Clohessy

(Patrick) Paddy Clohessy (16 April 1908 – 6 August 1971) was an Irish sports person and politician. He played hurling with his local club Fedamore and with the Limerick senior inter-county team from 1928 until 1940. He later became a Fianna Fáil politician.
Playing career.
Club.
Clohessy played his club hurling with his local club in Fedamore and enjoyed some success. He won his sole senior county title with the club in 1927.
Inter-county.
Clohessy first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the Limerick senior hurling team in 1928. At that stage Limerick were down the pecking order in terms of the top teams in the Munster Championship.
All this changed in 1933 when Limerick defeated the reigning provincial champions of Clare, giving Clohessy his first Munster title. The subsequent All-Ireland final pitted Limerick against Kilkenny – the winners of the championship in 1932. The game was a low-scoring affair with 'the Cats' claiming the title on a score line of 1–7 to 0–6.
In 1934 Limerick began their fight back with Clohessy added a second Munster medal to his collection as the team trounced Waterford. In their second consecutive All-Ireland final appearance Limerick faced Dublin. The metropolitans proved to be no pushover as the game ended in a draw on a score line of 2–7 to 3–4. The replay saw Limerick capture the title by five points giving Clohessy his first All-Ireland medal.
1935 saw Limerick capture Clohessy win his first National Hurling League title, however, he later missed out on a third Munster title due to injury. Clohessy was back for the All-Ireland final as Limerick took on Kilkenny once again. Limerick had had a fantastic run of 31 unbeaten games; however, Kilkenny put an end to this by defeating Clohessy's team by just a single point.
In 1936 Clohessy added a second National League medal to his collection before collecting a third Munster medal. For the third time in four years Kilkenny provided the opposition in the subsequent All-Ireland final. Limerick, however, had the measure of 'the Cats' on the day and claimed victory on a score line of 5–6 to 1–5. It was Clohessy's second All-Ireland medal.
In 1937 Clohessy captured a fourth consecutive National League medal; however, Limerick later lost their provincial crown for the first time since 1932. Three years later in 1940 Limerick regained their Munster title after an epic battle with Cork giving Clohessy his fourth provincial title. In the subsequent All-Ireland final the two outstanding teams of the decade, Kilkenny and Limerick, did battle once again. 'The Cats' were not the force of old as a third All-Ireland medal went to Clohessy following a 3–7 to 1–7 victory. It was Clohessy's last major title with the Limerick inter-county hurlers as he retired from inter-county hurling following the victory.
Provincial.
Clohessy also lined out with Munster in the inter-provincial hurling competition. He first played for his province in 1932, however, on that occasion his side was defeated by Leinster. Clohessy remained on the team and helped Munster to capture the Railway Cup title in 1934. He won a further four title sin-a-row in 1937, 1938, 1939 and 1940.
Political career.
A farmer by profession, he contested the 1954 general election in the Limerick East constituency but was not elected. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) at the subsequent 1957 general election and held his seat until standing down at the 1969 general election.
His nephew Peadar Clohessy was a Fianna Fáil and Progressive Democrats TD for Limerick East in the 1980s and 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18334177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334177" title="How 'Bout Us">
How 'Bout Us

"How 'Bout Us" is a 1981 hit single recorded by R&B music group Champaign and composed by band keyboardist Dana Walden. Originally released on the band's debut album of the same name, the title track peaked at #12 on the Hot 100. Of Champaign's seven charting singles, the song remains the group's most successful.
Song information.
"How 'Bout Us" peaked at #4 on the soul chart and was one of three releases to make the top 10 on the soul chart. The song was on the Hot 100 chart for 23 weeks, peaking at #12 on 6 June 1981, and also reached the top of the Adult Contemporary chart for two weeks. The title track of Champaign's debut album and their first single, the tune combines instrumentals, traditional background vocals repeated multiple times, and poetic verses performed by Champaign's lead vocalist Pauli Carman to create a sound similar to other ballads released during the time.
Reception.
Both the song and the album it debuted on where acclaimed by Allmusic who called it " smooth, well-crafted pop-R&B topped by the creamy vocals of Pauli Carman and Rena Jones. This debut is a pop hybrid that sounds very promising, although the group never followed through adequately."
Cover versions.
The song has been covered as a duet between established blue-eyed soul singer/musician Grayson Hugh and noted R&B superstar, Betty Wright; their version, from the soundtrack of the 1989 film True Love, peaked at #67 on the American pop charts, crossing over to #30 R&B.
A cover by American country music group Girls Next Door peaked at number 71 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in 1990.
Versions have also been released by Johnny Logan in 1991 and Lulu in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18334191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334191" title="Marvel Saga">
Marvel Saga

The Marvel Saga: The Official History of the Marvel Universe was a comic book series which attempted to condense the first 25 years of Marvel Universe events into a sequential, narrative story.
Overview.
The series was researched and written by Peter Sanderson and edited by Danny Fingeroth. It was published over 25 issues from December 1985 to December 1987. The story follows Marvel continuity as closely as possible from the inception of the Marvel Universe, and it is stated in the first issue that there is nothing in the series that hasn't already been printed in previous Marvel comics. The illustration of the comics was mostly made up from excerpts from the original comics in which the events being described took place, with the addition of some new artwork to describe some of the events mentioned.
The series was meant to be a cohesive and quick way for newcomers to catch up on the entirety of the Marvel Universe at once, featuring the stories of the biggest and most important events in the Universe (up to 1987), including origins of most of the major Marvel characters. It also allows readers to see how stories from many different series are related and how they fit together in chronological order. Since the series ended in 1987, many more important events and facts have been introduced that may affect the stories told in the series, but it still represents the basic early storyline of the Marvel Universe.
Spin-offs.
Subsequent releases from Marvel have followed the "Marvel Saga" format. "Wolverine Saga", a four-part mini-series published from September, 1989 to December, 1989, detailed the history of Wolverine up to that time. "Spider-Man Saga", another four issue series, was released from November, 1991 to February, 1992 and did the same thing for Spider-Man.
Beginning in 2006, Marvel released several "Marvel Saga"-style one-shots for their titles. The list of these books are:
In January, 2012, Marvel published a one-shot comic titled "History of the Marvel Universe", which provided an overview of the past 50 years of Marvel history in the "Marvel Saga" format.
Collected editions.
The series has been collected into two trade paperbacks:

</doc>
<doc id="18334214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334214" title="Sweat Equity (TV series)">
Sweat Equity (TV series)

Sweat Equity is a television show on the DIY Network that shows home owners performing most of the renovations to their house in order to save money and boost the value of their home. The show is hosted by Amy Matthews who is a licensed contractor and personal trainer.

</doc>
<doc id="18334222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334222" title="List of terms for ethnic exogroups">
List of terms for ethnic exogroups

An ethnic exogroup is a group of people which does not belong to a particular ethnic group. Many cultures have terms referring to all outsiders, but in practice this often becomes narrowed to the largest outsider group. In particular, exogroup terms used by minorities in a particular country often become specific to the majority in that country rather than applying to other minorities as well. Exogroup terms are sometimes considered to be derogatory, depending on the word and the context and manner in which it is used. They may be distinguished from ethnic or religious slurs in that they do not necessarily designate a specific group, and instead target all who do not belong to a specific group.

</doc>
<doc id="18334241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334241" title="Andrew Tosh">
Andrew Tosh

Andrew Tosh (born Carlos Andrew McIntosh, 19 June 1967, Kingston, Jamaica), is a reggae singer and the son of Peter Tosh. He is the nephew of reggae singer Bunny Wailer, also an original member of The Wailers. Andrew has strong resemblance of his late father and like his father he rides the unicycle.
Biography.
Tosh was exposed to the music of his father's group The Wailers from an early age, his mother, Shirley Livingston, also being the sister of Bunny Wailer. His first recording session was in 1985, produced by Charlie Chaplin, and resulting in the single "Vanity Love". After his father was shot dead in 1987, he performed two songs at his funeral, "Jah Guide" and "Equal Rights".
He moved on to work with producer Winston Holness on his debut album, "Original Man". This was followed in 1989 by a second album, "Make Place For The Youth", which was recorded in the United States and was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album.
He toured with The Wailers Band in 1991.
In 2004, he recorded an album of songs by his father, "Andrew Sings Tosh: He Never Died".
In 2007, he announced that he was working on his fourth studio album, "Focus".
2010, he released an acoustic album dedicated to his father, Legacy An Acoustic Tribute to Peter Tosh produced by himself, his girlfriend Dawn Simpson and legendary Handel Tucker. The album features a duet with Andrew and Kymani Marley a rendition of Lessons in My Life and song entitle I Am which features Bunny Wailer. The album was nominated for 2011 Grammy.
In 2011, he announced that he was working on a new album titled "Eye to Eye", featuring Kymani Marley and other guest artists, expecting a 2012 release date.

</doc>
<doc id="18334261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334261" title="LCHC">
LCHC

LCHC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18334270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334270" title="Marion Forks, Oregon">
Marion Forks, Oregon

Marion Forks is an unincorporated community on the North Santiam Highway, 15 miles south of the city of Detroit, in Linn County, Oregon, United States.
The community is named for the nearby river fork where Marion Creek is received by the North Santiam River at the latter's river mile 86, the point at which Detroit Reservoir affects the level of the North Santiam River. Marion Creek was formerly known as the Marion Fork Santiam River.
There are two National Register of Historic Places-listed structures in the Marion Forks area: Independence Prairie Ranger Station and Marion Forks Guard Station.

</doc>
<doc id="18334314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334314" title="Eric Meyer">
Eric Meyer

Eric Meyer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18334332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334332" title="Kero One">
Kero One

Kero One is a Korean-American hip hop MC and producer from San Francisco, California. The origin of the name came from his graffiti tag when he was 15 and was short for Kerosene. In one of his lines from the album, "Windmills of the Soul," he says “When Kero’s on the Sene (scene) I fuel flame’s to burn emcees with more degrees than a PHD”.
Kero One's style, "has been compared to Common, Q-tip, and Kanye West, but Kero One's music is very positive and upbeat..."
History.
When Kero One was 6, he started listening to old school hiphop on the radio. The first hiphop song he heard was by Boogie Down Productions. Since then, he collected records perversely with genres spanning from hiphop, 70’s soul, funk, jazz, latin, soulful house, electronica and rock.
Later on, Kero One originally worked as a web designer, making 50 copies of his first single with home equipment and personal credit cards. He released his first 12” record “Check the Blueprints” in 2003 on his own imprint, Plug Label. Of the 50 copies that were eventually distributed around the world, one landed in a tiny record store in Tokyo, Japan. A few weeks later, it was found by a Japanese DJ who played it at a club that night and received dozens of inquiries, including a Japanese label executive who immediately contacted Kero One and asked for 3,000 copies of the record. The record, “Check the Blueprints” became an underground hiphop classic in Japan selling almost 15,000 copies, and Kero One was invited to tour the country just a few months after. He performed in cities throughout Japan.
Kero One went on to finish his first album, “Windmills of the Soul,” in 2005, handling everything from playing instruments, rapping, and sound engineering. Without a strong label backing or a street team, Kero One handled almost all the business himself. From promotions and marketing, manufacturing, finances, art direction and web design, Kero One personally handed out promos to tastemakers anywhere he could find them. Eventually the hard work paid off, and “Windmills of the Soul” garnered respect in many circles for Kero One’s thought provoking lyrics and musical soundscapes which fused live instrumentation with dusty analog samples.
It wasn’t long before Kero One quit his job as a web designer in 2006 to pursue music full time. Since 2006, Kero One has been awarded the title of “Best HipHop Album of 2006” from Remix Magazine Japan, topped iTunes hiphop charts, received praise from artists all over the world like Will.i.am of Black Eyed Peas, the legendary Stevie Wonder, Emmy nominated jazz singer Jaime Cullum, and multi award winning Korean Hiphop groups Epik High and Dynamic Duo. Kero One has also performed all over the world with renowned artists like KRS 1, Blu & Exile, Dougie Fresh, Quantic, Alice Russell, Living Legends, Souls of Mischief, Far East Movement, Epik High, Jay Park, Dynamic Duo & Simon D. Kero One’s Music has been heard in Printemps Mall in Paris, France, Takashimaya Mall in Tokyo, Hyatt hotels, and TV Shows like Anthony Bourdain's "The Layover" and Fuse TV. Additionally, Kero One has kept busy collaborating with acclaimed artists from all over the globe like Talib Kweli, Aloe Blacc, Tuomo (Finland), Mark Farina, Ben Westbeech (UK), DJ Deckstream (JAPAN), David Choi, Fashawn, Shing02, Dumbfoundead, The Sound Providers, DJ Mitsu (JAPAN), Abstract Rude and many others.
In 2012, Kero one released his fourth solo album, “Color Theory,” which raised over $10k from fans to pay for the mastering and engineering costs through Kickstarter. Once released, Color Theory received praise from fans as his “best album to date”. His lead single “What Am I Supposed to Do” has already charted on Radio Nova (France), J*Wave Japan, and WDR Funkhaus europa radio in Germany. Also, the song received a major endorsement from Stevie Wonder who asked Kero One to perform it at Stevie Wonder’s 17th Annual House Full of Toys Benefit Concert on December 15, 2012 at Nokia Live Theatre with Bruno Mars. Later on, Kero One formed a new collaboration project "Kesna Music" with successful YouTube singer Esna Yoon. They released their single "Is It Love?" on July 16th, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18334333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334333" title="PFC Akademik Svishtov">
PFC Akademik Svishtov

PFC Akademik Svishtov () is a Bulgarian association football club based in Svishtov who play in the B PFG, the second tier of Bulgarian football.
It plays its home matches at Akademik stadium with a capacity of 13,500 seats, and its team colours are blue and white. Akademik have spent four seasons in the Bulgarian first division in the past, the last time being the 1986–87 season.
History.
Akademik was founded on 10 November 1949, on general assembly of the D.A. Tsenov Academy of Economics in Svishtov. Akademik's first president was professor Velislav Gavriyski. 
In 1975–76 season, the club won B PFG title and with it gained promotion to the A PFG for the first time. In the following campaign, Akademik finished their debut A PFG season in 13th place. In 1977–78 season, Akademik had their best Bulgarian Cup run, beating Yantra Gabrovo, Dimitrovgrad, Benkovski Isperih and Slavia Sofia before losing to Marek Dupnitsa in the semi-finals. In the league, the club won just nine games and were relegated.
Seven years later, they won a second promotion to the top division by winning the B PFG. In 1985–86 season, Akademik achieved their highest A PFG placing of 11th. However, the next year they were relegated again.
In 2005, Akademik dropped to third division, for third time in their history. In the following 8 years, they spent their longest ever period out of the professional football. In 2012–13 season, Akademik were promoted to the B PFG as winners of the North-West V AFG. 

</doc>
<doc id="18334340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334340" title="Julian Smith">
Julian Smith

Julian Smith may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18334369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334369" title="St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church (Harpers Ferry, West Virginia)">
St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church (Harpers Ferry, West Virginia)

St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church in Harpers Ferry, West Virginia occupies a prominent location on the heights above Harpers Ferry. The original church was built in 1833 in a pseudo-Gothic style which it kept through the Civil War, in which it was the only church in Harpers Ferry to escape destruction. The church was extensively altered in 1896 in the then-popular Neo-Gothic style to produce the church seen today. The church commands a sweeping vista across the gorge of the Shenandoah River above its confluence with the Potomac River. The street along the side of the church building is part of the Appalachian Trail. A short trail leads from the church to Jefferson Rock. St. Peter's Church is a mission church of St. James in Charles Town. A Mass is offered at the historic church Sunday at 11 a.m.

</doc>
<doc id="18334374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334374" title="Scott Newlands">
Scott Newlands

Scott Newlands (born 1985) is a Scottish professional rugby player, currently with Oyonnax Rugby in the second tier of French rugby. He comes from Kelso and has previously played rugby professionally at Edinburgh Rugby and at amateur level for Kelso RFC and Heriot's Rugby Club. Newlands has also played for Scotland's national rugby sevens team, as well as for Scotland A in the Churchill Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18334376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334376" title="Station Montaigne Montesquieu (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Montaigne Montesquieu (Tram de Bordeaux)

The Montaigne Montesquieu station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location.
The station is located on the avenue des Arts in Pessac, the University area of the CUB.
Junctions.
There are no junctions with other tram lines or bus routes at this station.
It will soon be equipped with a third channel for partial terminus.

</doc>
<doc id="18334379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334379" title="Antoon">
Antoon

Antoon is both a given name and a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Given name:
Surname:

</doc>
<doc id="18334381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334381" title="President Winthrop">
President Winthrop

President Winthrop is a fictional president of the United States of America in Robert W. Chambers' collection of short stories, "The King in Yellow". His administration is mentioned in the story "The Repairer of Reputations" as having ended in 1920. The story itself was first published in 1895. Winthrop's administration saw the repeal of laws prohibiting suicide, "which bore its final fruit in the month of April, 1920, when the first Government Lethal Chamber was opened on Washington Square".

</doc>
<doc id="18334388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334388" title="Fire-class fireboat">
Fire-class fireboat

The Royal Canadian Navy operates two Fire-class fireboats/Yard tractor tugs. The two vessels are the CFAV "Firebrand" (YTR 562) and the CFAV "Firebird" (YTR 561).
"Firebird" is based at CFB Halifax, and "Firebrand" at CFB Esquimalt. 
According to the "Canadian American Strategic Review" the class was designed by naval architects Robert Allan Limited, and were built at Vancouver Shipyards in North Vancouver in 1978, and later acquired by the Canadian Forces.
On December 4, 2012 the Department of National Defence published an enquiry for Canadian shipbuilders interested in building replacements for the Glen class tugs¸ and fire class fireboats.
A single class would replace both the tugs and the fireboats, and would be operated by civilian crews.
The replacement vessels would have water cannons that could be controlled remotely, by a single individual.
The replacement vessels would have bollard pull of 40 tons—almost six times as much as the 7.5 tons the fire class vessels are capable of.

</doc>
<doc id="18334393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334393" title="Morris Kantor">
Morris Kantor

Morris Kantor was a Russian-born American painter based in the New York City area. Born in Minsk in 1896, Kantor was brought to the United States as a child in 1906. He made his home in West Nyack, New York for much of his life, and died there in 1974. He produced a prolific and diverse body of work, much of it in the form of paintings, which is distinguished by its stylistic variety over his long career.
Perhaps his most widely recognized work is the iconic painting "Baseball At Night", which depicts an early night baseball game played under artificial electric light. Although he is best known for his paintings executed in a realistic manner, over the course of his life he also spent time working in styles such as Cubism and Futurism, and produced a number of abstract or non-figural works. 
Kantor found employment in the Garment District upon his arrival in New York City, and was not able to begin formal art studies until 1916, when he began courses at the now-defunct Independent School of Art. Later in his career, Kantor himself was an instructor at the Cooper Union and also at the Art Students League of New York in the 1940s, and taught many pupils who later became famous artists in their own right, such as Knox Martin, Robert Rauschenberg and Susan Weil. He married fellow artist Martha Rhyther (1896–1981).
In addition to his downtown Manhattan studio adjacent to Union Square, he also maintained a studio on Cape Cod in Wellfleet, Massachusetts. Like many American artists, in the 1920s he also spent time working in Paris, where his circle included sculptor Isamu Noguchi among others. The 1930s found him in the position of supervisor of the Federal Art Project's Easel Painting Project in Rockland County, New York. In the 1940s some of his summers were spent in Monhegan, Maine. He was active in sketching and drawing through the 1970s, until shortly before his death.
Kantor's work is on display in many prominent museums, including the Smithsonian American Art Museum and the Hirshhorn Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18334395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334395" title="San Clemente Canyon">
San Clemente Canyon

San Clemente Canyon, California is a small open space park in San Diego, California, also known as Marian Bear Park. It is located parallel to California State Route 52. [http://www.trails.com/tcatalog_trail.asp?trailid=HGS463-012&Source=YSSP&oc=6000&utm_source=yahoo&utm_medium=ssp&utm_campaign=yssp_catalogtrail&track=1]

</doc>
<doc id="18334397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334397" title="John Bryson (Canadian politician)">
John Bryson (Canadian politician)

John Bryson (November 30, 1849 – January 20, 1896) was a Quebec lumberman, farmer and political figure. He represented Pontiac in the Canadian House of Commons from 1882 to 1891 and from 1892 to 1896 as a Conservative Party of Canada member.
He was born in Fort Coulonge, Canada East, the son of George Bryson, Sr. and Robina Cobb. In 1874, he married Mary, the daughter of Thomas Bryson. Bryson was mayor of Mansfield from 1882 to 1889 and mayor of Fort Coulonge from 1889 to 1890. He was defeated when he ran for reelection provincially in 1891 by Thomas Murray but, following an appeal of the election results, won the by-election held in 1892. Bryson died in office at the age of 46.
His brother George served as a member of the province's Legislative Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18334411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334411" title="Motivation Radio">
Motivation Radio

Motivation Radio is the third studio album by British progressive rock musician Steve Hillage. It was recorded primarily in California, and was produced and engineered by Malcolm Cecil, of TONTO's Expanding Headband. TONTO, a large handbuilt polyphonic synthesiser, stands for "The Original New Timbral Orchestra", and was used on this album.
The album entered the UK charts on 22 October 1977, where it stayed for 5 weeks, hitting a peak of number 28.
The cover features Hillage standing on a shoreline, with a large radio telescope in the background further along the bay. The radio telescope in the cover art appears to be a photograph of the Parkes radio telescope in New South Wales, Australia, superimposed on a shoreline picture.
The glissando guitar, the hallmark of this album, was intentionally recorded on 7 July 1977 (7/7/77) to give the record mystical relevance.
Track listing.
Music by Steve Hillage; lyrics by Steve Hillage and Miquette Giraudy, unless otherwise specified.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="18334415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334415" title="Charles Bolsius">
Charles Bolsius

Charles William Bolsius was born in 's-Hertogenbosch, Holland on 23 June 1907. He studied art formally in Europe moving to New Mexico in the early 1930s. He settled in Tucson in 1934. In that year he was painting, printing, building, and hand carving fine furniture and doors. 
His sophisticated artistic sensibly was influenced by German and Dutch expressionists including: Gestel, Thoroop, Kees van Dongen, and Emil Nolde while embracing the scale and environmental tonality of the American West. 
He exhibited his art in Arizona, New Mexico, Utah, and San Francisco. He designed and built numerous modified territorial/pueblo revival buildings in and around Fort Lowell on the edge of Tucson and was a member of many Tucson art organizations. 
His wood work can be seen throughout the Fort Lowell Historic District, Arizona State University Kerr House, in homes in Tucson's Catalina Foothills (including the front door of 2540 East Camino La Zorrela), the Church Doors of Sasabe Arizona and the doors to the Our Lady of Sorrows chapel at San Xavier del Bac. 
Bolsius died in March 1983 in Tucson, Pima County, Arizona.
References.
Turner, Teresa, The People of Fort Lowell, Fort Lowell Historic District Board
Arizona Daily Star, Bolsius dies; artist was 75, March 23, 1983.
External links.
Old Fort Lowell: http://parentseyes.arizona.edu/ftlowell/anglo.html
Desert Magazine:http://www.scribd.com/doc/2094884/193805DesertMagazine1938May
ASU Kerr House: http://www.asukerr.com/more/aboutkerr.shtml
Ask Art: http://www.askart.com/askart/artist.aspx?artist=11001881

</doc>
<doc id="18334416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334416" title="Starley">
Starley

Starley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18334419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334419" title="History of the Rugby League Conference">
History of the Rugby League Conference

The Rugby League Conference (RLC), also known as the "Co-operative Rugby League Conference" as a result of sponsorship from The Co-operative Group, was a series of regionally based divisions of amateur rugby league teams spread throughout England, Scotland and Wales.
It was founded in 1997 as the "Southern Conference League".
History.
Background.
In 1895, several clubs in the North of England broke away from the Rugby Football Union (RFU), the governing body of rugby football in England, over the issue of player expenses.
This led to the great schism which resulted in rugby becoming two separate sports: rugby union administered by the RFU and rugby league administered by the Rugby Football League as the two games evolved different sets of rules.
Although rugby league spread overseas, sanctions by the RFU made it more difficult for the sport to expand beyond its "heartlands" in the traditional counties of Yorkshire, Lancashire and Cumberland.
Earlier non-heartland competitions.
Prior to the Rugby League Conference, there were several non-heartland leagues throughout England run by the British Amateur Rugby League Association (BARLA); the most recent ones being the London Amateur Rugby League, the Midlands and South West Amateur Rugby League Association (MASWARLA), the East Midlands Amateur Rugby League Association (EMARLA), the Eastern Counties Amateur Rugby League and the North Eastern Amateur Rugby League Association (NEARLA).
The Eastern Counties and the MASWARLA competitions folded in 1995 (as did the Welsh Amateur League of the time) The few remaining teams were absorbed by the London ARL and the EMARLA. The London League initially regionalised its division 2 to cope with the increased travel pressures this caused, but they were unable to keep up numbers for this. While their leagues at the time survived (albeit at a low level) teams in the North East of England and the East Midlands were looking at playing in Yorkshire-based heartland leagues. However teams in the South of England had no such option, London Skolars were even rejected from BARLA's National Conference League for the 1996-97 season.
A further major factor leading to the creation of the "Southern Conference League" was the fact that the professional clubs had switched to a summer season the previous year and thus interest in the sport in the winter was decreased. The abandonment of amateurism by the rival sport of rugby union in 1995 meant that it was now possible for rugby union players to play rugby league during their off-season without risking a ban from rugby union whilst adding an element of competition for players in the winter. This gave non-heartland clubs a larger player pool but only if they switched to summer.
1997.
The "Southern Conference League" began as a 10-team pilot league in 1997. The teams selected were not necessarily those with the highest playing standard, as off-field factors were initially considered very important. Furthermore teams were selected to represent medium to large-sized towns and thus some clubs were considered undesirable, either due to being pub teams or due to being in small towns based too near a large town with a club (the latter being one of the reasons St Ives Roosters were outside the league until 2003).
The initial line-up was as follows:
Birmingham and Leicester Phoenix had been playing in the EMARLA (the former since the demise of the MASWARLA). 
Among the newly formed clubs were Bedford Swifts, the first ever cross-code club (i.e. playing both rugby union and rugby league), West London (formed from a merger of two of the more successful London ARL teams Brent-Ealing and London Colonials), Oxford Cavaliers and Worcester Royals (though the latter 2 had played friendlies the preceding summer). The other clubs joined from the London ARL including North London Skolars who were based on the student old boys network.
However, before the season started Reading Raiders announced that they would remain in the London ARL, the tenth place being offered to fellow London ARL club Cambridge Eagles, a club that missed out at the first stage of applications. As a result of Cambridge Eagles being more geographically suited to the Eastern Division, Bedford Swifts were switched to the Central Division.
Kingston were to resign from the league after only playing one game, but besides this and a forfeited semi-final this pilot season was generally successful, resulting in an increase of RFL funding to allow further expansion. North London Skolars were the winners of the first and only Southern Conference defeating Leicester Phoenix in the final.
The Scottish Conference was also founded in 1997 with five teams and had its first season. However, it would remain outside the Rugby League Conference structure until 2006.
1998.
The newly renamed "Rugby League Conference" was founded in 1998 with 14 teams (initially planned to be 15, but the proposed Northampton club failed to materialise) with several new clubs resulting in a reorganisation of the divisional line-ups to three divisions (West, East and South). Of these new clubs St Albans Centurions had previously been playing in the London ARL and Cheltenham had had two clubs in the MASWARLA when that existed. Another new twist was the addition of the monikers of Super League clubs by many clubs, with Worcester becoming the Saints, Birmingham the Bulls and West London the Sharks; some Super League clubs also gave support to the new clubs.
North London Skolars joined the National Conference League after the first season, while retaining a team in the Rugby League Conference.
Initial line-ups as follows (new clubs in italics):
In an all new team final Crawley Jets beat South Norfolk Saints at the Prince of Wales Stadium in Cheltenham.
1999.
The 1999 season saw further expansion to 20 teams, resulting in another change in the divisional system. Initially only 15 clubs were to be funded by the RFL and Hemel Stags were admitted to the East division to fill the gap originally intended for Northampton the previous season after their Northern Ford Premiership application was rejected and the Alliance (reserve grade) was scrapped. However, a change of decision and the collapse of the EMARLA saw this changed. Derby City were welcomed as the final champions of the EMARLA and the other 4 new sides were formed from the ashes of defunct winter clubs. Worcester Saints became Worcestershire Saints after moving to Redditch in the first relocation. For the first time all starting teams finished the season.
Team line-ups as follows (new clubs in italics):
The title was won by Chester Wolves who defeated Crawley Jets in the final.
2000.
This season saw a relatively modest further expansion to 24 teams, including the return of founder members Kingston. Leicester Phoenix’s Chairman Julian Harrison was appointed the new Conference Administrator. This also coincided with the demise of the London ARL as a winter British Amateur Rugby League Association league but saw it reform as a summer based merit league with a combination of reserve teams and new clubs (though South London Storm and Kingston Warriors joined the Rugby League Conference). In a second relocation Cheltenham Warriors moved to Gloucester and became Gloucestershire Warriors. Another rebranding was had by Birmingham Bulls, who became Birmingham Bulldogs to avoid a legal challenge by the Birmingham Bulls American football team.
This season also saw a test of summer rugby league in the North East of England, with a Northern Rugby League Summer Conference with teams from various BARLA leagues won by Teesside Steelers, also featuring Gateshead Panthers, Bridlington Bulls, West Craven Warriors and Wetherby Bulldogs.
Team line-ups as follows (new clubs in italics):
The league was won by Crawley Jets who defeated Rotherham Giants in the final.
2001.
The Conference expanded into Wales for the first time in 2001 when Cardiff Demons, who had formerly ran a young team in the Academy competition, joined the league. Along with the new North East Division this left the Rugby League Conference with 30 teams in the 2001 season.
Initial line-ups as follows (new clubs in italics):
However, Gateshead Panthers merged into Newcastle Knights before the season started leaving a gap in the North East Division which was filled by Durham Phoenix, who after this one season returned to their former name of Durham Tigers.
Teesside beat Coventry Bears by a narrow margin in the grand final at Webb Ellis Road, Rugby.
2002.
The competition for the first time remained at the same number of teams in the 2002 season, the only change being the addition of Luton Vipers from the London League to replace South Norfolk Saints who took a year out into that same competition. Plans to expand to Scotland with a Glasgow team in 2002 on the Cardiff model failed to materialise, and the Conference had to wait until 2007 to have Scottish full members for the first time. Another plan to expand to 32 teams with the addition of teams based in Bolton and Telford also fell through with Telford withdrawing their application.
This season saw a controversial format change, with two sets of three second round groups, both for the top three teams in each group but also for the bottom teams. These provided four extra fixtures, giving 14 guaranteed games, but the extra fixtures were poorly scheduled, seeing Manchester Knights eliminated despite winning all four extra games. This format was ditched after this season, though the idea of tiered competition was to return with the advent of premier divisions.
Team line-ups as follows (new club in italics):
In 2002 London Skolars were accepted into National League Two, from the following season the first club in over fifty years to make the transition from the amateur ranks to the professional leagues (the previous club to do so being Cardiff who unsuccessfully had stepped up from the Welsh League in 1951) and the first to step up successfully from a non-league competition since Castleford's elevation from the Yorkshire Senior League in 1926 (from which league Featherstone Rovers had also successfully stepped up a few years previously), though this league was theoretically semi-professional.
In September, last year's losing finalist Coventry Bears beat Hemel Stags in the grand final held at Cheltenham.
2003.
Hemel Stags, St Albans Centurions, Coventry Bears, Manchester Knights, South London Storm (their position initially given to Crawley Jets, who later turned it down) and Teesside Steelers joined the newly formed National League Three in 2003, where they were joined by BARLA clubs Warrington Woolston Rovers, Bradford Dudley Hill, Sheffield Hillsborough Hawks and Huddersfield Underbank Rangers. The inaugural winners were Warrington Woolston Rovers who defeated surprise finalists Teesside Steelers in the final.
The conference made the leap from 30 to 52 teams with the main growth areas being Wales and the North West of England, both of which gained their own division for the first time, but also in the South East with the addition of no fewer than 5 teams from the London League (North London Skolars 'A', South London Storm 'A', Greenwich Admirals, St Ives Roosters and the returning South Norfolk Saints). Also for the first time two teams further southwest than Gloucester participated: the Bristol Sonics and Somerset Vikings.
This rapid expansion was in part possible due to the lowering of the strict minimum criteria which were considered less necessary due to National League Three allowing a higher standard of play for the teams more suited to it. However, despite this, the only team to fail to complete the season was founder member Bedford Swifts. More controversial at the time was the inclusion in a development competition of Leeds Akademiks, a team based on the student old boys model very successfully used by the North London Skolars, in the largely rugby league free northern part of Leeds, but still nonetheless in a city known for rugby league. This was to pave the way for a huge influx of truly heartland teams the following season, drastically changing the face of the competition.
Team line-ups as follows (new clubs in italics):
Bedford Swifts failed to complete the season.
Bridgend Blue Bulls won the 2003 title defeating Carlisle Centurions in the final.
2004.
The 2004 season saw Birmingham Bulldogs, Carlisle Centurions, Gateshead Storm (late replacements after Teesside Steelers surprisingly announced they were folding after being runners-up the previous season) and Essex Eels leave the Conference to join National League Three, which also gained the reformed Bramley Buffaloes. National league three was won by expansion club Coventry Bears, whose team featured professional rugby union players from Coventry RFC and Australian semi-pros including NRL reserve graders. They defeated Warrington Woolston Rovers 48-24 at Widnes's Halton Stadium, the first time the NL3 final had been held on the same bill as the other National League finals.
This season saw major expansion in the heartlands resulting in new Yorkshire and Cumbria divisions. The decision to include them has been much criticised, especially since many (though by no means all) are uncommitted to summer rugby league, seeing British Amateur Rugby League Association as their priority. However, only through the inclusion of heartland teams was it possible to create some of the premier divisions the following season, and a few of the heartland clubs were needed by National League Three over the years to keep it going when teams resigned from it. Furthermore allowing heartland teams in meant all National League Three teams could run a reserve team in the summer if they so chose
Unlike the previous season only one team (St Albans Centurions 'A') was admitted from the London ARL.
Initial line-ups as follows (new clubs in italics):
The start of the season was marred by the withdrawal of twice former champions Crawley Jets, whose proposed replacements Reigate Crusaders never materialised. The only team to withdraw mid-season was Carlisle Centurions 'A', the last time this number was so few.
New team Widnes Saints defeated West London Sharks in the final.
2005.
In 2005 National League Three changed from a period of expansion to one of consolidation, with both Manchester Knights (who had failed to complete their last few games the previous season) and South London Storm both deciding to enter the new Premier Divisions, though in fact Manchester Knights would only last two games before folding, with their position taken over by former BARLA club Dewsbury Celtic who saw summer as their future. In fact the National League Three season saw both Carlisle Centurions and Birmingham Bulldogs fail to complete the season (Birmingham took over their reserve teams' fixtures) showing that the expansionist bubble had seemingly burst with Bradford Dudley Hill defeating Bramley Buffaloes in an all-heartland final and both Coventry Bears and Essex Eels resigning at the end of the season.
The RLC Premier divisions were set up in 2005 to include the stronger teams in those areas who were able to travel further to play away games. The North and Central divisions were largely dominated by heartland teams that had been part of the influx the previous two seasons, the former of which incorporated all remaining Cumbrian division teams, while the Welsh Premier Division was the same teams as the regional division en masse promoted in status for pragmatic reasons. The South Premier offered the best hope for expanding rugby league into new areas.
New teams Redditch Ravens and Scarborough Pirates were formed from the ashes of the Worcestershire Saints and Yorkshire Coast Tigers clubs respectively. Leeds Akademiks had to change their moniker to the Akkies due to a legal challenge from an American clothing brand named Akademik. The ever fruitful London League provided three more teams this year: Bedford Tigers (formed the previous year from the ashes of Bedford Swifts), Haringey Hornets (effectively London Skolars' third team) and Luton Vipers 'A'.
Initial line-ups as follows (new clubs in italics):
It was felt that this season saw too many unstable teams admitted to make up the gaps left by teams joining the Premier Division. This was supported by the unprecedented number of midseason withdrawals, though a couple of these were more due to the increasing standards created by the influx of heartland teams. Aside from the aforementioned NL3 withdrawals and Manchester's replacement by Dewsbury Celtic in the Premier Division there were many Regional Division withdrawals. This started with the pre-season withdrawal of Lancaster (replaced by Rochdale Spotland Rangers), Chester Wolves (replaced by Wigan & Leigh Cavaliers), Rugby Raiders and Thames Valley. This continued with mid-season withdrawals of Oxford Cavaliers (who were to return), Luton Vipers 'A', Middlesex Lions, Gosport & Fareham Vikings and most surprisingly Rotherham Giants.
The Premier divisions saw Bridgend Blue Bulls defeat Leeds Akkies in the final, while Wetherby Bulldogs defeated Gloucestershire Warriors in the regional final.
2006.
The 2006 season saw Coventry Bears and Essex Eels return to the RLC structure in the Midlands and Premier South Divisions respectively. Their NL3 places were taken by the promoted Dewsbury Celtic and Featherstone Lions, who had recently resigned from the BARLA National Conference League. Though Sheffield Hillsborough Hawks soon resigned from NL3 leaving their reserves as their first team.
The Premier divisions saw a change in boundaries leaving the North Premier division covering a larger area to give the English Midlands clubs their own premier division without having to face heartland teams, though this left the West Midlands division with too few teams to run, forcing it into a merger with the South West division. The Welsh premier division was split into two divisions, though this decision was reversed for the following season.
The London League provided three more clubs in Broadstairs Bulldogs, Kent Ravens and Colchester Romans. Two further relocations were Bolton Le Moors moving to Darwen to become East Lancashire Lions and Hull Phoenix moving to Cottingham. Furthermore London Skolars 'A' had a one season rebrand as Haringey Hornets, leaving the regional team of that name to become their reserves. The new Chester Wolves team were unconnected to the former team and in fact a summer team for Widnes based BARLA club West Bank Bears.
Initial line-ups as follows (new clubs in italics):
As with the previous season there were many drop-outs with Winlaton Vulcans (replaced by Gateshead Storm 'A'), Pembrokeshire Panthers and Northampton failing to make the starting gate and West Cumbria Crusaders, Huddersfield Sharks, Luton Vipers, Essex Eels, Catterick Panthers and Mansfield Storm subsequently resigned. Also while they withdrew before the fixtures were finalised South Wakefield Sharks were expected to play in the North Midlands & South Yorkshire division. Furthermore Haringey Hornets 'A' were allowed to remain in the competition despite scratching 7 out of their 10 fixtures. However, unlike the previous season the withdrawals were less to do with unsuitable teams being let into the regionals and more to do with regional division standard teams being forced into the premier divisions to make up the numbers there.
The 2006 Premier division saw South London defeat East Lancashire in the final, while Liverpool beat Thorne Moor in the regionals final.
In 2006 a new league was founded as a feeder league to the RLC in the Midlands and South Yorkshire. The Midlands RL Merit League (now known as RL Merit League) was based on the principles of the successful London League and consisted of new clubs who are not ready for the full commitment of the Conference season together with RLC clubs' 'A' teams.
The Rugby League Conference provided administrative and promotional support to the Scottish Conference as a pilot scheme with a view to integrating the Scottish league as a full part of the Conference for the 2007 season. The six teams being Glasgow Bulls, Easterhouse Panthers, Paisley Hurricanes, Edinburgh Eagles, Fife Lions and Moray Eels.
Gloucestershire Warriors became the first Conference side to beat a 'traditional' amateur side when they beat Pennine League team Illingworth 25-24 away from home in the 2006 Challenge Cup. South London Storm were crowned RLC National Champions after beating East Lancashire Lions 30-0 in the final at Broadstreet RUFC.
2007.
The 2007 season also saw a new sponsor for the league with Totalrlc being replaced by United Co-operatives in a six figure deal. [http://www.rugbyleagueconference.co.uk/news/story.php?news_id=175] Following United's merger with the larger The Co-operative Group, the league was named the Co-operative Rugby League Conference for sponsorship purposes.
In 2007, Bradford Dudley Hill withdrew from National League Three to return to the National Conference League and St Albans Centurions decided to join the RLC Premier South. Hemel Stags were left as the only southern team and National League Three was absorbed into the Rugby League Conference as the Rugby League Conference National Division with the addition of three teams from the Premier North Division: Leeds Akkies, Cottingham Phoenix and East Lancashire Lions. Cottingham Phoenix were subsequently expelled about half-way through the season for forfeiting three fixtures. The inaugural RLC National Division was won by Featherstone Lions who defeated Bramley Buffaloes in the final.
The promotion of three teams to the RLC National left the already depleted Premier North unviable and an artificial North Premier was created out of the North East and North regional divisions so that a league of this name could still exist.
The Midlands Premier Division gained Gloucestershire and Somerset in place of struggling Wolverhampton, who returned to the regionals. This season was a new South West division created for teams from the deep South West. While this was rather artificially created it was necessary due to the unique circumstances of the region to reduce travelling costs for what are ultimately amateur clubs. There was also already local interest for more teams, but intervention was needed to make sure this was a full division.
For the first time in several years no London League teams were promoted, but Farnborough Falcons and London Griffins had intended to enter before receiving call-ups (to form the short lived South Division intended to replace the failed South East division) and still played a small number of fixtures in it. The Midlands Merit League produced new club South Humber Rabbitohs and also helped provide Scunthorpe Barbarians partly based on former MML club Scunthorpe Braves. Aberavon Fighting Irish rebranded as Neath Port Talbot Steelers and South Norfolk Saints as Thetford Titans. Worksop Sharks relocated to Rossington, Doncaster controversially as Doncaster already had a team - Thorne Moor Marauders and this broke the one club, one town policy theoretically in place. Thorne Moor Marauders merged with BARLA club Moorends to become the Moorends & Thorne Marauders.
The Scottish affiliated division of 2006 became a full member division with all six teams admitted, though Glasgow never completed the season.
Initial line-ups as follows (new clubs in italics):
Broadstairs Bulldogs failed to start the season and were replaced by London Griffins. Cottingham Phoenix, Gateshead Storm 'A', Ormskirk Heelers, North Wales Coasters and Glasgow Bulls all failed to complete the season, which while less than in the previous two seasons was still far from ideal, especially in the North West and Cheshire divisions which were both left with just four teams.
The Premier division was won by St Albans Centurions who defeated Coventry Bears in the final. The Regional division was won by Widnes Saints who defeated Bedford Tigers in the final.
2008.
The RLC National in 2008 saw Leeds Akkies drop to the Premier North but the addition of a Colts team to professional club Crusaders and the double promotion of Liverpool Buccaneers to the National Division. Also notably for the first time no RLC National clubs ran a reserve team in the RLC, in fact Hemel were the only club to run one at all, in the London League.
There were multiple rebrandings: Crewe Wolves became Lymm Wolves, Winnington Park became Northwich Stags, the returning North Wales Coasters became Rhyl Coasters, Kingston Warriors became Elmbridge and Gosport & Fareham Vikings became Portsmouth Navy Seahawks.
The Midlands Merit League, renamed RL Merit League this season, produced East Riding and Sheffield Forgers for the Conference but South Humber Rabbitohs stepped back down. The London League provided Northampton Casuals and Hainault Bulldogs but regained London Griffins and Farnborough Falcons with the scrapping of the unviable South Division. 2008 also the saw the creation of the 
Women's Rugby League Conference.
Initial line-ups as follows (new clubs in italics):
Glasgow Bulls, Manchester Jets and Macclesfield Titans all failed to start the season, with Kent Ravens having their fixtures stopped after one game, joined the London League. Established club Durham Tigers failed to complete the season in the North East division. Also while they withdrew before the fixtures were finalised Copeland Athletic were expected to play in the North West division.
2009.
The North Premier Division was scrapped replaced by two new Premiers; the North West Premier and the Yorkshire Premier though the bulk of its membership joined the newly reformed North East Division. The heartland winter league the National Conference League launched a series of Summer Divisions in 2009 similar to the Conference.
The National Division lost Celtic Crusaders Colts to the Super League Reserve Grade but regained Carlisle Centurions from the North Premier Division and gained Nottingham Outlaws from the Midlands Premier Division
West Wales Sharks relocated and became Dinefwr Sharks. Thetford Titans moved to Bury St Edmunds and became Bury Titans. The North East saw established club Durham Tigers fail to return, but saw the return of rugby league to Winlaton in the name of Winlanton Warriors (Winlaton had previously not only had its own team in 2005 but had also hosted Gateshead Storm and Whitley Bay Barbarians). Victoria Knights were formed from the ashes of Paisley Hurricanes though could barely raise a team.
Nottingham Outlaws A, Moorends-Thorne Marauders A and Wigan Riversiders joined the Rugby League Conference from the RL Merit League. The Midlands Rugby League was formed out of the RL Merit League giving the Conference a new feeder competition with the RL Merit League being split into North West and Yorkshire divisions. Norwich City Saxons, Hainault Bulldogs 'A', Kent Ravens, Farnborough Falcons and Southampton Spitfires all moved up from the London ARL, this influx of new teams allowing the re-separation of the two Regional divisions in the South East (East and London & South).
Initial line-ups as follows (new clubs in italics):
Bridlington Bulls failed to start the season in the Yorkshire Premier division. Guildford Giants replaced Farnborough Falcons in the London & South division. Kent Ravens failed to complete the season in the London & South division. Moorends & Thorne Marauders 'A' failed to start the season in the North Midlands Division and were replaced by Parkside Hawks. Redditch Ravens failed to complete the season in the Midlands Premier Division and entered the Midlands Merit League. Telford Raiders also failed to complete the season in the Midlands Premier Division. However, their results stood. Cambridge Eagles and Hainault Bulldogs 'A' failed to complete the season in the Eastern Division. Plymouth Titans failed to complete the season in the South West division, but the results stood. Hartlepool failed to complete the season in the North East but the results stood.
2010.
2010 saw an expansion in the numbers of divisions with the Midlands, Wales and North West all forming new regional divisions. The North Midlands division formed the basis for the new Yorkshire regional division.
These new divisions saw many teams step up from the merit leagues: Coventry Bears A, Birmingham Bulldogs A, North East Worcestershire Ravens (formerly Redditch Ravens) and Leamington Royals either joined or rejoined from the Midlands Rugby League; Chester Gladiators, Crewe & Nantwich Steamers, Wigan Riversiders Eels, Mancunians RL, Victoria Rangers and Barnsley Broncos (formerly called Barnsley) stepped up from the RL Merit League and Hammersmith Hills Hoists, St Albans Centurions A, South London Storm A and Sussex Merlins moved up from the London League. The National Conference League failed to repeat its summer experiment leading three clubs: East Leeds, Milford Marlins and Shaw Cross Sharks to join the Rugby League Conference.
2010 also saw an expansion of the Merit Leagues as the rump RL Merit League split into the Yorkshire & Humber Merit League and the North West Merit League. A plan to form a North Wales League failed, but a five team 9s tournament was played.
Gateshead Storm and Newcastle Knights merged to form Newcastle Storm, Ipswich Rhinos and Colchester Romans merged to form Eastern Rhinos. Leicester Phoenix became Leicester Storm. Northampton Casuals became Northampton Demons.
This season had a much higher rate of teams dropping out or forfeiting games than usual with for example the North West Premier division losing three out of five initial teams and the Welsh Regional Division having four out of the original seven teams fail to play a game.
The inaugural Rugby League Conference Regional Championships took place at Derby's Haslams Lane ground, with six representative teams representing different English regions. The event was won by the Midlands.
Initial line-ups as follows (new clubs in italics):
Carlisle Centurions withdrew from the National Division mid-season and their results were expunged, Liverpool Buccaneers withdrew from the National Division and their results stood.
Jordanhill Phoenix and Kirkcaldy failed to start the season in the Scottish division, Forth & Clyde Nomads were brought in as replacements.
Runcorn and Widnes Saints withdrew from the North West Premier Division pre-season to be replaced by Widnes West Bank and Wirral Warriors. New Broughton Rangers folded midseason in the North West Premier Division.
Haworth Park failed to complete the season in the Yorkshire Premier Division but their results stood. 
Bradford Salem withdrew from the Yorkshire Regional Division to be replaced by Shaw Cross Sharks. Wetherby Bulldogs and Scunthorpe Barbarians failed to complete the season in the Yorkshire Regional division but their results stood.
Derby City withdrew mid-season from the Midlands Premier but their results stood. North East Worcestershire Ravens failed to complete the season in the Midlands Regional division but the results stood.
Blackwood Bulldogs failed to complete the season in the Welsh Premier division. Amman Valley Rhinos, Dinefwr Sharks, Wildboars (St Clears) and Swansea-Llanelli Dragons were all excluded from the Welsh Regional division after not fulfilling any fixtures and replaced by Dyffryn Devils.
St Albans Centurions A withdrew from the East Regional division but their fixtures stood.
2011.
2011 saw the National Division regain Coventry Bears from the Midlands Premier Division and Valley Cougars step up from the Welsh Premier Division. Gateshead Lightning were admitted as well as a reserve team for Gateshead Thunder but failed to start the season.
2011 also saw more new divisions with Scotland and North East gaining a Premier Division and a new Regional Division being formed in the West of England with clubs from various divisions to reduce the travel burden. The Midlands Premier and Regional Divisions merged with a split season format. Yorkshire replaced its Premier and Regional Divisions with two geographically split divisions (west and east) that would have premier and regional division playoffs.
The only clubs moving up from feeder leagues were Northampton Demons A and Bristol Sonics A from the Midlands Rugby League and East Lancashire Vikings from the North West Merit League. A new feeder league was created the Eastern Merit League which split off from the London League. The Yorkshire & Humber Merit League split into a North division and a Midlands division.
The plans for 2012 saw a several winter sides switching to summer with Cadishead Rhinos, Chorley Panthers and Rochdale Cobras joining the North West Regional division; Walton Warriors, Knottingley Rockware Stolze and Cutsyke Raiders in the Yorkshire East division and Doncaster Toll Bar, Guiseley Rangers and Lindley Swifts in the Yorkshire West (which also gained new side Prospect Pirates). There were also numerous BARLA clubs entering teams in the North West Merit League.
Northallerton Stallions moved to Catterick and became North Yorkshire Stallions. Newcastle Storm became Gateshead Storm. Newport Titans became Titans with a relocation to Machen.
Initial line-ups as follows (new clubs in italics):
Gateshead Lightning failed to start the season in the National Division. Guiseley Rangers and East Leeds failed to start the season in the Yorkshire Premier (West). Doncaster Toll Bar failed to complete the season in the Yorkshire Premier Division (West) and their results stood. Moray Eels failed to start the season in the Scottish Premier division Falkirk failed to start the season in the Scottish 1st Division. Ayr Knights failed to complete the season in the Scottish 1st Division and their results stood. South Somerset Warriors failed to complete the season in the South West Division. CPC Bears failed to complete the season in the Welsh Premier and their results stood. Blackwood Bulldogs failed to start the season in the South Wales Championship. Hainault Bulldogs failed to complete the season in the Premier South division and had London Skolars A take over their fixtures midseason. Birmingham Bulldogs A failed to complete the season in the Midlands Division (East). Mancunians, Widnes West Bank and East Lancashire Vikings failed to complete the season in the North West Premier division and their results stood. Crewe & Nantwich Steamers failed to complete the season in the North West Regional division and their results stood. Norwich City Knights and Northampton Demons A failed to complete the season in the East division and their results stood
2012 and the future.
The RFL have released plans for a new structure in the summer game. Initial plans were for the Rugby League Conference to be scrapped and replaced with a Northern and Southern Conference at tier 3 to replace the National division (and the National Conference League that switched from winter). These plans were later amended to have three National Conference League divisions staying as they were underpinned by a separate division 3 based on the Rugby League Conference National division, at least for 2012.
Tier 4 will consist of a series of regional leagues where Rugby League Conference clubs will be joined by some BARLA clubs switching to summer. It is not yet clarified where the Scottish and Welsh leagues will fit into the new pyramid structure. These regional leagues will include the Yorkshire Men's League, North West Men's League and Midlands Rugby League and cover the length and breadth of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18334423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334423" title="Erna Wallisch">
Erna Wallisch

Erna Wallisch (10 February 1922 – 16 February 2008) allegedly was one of approximately 3700 female guards in two Nazi concentration camps, but despite several trials was never convicted. In 2007, she was seventh on the Simon Wiesenthal Center's list of most wanted war criminals that had never been convicted.
Early life.
Wallisch was born Erna Pfannstiel, and raised in Eastern Germany by her postal clerk father. At the age of 19, she joined the NSDAP and underwent training to become an Aufseherin, or female concentration camp guard.
World War II.
Wallisch first served as a guard at Ravensbrück concentration camp for a year before she was transferred to the Majdanek concentration camp in Lublin Poland. While in service at Majdanek, she met a Nazi guard named Georg Wallisch, and married him in 1944. It is alleged that she was a brutal guard, beating women and children on their way to the gas chambers and personally participated in the selections of inmates to be executed. Survivors described a pregnant Wallisch beating a young boy to death saying, "The sweating, breathless face of that monster was something I will never forget."
Legal.
There were three attempts to prosecute Wallisch:
1965: In Graz, charges were dismissed. 
1970s: In Vienna, but the prosecutor was unwilling to pursue (nolle prosequi), as the Austrian statutes of limitation had expired.
2005: Historian Efraim Zuroff urged the Austrian Department of Justice to prosecute anew, but its speaker, Christoph Pöchinger declared that there was lack of credible evidence. This unwillingness to prosecute led the Wiesenthal center to put her on the list of most wanted war criminals.
Post World War II.
In 2007, author and journalist Guy Walters tracked Wallisch down to a small flat in Vienna, Austria, as part of his research for an upcoming work titled "Hunting Evil", about the pursuit of escaped Nazi war criminals. Though Wallisch would not talk to him and the Austrian government claimed that the statute of limitations had expired on her war crimes, Poland explored seeking an indictment against her. Though they had investigated Wallisch for her crimes in the 1970s, the renewed interest as well as evidence from Polish survivors, lead Austrian officials to commission a report on the crimes which had taken place six decades earlier. Before the report could be completed, the 86 year old Wallisch died in a hospital bed.

</doc>
<doc id="18334428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334428" title="Varsity Publications Ltd">
Varsity Publications Ltd

Varsity Publications Ltd was incorporated in 1956. It is a not-for-profit company which directly funds "The Varsity Trust", a UK registered charity with the principal object of furthering the education of students in journalism.
Publications.
In addition to "Varsity", the company also produces a number of other student publications such as "BlueSci" - a student science magazine - and the "The Mays" - a collection of short stories and poems by Cambridge and Oxford students. The "Mays" have been published annually since 1992 and are most famous for launching the career of novelist Zadie Smith. She was first noticed by literary agencies after her short story "Private Tutor" appeared in the 1997 collection.

</doc>
<doc id="18334437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334437" title="Mickey Waldman">
Mickey Waldman

Mickey Waldman (August 12, 1942 – May 20, 2008) was a prominent radio personality/host and producer at influential WBAI in New York.
Early life and education.
Born Marian Zucker on August 12, 1942, in New York City, she took the first name Mickey in college at the University of Chicago, earning a Bachelor's degree in 1965. She married and divorced, keeping the last name Waldman. She earned her Juris Doctor from Hofstra University in 1981.
Career.
Mickey Waldman started working at WBAI, the Pacifica Foundation's New York station, as an assistant and technician, along with Nancy Allen, for Bob Fass on his late night radio show, "Radio Unnameable". She began as a volunteer, but in time became one of the station’s relatively few paid employees.
Waldman went on to produce freeform radio shows titled "Swan Song" and "The Next Swan" for WBAI-FM in New York City for approximately 4 years. The latter title was derived from the legendary story of the tenor who missed the mechanical swan he was to board and upon which he was to be taken off stage who then, stuck awkwardly on stage, launched into an improvised song including the lyric "What time is the next swan?" as he made his way offstage. She presented discussion and interviews with literati of the moment.
Waldman was expert in the intricacies of the Carlin Case and provided coverage of the particulars and of the free speech issues the case presented.
Personal.
Station Manager and on-air personality Larry Josephson commented on her intelligence and literacy, referring to her as someone who "eats dictionaries." She could often be seen behind the master control console at WBAI with her signature pack of cigarettes and cup of black coffee. She was never far from either. She was never able to break her 3-pack a day habit.
Death.
Mickey Waldman died of cancer on May 20, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18334444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334444" title="Box Springs, California">
Box Springs, California

Box Springs is an unincorporated community in Riverside County, California. Box Springs is located east-southeast of downtown Riverside on Interstate 215/State Route 60 (Moreno Valley Freeway).

</doc>
<doc id="18334447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334447" title="Stadion Tsentralnyi (Vinnytsya)">
Stadion Tsentralnyi (Vinnytsya)

Central City Stadium () is a multi-use stadium in Vinnytsia, Ukraine. It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home of FC Nyva Vinnytsia. The stadium holds 14,000 people. 

</doc>
<doc id="18334462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334462" title="Army Sports Club Stadium (Lviv)">
Army Sports Club Stadium (Lviv)

SKA Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Lviv, Ukraine. It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home of FC Karpaty-2 Lviv and FC Lviv. The stadium holds 23,040 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="18334468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334468" title="Widdoes">
Widdoes

Widdoes is an American surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18334469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334469" title="École nationale de médecine et pharmacie (Senegal)">
École nationale de médecine et pharmacie (Senegal)

École nationale de médecine et pharmacie is a degree-granting university in Dakar, Senegal specializing in medicine and pharmacy studies.
History.
French West Africa School of Medicine.
The French West Africa School of Medicine "(École de médecine de l'Afrique Occidentale Française)" was established on 1 November 1918, pursuant to a government decree of 14 January 1918, to train medical workers and midwives to assist colonial physicians and pharmacists. It was inaugurated and headed by Aristide Le Dantec, director of a hospital founded in 1913 to treat the indigenous population of French West Africa. Almost all teachers belonged to the "Corps de santé colonial". Students were selected through competition at École normale supérieure William Ponty, where they studied a year of basic sciences before joining the medical school. There was a four-year program in medicine and three-year programs in pharmacy, midwifery and veterinary studies. The veterinary students completed their programs in Bamako in Mali.
In 1906 Ernest Roume, the governor general of French West Africa, established the "Aides médecins indigènes", a corps of indigenous medical aides who had completed a French Certificate of Primary Education and 30 months of medical studies. In 1916 Jules Carde had founded an African school of medicine and pharmacy, which became the French West Africa School of Medicine in 1918.
From 1944 the school also trained students from French Equatorial Africa in Congo "(École Edouard Renard de Brazzaville)", Cameroon "(École de santé d'Ayos)" and Togo. By the end of 1953, the school had graduated 582 doctors, 87 pharmacists and 447 midwives. Félix Houphouët-Boigny, former president of Côte d'Ivoire, was a graduate of the school.
School of Medicine and Pharmacy Dakar.
Beginning in 1950 the school became an integral part of the French national education system and was from 1953 known as "École préparatoire de médecine et pharmacie de Dakar". Students would study for three years of medical education in Dakar and complete their medical degrees in France, primarily in Bordeaux.
National School of Medicine and Pharmacy.
In 1958, it became "l'École nationale de médecine et pharmacie" and from 1960 began issuing its own university degrees equivalent to those issued by France.

</doc>
<doc id="18334476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334476" title="Avanhard Stadium (Rivne)">
Avanhard Stadium (Rivne)

Avanhard Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Rivne, Ukraine. It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home of FC Veres Rivne. The stadium holds 20,000 spectators. 

</doc>
<doc id="18334481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334481" title="ROHR2 (analysis software)">
ROHR2 (analysis software)

ROHR2 is a pipe stress analysis CAE system from SIGMA Ingenieurgesellschaft mbH, based in Unna, Germany. The software performs both static and dynamic analysis of complex piping and skeletal structures, and runs on Microsoft Windows platform. 
ROHR2 software comes with built in industry standard stress codes; such as ASME B31.1, B31.3, B31.4, B31.5, B31.8, EN 13480, CODETI; along with several GRP pipe codes; as well as nuclear stress codes such as ASME Cl. 1-3, KTA 3201.2, KTA 3211.2.
Name.
The brand name comes from the German word "Rohr" (pronounced as “ROAR“) which means "Pipe“.
History.
Early years as a MBP product : 1960's to 1989.
ROHR2 was created in the late 1960s by the one of the first software companies in Germany, Mathematischer Beratungs- und Programmierungsdienst (MBP), based in Dortmund. ROHR2 first ran on mainframes such as UNIVAC 1, CRAY, and later Prime computer. At the time, the program was command line driven with a proprietary programming language to describe the piping systems and define the various load conditions. The 1987 launched version 26, was released for IBM PC as well as IBM PC compatible systems.
As a EDS / SIGMA product : 1989 to 2000.
MBP was later taken over by EDS (then a part of General Motors Corp., now part of HP Enterprise Services). In 1989, SIGMA Ingenieurgesellschaft mbH was founded in Dortmund, and the ROHR2 development and support team moved to the new office premises of SIGMA. The graphical user interface was added in 1994 to the product, which allowed the editing of piping systems without the need of mastering the earlier required programming language.
Sigma Ingenieurgesellschaft mbH product : 2000 to present.
From the year 2000 onwards, the complete licensing and sales activities came under the management of SIGMA Ingenieurgesellschaft mbH; which by then evolved into an engineering company specializing in pipe engineering, as well as a software development firm.
The recent developments include new bi-directional interfaces based on open standards for transfer of data with other CAD/CAE products such as - AVEVA PDMS, CADISON, Intergraph's PDS, Intergraph's SmartPlant, HICAD, MPDS4, Bentley System's AutoPLANT, and other PCF/ISOGEN supported software. The integration of ROHR2 into the users workflow is supported by third-party interface products to ensure interoperability - a norm in the present engineering software industry.
Software environment.
The ROHR2 program system comes with the following software environments; consisting of ROHR2win - the graphical user interface, the ROHR2 - calculation core, and various additional programs (see : related products).
Calculation basics.
The static analysis includes the calculation of static loads of any value, or combination in accordance with the theories of first - and second order for linear and non-linear boundary conditions (friction, support lift). 
Additional load conditions can also be applied, such as dynamic loads or harmonic excitation. Furthermore, the dynamic analysis include the calculation of eigenvalues and mode shapes as well as their processing in various modal response methods - for the analysis of, for example, earthquakes and fluid hammer.
A non-linear time history module (ROHR2stoss) allows the analysis of dynamic events in the time domain, while taking into account non-linear components such as snubbers or visco dampers based on the Maxwell model.
An efficient superposition module enables a manifold selection and combination of static and dynamic results.

</doc>
<doc id="18334493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334493" title="City Stadium, Ternopil">
City Stadium, Ternopil

City Stadium () is a multi-use stadium in Ternopil, Ukraine. It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home of FC Nyva Ternopil. 
Capacity and conditions.
The stadium holds 15,150 spectators after the reconstruction in 2011.
Location and administration.
The stadium is located on the Bandera memorial street in the "Old Park" in the city of Ternopil. There are plenty of access to the stadium with the public transportation. The entrance fee varies between 15-25 hryven, depending on the luxury conditions. The director of the stadium is Yaroslav Kyrylovych Kolisnyk. 

</doc>
<doc id="18334499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334499" title="Bukovyna Stadium">
Bukovyna Stadium

Bukovyna Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Chernivtsi, Ukraine. It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home of FC Bukovyna Chernivtsi. The stadium holds 12,000 spectators. 

</doc>
<doc id="18334503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334503" title="Widdows">
Widdows

Widdows is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18334509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334509" title="Francis S. Walker">
Francis S. Walker

Francis Sylvester Walker (1848–1916) was an Irish painter, illustrator and etcher.
Walker was the son of Thomas Walker, Master of the Workhouse at Dunshaughlin and Ann Delany of Clavistown Mills, Killmessan, County Meath. He studied Art at both the Royal Dublin Society (RDS) and the Royal Hibernian Academy (RHA), Dublin. He exhibited at the RHA in 1863, at Burlington House, London in 1905, and in various cities in Britain (Birmingham, Liverpool, Glasgow etc.). He also became a member of the Royal Society of Painter-Etchers and Engravers (RE).
Walker painted landscapes, portraits and genre works and provided illustrations for various travel books. His works are currently exhibited in places such as the National Gallery of Ireland in Dublin, the British Museum and Victoria and Albert Museum in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18334518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334518" title="Buju Banton discography">
Buju Banton discography

Jamaican recording artist Buju Banton has released eleven studio albums (twelve including "Quick"), eight compilations and three singles in his career.
Singles.
"Note: Only singles that have charted are listed"
Notice.
All chart history for Buju Banton is taken from Billboard charts at the official website.

</doc>
<doc id="18334526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334526" title="CSK ZSU Stadium">
CSK ZSU Stadium

CSK ZSU Stadium () is a multi-use stadium in Kiev, Ukraine. 
It is often used for football matches and was the home of FC CSKA Kyiv. The stadium holds 12,000 spectators and opened in 1967. It is located next to headquarters of the Ministry of Defense. The stadium is part of a bigger complex that also includes a swimming pool, light athletic hall, and an area for summer cinema theater (outdoor cinema, currently inoperational). The stadium is also closely located to the city's main train station "Kiev-Passengers".
In the close vicinity there is the Lokomotyv sports complex.

</doc>
<doc id="18334527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334527" title="Station Forum (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Forum (Tram de Bordeaux)

The Forum station is situated on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location.
The station is located between courtyard Gambetta and the courtyard of the Libération at Talence.

</doc>
<doc id="18334537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334537" title="Thomas Bryson">
Thomas Bryson

Thomas Bryson (1826 – January 4, 1882) was a Quebec merchant and political figure. He represented Pontiac in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec from 1881 to 1882 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Perth, Ontario, the son of James Bryson and Jane Cochrane. He married Jane Fumerton around 1850. Bryson was mayor of Mansfield and Pontefract from 1878 to 1881. He operated a store at Fort Coulonge. He died in office in 1882 without ever taking his seat in the provincial legislature.
Bryson's brother George was also elected to the legislative assembly and was a member of the legislative council. His daughter Mary married his nephew John Bryson.

</doc>
<doc id="18334538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334538" title="Polytechnic Stadium">
Polytechnic Stadium

Polytechnic Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium, part of the Polytechnic Sport Complex owned by Kremenchuk State University in Kremenchuk, Ukraine. Currently and historically it is the primary arena for Kremin Kremenchuk. The club intends to build its own arena, FC Kremin Stadium.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home of FC Kremin Kremenchuk. The stadium holds 12-13,000 spectators. Until 1999 it was called Dnipro Stadium as the former name of Kremin.
Other important stadiums in Kremenchuk are Vahonobudivnyk Stadium and Kredmash Stadium (former Shlyakhmash Stadium), both belonging to the same name local factories. There was also one more Naftokhimik Stadium which was one of the arenas for the 1994-95 Ukrainian Cup competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18334553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334553" title="Inequalities in information theory">
Inequalities in information theory

Inequalities are very important in the study of information theory. There are a number of different contexts in which these inequalities appear.
Shannon-type inequalities.
Consider a finite collection of finitely (or at most countably) supported random variables on the same probability space. For a collection of "n" random variables, there are 2"n" − 1 such non-empty subsets for which entropies can be defined. For example, when "n" = 2, we may consider the entropies formula_1 formula_2 and formula_3 and express the following inequalities (which together characterize the range of the marginal and joint entropies of two random variables):
In fact, these can all be expressed as special cases of a single inequality involving the conditional mutual information, namely
where formula_10, formula_11, and formula_12 each denote the joint distribution of some arbitrary (possibly empty) subset of our collection of random variables. Inequalities that can be derived from this are known as Shannon-type inequalities. More formally (following the notation of Yeung ), define formula_13 to be the set of all "constructible" points in formula_14 where a point is said to be constructible if and only if there is a joint, discrete distribution of "n" random variables such that each coordinate of that point, indexed by a non-empty subset of {1, 2, ..., "n"}, is equal to the joint entropy of the corresponding subset of the "n" random variables. The closure of formula_13 is denoted formula_16 In general
The cone in formula_18 characterized by all Shannon-type inequalities among "n" random variables is denoted formula_19 Software has been developed to automate the task of proving such inequalities 
Given an inequality, such software is able to determine whether the given inequality contains the cone formula_20 in which case the inequality can be verified, since formula_21
Non-Shannon-type inequalities.
Other, less trivial inequalities have been discovered among the entropies and joint entropies of four or more random variables, which cannot be derived from Shannon's basic inequalities. These are known as non-Shannon-type inequalities. In 1997 and 1998, Zhang and Yeung reported two non-Shannon-type inequalities. The latter implies that 
where the inclusions are proper for formula_23 The two sets above are, in fact, convex cones.
Further non-Shannon-type inequalities were reported in. Dougherty et al. found a number of non-Shannon-type inequalities by computer search. Matus proved the existence of infinitely many linear non-Shannon-type inequalities.
Lower bounds for the Kullback–Leibler divergence.
A great many important inequalities in information theory are actually lower bounds for the Kullback–Leibler divergence. Even the Shannon-type inequalities can be considered part of this category, since the bivariate mutual information can be expressed as the Kullback–Leibler divergence of the joint distribution with respect to the product of the marginals, and thus these inequalities can be seen as a special case of Gibbs' inequality.
On the other hand, it seems to be much more difficult to derive useful upper bounds for the Kullback–Leibler divergence. This is because the Kullback–Leibler divergence "D""KL"("P"||"Q") depends very sensitively on events that are very rare in the reference distribution "Q". "D""KL"("P"||"Q") increases without bound as an event of finite non-zero probability in the distribution "P" becomes exceedingly rare in the reference distribution "Q", and in fact "D""KL"("P"||"Q") is not even defined if an event of non-zero probability in "P" has zero probability in "Q". (Hence the requirement that "P" be absolutely continuous with respect to "Q".)
Gibbs' inequality.
This fundamental inequality states that the Kullback–Leibler divergence is non-negative.
Kullback's inequality.
Another inequality concerning the Kullback–Leibler divergence is known as Kullback's inequality. If "P" and "Q" are probability distributions on the real line with "P" absolutely continuous with respect to "Q," and whose first moments exist, then
where formula_25 is the large deviations rate function, i.e. the convex conjugate of the cumulant-generating function, of "Q", and formula_26 is the first moment of "P".
The Cramér–Rao bound is a corollary of this result.
Pinsker's inequality.
Pinsker's inequality relates Kullback–Leibler divergence and total variation distance. It states that if "P", "Q" are two probability distributions, then
where
is the Kullback–Leibler divergence in nats and
is the total variation distance.
Other inequalities.
Hirschman uncertainty.
In 1957, Hirschman showed that for a (reasonably well-behaved) function formula_30 such that formula_31 and its Fourier transform formula_32 the sum of the differential entropies of formula_33 and formula_34 is non-negative, i.e.
Hirschman conjectured, and it was later proved, that a sharper bound of formula_36 which is attained in the case of a Gaussian distribution, could replace the right-hand side of this inequality. This is especially significant since it implies, and is stronger than, Weyl's formulation of Heisenberg's uncertainty principle.
Tao's inequality.
Given discrete random variables formula_37, formula_38, and formula_39, such that formula_37 takes values only in the interval [−1, 1] and formula_39 is determined by formula_38 (so that formula_43), we have
relating the conditional expectation to the conditional mutual information. This is a simple consequence of Pinsker's inequality. (Note: the correction factor log 2 inside the radical arises because we are measuring the conditional mutual information in bits rather than nats.)

</doc>
<doc id="18334555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334555" title="Zameen Jatt Dee Jaan">
Zameen Jatt Dee Jaan

This a Punjabi movie released in April 2008, produced by Sohan Lal and directed by P Paul Verma from Jalandhar.
Upasna Singh and Paramveer are in female and male main lead respectively. Sohan Lal is the main villain other cast includes Jitender Jeetu. Film shooting was done at different locations in Punjab, Himachal and Mumbai.

</doc>
<doc id="18334557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334557" title="Jade McNelis">
Jade McNelis

Jade McNelis (born 1986) is an indie singer-songwriter in Montreal. Her music incorporates vocals and piano arrangements with electronics. She was born in Taiwan and adopted by an American couple who provided her with piano instruction starting at the age of four along with classical music training. McNelis grew up in Tallahassee, Florida. Her musical interests include Radiohead, Yo La Tengo and Sparklehorse, while her piano playing is influenced by Gershwin and Beethoven.
History.
Jade McNelis' was raised in her hometown of Tallahassee, Florida. It was here that she first opened for the band Stars in 2005. The lead singer for the band was so impressed by her performance and helped her make the move to Montreal where she would be able to thrive within the artistic community. She was signed to the record label, Good Fences. After recording her "All the Fables" EP in Montreal at the Studio Plateau in 2006, McNelis decided to move there permanently. Her debut EP was recorded with producers Chris Seligman of Stars and Drew Malamud of The Dears
In 2008, McNelis signed with Chop Shop Records, a California-based record label.

</doc>
<doc id="18334558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334558" title="Ayar">
Ayar

Ayar was an ethnic group of yadavas in India and were possibly related to the yadava people mentioned in puranic history. In the early sangam literature, the Ayars are described as having occupied the mullai or 'forest region'. The word Ayar is derived from the Dravidian word "A" meaning 'cow'. However, they are also known by other names, including Kon, konar and Idaiyar. In the Tamil land they were also referred as Pothuvar or Commons (from the Dravidian word 'Podhu') apparently because they possessed friendship with the Nagas and Tamil. The Ayar in the Pandyan dominion had a tradition that they came into the Tamil land, along with the founder of Pandyan family.
Dr. V. Manickam in his work, "Kongu Nadu" gives an expanded version of his doctoral thesis as follows, "It was noted that the pastoral people (Ayar) of the " mullai" land in Kongu formed the major component of the velir clan. However, We come across references to "Idaiyar" of Kiranur, alias Kolumam Konda Cholanallur (SII : 5:283), "Kon" from the same place (SII : 5: 265,267,269), and "Yatavar" in two epigraphs from Chevur (Eye Copy 94,98). Further, there are also references to Tiruvayappadi nattar, which indicate the supra-local activities of the herdsmen discussed in chapter 15. The presence of the herdsmen, with the titles as found in the macro region, may be explained as survivors of the pastoral people of the pre-chola period who were reluctant to integrate themselves in the new setup or new additions.
Origin.
The Ayars initially lived in pastoral tracts known as Mullai Tinai. Here cattle was the main source of wealth. P.T. Srinivas Iyengar in his book 'History of the Tamils' suggests that since cattle wealth tended to multiply fast the first evidence of fission of tribes into families happened in this region. Rajan Gurukal stretches this argument to mention that state formation took place initially in the mullai region.
Legends of the cowherd Krishna and his dances with cowherdesses are mentioned in the Sangam classics. The term Ayarpati (cowherd settlement) is found in Cilappatikaram (Iyer, 1950). It is argued that the term Ayar has been used for the Abhiras in ancient Tamil literature, and V. Kanakasabha Pillai (1904) derives Abhira from the Tamil wordAyir which also means cow. He equates the Ayars with Abhiras, and Suryavanshi (1962:17-18) treats this as evidence of migration of the Abhiras to the south in the first century A.D.
Thus, linguistic evidence is used to support the argument that the Abhiras spread to different parts of India, and that they retained different but related cultural traditions. The most common denominator, as was pointed out earlier, was a descent from the Yadu dynasty and their association with cattle.
Ay Velir.
Important line of chieftains of Tamil Nadu during the sangam period with whom Lord Krishna was intimately associated was the Ayars. Sangam literature mentions a tradition relating to migration of ayars from Dwaraka with sage Agastya. There were many velir chiefs in the Tamil country during sangam period. They had Ay prefix and prominent among them were Ay-andiran and Ay-Vel. They had their capital as Ay-Kudi and ruled the potiya region. The Ay chieftains cherished their yadava lineage and their settlements were known as Ayarpadi.

</doc>
<doc id="18334562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334562" title="FIVB Beach Volleyball World Championships">
FIVB Beach Volleyball World Championships

The FIVB Beach Volleyball World Championships is an international beach volleyball double-gender championship held every two years.
The first official edition of this event, was the 1997 Beach Volleyball World Championships in Los Angeles, California. Before that there had been ten unofficial championships (1987–1996) all held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It was hosted in 2005 in Berlin, in 2007 in Gstaad, in 2009 in Stavanger and in 2011 in Rome. The 2013 edition took place in Stare Jablonki, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18334567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334567" title="Romen Theatre">
Romen Theatre

Romen Theatre () is the oldest and the most famous of Romani theatres in the world. The theatre is a key object of Romani culture in Russia, and from the moment of its foundation in 1931, it has been a centre of attraction for Romani artists in Russia.
Forerunners of Romen Theatre.
In the 18th and 19th centuries, choruses of Ruska Roma existed in Moscow and Saint Petersburg.
At the end of the 19th century, a conductor of one of Romani choruses, Nikolai Shishkin created the first ever Romani theatre troupe. The first appearance of the troupe was in the operetta "Gypsy Songs in Faces" (), with the main troupe of Arcadia Theatre. This was in 1886. The operetta ran for several years. On 13 April 1887 the first performance of Strauss's operetta "The Gypsy Baron" with Roma (Shishkin's troupe) playing the roles of Roma took place in the Maly Theatre.
On 20 March 1888 the premiere of the very first Romani language operetta "Children of the Forests" was staged in the Maly Theatre. It was performed solely by the Romani troupe. The production ran for 18 years and was a great success.
In 1892, Shishkin produced a new operetta, "Gypsy Life".
In the 1920s, many Romani ensembles of singers, dancers and musicians performed in the USSR.
Theatre history.
On 24 January 1931 the Romani theatre studio "Indo-Romen" opened in Moscow. Within a month, the studio performed its first work.
The first director and the first music composer of "Indo-Romen" were Jewish activists, Moishe Goldblat and Semen Bugachevsky.
On 16 December 1931 the studio showed its first full musical-dramathic performance "Life on Wheels" (). It consisted of three acts and was based on a play by Romani author Alexandr Germano. After that performance, the studio was renamed the Romen Theatre. The first theatre director was Georgy Lebedev (a Rusko Rom).
Since 1940, the theatre does all its performances in Russian.
The current theatre director (2008) is Nikolai Slichenko, a Romani actor famous in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="18334578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334578" title="Invol2ver">
Invol2ver

Invol2ver is a progressive house and breaks mix compilation by Sasha. Tracks which Sasha admired by other artists have been chosen for this album and have each been remixed to give Sasha's own interpretation of them. The album was released on 8 September 2008 as the second edition of "Involver".

</doc>
<doc id="18334590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334590" title="The Talking Horse and the Sad Girl and the Village Under the Sea">
The Talking Horse and the Sad Girl and the Village Under the Sea

The Talking Horse and the Sad Girl and the Village Under the Sea is a collection of poetry by Mark Haddon published in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18334608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334608" title="Songs for Ageing Children">
Songs for Ageing Children

Songs for Ageing Children (sub-titled "Let The Feeling Talk To You") is an album by American folk and blues performer Dave Van Ronk, released in 1973.
Personnel.
Produced by Michael Brovsky for GRT Corporation. A Free Flow Production in association with Dave Van Ronk

</doc>
<doc id="18334618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334618" title="Shepherd's Mill">
Shepherd's Mill

Shepherd's Mill is a gristmill in Shepherdstown, West Virginia, located on Town Run just as it descends to the Potomac River. The mill was built some time prior to 1739 by Thomas Shepherd, Sr. as a two-story structure. The original millwheel was probably a wood overshot wheel. The present Fitz Water Wheel Company steel overshot wheel was built in 1894; with the addition of a third story in the late 19th century, the mill is more representative of that era. 

</doc>
<doc id="18334622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334622" title="A.R.L.M. Matriculation Higher Secondary School">
A.R.L.M. Matriculation Higher Secondary School

Arcot Ramasamy Lakshmanaswami Mudhaliyar Matriculation Higher Secondary School, known as ARLM Matriculation Higher Secondary School is a school in Cuddalore, Tamil Nadu, India. It was founded by, and named after, the Arcot Twins Arcot Ramasamy Mudaliar and A. Lakshmanaswami Mudaliar. Located in the heart of Cuddalore, it has a campus. The school follows Matriculation unit system for its curriculum.
History.
A private charitable educational trust, founded in 1973 by Sir A. Ramaswami Mudaliar sponsored the Arcot Ramaswami Mudaliar Educational Society(ARMES) in 1981. The ARM Trust received generous donations from the members of the family of Arcot twins, Sir A. Lakshmanaswami Mudaliar and Sir A. Ramaswami Mudaliar and formed the nucleus for starting the Arcot Ramaswami Lakshmanaswami Mudaliar (ARLM) Primary school in June 1981. A.R.Damodaran is the Correspondent.
Growth.
The primary school was upgraded into a high school in 1983 and recognition was obtained from the Department of Education, Government of Tamil Nadu. The maiden batch was sent for the Matriculation Examination in 1986. The school was upgraded into Matriculation Higher Secondary School in 1988. The first batch of Higher Secondary students appeared for the Public Examination in 1988. The school celebrated its Silver Jubilee in 2006-2007. 
Mr. Rajayogakumar is the Principal.
School Principals.
Mr.Sitaraman was the first Headmaster of the school. The timeline of the school principals is listed below (the list is incomplete): 
Sporting facilities.
The kindergarten play area has swings and slides.
Inter-house competitions in games and athletics are conducted. Students are divided under four houses, for inter-house conpetitions: 
Events.
The annual events conducted in the school include the school day function and sports meet. The Founder's day function is held in January to commemorate the school founders, Arcot Ramaswamy Mudhaliar and Arcot Lakshnaswami Mudhaliar. A bi-annual literary meet iso held.
Co-curricular.
The school encourages students to enroll in social services aiding activities and has Scouts, NSS and Exnora services.

</doc>
<doc id="18334623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334623" title="Agëkhush">
Agëkhush

Agëkhush or Agekhush may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18334630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334630" title="Science Friction">
Science Friction

Science Friction is an English record label established by English singer-songwriter Roy Harper in 1993 in order to release his back catalogue of recorded music.
Generally, all CD releases are prefixed by the coding "HUCD0..."
Release Dates.
The dates listed above are not always the albums original release date, but may be the date of re-issue on the Science Friction label. For a chronological discography see Roy Harper.

</doc>
<doc id="18334635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334635" title="Acedapsone">
Acedapsone

Acedapsone (INN) is an antimicrobial drug, which also has antimalarial activity. 
Acedapsone, or 1399 F, is a diacetyl compound, derived from dapsone. It was synthesized and developed in 1937 by Ernest Fourneau and his team in the pharmaceutical chemistry laboratory of Pasteur Institute, and it was marketed as Rodilone by the Rhône-Poulenc company.
It is a long-acting prodrug of dapsone. It is used for treating leprosy.
It crystallises as pale yellow needles from diethyl ether, and as leaflets from dilute ethanol. It is slightly soluble in water.

</doc>
<doc id="18334643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334643" title="Jimmy Walsh (Antrim hurler)">
Jimmy Walsh (Antrim hurler)

Jimmy Walsh (born 1911, date of death unknown) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club O'Connell's and with the Antrim senior inter-county team in the 1930s and 1940s. He was born in Belfast, County Antrim.
Playing career.
Club.
Walsh played his club hurling with his local O'Connell's club in Belfast and enjoyed much success. He won his first senior county title in 1930 before adding two more county medals to his collection in 1932 and 1936. Walsh added another county title to his collection in 1940. It was the first of three county wins in-a-row for the O’Connell’s club. He won a seventh county medal in 1945.
Inter-county.
Walsh first came to prominence with the Antrim inter-county team in the 1930s. Antrim, however, were the hurling standard-bearers in Ulster and faced little competition as they participated in the All-Ireland Junior Hurling Championship. The explosion of World War II meant that the GAA suspended the All-Ireland minor and junior championships. This meant that Antrim were left without any competition. 
In 1943 the team were allowed to enter the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship for the first time since 1925. Little was expected of the team that was captained by Walsh. Antrim’s first senior championship outing was an All-Ireland quarter-final with Galway at Corrigan Park in Belfast. There was mild surprise when Antrim emerged as the winners by 7-0 to 6-2. The subsequent All-Ireland semi-final saw Kilkenny travel to Belfast to take on Antrim. What transpired in Corrigan Park turned out to be one of the most shocking results in the history of the All-Ireland championship. Walsh’s side took a half-time lead of 2-2 to 1-3 and hung on in the second-half. Antrim finally came through by 3-3 to 1-6. For the first time ever a team from the northern province would compete in the All-Ireland final. Cork, the champions of the previous two years, provided the opposition as up to 50,000 people traveled to Croke Park. The economic reality of the Emergency saw an unusual exchange take place prior to the game as Walsh presented a quantity of butter to Cork captain Mick Kennefick, who in turn handed over tea to his opposite number. The game, however, turned into a rout. Cork took a 3-11 to 0-2 lead at half-time and went on to claim the three-in-a-row on a score line of 5-16 to 0-4. 
Antrim lined out in the All-Ireland senior championship for the next few seasons, however, the team was defeated in the semi-final on each occasion. Walsh retired from inter-county hurling shortly afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="18334649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334649" title="The Green Sparrow">
The Green Sparrow

The Green Sparrow is the second solo album from Phish bassist Mike Gordon, released August 5, 2008. It is his first solo album in five years (since 2003's "Inside In"). Gordon has also released a pair of studio albums with acoustic guitarist Leo Kottke, a live album with the experimental Benevento-Russo Duo, and a live DVD with Grateful Dead offshoot Rhythm Devils.
Gordon dedicated all of 2007 to writing "The Green Sparrow" while taking a yearlong hiatus from touring. It was recorded at the end of 2007 and into 2008 in his home recording studio in Vermont and features guest appearances from Bill Kreutzmann, Trey Anastasio, Chuck Leavell, Page McConnell, Ivan Neville and others. A 2008 Summer Tour to support the album began in July 2008 and stretched into September with Gordon backed by Max Creek guitarist Scott Murawski, keyboardist Tom Cleary, drummer Todd Isler, and percussionist Craig Myers. Only Murawski remains from Gordon's original 2003 touring band.
Track listing.
"All songs written by Mike Gordon"

</doc>
<doc id="18334655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334655" title="Wilder Shaw">
Wilder Shaw

Wilder Seth Baer Shaw (born February 15, 1989) is an American comedian, actor, and writer from Los Angeles, California, though he is currently based in San Francisco. He is known for his YouTube sketch comedy troupe Soapbox Comedy, as well as Story Time Corner, and Single.
Career.
Alongside internet series, Shaw is known for his independent comedy film collaborations with Ezra Edmond. One of their early projects, "Spackelton Joes: The Painter With Woes" won the Campus MovieFest 2007 award for best costume, as well as a Golden Tripod, and San Francisco State University's Chocolate Strawberry Award for Filmmaking. A June 2008 short featured a musical improvisational comedy known as "Crayons and Fun: Studio Recordings" - a parody video about a muppet and a bear trying to record a children's music album. He and Edmond are currently in post production of their first feature film Single, which is their directorial debut and Shaw's biggest role to date.
Shaw appeared in the Seth Rogen/Barbra Streisand comedy "The Guilt Trip", briefly, as both a photo-double for Rogen and as an 18 year-old version of Rogen's character.
He currently works for Divide Nine Studios in Los Angeles, doing story development and social media.
Personal life.
Shaw was born in Los Angeles, California to television writer Rick Shaw and voice actor, Ellie Baer. Since his father worked on the television show The Nanny, Shaw was able to get a small role in one episode as a trick-or-treater. This led him into the film and television world, landing a few roles in television and doing multiple uncredited voiceover work in the video game industry, namely the popular Xbox 360 game, Mass Effect. In 2008 Shaw placed in the top 10 for a national YouTube contest for tickets to the premiere of Get Smart. He came in only as a runner up, though, somewhat ironically was seen at the premiere anyway.

</doc>
<doc id="18334664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334664" title="List of TVB series (2004)">
List of TVB series (2004)

This is a list of series released by TVB in 2004.
First line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 8:00 to 9:00 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Second line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 9:00 to 9:30 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Third line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 10:05 to 11:05 pm (9:30 to 10:30 pm from 10 April onwards), Monday to Friday on TVB.
Sunday series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 10:00 to 11:00 pm, Sunday on TVB.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18334671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334671" title="Sportkompleks Illichivets">
Sportkompleks Illichivets

Sport-Complex Illichivets () is an indoor sporting arena that is located in Mariupol, Ukraine. The capacity of the arena is 12,000 and it was opened in 2007. It hosts the home games of Azovmash Mariupol of the Ukrainian Basketball Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="18334672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334672" title="Cowbit railway station">
Cowbit railway station

Cowbit railway station was a station in Cowbit, Lincolnshire, England. It was located on the route between and .
History.
The station was opened by the Great Northern Railway on 2 September 1867. It was closed by British Railways on 11 September 1961. It was a frequent 'best kept garden' finalist in the 1950s. Despite extensive resignalling and installation of lifting boom barriers at the level crossing serving the Cowbit-Moulton Chapel main road in the summer of 1976, the March-Spalding line was closed on the late evening Saturday 27 November 1982 following the passage of Class 40 diesel No. 40024 Lucania on a northbound charter special. Tracklifting took place in two stages over the next three years: in autumn 1983 the Up line to March was lifted whilst the Down line to Spalding was lifted in summer 1985, mainly employing Class 31s and the Spalding pilot 08 shunter. The level crossing itself was resurfaced on 1 November 1985.
From 18-23 April 1977, Cowbit Up goods loop was the location of an episode of BBC Television's "Life at Risk" series. British Railways Standard Corridor Nos. W26121 and E24620, together with Brake Standard Corridor No. E35256, were repainted on one side in the colours of a Netherlands Railways commuter train to carry out a re-enactment of the 1975 Dutch train hostage crisis. Two Class 31 diesel-electrics from March depot provided the motive power. 
The station buildings all survive in private ownership, the main station building has now been fully renovated, and work on converting the signal box (owned separately from the main building) into a private house has been ongoing for some years. Many of the signs from the building and box survive in private ownership. The former waiting shelter on the platform opposite the main station building has been converted into a dog grooming parlour trading under the name of "Paws at the Station".
Future reinstatement.
The trackbed has been built on south and north of the station thus inhibiting reinstatement of the route on its original alignment. Additionally, the alignment to the south has also been breached by the new A16 bypass road. While Railtrack stated that the route is in its long-term plans for reinstatement because of the revival of the freight business, redevelopment continued unabated.
It is speculated that if Network Rail or another undertaking were to reinstate the route an alternative alignment would be required in a number of places.

</doc>
<doc id="18334680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334680" title="Pasqual Coco">
Pasqual Coco

Pasqual Coco (born September 24, 1977) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball. Coco pitched parts of three seasons with the Toronto Blue Jays from to .
Pitching Style.
Coco throws a 90–92 MPH fastball and an 81–83 MPH lively palmball.

</doc>
<doc id="18334708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334708" title="Surfleet railway station">
Surfleet railway station

Surfleet railway station was a station in Surfleet, Lincolnshire, England. It closed to passenger traffic on 11 September 1961.
The rail line is now the A16 road, and no trace of the station can be found.

</doc>
<doc id="18334709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334709" title="CeCe">
CeCe

CeCe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18334732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334732" title="Savourna Stevenson">
Savourna Stevenson

Savourna Stevenson (born 1961) is a Scottish clàrsach player and composer. While she is identified as an interpreter of Scottish traditional music, she has also made inroads into world music, blues and jazz.
Her father is the Scottish composer Ronald Stevenson. Actress Gerda Stevenson is her sister. Anna-Wendy Stevenson, the Scottish fiddle player, is her niece.
Her musical career began in the late 1970s; at the age of 15, she was already playing at the Queen Elizabeth Hall with folk artists such as Fairport Convention, Ralph McTell and Martin Carthy. Subsequent work involved her collaborating with Dave Swarbrick, Aly Bain and Davy Spillane.
She started to receive commissions for new music for theatre, dance and concerts. She first came to national attention with the 1989 album "Tweed Journey", which describes a journey down the River Tweed – separating Scotland from England – from its source to its mouth at Berwick-upon-Tweed. This album saw her experiment with the harp in an electric setting with rock and jazz musicians.
Later work saw her collaborate with the Bhundu Boys and Toumani Diabate and participate in Womad festivals around the world. As a songwriter she has worked with writers such as Michael Marra and singers such as June Tabor and Eddi Reader.
Her Harp String Quartet featured in the American TV series "Sex and the City", while her orchestral work Misterstourworm and the Kelpie’s Gift was performed for the first time by the Royal Scottish National Orchestra in 2003. She was then commissioned by Children’s Classic Concerts to write a new work for children. The result, "Hansel and Gretel", was premiered and toured across Scotland during 2005.
Her most recent album, "Persian Knight Celtic Dawn" (2006), is a mix of Celtic and Middle Eastern influences. It features song settings from "The Prophet" by Khalil Gibran and lyrics by the Gaelic poet Aonghas MacNeacail.
The release of "Hansel & Gretel" on Circular Records has been announced for January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18334738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334738" title="Court Coursey">
Court Coursey

Court Coursey, 40, born and raised in Atlanta, Georgia, is the Managing Partner of TomorrowVentures, which is an opportunistic investment firm with a focus toward seed and early-stage venture capital investments that develop innovative ideas that have the power to change the way people live, interact, and thrive. Coursey is a serial entrepreneur having founded his first business at 14 years old. He has built a number of successful companies over the past 20 years. In addition to his efforts with TomorrowVentures, Coursey supports a wide variety of philanthropic efforts by bringing his entrepreneurial expertise to the non-profit forum, which includes CitizenEffect.
Coursey currently resides in Palo Alto, California and Vail, Colorado.
certifiedEmail.com.
Among other prior ventures, in 1996, Coursey founded certifiedemail.com, an online service that allowed people to track the e-mails they send. In December 1998, certifiedemail.com was acquired by WebMD, Inc., the Internet's leading full‐service healthcare portal. On November 11, 1999, WebMD merged with Healtheon, Inc. in a transaction valued in excess of $8.0 billion.
Previous Ventures.
Prior to launching certifiedemail.com, Coursey founded his successful private aviation services business, TRUOC Aviation. Coursey founded TRUOC Aviation at age 19, focusing initially on aircraft brokerage services and later expanding into management and charter services. TRUOC Aviation has completed over $150.0 million in aircraft transaction since 1991.
Political Arena.
In 1994, at the age of 22, Coursey took a leave of absence from TRUOC Aviation to manage the finance office for Guy Millner's first gubernatorial campaign in Georgia, raising over $6 million in a nine‐month period. Coursey also served on the finance committee for Lamar Alexander's Presidential bid in 1996. Since 1994, Coursey has raised in excess of $10.0 million for various political candidates. 
He has also been a member of the Young Entrepreneurs' Organization, the world's premier organization of business professionals devoted to supporting young entrepreneurs in building companies and themselves. In addition, Coursey was a nominee for the "1998 Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year" award.
Education.
Coursey attended the University of Colorado at Boulder.

</doc>
<doc id="18334751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334751" title="Babakishi">
Babakishi

Babakishi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18334772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334772" title="Kirton railway station">
Kirton railway station

Kirton railway station was a station in Kirton, Lincolnshire. It closed to passenger traffic on 11 September 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="18334778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334778" title="Channel bank">
Channel bank

In telecommunications, a channel bank is a device that performs multiplexing or demultiplexing ("demux") of a group of communications channels, such as analog or digital telephone lines, into one channel of higher bandwidth or higher digital bit rate, such as a DS-1 (T1) circuit.
A channel bank may be located in a telephone exchange, or in an enterprise's telephone closet or enclosure where it "breaks out" individual telephone lines from a high-capacity telephone trunk line connected to the central telephone office, or the enterprise's PBX system.
A working example in the finance industry is to provide several automatic ringdown (ARD) lines over a single T-1. 

</doc>
<doc id="18334787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334787" title="The Well Below the Valley (album)">
The Well Below the Valley (album)

The Well Below the Valley is the second album by the Irish folk group Planxty. It was released in 1973 and takes its title from the sixth song on the album, "The Well Below the Valley".

</doc>
<doc id="18334804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334804" title="Horst H. Baumann">
Horst H. Baumann

Horst H. Baumann (born June 19, 1934 Aachen) is a German architect, designer, light artist, and photographer. He is best known for designing Rheinturm Düsseldorf, in Düsseldorf, Germany.
Life.
He studied metallurgical engineering from 1954 to 1957 (and from 1972 to 1974) at the RWTH Aachen, and from 1994 to 2004 at the Heinrich-Heine University in Düsseldorf.
He worked as a photographer and designer since 1957, and since 1966 as a lighting artist.
In 1963-1964, he was a visiting lecturer at the College of Design in Ulm.
In 1977, he took part in "documenta 6" in Kassel, where he installed, with Peter Hertha, the first permanent laser sculpture in the world.
Other installations include the Rheinturm in Düsseldorf (1982), the Neonskulptur "Pass the Cross" in Bielefeld-Sennestadt (1988), and the light remodeled at the Rheinturm Düsseldorf 2003.
His work has been shown internationally, including in the Gallery of Modern Art, in New York in 1965, and in 1967 and 1969 in the Biennale des Jeunes in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18334822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334822" title="Chūhachi Ninomiya">
Chūhachi Ninomiya

Early life.
Chuhhachhi was born in Yawatahama-ura, Uwa District, Iyo Province (now Yawatahama, Ehime). At the age of 12, his father, a local merchant, died, forcing him to take up a job to make a living. While working at a printing office, drug store, and elsewhere, he taught himself physics and chemistry. He also became an expert at making kites and the sale his original models earned him money for books.
Idea for flying.
In 1887 Chūhachi was conscripted into the Imperial Japanese Army. In November 1889, during maneuvers, he saw crows gliding and noticed that they did not flap. He developed the idea of fixed wing aircraft.
Chūhachi made his first model, "Karasu-gata mokei hikouki"(, "Crow-type model aircraft"). This was also the first model aircraft in Japan. It was a monoplane, with a wingspan of 45 centimetres. The wing was at a dihedral angle. The four-blade pusher propeller, inspired from a bamboo-copter, was driven by a rubber band. The model was equipped with a horizontal stabilizer at its tail, and a vertical stabilizer at its nose. It had three wheels as landing gear. On 29 April 1891 the model ran 3 metres after which it took off and flew 10 metres. The next day, it flew about 36 metres with a hand-launch.
His second model was "Tamamushi-gata hikouki"(, "Jewel beetle type flyer"), a tailless biplane. The lower wing, which was smaller than the upper, was movable: control surface. The model was also equipped with a four-blade pusher propeller. Chūhachi failed to attract the interest of the Army. During the period he only made scale models (wingspan: 2 metres) in October 1893.
Chūhachi served in First Sino-Japanese War as a combat medic. After the war, he retired from the army and worked at a pharmaceutical company. He decided to develop a flying machine on his own. Until he became the branch manager in 1906, development stagnated for lack of money. During this period, the Wright brothers succeeded with a manned flight. But Chūhachi did not hear the news. He built the whole hull of the "Tamamushi model" and planned to equip it with a 12 hp gasoline engine. However, in 1907 or 1908, he learned of the success of manned flights of heavier-than-air aircraft in Europe and America. He despaired and stopped development.
Some experts insist that the "Tamamushi model" would not have flown even if it were completed, since it was just too heavy. In April 1991 a replica of the "Tamamushi model", with alterations to improve stability, successfully flew a distance of 50 meters (136 feet).
Later life.
He concentrated on his work at the pharmaceutical company .
In 1921 lieutenant general Yoshinori Shirakawa suveyed Chūhachi's plan and recognized the value. In 1922 the Army commended him. Minister Adachi Kenzo (in 1925), and Prince Kuni Kuniyoshi (in 1926) also commended him. In 1927, he was awarded order.
In his last years, he became a kannushi (priest of shinto) to pray for dead people who were killed in aviation accidents.
Chūhachi died of stomach cancer on 8 April 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="18334830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334830" title="José Marques da Silva">
José Marques da Silva

José Marques da Silva (18 October 1869 — 6 June 1947) was a Portuguese architect.
Life and Work.
Training.
José Marques da Silva was born at 113 Rua de Costa Cabral, in Porto, on 18 October 1869. His architectural training began at the Porto Academy of Fine Arts, where his teachers were, among others, António Geraldes da Silva Sardinha, Marques de Oliveira and Soares dos Reis. In 1889 he left for Paris in order to enter the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts, and remained in the city until he received the French Government degree of Graduate Architect on 10 December 1896.
During his time in Paris, Marques da Silva did the majority of his academic work in a free atelier external to the School under the direction of Victor Laloux, resulting in some notable architectural drawings. At the time this atelier was attended by an international community of architecture students, featuring names such as Charles Lemaresquier, future successor of Victor Laloux, Paul Norman, who would win the Grand Prix of 1891, Charles Butler, the atelier's first American graduate, in 1897, and even his fellow-countryman Miguel Ventura Terra. Dating from this period, the Architect José Marques da Silva Foundation Institute holds a unique set of documents consisting of 67 architectural drawings, an important and enlightening record of fin-de-siecle architectural practices within the Beaux-Arts tradition.
Architectural Practice.
Marques da Silva returned to Portugal in 1896, and his intense professional activities quickly earned him public recognition. At the Paris Universal Exposition of 1900 he received the silver medal and at the Rio de Janeiro Exposition of 1908 he was awarded the gold medal. In 1908 he was awarded the Official Degree of the Santiago James Order of Merit for Science, Literature and Art. With designs such as the São Bento Railway Station (1896), the São João National Theatre (1910), the Four Seasons Building (1905), the Alexandre Herculano High School (1914) and the Rodrigues de Freitas High School (1919), the Nascimento Department Store (1914), the Casa de Serralves (1925–1943) and the Monument to the Heroes of the Peninsular War (1909), he shaped the face of the city of Porto, but his activities also extended to other areas in the north of the country, in particular Guimarães, a city for which he would design several important buildings such as the headquarters of the Martins Sarmento Society, the Market Hall and the Penha Sanctuary. His work, at a moment of change in construction practices, combined the values of the Beaux-Arts tradition with the elements of reason, resulting in practical designs adapted to the mechanics of modern life, with his own individual way of understanding the building of the city.
Teaching.
Marques da Silva's teaching activities began in 1900, as Professor of Drawing and Modelling in the Porto Industrial and Commercial Institute. In 1906 he was appointed Professor of Architecture at the Porto Academy of Fine Arts, later coming to occupy the post of Director of the (as it was then known) Porto School of Fine Arts (1913–1914; 1918–1939). He was also Director and Professor of the Soares dos Reis School of Applied Art (1914–1930).
Design, as a central tool of project practice and a basis for the transmission of reliable methodological processes while at the same time being able to respond to the multiple demands of society, was the driving force of his teaching. This strategy earned him the respect of several generations of modern architects who, starting from the academic basis established by Marques da Silva, learned how to reinvent the architectural practice of Porto.
The Legacy.
Marques da Silva died on 6 June 1947, at his home in the Praça Marquês de Pombal, in Porto. In his many areas of activity, this scholar of the Academies of Fine Arts of Lisbon and Porto, Board Member of the Society of Fine Arts, and founder member of the Society of Northern Architects, left a lasting legacy in the architectural culture of Porto, in the landscape of the city, in the culture of architectural design, in teaching practices, in a certain way of doing and thinking architecture which was consolidated in Porto during the 20th century.
The estate of Marques da Silva was bequeathed to the University of Porto by Maria José Marques da Silva (1914–1994) and David Moreira da Silva (1909–2002), his daughter and son-in-law, themselves also architects, through the creation of the Marques da Silva Institute. In 1996, the University founded the Architect José Marques da Silva Institute, and in July 2009 the decision was made to transform the institute into a private foundation, the Architect José Marques da Silva Foundation Institute (FIMS), whose mission is to promote the scientific, cultural, pedagogical and artistic heritage of the architect José Marques da Silva, in the context of his time and in relation to the modern culture of which he was a precursor. The Foundation, based in the architect's own Residence-Atelier and next to the Lopes Martins family mansion, also occupying a pavilion in the large garden, houses in addition the literary, artistic, architectural and town planning collection of the architects Maria José Marques da Silva Martins and David Moreira da Silva. FIMS coordinates the conservation, evaluation and handling of the information with its research and dissemination, and is open to receiving or incorporating other heritage-related items of historical, scientific, artistic or documentary value, preferably referring to architecture and urban planning in Porto and Portugal.
In May 2011, the Sociedade de Transportes Colectivos do Porto Public Transport Society, in collaboration with the Marques da Silva Foundation, paid tribute by providing information to passengers on the various buildings designed by Marques da Silva on the route of Line 22 of the Electric Trams of Porto.

</doc>
<doc id="18334834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334834" title="Salakh">
Salakh

Salakh (, also Romanized as Şalakh; also known as Şalagh, Şelagh, and Selaq) is a village in Salakh Rural District, Shahab District, Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,281, in 420 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="18334838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334838" title="Acediasulfone">
Acediasulfone

Acediasulfone (INN) is an antimicrobial drug, which also has antimalarial activity. It is a long-acting prodrug of dapsone, which is used for treating leprosy.

</doc>
<doc id="18334842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334842" title="Phil Purcell (hurler)">
Phil Purcell (hurler)

Phil Purcell (1900–1963) was a famous Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Moycarkey-Borris and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1926 until 1937.
Playing career.
Club.
Purcell played his club hurling with his local club Moycarkey-Borris and enjoyed much success. He won his first senior county title in 1932. It was the first of four county victories for Purcell, the other three coming in 1934, 1937 and 1940.
Inter-county.
Purcell began his inter-county hurling career at a time when there was no minor hurling championship. He first came to prominence with the Tipperary junior team in the early 1920s. He was captain of the team in 1924 as Tipp captured the Munster junior title. Purcell later captured an All-Ireland junior title as Tipperary defeated Galway in the final.
Purcell later joined the Tipperary senior team and made his debut in 1926. It was a time when Cork were dominating the provincial championship. Purcell, however, first tasted major success sin 1928 as Tipp defeated Laois to take the National Hurling League title.
Two years later in 1930 Purcell lined out against Clare in the Munster final. It was Tipperary’s first appearance in the provincial decider in four years; however, they hadn’t won the title in five years. Purcell’s side were the dominant side for the whole game and went on to win by 6-4 to 2-8. It was his first Munster senior title. Tipp later defeated Galway in the All-Ireland semi-final, setting up a championship decider with Dublin. Two goals just before half-time gave Tipp the edge and the team hung on to win by 2-7 to 1-3. It was Purcell’s first and only All-Ireland medal.
Tipperary went into decline following this victory as Limerick became the dominant force in Munster. Purcell retired from inter-county hurling in 1937, shortly before Tipp reclaimed the provincial and All-Ireland titles.
Provincial.
Purcell also lined out with Munster in the inter-provincial hurling competition. He first played for his province in the second year of the Railway Cup competition in 1928. On that occasion he collected his first winners’ medal as Munster defeated Leinster. Coughlan remained on the team and helped Munster to capture a further four titles in-a-row in 1929, 1930 and 1931 when he captained the side. Purcell captured a fifth Railway Cup medal in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="18334849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334849" title="Symphony No. 5 (Ries)">
Symphony No. 5 (Ries)

Ferdinand Ries wrote the Symphony No. 5 in D minor, Opus 112, in London in 1813. It was the second symphony Ries wrote. It was first performed at a Philharmonic Society concert on Valentine's Day 1814. In 1823, Breitkopf & Härtel published the work together with piano solo, piano duet and chamber arrangements.
Scored for flute, 2 oboes, 2 bassoons, 2 horns, 2 trumpets, 3 trombones, timpani and strings, the piece is in four movements:
Inspired by Ludwig van Beethoven's Symphony No. 5 in C minor, Ries's Fifth uses the rhythm of Beethoven's famous "Fate" motif with different pitches. The piece has been recorded by the Zurich Chamber Orchestra conducted by Howard Griffiths on the Classic Produktion Osnabrück label.

</doc>
<doc id="18334864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334864" title="Canada Consumer Product Safety Act">
Canada Consumer Product Safety Act

The Canada Consumer Product Safety Act was a Canadian act that passed into law by the Government of Canada on December 14, 2010. This law replaced Part I of the Hazardous Products Act. It was originally introduced in the 2nd session of the 39th Parliament of Canada as Bill C-52. It died in committee when the 2008 Canadian federal election was called, but was reintroduced in the 2nd session of the 40th Parliament of Canada as Bill C-6 and was passed by both houses of Parliament but did not receive royal assent before Parliament was prorogued. It was introduced for a third time in the 3rd session of the 40th Parliament as Bill C-36.
The legislative package proposes amendments to the Hazardous Products Act (HPA), and would move continue consumer products to be regulated under the proposed Canada Consumer Product Safety Act. These bills are a result of increased consumer concern over consumer products, such as children's toys, which have been the subject of recalls over the past few years. Canada’s Hazardous Products Act has not been updated in over 40 years. Canada’s regulatory system has not kept pace with the global economy and increasing amounts of international trade. The Minister of Health, for example, currently doesn’t have the power to force recall of faulty or counterfeit products in Canada.
Support for improving Consumer Product Safety.
Health Canada consulted widely with industry and consumer groups over a period of several years before bringing forward the Consumer Product Safety Action Plan.
Health Canada regularly issues warnings, advisories and information updates to advise consumers of products on the market which contain toxic substances such as lead, mercury or arsenic; or are otherwise contaminated by dangerous and unhealthy substances. However under the previous legislation, the Minister of Health has no power to compel recall of these products. For example, Health Canada posted just over 300 recall notices in 2009. Roughly one third of these were for children's products. In 2009, about 1.5 million consumers were affected by crib recalls alone.

</doc>
<doc id="18334868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334868" title="Francisco Lázaro">
Francisco Lázaro

Francisco Lázaro (January 21, 1891 – July 15, 1912) was the first Portuguese Olympic marathon runner and standard bearer of the Portuguese legation in the nation's first ever Olympic Games, the 1912 Summer Olympics, in Stockholm, Sweden.
Like all the Olympic athletes of his time, Lázaro was an amateur sportsman, and his actual job was as a carpenter in an automobile factory in Lisbon. Prior to the Olympics he had run and won three national marathon championships in his native country.
Lázaro was the first athlete to die during an Olympic event, after collapsing at the 30 kilometer mark of the marathon. The cause of death was thought to be severe dehydration due to the high temperature registered at the time of the race; later it was discovered Lázaro covered large portions of his body with wax to prevent sunburns, but eventually the wax impermeability restricted the athlete's natural perspiration, leading to a serious body fluid electrolytic imbalance.
The novel "The Piano Cemetery" by Portuguese novelist José Luís Peixoto is based on Francisco Lázaro's story.

</doc>
<doc id="18334870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334870" title="Congregation Rodeph Shalom (Philadelphia)">
Congregation Rodeph Shalom (Philadelphia)

Congregation Rodeph Shalom of Philadelphia, founded in 1795, is the oldest Ashkenazic synagogue in the Western Hemisphere. It is noted historically for its leadership of the Reform movement among American Hebrew congregations, for its spiritual influence upon international Jewry, and for its unique 1927 Moorish Revival building on North Broad Street, on the National Register of Historic Places for many decades.
Origins and early history.
Founded informally as a "minyan" of ten worshipers in 1795 by Orthodox Jews from Germany, Holland, and Poland, Rodeph Shalom adopted its first Articles of Association in 1802 and was the first synagogue in Pennsylvania to receive a corporate charter in 1812. Its records were kept in Yiddish until 1810 and in German until 1830 and it was known mainly as the congregation of recent immigrants until 1840. The congregation differentiated itself from Mikveh Israel mainly by offering Philadelphia Jews of northern European origin membership at reduced rates and, in cases of hardship, gratis. Welfare provisions were prominent features of Rodeph Shalom's constitution; rabbis were permitted to extend aid of up to five dollars to any sick or poor person, for example. But there was a price for these amenities: absence from Friday evening or Saturday morning services was punishable by fine, excused only by sickness or travel out of town.
Services were held during the congregation's first seven decades in a variety of locations: initially in a building on Margaretta Street before Second; after 1820 at 1 Bread (Moravian) Street; by 1830 at 7 Pear Alley (Chancellor Street); and until 1840 at 15 Vine Street and at Fifth and Cherry. Relatively late in its history, then, the congregation finally built its first building in 1866, a Moorish Revival sanctuary designed by Philadelphia Frank Furness on North Broad Street.
Lay readers conducted services at Rodeph Shalom during its first decades. Mayer Ullmann, co-writer of the congregation's first by-laws in 1910 that made no provision for a paid leader, or "hazan", was the first appointed "baal tefilla", or leader of services. He was joined in 1818 by Abraham Levy, who conducted services on Sabbath and holidays. The first formally appointed "hazan" of Rodeph Shalom was Charleston, South Carolina, native Rabbi Jacob Lippman, who was forced to supplement his annual salary of $30 for part-time service by keeping a second-hand clothing store on South Street.
Of course in this era, the number of Philadelphia Jews was relatively small. In 1822, only 225 foreign-born, mostly Ashkenazic Jews resided in Philadelphia and were outnumbered by those born in America. Recent immigrants did not outnumber native-born Jewish Philadelphians until 1830, but these Jews, far less than one thousand in the burgeoning town, assimilated so handily to life in America that they presented few problems to either their adopted city or to their Hebrew neighbors.
Becoming Reform: Marcus Jastrow.
The Reverend Isaac Leeser, chosen by Congregation Mikveh Israel in 1829 as its "hazan", began to preach in English in 1831, inviting other Hebrew congregations to share his vision of Jewish ecumenism and beginning a period of institutional adaptation to the changing physical, educational, and economic circumstances of modern Jews in America and around the world that would lead directly to the rise of the Reform movement. The first Jewish Sunday School was founded by Leeser in 1838 and the "Occident and American Jewish Advocate", a monthly international Jewish periodical, in 1868.
A new brand of Jewish spiritual leader, the ordained rabbi with a university doctorate of divinity bearing the title "Reverend Doctor", arrived on the Rodeph Shalom scene in 1853, when the congregation was the first in the city to hire one of the new breed, Rabbi Bernard L. Illoway, as rabbi, preacher, and Sunday School principal; he worked alongside the Rev. Jacob Frankel, who had joined RS in 1849, but later departed in 1862 following his appointment as the first official Jewish chaplain in the US Army, in part through the efforts of the Board of Delegates of American Israelites. The 1850s and 1860s were marked by Leeser's call for a synod of Philadelphia congregations and by Congregation Keneseth Israel's Rabbi David Einhorn's denunciations of slavery as contrary to Biblical and Talmudic law. In 1866, Rodeph Shalom called Warsaw's scholarly Rabbi Marcus Jastrow to its pulpit in acknowledgment of his heroic activism against the Russia-dominated Polish government. Leeser and Jastrow then helped form a short-lived rabbinical seminary, Maimonides College, at which Jastrow taught philosophy, history, Biblical exegesis, and Talmud and eventually succeeded Leeser as provost.
Jastrow became active on the national stage as editor-in-chief of the Jewish Publication Society's "Holy Scriptures" and author of a classic Aramaic-English scriptural dictionary. He was asked to open the United States House of Representatives in Washington, D.C., with prayer in 1869, and hosted the meeting of Philadelphia philanthropists at RS that resulted in creation of the city's United Hebrew Charities, forerunner of today's Federation of Jewish Agencies. With his thoughtful and scholarly sermons attracting larger audiences and wider membership, Rodeph Shalom erected its first dedicated building in the Moorish style at Broad and Mount Vernon Streets, six blocks north of Penn Square, in 1869. Jastrow moved the congregation closer to Reform by instituting a mixed choir, installing an organ, abolishing the women's gallery, and ending the sale of "mitzvot", although he maintained separate male and female seating in the sanctuary.
But the tide of greater spiritual reform was sweeping the country, and by 1892, Jastrow was looked upon as a conservative and dismissed. The Pittsburgh Conference of 1885, presided over by Rabbi Isaac Mayer Wise, had settled upon a group of eight principles that defined Reform Judaism until 1937. This platform rejected the atavistic elements of Mosaic law, including dietary restrictions and special garments; it accepted modern science, preached the need to teach morality, defined Judaism as a religion rather than a nationality, rejected Zionism, welcomed all faiths in a rational, ecumenical fraternity, and affirmed the need for social justice and social action.
The titans of Reform: Berkowitz and Wolsey.
Jastrow was replaced in December 1892 by the Rev. Dr. Henry Berkowitz (1857-1924), formerly spiritual leader of congregations in Mobile, Alabama, and Kansas City, Missouri, and Philadelphia's first American-born rabbi. Following the lead of his close friend, Keneseth Israel's Joseph Krauskopf, Berkowitz created a library at RS and began publishing his sermons in English, making the study of German at the religious school optional and soon abandoned. Congregational singing and a children's choir became regular features at worship services. In 1893, Berkowitz was instrumental in creating the Jewish Chautauqua Society for the promotion and dissemination of studies in Jewish history and education of non-Jews about Judaism. In 1894, Berkowitz replaced Jastrow's prayerbook with the newly published "Union Prayer Book", and by 1897, he had re-made the congregation in his warm and empathetic personal image.
Berkowitz's activities were not circumscribed by his religious ties. He was an executive member and honorary vice president of the Playgrounds Association that brought recreation and social services to children in Philadelphia's underprivileged neighborhoods. He served a Vice Commission that worked to end prostitution among immigrant girls. He vigorously opposed those who insisted that contemporary Judaism demanded creation of a national Jewish state in Palestine with his widely publicized statement, "Why I am Not a Zionist". During World War I, he lectured widely to raise funds for relief for war victims and toured army camps, lecturing to service men.
Berkowitz's failing health and eventual death in 1924 brought interim rabbi Harry W. Ettelson and associate rabbi Ferdinand Isserman to the pulpit at RS that year. In 1925, Louis Wolsey arrived from Cleveland's Euclid Avenue (Fairmount) Temple with a national reputation for pulpit oratory, and a new chapter of Rodeph Shalom's history began. Wolsey moved quickly to consolidate the congregation's religious school, long conducted off campus at a remote facility at Broad and Jefferson, at the congregation's main edifice at Broad and Mount Vernon. Immediately elected president of the Central Conference of American Rabbis and then chairman of the Conference's Committee on Synagogue Music, Wolsey published the third edition of the "Union Hymnal" that notably and for the first time included hymns from every competent Jewish composer of the era.
In 1928, needing a larger sanctuary and additional meeting and office areas, the congregation, under Wolsey's leadership, built its present magnificent Moorish Revival synagogue. The interior, including its star-burst skylights, stained glass windows, bronze-and-enamel doors of the Aron Kodesh, walls, ceiling, dome, carpet and ornamentation are by D'Ascenzo Studio.
Like Berkowitz, Wolsey was a leader of the antizionist movement in Reform Judaism that in 1937 repudiated an attempt by the Central Conference to institute a theme of Jewish peoplehood and allow for Zionist sentiment within the Reform movement. Also like Berkowitz, Wolsey's social activism transcended religious and geographical boundaries; he established the Mount Vernon Center for underprivileged children in the neighborhood surrounding the congregation's Mount Vernon Street edifice and created the Well Baby Clinic to teach young mothers homemaking and preventive medical care. In 1937, he became chairman of Philadelphia's Vice and Crime Commission and made recommendations that helped change Pennsylvania's outmoded criminal parole system.
The age of David H. Wice.
Rabbi David H. Wice, who served Rodeph Shalom from 1947 until 1981, shepherded the congregation through a period of unprecedented growth and social change. He enlarged the scope of synagogue services and connected Judaism to the everyday lives of his congregants. As Philadelphia's Jews migrated to the city's northern suburbs, Rabbi Wice created the congregation's Suburban Center in Elkins Park, a spiritual sanctuary dedicated to suburban residents that maintained its own religious school and to which Rabbi Wice and his associate and assistant rabbis traveled for sermons and meetings throughout their tenure with the congregation. Throughout his life, Rabbi Wice was a champion of Reform Judaism, the international Progressive Jewish Movement, and was a leading advocate for educational and social welfare causes. As president of the World Union for Progressive Judaism (1973–80), he guided the international Reform movement through a critical period of change and growth. It was during his tenure that the movement moved its headquarters to Jerusalem, which was a central event in the movement’s history, reinforcing the centrality of the State of Israel in Progressive Jewish life.
Rabbi Richard S. Steinbrink, who joined Rodeph Shalom in 1970 under Dr. Wice, served the congregation as senior rabbi from 1981 to 1988. Rabbi Steinbrink reintroduced traditional rituals formerly exclusively associated with Conservatism into Rodeph Shalom’s worship service. Presiding over his first service as senior rabbi, for example, Rabbi Steinbrink wore a black robe and tallis on the "bimah", an act controversial at the time. But more importantly, Steinbrink focused his spiritual attention on issues of broad and ecumenical public concern, such as nuclear arms control, local and world hunger, and the crisis in public education, urging the congregation to think critically about the secular world with the tools of Jewish morality and to fight for change within that world when necessary.
Rabbi Alan D. Fuchs led the congregation as senior rabbi from 1988 to 1998. A graduate of Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut, he was ordained by the Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion in 1963. Before joining RS, Rabbi Fuchs served as senior rabbi of the Isaac M. Wise Temple in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was also rabbi at Temple Sinai in Pittsburgh; Congregation Keneseth Israel in Elkins Park; and Temple Beth El in Somerville, New Jersey; and served as a US Army chaplain at Fort Knox, Kentucky, and Verdun, France.
Rodeph Shalom today.
William I. Kuhn became senior rabbi of Congregation Rodeph Shalom in 1998. Rabbi Kuhn was ordained in 1994 by the Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, and immediately came to RS, serving as assistant and associate rabbi beginning in 1994. He brings broad and distinctive life experience to the congregation's historic pulpit. Throughout his tenure, Rabbi Kuhn has initiated and overseen Rodeph Shalom's ambitious and wide-ranging efforts to encourage all members of the congregation to volunteer a significant amount of their time in the betterment of their community.
A native and longtime resident of Nashville, Tennessee, Rabbi Kuhn's great love for Judaism was nurtured at Congregation Ohabai Sholom and within his family, which had founded the synagogue in the 1860s and remains vitally active in it to this day. He continued the Kuhn family tradition of leadership as a board member and officer of Ohabai Sholom, particularly while chairing the Social Action Committee, when he was instrumental in establishing a homeless shelter at the Temple.
After graduating from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, Rabbi Kuhn served as vice-president of Kuhn's Big K Stores Corporation, a family-owned retail business, and later established and was president of General Property Investor's Corporation, a real-estate investment firm. Throughout this period, he was active in Nashville community affairs.
In Philadelphia, Rabbi Kuhn is an active member of the boards of Jewish Federation of Greater Philadelphia, Jewish Family and Children's Services, and the National Conference for Community and Justice. He served on Mayor John Street's Transition Committee as co-chairman of the Volunteer and Faith-Based Organizations Sub-committee and on the Human Relations Commission for the City of Philadelphia.
In 2003-4, under Rabbi Kuhn's direction, Rodeph Shalom carried out a major restoration of its main sanctuary. The entire building was rewired for modern electricity requirements and the air conditioning and heating systems replaced with modern equipment. Lighting fixtures were removed, cleaned and restored; ceiling painted and reguilded; wallpaper cleaned; and carpeting and seats replaced.
During his successful campaign for the presidency, Barack Obama spoke in the synagogue at Passover, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18334881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334881" title="Skintight jaguars">
Skintight jaguars

Skintight Jaguars were a hard rock/punk band from London, England. They are currently on an indefinite hiatus. The last line-up consisted of guitarist/vocalist Ryan Simmonds, bassist Matt Valentine and drummer J Machete. Original singer Kip Legend left the band in 2009 after relocating to Oslo, Norway.
The band supported Backyard Babies on their 2008 tour of the UK.
Music journalist Malcolm Dome described them as ""Decadently apocalyptic"" in Rock Sound magazine.
History.
The band originally formed in 2002 under the initial guise of Sneaking Fog after meeting while studying at the Norwich School of Art & Design. What started off as a joke quickly became an ever increasing career prospect due to high profile support slots with The Darkness and The Quireboys.
In late 2004 the name was changed to Skintight Jaguars, and the first demo under the new name was released - "Black Russian" b/w "Lowdown Downtown". This was swiftly followed up with a single release of an old Sneaking Fog track "Thunderbone" on the independent Norwich based label Wilde Club Records in early 2005. Garnering the band radio play in Italy, Denmark and on Bruce Dickinson's BBC Radio 6 Rock show in the UK.
Guitarist Famus Shamus left the band in early 2005 resulting in a lengthy downtime for the band. After months of auditioning guitarists, the band finally settled on Israeli born guitarist Niro Knox who became the next full-time member of the band.
Six new tracks were recorded with guitarist Niro in late 2005, overseen by producer/bassist John McCoy, best known for his work with Gillan, Mammoth and production duties on the debut album by UK Subs. These recordings were never released and Niro quit the band to play with London based glam rockers King Lizard. Niro was replaced by ex-Plastiques bassist Carl Muskel who took over the vacant guitar slot in early 2006.
2006 saw a brief hiatus for the band in a conscious effort to start something fresh musically. This resulted in a dramatic change in sound with something more akin to the members' punk influences, taking on a preferred ‘wall-of-noise’ sound and the use of simplistic chord structures in reference to The Ramones and Motörhead. After months of working on this new sound, the "Start The Fight" EP finally surfaced on their own independent label Hustler Squad.
During this time the band also recorded a version of Turbonegro's "Denim Demon." This track appeared on their Myspace profile, but is officially unreleased.
Another line-up change resulted in more delays at the end of 2006 when guitarist Carl Muskel relocated to Los Angeles. Ryan ‘Jean’ Simmonds was already on standby and immediately recruited into the band as guitarist. Ryan had previously played in an early formation of the band called Electrobitch in 2003, and was also another ex-graduate of the Norwich School of Art & Design.
The band then spent the next 6 months crafting new songs for a full length album.
In 2007, Skintight Jaguars released their debut album "The Curse" on MSKL Records, (Later re-released in May 2008 on Zodiac Killer Records), which also featured some remastered/remixed tracks from the "Start The Fight" EP.
In 2008 they toured the UK with Backyard Babies and Crucified Barbara, but by early 2009 singer Kip Legend had left the band and relocated to Oslo, Norway. 
After auditioning singers the band finally decided that guitarist Ryan would take over vocal duties while continuing to play the guitar. From 2009 the band played as a three-piece.
In October 2010 Skintight Jaguars were announced as the winners of the Relentless Energy Drink band search, in conjunction with Myspace. This confirmed them as the opening band for the Relentless Energy Drink Sessions Festival on 23 October 2010, supporting rock super group headliners The Damned Things made up from members of Anthrax, Fall Out Boy and Every Time I Die. 
At some point in 2011 the band went on hiatus, they currently have no plans to reform. 
Since forming they performed alongside many high profile bands including Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster, Towers Of London, Vice Squad, The Dresdens, The Vibrators, Lords Of Altamont, Zodiac Mindwarp, Young Heart Attack, The Damned Things, and Backyard Babies.

</doc>
<doc id="18334895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334895" title="Atelier Viking">
Atelier Viking

Atelier Viking is a studio and an artist-run initiative based in Douala, Cameroon.
Artist Viking Kanganyam André founded atelier Viking in March 1976 to promote contemporary art in Cameroon. The paucity of art galleries in Douala encouraged Kanganyam to create a space where artists could be trained and exhibited. Viking taught visual arts (painting, sculpture, graphic art, drawing and serygraphy) to small groups of students. Viking encouraged his students to explore the potentialities of all media and specifically the possibility of transforming and re-using materials found in loco. Concurrently to their activity of visual artists, they worked in advertising. Since 2001, Viking decided to devote his space mostly to exhibitions. 
Atelier Viking is located in the neighbourhood of Bessengue, Rue Jamot face Garage Technique Auto, 100mt from Mobil Bonakouamuang. It collaborates with Art Wash.

</doc>
<doc id="18334903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334903" title="Joseph Iannuzzi">
Joseph Iannuzzi

Joseph Iannuzzi, also known as "Joe Dogs" ,"Joe Diner" and "Joe Drywall"(born 1931 Port Chester, New York), was a Gambino crime family associate and turncoat whose co-operation influenced events surrounding the late 1985 assassination of Gambino boss Paul Castellano and played an indirect, but valuable role in the 1985 Mafia Commission Trial. He is the author of "The Mafia Cookbook", "Cooking on the Lam", and Autobiography: "JOE DOGS THE LIFE & CRIMES OF A MOBSTER". Simon & Schuster, 1993. ISBN 0-671-79752-2</ref>
Early years.
Joseph Iannuzzi II is the son of a prominent Westchester County bookmaker and policy numbers racket. Sr. Joe, was born in this Country but his Parents were originally from Palermo Sicily. Joseph Iannuzzi is the first cousin of restaurateur, Oswaldo (Ozzie) Carpanzano who owned a fine Italian Restaurant called Alfredo's in Boynton Beach, Florida. At the young age of 4 or 5, Joe Jr's father, Joe Sr. would take him along to make his collections for the numbers game, horse & sports bets. Joe's father had many prominent bettors. Some of them included: Jack Benny, Eddie Anderson who co-starred on "The Jack Benny Show". Joe Jr. met the famous Cowboy star Tom Mix and posed on his horse for a photograph that was taken by a professional photographer in 1935. Tom Mix would give Joe Jr. a silver dollar on almost every visit. Joe would also visit the Tonawanda Reservation in Harrison, New York on a weekly basis. The Indians on the reservation would give Joe Jr. Indian Head Pennies.
Joe Dogs first arrest came at the young age of 14. He belonged to a gang called the Night Raiders. His cohorts were: Perkie DiLeo, Bob Slater, George Vigolotti, and others (FNLNU) which means: first name, last name, unknown. Joe's mother ""Molly Iannuzzi, divorced Joe Sr. in 1945. She married a man of Irish descent named, Edward Muller. Joe Jr. and Eddie did not get along. Joe Jr. left home at 14 and hitch hiked to Hollywood, California where he painted mailboxes for the wealthy. He slept in parked cars and on park benches until he was found by a police officer and picked up and flown home to New York where he was greeted by his mother. She had filed a missing persons report on Joe Jr. Joe stayed home for almost a year and then forged both of his parents signatures on the U.S. Army application.""
Military career.
Joseph enlisted in the U.S. Army in September 1948 and served in the Korean War. It was tough for him as he had to learn discipline. He was interested in boxing and joined the boxing team to get out of doing K.P. and other duties. While being involved in boxing, he became an exceptional good fighter that got him promoted to Corporal. This was at Fort Benning, Georgia. Joe was busted down to recruit again shortly after being promoted because he was caught forging his name on a boxing license in Columbus, Georgia. The Military Police arrested Joe while he was boxing his third fight. The Military Police escorted Joe out of the ring at the end of the second or third round of the fight. Joe served in the Korean war and was wounded twice and was decorated for bravery and received two Purple Hearts. Joe was discharged honorably in October, 1951 after serving over three years in the U.S. Army. Once discharged, Joe resumed his criminal activities again.
Back on the Streets.
Joe was married three times. He had 7 children. Sandra, Sheryl, Debbie, Stephanie, Steve, Joseph and Sonja.
In Joe Dogs 3rd marriage to Giovanna "Bunny" Esposito, his son Joseph Iannuzzi the 3rd, Godfather's name was, Michael "Midge" Belvedere, a former Colombo crime family member and successful bookmaker from West Babylon, (Long Island) New York. Joe moved from Long Island, New York to Florida in 1967 and found work as a drywall installer. Knowing his present employer well who was originally from Harrison, New York, gave Joe Jr. the position as "Shop Steward". Joe's wife Bunny was happy that he (Joe) was finally employed legitimately. His legitimate employment did not last long as Joe Jr. became friends with a Nicholas "Jiggs" Forlano a "retired" Colombo capo.
In 1975, Iannuzzi became a member of Tommy Agro's South Florida crew along with another Gambino associate Robert "Skinny Bobby" Desimone and became a top enforcer for Agro superior Gambino consigliere Joseph N. Gallo. This took place in West Palm Beach, Florida. By the mid 1970s, Joe Jr. was running the operations for the Gambino crime family in South Florida. Iannuzzi was involved in loansharking, rigging horse races, labor racketeering, drug dealing, extortion and robbery. He soon later involved his son-in law, Mike Acevedo, who helped him along with many of his runs. He earned a living into deep eight figures for his mentor Tommy Agro, who went by "T.A." Iannuzzi suddenly had a heart attack that sent him to the Emergency room. His wife and daughter were called. During his hospital visit, he gained the attention of the FBI. Iannuzzi left Florida and fled to Chicago to hide from the FBI. He had his girlfriend Nena who worked as a flight attendant for an airline that he frequently traveled on. When he returned to Florida, "T.A." (Tommy Agro) was furious because Iannuzzi was out of touch and had $22,000.00 of Agro's that was shylocked out on the streets.Once T.A. learned the reason why Joe was out of touch all was fine once again.
Operation Home Run.
After nearly being beaten to death with a baseball bat and a tire iron by Thomas Agro and two of his crew, because of orders from Joe N Gallo the Gambino consigliere, Iannuzzi became an informant with the FBI. That agency put into play “Operation Home Run” and started a gambling night club in Riviera Beach Florida. Joe Dogs was welcomed back by his mafia friends.The FBI ok'd the money for the club as long as there was an undercover agent named Jack Bonino brought in to operate the club with Joe Dogs. The F B I gave the undercover agents name as John Marino. 
Joe Dogs convinced the Mafia that John Marino who Joe described as a partner of his in the drug trade would furnish the money for the club. The Mobsters wound up putting their arm around John Marino and welcomed him into their organization. Mobsters were photographed videotaped and recorded in the club. Agent Jack Bonino did a superb job.
Operation Home Run lasted approximately 15 months, Getting indictments and convictions to about a dozen players including a chief of police William Boone Darden. Then Joe Dogs was shipped to New York Trials where he went to a trial which was called the “Favors” case. He was responsible for six convictions there.
Operation Home Run closed down because there was an alleged leak in the FBI organization. This was told to Joe Dogs, by agent Doss. So for safety sake the Feds closed the operation down.
The last known or heard from Joe Dogs being of terrible health was in 1994. He was coming out of a hospital in Mineola Long Island New York. If still alive he would be 83 years old as of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18334913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334913" title="Sialome">
Sialome

In biochemistry, the term sialome may refer to two distinct concepts:

</doc>
<doc id="18334920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334920" title="Concordia-class cruise ship">
Concordia-class cruise ship

The "Concordia" class is a class of cruise ships that are operated by Costa Cruises and Carnival Cruise Lines, subsidiaries of Carnival Corporation & plc.
The ship's design is based on the design of Carnival's "Conquest"-class fleet of ships. Carnival operates only a single vessel in this class, "Carnival Splendor", which is marketed as a "Splendor"-class ship. However, "Carnival Splendor" is based on the "Concordia" class. Including "Carnival Splendor", there are currently five ships sailing in this class. 
However, their design from lido (pool) deck up to the top deck was enlarged and redesigned. The most notable difference is the structure around the main pool. The main pool features a glass exterior on both sides of the ship. A retractable roof was also added for the main pool. Another notable difference is the enlargement of its spa facilities. Each ship has a 21,000-ft2 (2,000-m2) wellness facility. Additional spa cabins were also included into the "Concordia" class.
Incidents and accidents.
"Costa Concordia" capsized on January 13, 2012, after running aground shortly off the coast of Tuscany. The ship had departed from Civitavecchia on a seven-day Mediterranean cruise with 3,229 passengers and a crew of 1,023. The grounding caused a gash in the hull, flooding the ship and causing the death of 32 people after the ship capsized and partially sank next to the shore. Although the ship sank only partially and next to the shore, its evacuation was chaotic and its captain was subsequently arrested on preliminary charges of multiple manslaughter in connection with not only causing a shipwreck, but also failing to assist 300 passengers and failing to be the last to leave the wreck.
"Carnival Splendor" experienced a fire in her engine room on November 8, 2010, resulting in a loss of all electrical power and stranding the vessel with almost 4,500 on board.

</doc>
<doc id="18334928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334928" title="Brad Cornett">
Brad Cornett

Brad Byron Cornett (born February 4, 1969 in Lamesa, Texas) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball. Cornett pitched for the Toronto Blue Jays for parts of the and seasons.
Signed by the Blue Jays as an undrafted free agent out of Lubbock Christian University in , Cornett made his major league debut in just his third season of professional baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="18334945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334945" title="Roger B. Porter">
Roger B. Porter

Roger Blaine Porter (born 19 June 1946) is an American professor currently serving as the IBM Professor of Business and Government at Harvard University. He is the Master of Dunster House, one of the twelve undergraduate houses or colleges at Harvard. He is also a Senior Scholar at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington, D.C. 
Porter grew up in Utah, Iowa, and New York and attended Brigham Young High School in Provo, Utah. He attended Brigham Young University (BYU) for two years and was a member of the varsity men's tennis team before serving a mission for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the United Kingdom. He received his B.A. from BYU and was selected as a Rhodes Scholar and a Woodrow Wilson Fellow earning a B.Phil. from Oxford University. He earned his M.A. and Ph.D. from Harvard University. 
He was selected as a White House Fellow (1974–75) and served as Special Assistant to the President and Executive Secretary of the President’s Economic Policy Board (1974–77) in the Ford White House. He joined the faculty at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in 1977. 
Porter returned to government service at the beginning of Ronald Reagan’s administration, serving as executive secretary of the Cabinet Council on Economic Affairs and as director of White House Office of Policy Development. He rejoined the Harvard faculty in the fall of 1985 as the IBM Professor of Business and Government and faculty chair of the Senior Managers in Government Program. He returned to the White House at the beginning of George H. W. Bush's administration, where he served as Assistant to the President for Economic and Domestic Policy from 1989 to 1993.
Porter has twice served as director of the Mossavar-Rahmani Center for Business and Government at Harvard (1995-2000 and 2008-2011). His teaching and research interests range widely. In 1987 he inherited Harvard’s course on “The American Presidency” from Richard Neustadt and he has taught the course ever since except for the years when he was serving in the White House. He also teaches a large graduate course on “The Business-Government Relationship in the United States” as well as courses and modules on managing policy development, decision making, and economic policy.
His books include "Presidential Decision Making", "The U.S.-U.S.S.R. Grain Agreement", and edited volumes on "Efficiency, Equity, and Legitimacy: The Multilateral Trading System at the Millennium", and most recently, "New Directions in Financial Services Regulation".
He is a member of the President’s Commission on White House Fellows, a member of the board of directors of the White House Historical Association, a trustee of the Gerald R. Ford Foundation, and a member of the advisory board of The Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas A&M University.

</doc>
<doc id="18334959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334959" title="Ange (disambiguation)">
Ange (disambiguation)

Ange is a French progressive rock band.
Ange may also refer to:
People with the given name Ange:

</doc>
<doc id="18334982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334982" title="Florida Rugby Union">
Florida Rugby Union

The Florida Rugby Union (FRU) is a Geographical Union (GU) that governs a specific region of Florida for USA Rugby. The Florida Rugby Union has four divisions: Men's, Women's, Collegiate Men's, and Collegiate Women's, as well as an intramural high school division. 
Men's clubs.
There are currently fifteen registered clubs in the Men's division.
Women's clubs.
There are currently five registered clubs in the Women's division.
Collegiate Men's clubs.
There are currently twelve registered clubs in the Collegiate Men's division.
Collegiate Women's clubs.
There are currently eight registered clubs in the Collegiate Women's division.

</doc>
<doc id="18334999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18334999" title="Junior Mahony">
Junior Mahony

Junior Mahony was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Ardrahan and with the Galway senior inter-county team in the 1920s. Mahony was the goalkeeper on Galway's first All-Ireland winning team in 1923.
Playing career.
Club.
Mahony played his club hurling with his local club in Ardrahan, however, he enjoyed little success. In spite of Ardrahan being one of the most successful clubs in the county championship, the club went through a barren period without winning a county title between 1910 and 1949.
Inter-county.
Mahony first came to prominence on the inter-county scene with Galway in the early 1920s. At the time Galway were unopposed in the Connacht Championship and had an easy passage to the All-Ireland semi-final every year, however, All-Ireland success still eluded the team.
In 1922 the Connacht championship was revived for the first time since 1917. That year Mahony collected a Connacht title as Galway defeated Roscommon in the provincial final. The men from the West were later defeated by Tipperary in the All-Ireland semi-final.
In 1923 Galway were unopposed n Connacht once again and went straight into the All-Ireland semi-final. Kilkenny, the All-Ireland champions of 1922, provided the opposition in that game, however, Galway emerged victorious by 5-4 to 2-0. For the first time since the inaugural championship in 1887 Galway had reached the All-Ireland final. Limerick, winners of the All-Ireland semi-final over Donegal, were the opponents, however, the team refused to play until all Civil War prisoners were released. Limerick were initially disqualified and the title awarded to Galway, however, the game eventually took place. Mick Gill’s tactic of dropping the sliothar into the square paid dividends as Galway won the game by 7-3 to 4-5. Not only was it Mahony’s first All-Ireland title but it was also the first time that the county had won the championship.
In 1924 Galway defeated Tipp by a single point to set up an All-Ireland final meeting with Dublin. Mick Gill, who had played with the Galway team for the previous championship, was now a key member of the Dublin team. Galway took an early lead but ‘the Dubs’ got back on level terms when Garrett Howard drove the ball and the Mahony into the net. Dublin also copied Galway’s tactic of dropping the sliothar into the goalmouth, thus securing a 5-3 to 2-6 victory.
In 1925 Galway trounced Kilkenny by 9-4 to 6-0 in the All-Ireland semi-final to set up a championship decider with Tipperary. It was Galway’s third All-Ireland final in-a-row, however, Tipp got off to a great start with two quick goals. Mahony side never recovered and lost the game by 5-6 to 1-5.
The next two seasons saw Galway face defeat in the All-Ireland semi-final, however, the team received special treatment in 1928. That year Galway got a bye into the All-Ireland final without even picking up a hurley. Cork were the opponents on that occasion and trounced Galway by 6-12 to 1-0. Both sides met again in the championship decider of 1929, however, Mahony got off to a bad start as goalkeeper. Mick Ahern scored a goal after just twenty-five seconds for Cork and another rout followed. Cork won by 4-9 to 1-3. This defeat brought Mahony’s inter-county hurling career to an end.

</doc>
<doc id="18335022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335022" title="Heimar de Fátima Marin">
Heimar de Fátima Marin

Heimar de Fátima Marin, RN, MS, Ph.D., FACMI is a nurse who has devoted her professional career to improving patient care using information and communication technologies. She is Full Professor at the Federal University of São Paulo (UNIFESP). 
In 2004 she was elected International Member at the American College of Medical Informatics. Heimar Marin is also the President of Brazilian Society of Health Informatics (2002–2008); Associate-editor of the International Journal of Medical Informatics; and Vice-chair and Elected Chair (2009–2012) of the International Medical Informatics Association Nursing Informatics Special Interest Group (IMIA NI SIG). 
Dr. Marin holds a position as Visiting Professor at Decision Systems Group at Harvard Medical School. She has over 250 publications. As a professor, she has mentored over 20 Ph.D. students, 32 master students, and 85 specialists in health and nursing informatics. Dr. Heimar Marin is a graduate of Nursing and holds a Master and Doctoral Degree in Health Informatics at UNIFESP. She is “Livre-Docente” at the Medical School, State University of São Paulo (FM-USP). She is a fellow in Clinical Computing at the Center for Clinical Computing at Harvard Medical School.

</doc>
<doc id="18335024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335024" title="After the Attack">
After the Attack

After the Attack is a reality television series on Animal Planet. It tells the stories of animal attack victims, recreating each story every episode. The series premiered March 4, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18335052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335052" title="Amityville, Pennsylvania">
Amityville, Pennsylvania

Amityville is an unincorporated community in Berks County, Pennsylvania near the borough of Pottstown. It is located on Old Swede Road in Amity Township.

</doc>
<doc id="18335080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335080" title="Jacob Haight">
Jacob Haight

Jacob Haight (March 4, 1775 or 1776 - ca. 1860 Catskill, Greene County, New York) was an American politician.
Life.
He was a member of the New York State Senate from 1824 to 1827. In 1828, he was among the incorporators of the Catskill and Ithaca Railroad which was never built. He was New York State Treasurer from 1839 to 1842.

</doc>
<doc id="18335087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335087" title="Akhkend">
Akhkend

Akhkend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18335095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335095" title="Aghkend">
Aghkend

Aghkend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18335101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335101" title="Northmannia">
Northmannia

Northmannia, or the "land of the Northmen," was referred as the place were Harthacnut came from according to Adam of Bremen. He may have meant Norway or Normandy which both are related to the Northmen. Northmannia is also mentioned as Conall Cernach levy tributes.

</doc>
<doc id="18335116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335116" title="Station Peixotto (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Peixotto (Tram de Bordeaux)

Peixotto station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location.
The station is located on the avenue Roul in Talence.

</doc>
<doc id="18335117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335117" title="List of Teachers (UK TV series) episodes">
List of Teachers (UK TV series) episodes

This is a list of episodes of the British television sitcom "Teachers", not to be confused with the American sitcom of the same name, which was loosely based on it.

</doc>
<doc id="18335136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335136" title="Baumstown, Pennsylvania">
Baumstown, Pennsylvania

Baumstown is an census-designated place in Exeter Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania, near the borough of Birdsboro. It is located at the junction of U.S. Highway 422 and Pennsylvania Route 345. As of the 2010 census the population of Baumstown was 422 residents.

</doc>
<doc id="18335139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335139" title="J. Chris Griffin">
J. Chris Griffin

J. Chris Griffin is an established producer and mix engineer born in Valdosta, Georgia. He is now living in New York City, operating J Chris Griffin Productions from a private studio at The Engine Room Audio in the Financial District, Manhattan.
Chris has worked on records with a number of popular artists, including Madonna, Kanye West, John Legend, Missy Elliott, Janet Jackson, The Corrs, Mis-Teeq, JoJo, and John McLaughlin. Chris has also worked with Raquel Castro of NBC's The Voice, GLEE's Charice, and is currently mixing Big Tent Revival's newest album.
His personal works can be found throughout network television on prime-time shows in the United States, Australia, United Kingdom, South Africa, Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Mexico. Some major programs featuring Chris’s tracks are CBS’s NCIS, NBC's Dateline and MTV’s Made. His saxophone playing has also been featured on many albums, including one co-written with artist Jeremy Good, entitled "Stories, Fables, and You" available on iTunes.
In addition to making records, Chris is also a Pro-Reviewer for Broadjam, a site where artists have the opportunity to collaborate, interact, and receive feedback from other artists. Chris also conducts private vocal coachings within his studio, prepping young artists for auditions, recording sessions, and live shows, and instructs a recording technology class at New York University's Steinhardt School of Culture, Education, and Human Development.
J. Chris Griffin globally represents Propellerhead, Digidesign, and Sibelius as an artist and clinician and has recently released products paired with M-Audio. Recent engagements include the Monterey Jazz Festival, Luthman Scandinavia Tour and the Main Stage at Winter NAMM 2007 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18335148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335148" title="Akhs">
Akhs

Akhs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18335157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335157" title="Claudia Schmölders">
Claudia Schmölders

Claudia Schmölders, also Claudia Henn-Schmölders (born October 25, 1944 in Heidelberg) is a cultural scholar, author, and translator.
Life.
Schmölders completed a study of music, German studies, and philosophy at the Universities of Cologne, Zürich, Berlin and New York. She attained a Doctorate of Philosophy from the Free University of Berlin in 1973. From 1975 to 1999, she was a freelance publicist, literary editor, and editor for different publishing firms in addition to teaching at the Universities of Cologne, Frankfurt am Main, Hamburg, and Berlin. She was named a Fellow at the Maison des Sciences de l'Homme in Paris in 1991 and at the Institute for Advanced Study, Berlin in 1991/92. She did her habilitation at Humboldt University of Berlin with work on physiognomy and from 1998 until 2008 she served as a private docent at the Institute of Cultural Science of Humboldt University.
As a cultural scholar, Schmölders is concerned with the histories of physiognomy, book culture, politeness, and conversation in Europe. In addition, she has edited literary anthologies and translated literature and children's books.
Since 2000, Schmölders has been a member of P.E.N.-Zentrum Deutschland. She received the 2004 Heinrich Mann Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="18335161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335161" title="The Voyage of the Sable Keech">
The Voyage of the Sable Keech

The Voyage of the Sable Keech is a 2006 science fiction novel by Neal Asher. It is the second novel in the Spatterjay sequence.

</doc>
<doc id="18335165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335165" title="Station Roustaing (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Roustaing (Tram de Bordeaux)

Roustaing station is located on ligne of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location.
The station is situated on the courtyard Gambetta in Talence.
Junctions.
There are no junctions with other tram lines or buses at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18335193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335193" title="StarLight Live">
StarLight Live

Joey Yung's sixth major concert at the Hong Kong Coliseum and third world tour, the venture was a major success gaining positive feedback from fans, musicians/celebrities, DJs, and the media alike; with 14 shows in Hong Kong and 25 shows altogether, StarLight Live marks as Yung's biggest concert series/tour as of 2010. 
Johnnie Walker StarLight Live 2008 (Hong Kong).
The Stage.
The stage was a complex "in the round" stage. The setup included multiple elevators, as well as a glass floor in the centre which was placed above large LED screens. Above the stage was a retractable unit which consisted of four screens facing different sides of the arena as well as four smaller screens beneath it. The set up also consisted of props including cardboard butterflies, rocking horses, as well as a fold-able "glowing ball". Throughout out the concerts, live footage as well as video backdrops/graphics would be displayed on the LED screens. There were also many special lighting effects used in this concert, most notably the innovative use of green lasers which truly gave the concert a light/laser show feel.
The Show.
The show started with Joey being raised by an elevator situated in the middle of the stage (this is to symbolize a music box figurine coming out to perform for only a moment- one song period meaning that Star Light will catch people's attention for a moment and making them want more). While singing "蜃樓", the simple white/yellow lighting turned to a blue lighting theme with the large "unit of screens" being raised above the stage in the middle of the song. After the first song, she was lowered back under the stage while a dancer holding a torch "set off" a short fireworks display. Wearing a costume that looked like a fusion between blazer/workout tights, Joey came back out with her backup dancers to sing "跟珍芳達做健身操" and "Lucky Star". After, she did a quick on stage costume change where she changed into a puffy pink dress that went on top of what she was wearing before. She then sang "怯", "這分鐘更愛你", and "華麗邂逅". This part ended with an abstract animation of a cartoon girl going becoming an "insane" killer attacking people with bombs and tanks. 
The second part started with police sirens and machine gun sounds as Joey and her dancers appeared on stage to sing and dance "逃". Here Joey performed her famous "tilting" move, but for the concert it was changed so that she did it while being lifted off the ground by her dancers. After performing the rearranged concert version of Escape (which included a new dance sequence in between) she performed "心花怒放" and "Lovin U" while shaking hands with the audience.
For the third part, Joey appeared on stage singing "螢" in a "glowing ball". She then sang 啜泣" and "黃色大門" as props came out of the stage like a pop-up book. After, she sang "零時零分" while green lasers made an innovative laser display. 
The fourth part started with an eerie video displayed on the LED screens on the side of an elevated stage followed by Joey singing Mad About You with a mic stand. She then sang "赤地雪" and "告解". After, four female dancers danced with Joey while she was performing "S.O.S". Joey then sang a 15 minute medley consisting of ten of her famous "karaoke songs"/hit ballads. 
The fifth part had Joey sing and dance to a 20 minute medley of her most popular fast songs with all her dancers. This was arguably the most talked about segment of the concert and the atmosphere was at its best. A large portion of the audience were standing up during this part of the concert. 
For the sixth part of the concert Joey sang "我的驕傲", "陪我長大", "爭氣". After these three ballads, she did another on stage costume change so that she could perform the last official song of the concert, a remix of "全身暑假" and "一面之緣", with her backup dancers. 
Following the sixth part was an encore segment, which varied in duration and choice of songs for each show.
Johnnie Walker StarLight Live 2008 Part II (Hong Kong).
Joey and the organizers of this concert did not originally intend on holding a Part 2 in Hong Kong for her StarLight concert series/tour. Originally, the mid-April slots of the Hong Kong Coliseum were reserved for a concert series by labelmates Twins. But due to Gillian Chung's involvement in the Edison photo scandal, the concert had to be postponed/cancelled. In order to not waste these dates, EEG decided to hold a Part 2 for Joey's StarLight concert series. 
The Stage.
The stage for Part 2 was very similar to Part 1. There was a slight change in the shape of the stage though it seemed almost identical. The most notable change was that an even larger area of the stage was covered by glass. Another notable change is the screen above the stage. Instead of the retractable unit of screens used in Part 1, this time the screens were placed together in the shape of a four-point but did not move up and down. Finally, the pop-up book props used earlier were not used (according to Joey they were thrown out right after the concert because no one expected to hold a Part 2) and instead they used fluorescent tubes shaped into a house and a large circle during that particular part of the concert.
The Show.
The rundown for Part 2 was nearly identical to Part 1. The only differences include Joey singing "Dancing With Cats" instead of "Crying", and a slight change in the "Classic Medley". For Part 2, High King surprised the audience again by changing Joey's "tilting move" even more. This time, not only was Joey lifted in the air by her dancers, but they rotated her 360 degrees when doing this move. There were also several changes in the costumes that Joey wore. Instead of the pink and black dress she wore right after "Lucky Star", this time she changed into brown leather dress that resembled a luggage bag. Also, for the white bra-top and jeans costume she wore when performing "Escape", her costumer designer added a sleeve with white strands of fur and a pointy shoulder pad. For the "Glow" segment of the concert, instead of wearing a yellow/black dress with a headpiece, she wore a strapless dress with a flower design and her hair was tied up in a pony tail. As for the blue dress she wore earlier during the "My Pride" segment in Part 1, this time she wore the same dress except that it was pink instead of blue. Also, Joey's hair previously had blue highlights during Part 1, but for Part 2 she had brown/golden highlights.
StarLight World Tour.
the Stage.
The stage for Joey's Malaysia leg of the tour was a lot more simple than the one used in the two Hong Kong legs of the concert series. Instead of a complex "four sided" (in the round/360 degree) stage, she performed on a much smaller "three sided" (180 degree) stage. The stage consisted of one set of stairs and a single elevator in the middle, as well as four metal columns. The lighting used for each song carried the same colour theme, but was considerably more simple. 
The stage for Joey's North American tour was also a "three sided" stage but unlike the stage in Malaysia it also included a large screen which projected video backdrops and live footage, as well as six metal columns hung around the screen. While the stage win Toronto was larger than the one in Malaysia, this time there wasn't an elevator in the middle and Joey entered and left the stage using a flight of stairs at the back of the stage.
the Show.
The show was generally the same as her Hong Kong gig, and the costumes she wore were the same as her Part 2 costumes. The only difference in the rundown was that she did not sing "告解" or "啜泣". During the second night of her Malaysia leg, during the encore segment, she pulled a fan out from the audience which had a sign that asked if she could duet with Joey. The fan was so touched she cried and thanked Joey for making her dream come true. Joey then said that she was happy she was able to help her accomplish this dream and also made a joke, reminding the girl to join her fan club. 
The rundown of her North American leg was changed even more from the rundown of her Malaysian leg. In Toronto they took out 赤地雪, 告解, and S.O.S, replacing it with 阿門 and 跑步機上. The "last part" of the show (with the fluffy dress and the pink + black + white sweater) became the "encore" segment, and for this segment of the show she took out 陪我長大 but instead sang 與蝶同眠. In Toronto, Joey also came out for a second encore where she performed 16 號愛人 as well as 我的驕傲 (which she said that she forgot to sing).
Set list.
This is the general rundown Joey sang for most of the shows, though certain shows had slightly different rundowns. The encore segment of each show changed every night (and a few of the shows did not include an encore segment, though most did). Songs that were sung during the encore segments include 愛一個上一課, 16 號愛人, 阿門, Be True, 痛愛 etc.
Chofy X Miffy.
Joey has always been a big Miffy fan and when thinking of ideas for concert merchandise, she casually mentioned the idea of collaborating with Miffy. Later, her company was able to contact the Dick Bruna head office in Holland and to Joey's surprise they agreed to collaborate and make some concert merchandise for StarLight. For the concert, they created a special edition Chofy x Miffy boxset which included a Chofy doll (the mascot for StarLight which resembles Joey) and an official Miffy doll. Other concert merchandises include a T-shirt with the StarLight logo, a phone strap, and a Chofy T-shirt. It was noted that the concept of the doll was from one of the costumes in "Music is Live - Joey X Grasshoppers" concert earlier that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18335198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335198" title="Yeniyol">
Yeniyol

Yeniyol (Turkic: "new road"), also spelled or Yeniyël or Yeniyel, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18335216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335216" title="Station Barrière Saint-Genès (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Barrière Saint-Genès (Tram de Bordeaux)

Barrière Saint-Genès is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location.
The station is located at Barrière Saint-Genès, between Bordeaux (courtyard de l'Argonne) and Talence (courtyard Gambetta).

</doc>
<doc id="18335217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335217" title="Lopez Lomong">
Lopez Lomong

Lopez Lomong (born January 5, 1985) is a South Sudanese-born American track and field athlete. Lomong, one of the Lost Boys of Sudan, came to the United States at the age of 16 and became a U.S. citizen in 2007.
Lomong's actual birthdate is January 5, 1985, but like all Lost Boys who came to the United States without paperwork, his official birthday is listed as January 1.
Lomong qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 1500 meters at the United States Olympic track and field trials in Eugene, Oregon. He was the flag bearer for the United States during the 2008 Summer Olympics Opening Ceremony.
He is currently a member of Team Darfur, a group of athletes urging China to exert pressure on the Sudanese government to address the War in Darfur. Lomong's autobiography, "Running for My Life", was published in 2012, co-written with Mark Tabb.
Biography.
Lopez Lomong was born Lopepe Lomong in a small village in South Sudan to Awei Lomong and Rita Namana.
Lomong was a victim of the Second Sudanese Civil War. A Catholic, he was abducted at age six while attending Catholic Mass and assumed dead by his family and buried in absentia. He nearly died in captivity, but was helped to escape by others from his village. The four of them ran for three days until they crossed the border into Kenya. Lomong spent ten years in a refugee camp near Nairobi before being moved to the United States through Catholic Charities. His name "Lopez" was a nickname from the refugee camp that he later adopted officially. He was inspired to become a runner after watching Michael Johnson at the 2000 Summer Olympics on television.
Lomong is one of the Lost Boys of Sudan. He was resettled in the United States in 2001 through Catholic Charities with Robert and Barbara Rogers, in New York State. The Rogers have since gone on to sponsor many other Sudanese refugees. Lomong attended Tully High School in Tully, NY, entering at a 10th grade level. In high school, he helped lead the cross country and track teams to sectional and state titles, and later competed for Northern Arizona University. In 2007, Lomong was the division I NCAA indoor champion at 3000 meters and the outdoor champion at 1500 meters. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States on July 6, 2007.
Although he originally assumed his parents had been killed by the Sudan People's Liberation Army, he was reunited with his mother and family, who now live outside Nairobi, in 2003. He first returned to his native village of Kimotong in December, 2006. He returned to Sudan again in 2008 with an organization called Sudan Sunrise to begin construction of the Lopez Lomong School and Reconciliation Church. In early 2009 he traveled back to bring his younger brothers, Alex and Peter, back to the United States to attend school at Fork Union Military Academy.
2008 Summer Olympics.
Lomong qualified for the US Olympic Team on July 6, 2008, one year after gaining his US citizenship. "Now I'm not just one of the 'Lost Boys,'" he told reporters. "I'm an American."
After his success at the collegiate level, Lopez signed a contract with Nike and now competes professionally. He specializes in the 1500m run but is a serious contender in every mid-distance race from 800m up to and including the 5k. Lopez finished 5th in the 800m finals during the 2008 US Olympic Trials, which he ran as part of his training for the 1500m.
Lomong was chosen by the team captains of the US Olympic team to carry the US flag in the Opening Ceremony at the 2008 Summer Olympics Opening Ceremony. The U.S. Olympic team captains said that Lomong deserved the honor of flagbearer because he was so proud of his citizenship.
Lopez is a member of Team Darfur. In the weeks leading up to the Olympics Lomong spoke often about the need to raise awareness for the violence in Darfur. Since his selection as flagbearer he has been careful not to criticize China directly, choosing instead to focus on the inspirational side of his story. "I'm here to compete for my country," Lomong told reporters when they asked questions about human rights. "The Olympics are supposed to bring people together to peacefully blend and I'm looking forward to that and stepping on the track and wearing my colors and representing my country." With reference to China specifically, Lomong answered "Chinese people have been great putting all these things together. It's great being here." 
He was eliminated in the semifinals of the 1500 at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing.
USA Champion.
Lomong won his first national title when he finished first in the 1500 at the 2009 USA Outdoor Championships in 3:41.68. That summer he also finished eighth in the final at the World Athletics Championships. He ran a career best of 3:32.94 that year in the 1500.
In June 2010, Lomong repeated as men's champion by winning the 1500 at the 2010 USA Outdoor Championships in a highly tactical race. He ran the final 400 meters of that race in 51.29 seconds. Later in the summer of 2010, Lomong lowered his personal best at 1500 meters down to 3:32.20 at the Diamond League meeting in Monaco.
2012.
On April 29, 2012, Lomong raced his first ever 5000m at the Payton Jordan Invitational. Despite miscalculating his laps and thinking he had finished when he actually had one lap left, he set a 2012 World Leading time of 13:11.63. Lomong continued his success at the 2012 US Olympic Track & Field Trials. He secured a slot for the 5000m finals after winning his preliminary heat in 13:42.81, just ahead of American record holder Bernard Lagat (13:42.83). In the finals, he placed 3rd behind winner Galen Rupp and runner up Bernard Lagat to secure a spot on his second Olympic team.
On August 8, 2012, Lomong placed 4th in his preliminary heat to qualify for the 5000m finals. In the final, which took place on August 11, 2012, he finished in 10th place. Lomong was part of a strong American performance, with fellow countrymen Bernard Lagat and Galen Rupp placing 4th and 7th, respectively.
2013.
Lomong participated in the NYRR Men's Wanamaker Mile at the 2013 Millrose Games. He won the race in a personal best time of 3:51.21, just ahead of Matthew Centrowitz, a decorated 1500m man. Lomong's time beat the previous Armory track record of 3:53.92 which had just been set in 2012 by Centrowitz as well as the Millrose record of 3:52.87 set by Bernard Lagat.
Lomong surpassed the previous indoor 5000m American Record held by Bernard Lagat at the Armory's last chance meet with a time of 13:07.00.

</doc>
<doc id="18335218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335218" title="Bethel, Berks County, Pennsylvania">
Bethel, Berks County, Pennsylvania

Bethel is a census-designated place in Bethel Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located at the junction of Interstate 78/U.S. Route 22 and Pennsylvania Route 501. It is in the Susquehanna watershed and drained southward into the Little Swatara Creek. Its area code is 717. As of the 2010 census, the population was 499.

</doc>
<doc id="18335232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335232" title="British Housewives' League">
British Housewives' League

The British Housewives' League is a right-wing, non-party group that seeks to act as the voice of the British housewife, providing advice and encouraging active participation in society. The League seeks to defend the UK's independence and constitution, to promote Christian values, and to discourage excessive state control. In the past the League has campaigned against rationing, identity cards, anti-fluoridation campaigns in the 1950s and UK membership of the European Union. 
The newsletter of the League was called 'Housewives Today' and dealt with issues mainly connected with the price, choice and quality of food available.
The League was founded by Irene May Lovelock, née Northover-Smith (1896-1974), who became its first chairman. As a housewife during the Second World War, Lovelock encountered at first hand the problems of rationing, shortages and queueing. Lovelock wrote a memoir of the League but it was never published. In April 1946 Lovelock resigned from the chair of the League to become its president. 
Another prominent chairman of the League was Dorothy Crisp, a journalist and writer of provocative articles in the "Sunday Dispatch". Under her direction it developed a campaigning posture on women, the state and the dangers of socialism similar to that of the Conservative party in the 1940s. Crisp had been a member of the Conservatives and published books promoting both conservatism and Christianity. She had sought the Conservative nomination for the by-election held in Acton in 1943, and when unsuccessful, she stood as an independent candidate. However the League broke ranks with the Conservative Party and moved further to the political right in the later part of the 1940s. She was subject of a patronising article referring to her as "the buxom, brown-eyed, voluble little woman", by Gordon Beckles, published in the 12 July 1947 issue of Leader Magazine under the title of "Housewife of England!". It featured a photo of her giving a speech on behalf of the League.
It has been said that Dorothy Crisp is the historical figure who most resembles Margaret Thatcher. 
Post War 1946 Bread Rationing & Nationalisation.
At its peak the League claimed over 100,000 members, and their collective voice was felt in many rallies against post war bread rationing. Food rationing had been established early on during World War Two. After six long years, this frustration with austerity and state control became a very political issue, particularly among women who, fed up with rationing, longed for some purchasing power and freedom of choice. Meat, bacon, butter, sugar, eggs, tea, cheese, milk, sweets, clothes, petrol were all still restricted.
In February 1946, new cuts were made on poultry and eggs. During the war, bread had never been rationed, it was however introduced in 1946, for two years, to help prevent starvation in Asia and Germany. Bread rationing caused an outcry, particularly from housewives, as post-war 
historian Peter Hennessy, writes: ‘the celebrated British Housewives’ League was already becoming a thorn in ministerial flesh’. By the summer of 1946 over half a million signatures had been collected by the League, under the banner 'Bread: No Ration' petition. The Daily Sketch 3 July 1946 reported one of the League's larger provincial protest march in Cheltenham.
It was this fallout with the Labour (Attlee) Government that led to political change, since many women turned to the Conservative party. Their subsequent election victory in 1951 became for many a statement of discontent with Labour. As one woman expressed it, ‘the last election was lost mainly in the queue at the butcher’s or the grocer’s’ 
During the spring and summer of 1946 intense opposition to bread rationing was led by the Conservative Party (UK), which doubted that the policy was really necessary and that substantial savings in wheat could be made. The Party leadership deplored the added burden placed on consumers and alleged that the government had mismanaged the supply situation. The Conservatives were backed by the right-wing press, which highlighted opposition to bread rationing among bakers as well as the British Housewives’ League. This episode was the first concerted campaign against the Labour government on a major policy issue and marked the beginning of the debate about postwar food policy.” 
As the war ended domestic politics returned to normal. The landslide election victory of the Labour (Attlee) Government in 1945, led the private sector into a series of propaganda campaigns about the threat of nationalisation. These included the so-called Mr Cube Campaign (Tate and Lyle) of 1949/50, against the possibility of the nationalisation of the sugar industry. The 'Aims of Industry', an anti-socialist pressure group formed in 1942 by a group of well-known British industrialists, with representatives from Fords, English Electric, Austin, Rank, British Aircraft, Macdougall's and Firestone Tyres. There were also smaller campaigns by the Cement Makers Federation, the Iron and Steel Federation and by the insurance companies represented by the British Insurance Association. The Road Haulage Association sponsored the anti-nationalisation campaigns by the British Housewives' League, led by Dorothy Crisp.
British Pathé newsreels -reporting British Housewives' protests.
Before television was widely available, short news films was distributed to cinemas' all over the country. People flocked to the cinema to watch newsreels with the latest information or for feature films which allowed them to escape the oppression and austerity of the war for a few hours. By 1946, national cinema audiences peaked at 1.64 billion, with many people going 2 – 3 times a week. 
After World War Two, many of these films were made about women welcoming their men back from the front and being keen to please them. But not all women were happy to ‘muddle along’ or passively accept the status quo. As a number of newsreels from Pathé News illustrate, many women felt empowered to protest at the continued government restrictions and hardship that existed in the immediate post-war years. 
In July 1946, the newsreel featured a crowd of women of the British Housewives League demonstrating about Bread Rationing in Trafalgar Square London. 
The film opens with the title 'July 21' - the date when bread rationing will begin. The news item then reports on protests against bread rationing by women's groups. Mrs Hilda Davis, is named as leading a group setting up a petition against the rationing, calling on an "army of indignant housewives". The film then shows the Food Minister, John Strachey (politician) speaking about improved prospects for North American crops, on his return from the US. The film then states that bread rationing will go ahead on the 21st, despite continued protests. "Vicar's wife and food crusader" Mrs Lovelock is then seen addressing a group of women at a meeting of the British Housewives League. She states that "we, the housewives of Great Britain are in open revolt against bread rationing" and says that rationing will hit the poorest the most and the League will not stand for it. The film then shows a civil servant working in 'bread control' looking at a new bread ration card and finishes with a close-up shot of the ration card and a loaf of bread. The final commentary warns "watch out this doesn't go under the counter". 
ID Cards.
The League's campaign against the Identity Cards issued under the National Registration Act 1939 began on a very wet Saturday in April 1951. Four officers of the British Housewives' League stood outside the Palace of Westminster and tried to burn their papers, following the example of Clarence Willcock. Struggling against the driving rain, only one succeeded; Mrs Beatrice Palmer, of Sidcup, tucked her National Registration Identity Card in a coffee tin and lit it. Within a year the Cards were no more.
They had been protesting "in the hope that attention will be drawn to the increasing pauperisation of the British people". ID cards had been introduced on the outbreak of World War II in 1939. They had also been introduced earlier between 1915-1919, during World War I, but were considered a failure. They were a supposedly short-term emergency war-time measure and, by the 1950s, were deeply unpopular.
Under the Labour (Blair) Government Identity Cards Act 2006 ID cards were again to be gradually reintroduced; most Britons, Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said, should have one by 2017. The British Housewives' League was not happy about that. The now much-diminished organisation's honorary secretary, Lynn Riley was reported as saying "We are animated about this now as we were in the early 1950s," said . "I remember when we joined Europe we were told we wouldn't need our passports to go to France or Spain or Portugal and we thought that was wonderful. What we did not realise is that we would need an ID card to go to Tesco (supermarket). This is a declaration of war by the state on its people," Mrs Riley said. "There is a lot of common ground on the left and the right about this." Initial cards, not yet compulsory, were introduced for those who wanted them in 2009, but the cards were abolished by the Identity Documents Act 2010 after a change of government.
'Lantern' a quarterly magazine of the British Housewives League.
Synopsis of typical issues discussed:
July 1995 'Monetary Union - A Dangerous Experiment': - in Vol. 11, No.4; concerns about the British Governments proposals to join the Euro.
September 2000 ‘Proposed (U.N.) Millennium Assembly': - article by Mona McNee, argues that this will be the largest gathering of heads of states ever assembled in the history of the world. The BHL concerns are that it has been carefully designed to change the world forever and will set the world on a course of global governance under the authority of the United Nations. More than 130 international organisations, called IGOs (intergovernmental organisations), will be consolidated as direct administrative agencies of the new U.N. system. National governments will become administrative units, reporting through the appropriate IGOs, to the supreme authority of the U.N. So MPs will just be civil servants, not our representatives.
January 2004 Is there a link between BSE, CJD and Scrapie? - article by Frances Wolferstan, challenges the official theory the authorities would have us believe is that Scrapie (a brain disease) in sheep can lead to BSE in cattle, which can lead to nvCJD in humans, as a result of humans consuming meat from cattle which have consumed feedstuffs. On the face of it, this theory seems absurd, and it has never been proven. However, this theory threatens powerful chemical companies, as well as military corporations, and government agencies who encouraged farmers to spray their cattle with organo-phosphate chemicals, and so this common-sense theory goes largely suppressed.
October 2006 Common Purpose: 'Although (CP) has 80,000 trainees in 36 cities, 18,000 graduate members and enormous power, 'Common Purpose UK' is largely unknown to the general public. It identifies leaders in all levels of our government, to assume power when our nation is replaced by the European Union, in what they call the 'Post-Democratic Society'. They are learning to rule without democracy, and will bring the EU police state home to every one of us. (Accounts are not published, and members' names are highly secret, but the courses are very expensive; paid out of the public purse. Such leaders are encouraged to act as a network, and their meetings are held under the Chatham House rules of secrecy). It has members in the National Health Service, the BBC, the police, the legal profession, the Church, many of Britain's 8,500 quangos, local councils, schools, social services, the Civil Service, government ministries (it is backed by the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister, John Prescott), Parliament, and it controls many of the Regional Development Agencies'. It was Cressida Dick, the (Common Purpose) senior police officer who authorised the “Shoot to kill” policy without reference to Parliament, the law or the British Constitution. Jean de Menezes was one of the innocents who died (2005) as a result. Her shoot to kill policy still stands today. 
July 2007 The Food Shortage Reality: - article argues that the emerging global agricultural crisis, not only have prices escalated in First World countries, but food aid to less-developed nations is being curtailed. “Food aid programs for children in Indonesia, Mexico, the Philippines and Algeria are likely to be reduced, because of rising costs”. It’s not only donor fatigue that is harming the world food aid effort; it’s the failure of those nations who have given the most aid in the past to maintain their usual production levels.
May 2009 How the EU Parliament Works: - an ‘easy to understand’article for voters in the election for a new European Parliament. The concerns of the BHL is that whatever the unelected European Commission puts forward as a proposal will become law in Britain and the other EU states because there is virtually no way of stopping it. And that means we are ruled not by democracy but by a form of dictatorship known as an oligarchy, dictatorship not by one but by a group. But a dictatorship, none the less.
British Housewives' League Today.
The League has changed its name to British Housewives' Association. It attempts to show that excessive control by the state is not in the interest of a free and happy home-life, or the development of personality in accordance with Christian tradition. Associates include Victoria Gillick, prominent in the 'pro-life' movement and opponent of sex education in schools. 
The present Hon Secretary is Mrs Lynn Riley.

</doc>
<doc id="18335257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335257" title="Walter Kaaden">
Walter Kaaden

Walter Kaaden (1 September 1919 – 3 March 1996) was a German engineer who improved the performance of two-stroke engines by understanding the role of resonance waves in the exhaust system. Working for the MZ Motorrad- und Zweiradwerk part of the Industrieverband Fahrzeugbau (IFA), he laid the foundations of the modern two-stroke engine. His understanding of gas flow and resonance enabled him to make the first engine to achieve 200BHP/litre with his 1961 125cc racer. His motorcycle engines were ridden to 13 Grand Prix victories and a further 105 podium finishes between 1955 and 1976. 
Walter Kaaden was born in Pobershau, Saxony, Germany. His father worked as chauffeur to the sales manager at the DKW factory. At eight years old he attended the opening of the Nürburgring racing circuit, a formative event to which he later attributed his enthusiasm for engineering.
Kaaden studied at the Technical Academy in Chemnitz. In 1940 he joined the Henschel aircraft factory at Berlin-Schönefeld working under Herbert A. Wagner, the designer of the Hs 293 radio-guided rocket-propelled missile. Despite many reports to the contrary, Kaaden did not work on the V-1 flying bomb (the Vergeltungswaffe 1, Fieseler Fi 103) nor under Wernher von Braun on the V-2 German rocket program during the Second World War. From 1943 he worked at the Peenemünde Army Research Center on the Hs 293 project as a 'flight engineer'. But the bombing of Peenemünde in World War II in July/August 1944 destroyed the facilities there. The Germans then moved missile production and testing into the secure, deep tunnel network built beneath the Harz mountains at Mittelwerk. This is where Kaaden was transferred along with the Hs 293 project.
Kaaden was working near Mittelwerk when he was captured and interned by the Americans at the end of the war. He eventually returned to Zschopau to start a timber business specialising in roof trusses that were in great demand to renovate bomb-damaged buildings. Walter Kaaden built his first racing motorcycle, based on the DKW RT125, which he raced himself in local events in his company's workshop.
In 1953, the IFA asked Kaaden to take over the management of the racing department from Kurt Kampf after the IFA 125cc racers had been outclassed by Bernhard Petruschke riding the private ZPH (Zimmermann-Petruschke-Henkel) machine whenever they had met the previous year.
Like IFA, Engineer Daniel Zimmermann (born 1902) based his ZPH engine on the pre-war DKW RT-125 which he heavily modified by adding a disc valve that allowed asymmetric port timing with a longer duration inlet phase. Zimmermann also used a new crankshaft providing 'square' bore and stroke dimensions (54mm x 54mm) and used stuffing rings to boost the primary compression ratio. However, the East German government didn't like the competition between the two East Germans and persuaded Zimmermann to reveal his engine's secrets to Kaaden. The result was the 1953 IFA racer that featured a rotary disc valve - as per Zimmermann - from 1953.
Working with extremely limited resources, Kaaden began to develop the expansion chambers invented by Erich Wolf (the DKW designer) that had first appeared on his 1951 DKW racers. In 1952 Kurt Kampf copied this DKW innovation and fitted them on the IFA racers. Kaaden used an oscilloscope to examine the resonance in the exhaust system and devised profiles to maximise the engine's efficiency. The net result of this development programme was that by 1954, Kaaden's two stroke 125cc racing engine was producing 13 bhp, more than 100 bhp/litre. This engine was further developed to produce 25 bhp at 10,800rev/min.

</doc>
<doc id="18335265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335265" title="Tom Shinny">
Tom Shinny

Tom Shinny (born 1899) was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper with the Limerick senior team. 
Shinny made his first appearance for the team during the late 1920s and remained with the team as first-choice 'keeper and as a substitute for much of the next decade. During that time he won one All-Ireland winner's medals and one National Hurling League winner's medal.
At club level, Shinny played with Fedamore, winning his sole county championship winners' medal in 1927. He also won three Railway Cup winners' medals with Munster.

</doc>
<doc id="18335285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335285" title="Station Bergonié (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Bergonié (Tram de Bordeaux)

Bergonié station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location.
The station is situated on the courtyard of Argonne in Bordeaux.

</doc>
<doc id="18335325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335325" title="Ajaran">
Ajaran

Ajaran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18335326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335326" title="John Foster Fraser">
John Foster Fraser

Sir John Foster Fraser (1868– July 7, 1936) was a British travel author. In July 1896, he and two friends, Samuel Edward Lunn and Francis Herbert Lowe, took a bicycle trip around the world riding Rover safety bicycles. They covered 19,237 miles in two years and two months, travelling through 17 countries and across three continents. He documented the trip in the book "Round the World on a Wheel".
In the UK in 1916 he lectured on "What I Saw in Russia".
Fraser was knighted in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="18335359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335359" title="Florida Water">
Florida Water

Florida Water is an American version of Eau de Cologne, or Cologne Water. It has the same citrus basis as Cologne Water, but shifts the emphasis to sweet orange (rather than the lemon and neroli of the original Cologne Water), and adds spicy notes including lavender and clove. The name refers to the fabled Fountain of Youth, which was said to be located in Florida, as well as the "flowery" nature of the scent.
In the Americas.
According to the current trademark holders, Lanman & Kemp Barclay, Florida Water was introduced by the New York City perfumer (and founder of the original company) Robert I. Murray, in 1808. In 1835 Murray was joined by David Trumbull Lanman and the firm became Murray & Lanman, then David T. Lanman and Co., and in 1861 became Lanman & Kemp. The company states that their product, now sold under the Murray & Lanman brand, still uses the original 1808 formula, and that the current label is also a slightly modified version of the 1808 original.
"Florida Water" was regarded a unisex cologne, suitable for men and women alike. Victorian etiquette manuals warned young ladies against the "offensive" impression made by a strong perfume, but Florida Water and Eau de Cologne were recommended as appropriate for all, along with sachets for scenting the linen and fresh flowers in the corsage. Large quantities were also used by barbershops as cologne and aftershave. In the 1880s and 1890s Murray & Lanman Florida Water was advertised as "The Richest of all Perfumes" and "The most Popular Perfume in the World".
Like other colognes of the era, Florida Water was valued for its refreshing and tonic nature as well as its scent, and could be used as a skin toner or as what we would now call a "body splash". It was also used as a toilet water (eau de toilette), by adding it to the bath or wash-water.
Many baseball teams (particularly it seems in the South) use Florida Water as a refresher during the hot summer baseball months by filling a small lunch sized ice chest with water and ice and a few caps of Florida Water. They then soak rags in the tonic and wipe their pulse points and necks with the soaked rags, providing a very cooling effect to the skin and body.
In China.
Florida Water (花露水) has also been manufactured in China since the turn of the 20th Century, however the most famous is the hundred years old Kwong Sang Hong "Two Girls Brand" of Hong Kong. Once a common household item throughout China, particularly as a refreshing topical application on skins during summer months, "Two Girls" Florida Water remains moderately popular as a 'retro' toiletry product in Hong Kong and southeast Asia, complete with elaborate, nostalgic packaging designs.
After the Communist took over mainland China in 1949, private cosmetic companies were all nationalized, brand names such as "Liu Shen" (六神), "Maxam" (美加净) and "Butterfly" (蝴蝶) were then created and made popular. These products are in low quality when compared with Murray & Lanman and Two Girls.

</doc>
<doc id="18335375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335375" title="Utah State Route 108">
Utah State Route 108

State Route 108 (SR-108) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah that spans in Davis and Weber Counties. The road connects I-15 and Layton to Syracuse and Clinton before terminating at SR-126 in Roy. The entire route is within the Ogden-Clearfield metropolitan area.
Route description.
The route starts out in the city of Layton in Davis County, just east of I-15, initially going west along Antelope Drive, named for Antelope Island, which is accessed via this road. After traveling west for four miles (6 km), the route turns north onto 2000 West, while SR-127 continues west to the island. During its northern stretch, the route passes through the cities of Syracuse and Clinton, before entering Weber County and the city of Roy. In Roy, the route continues north until just after 4800 South, turning to the northeast along Midland Drive. It generally continues in this direction until the northern terminus at SR-126.
History.
The state legislature created SR-108 in 1931, running west from SR-1 (now SR-126) to Syracuse. A 1941 law extended it east from SR-1 to SR-232 in Layton and north from Syracuse to SR-37. As part of a 1969 truncation of SR-37, SR-108 was extended northeast over part of that route to SR-84 (now SR-126). The final change was made in 1996, when the piece between SR-232 and I-15 was given to the city of Layton for widening.

</doc>
<doc id="18335382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335382" title="Going Back to Brooklyn">
Going Back to Brooklyn

Going Back to Brooklyn is an album by American folk and blues singer Dave Van Ronk, released in 1985.
Although Van Ronk was primarily an interpretive singer of traditional folk and blues songs along with covers of the songs of others, he still wrote a number of songs over his long career. "Going Back to Brooklyn" is the only album he made that is devoted entirely to his own compositions. Many of the songs were written, and some recorded, years and even decades previous to this release; however, all of the songs on this release were re-recorded specially for this album.
"Going Back to Brooklyn" was re-released on CD twice, in 1991 by Gazell Records and in 2006 by Hightone Records.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, critic William Ruhlman wrote of the album "Van Ronk is primarily an interpretive singer with a repertoire of traditional folk-blues songs along with covers of the songs of his peers... Even when he writes a well-developed original, he basically adapts one of his favorite folk-blues fingerpicking patterns to accompany a lyric idea... Van Ronk uses his raspy, expressive voice, which contrasts with the sweetness of his guitar playing, to get across harsh, bitter feelings... Going Back to Brooklyn is unique among Dave Van Ronk albums for the portrait it provides of the artist, even if on the surface it sounds like many of this other records." Music critic Robert Christgau called Van Ronk "the most steadfast of the folkies—and the funniest."
Track listing.
All songs by Dave Van Ronk.

</doc>
<doc id="18335398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335398" title="Station Saint-Nicolas (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Saint-Nicolas (Tram de Bordeaux)

Saint-Nicolas station is located on line of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Situation.
The station is located by Argonne in Bordeaux.
It served as the provisional terminus during the partial opening of line B from 15 May to 3 July 2004.
Junctions.
There are no junctions with other tram lines or buses at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18335402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335402" title="Electoral history of Jerry Brown">
Electoral history of Jerry Brown

The electoral history of Jerry Brown, California Governor, Secretary of State, Attorney General; and Mayor of Oakland.
Secretary of State.
California Secretary of State, 1970:
Governor.
1974.
Democratic primary for Governor of California, 1974:
California gubernatorial election, 1974:
1978.
Democratic primary for Governor of California, 1978:
California gubernatorial election, 1978:
2010.
California gubernatorial election, 2010:
2014.
California gubernatorial election, 2014
Democratic Presidential Nominee.
1976.
Democratic Party presidential primaries, 1976:
1976 Democratic National Convention (Presidential tally)
1980.
Democratic Party presidential primaries, 1980:
1980 Democratic National Convention (Presidential tally)
1992.
Democratic Party presidential primaries, 1992
1992 Democratic National Convention (Presidential tally):
Democratic Vice Presidential Nominee.
1980 Democratic National Convention (Vice Presidential tally):
US Senate.
Democratic primary for United States Senate from California, 1982:
California United States Senate election, 1982:
Mayor.
1998.
Oakland, California mayoral election, 1998:
2002.
Oakland, California mayoral election, 2002:
Attorney General.
Democratic primary for California Attorney General, 2006:
California Attorney General, 2006:

</doc>
<doc id="18335420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335420" title="Micro Forté">
Micro Forté

Micro Forté now known as Micro Forté Studios, is an Australian electronic entertainment company with development studios in Canberra, Australia and Sydney, Australia. Founded in 1985 by John De Margheriti at a time when there was little game development presence in Australia, Micro Forté has been closely linked to the growth of the Australian game development industry, with CEO John De Margheriti initiating events such as the Australian Game Developers Conference (AGDC) and founding the Academy of Interactive Entertainment (AIE) which have helped to lift the profile and create a pool of talent for the industry in Australia.
Micro Forté Studios is now primarily a developer of MMO games and virtual world content.
History.
Micro Forté’s first title developed for Electronic Arts and released in 1986 was the "Americas Cup Sailing Simulation" for the Commodore 64 platform. Their second title also developed for Electronic Arts, "Demon Stalkers" was well received following its release in 1987. The sequel "Fire King" was published by SSG Strategic Studies Group in 1989.
For a number of years the company pursued other activities outside the arena of game development, returning in 1994 to game development creating two children’s titles "Nordice" and "Bombs Away".
Micro Forté then developed titles for other international publishers including "Enemy Infestation" (Panasonic/Ripcord), "HotWheels Bash Arena" (THQ), and "Fallout Tactics: Brotherhood of Steel" (Interplay). Their most widely known title, "Fallout Tactics: Brotherhood of Steel" was published by Interplay and was a squad based tactical game based on the Fallout (video game) universe, and achieved scores between 80 and 90 from reviewers and fans alike.
Development of BigWorld Technology.
In 1994 when Micro Forté returned to game development, the company began work on Massively Multiplayer Online Games (MMOG) technology. The research and development work was supported with a grant from the Australian Government and venture capital received through Allen & Buckeridge.
Micro Forté spent a number of years concentrating their efforts on developing a technology capable of supporting multiple platforms with more players able to participate in limitless worlds and in the same space. The culmination of years of research and development resulted in BigWorld Technology, which is now a separate commercial company, and provides game developers a cost effective, stable and complete middleware solution to develop MMOG and virtual worlds.
The BigWorld company was formed in 1999 and the BigWorld Technology Suite was commercialised and launched in 2002. BigWorld is now one of the leading middleware solutions available for developers of online games.
Awards.
The company has been awarded with a number of game and business related awards:

</doc>
<doc id="18335428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335428" title="Edwin J. Vandenberg">
Edwin J. Vandenberg

Edwin J. Vandenberg (September 13, 1918 – 2005) was a chemist at Hercules Inc. and a researcher at Arizona State University. Among his awards were the Priestley Medal in 2003., and the Charles Goodyear Medal in 1991.
Vandenberg is best known for his work at Hercules in the 1950s through the 1970s that included the independent discovery of isotactic polypropylene and the development of Ziegler-type catalysts.

</doc>
<doc id="18335434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335434" title="10-demicube">
10-demicube

In geometry, a demidekeract or 10-demicube is a uniform 10-polytope, constructed from the 10-cube with alternated vertices truncated. It is part of a dimensionally infinite family of uniform polytopes called demihypercubes.
Coxeter named this polytope as 171 from its Coxeter-Dynkin diagram, with a ring on 
one of the 1-length Coxeter-Dynkin diagram branches. 
Cartesian coordinates.
Cartesian coordinates for the vertices of a demidekeract centered at the origin are alternate halves of the dekeract:
with an odd number of plus signs.

</doc>
<doc id="18335444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335444" title="The War With Mr. Wizzle">
The War With Mr. Wizzle

The War With Mr. Wizzle is the fourth installment in the Macdonald Hall Series. Like all the other books, this one was republished in 2003 with new cover art and title ("The Wizzle War"). However, because the book deals largely with technological advancements and talks about computers and software, it had to be rewritten and updated to match how abundant technology is today. For instance, in the 1982 version, the character Mr. Wizzle brings in a large machine-like computer called a Magnetronic 515, which according to Elmer is the most modern computer an institution like Macdonald Hall could have. In the updated 2003 version, the abundance of computers in the school is present but the character Mr. Wizzle comes up with, instead of a new computer, a new software program (called “Wizzleware”) that he's determining to run everything. The book was originally written in 1982 by Gordon Korman.
Plot.
Macdonald Hall starts off the year in a fix due to a new dress code, and Bruno, Boots, and the rest of the ensemble soon find out that a new assistant, Walter C. Wizzle, is instituting the new functions. He institutes a dress code, a demerit system, schedules psychological tests for the students, and worst of all, calls the institute in danger of becoming 'a dinosaur' and starts installing a new software program called Wizzleware (that he wrote himself) to handle all office, school, and teaching functions. The school atmosphere becomes strict and restricted for everyone, including the teachers, staff, and Headmaster Sturgeon. The only person not standing for it is Bruno Walton, who starts up a committee against Wizzle and his functions, and with the gradual help of other students comes up of ways to remove Wizzle from the school. They write a Free Press newspaper, exchange his anticipated printer paper with toilet paper and napkins, and work at night in the gym building a large comic Wizzle balloon. With the help of genius Elmer Drimsdale and a device he created (along with a convincing presentation supporting the "fact" that Wizzle's guest cottage is along a fault line), they give Wizzle earthquakes at night.
But the problems aren't only at Macdonald Hall - across the road at Scrimmage's Finishing School for Young Ladies, Ms. Scrimmage hires a new assistant for herself, Ms. Peabody, who is from the Marines. She turns the school into an army camp with her strict physical training exercises and morning calisthenics.
Both schools have their share of problems and both have their own number of counter-attacks on the assistants. Eventually, Sturgeon, who loathes Wizzle himself, realizes what his students are doing and orders them to stop the harassment and disband the committee, even while he refuses Wizzle's advise to have Bruno expelled for his disrespectful behaviour (although the assistant is unaware of the true scope of the boy's resistance). However, Bruno and Cathy, from Scrimmage's, joining their forces as The Coalition, get the idea to marry the two assistants off. Through romantic talking and dinners they actually manage to get them married, and the two schools turn back to normal.
However, Sturgeon, although pleased at the departure of Wizzle, takes a firm hand at his students' flouting his prohibition of the resistance. He institutes a new school rule forbidding the formation of any student organizations without the approval and participation of the faculty and creates a new committee to order Bruno and his upper echelon comrades in The Committee to wash dishes for a few months as punishment.
Characters.
Bruno Walton The protagonist of the novel. He starts up the committee, all the subcommittees, and then the coalition with Boots and Cathy from Scrimmage's to get rid of Wizzle and then both Wizzle and Peabody.
Boots O'Neal (Melvin O'Neal) Bruno's best friend who at first can't take Bruno's schemes anymore and leaves his committee in fear of getting in trouble (as with everyone else at the beginning).
Walter C. Wizzle The new educational assistant and the primary antagonist of the book. He comes to Macdonald Hall from university with many ideas to revolutionize the way the school works with his ideas, for the sake of progress. His goal is to modernize Macdonald Hall as the school of the future with his software program and rules based on his psychological research. As a result of his teaching methods the school atmosphere becomes tense and rigid due to his dress code and the teachers don't like him, including the Headmaster, Mr. Sturgeon, who has an intense dislike of the man. The students won't tolerate him as long as he's at the school.
William R. Sturgeon The headmaster of Macdonald Hall. He is a firm but kind headmaster who privately harbors admiration for his students. He dislikes Mr. Wizzle's methods and demeanor right from the beginning, but still punishes the boys for their activities against Wizzle, becoming the anti-hero of the book. He later at the end punishes the boys for their activities and has them wash dishes until April as punishment.
Miss Scrimmage The headmistress of the girls' school across the road. Very old-fashioned, she hires an assistant who goes on to take over the school as a more strict physical education facility
Gloria Peabody An ex-marine from Fort Constitution (a marine training camp) who becomes Ms. Scrimmage's assistant and the secondary antagonist of the novel. She enforces strenuous physical activities as punishments and has a very harsh personality. She enforces military-like activities like a march and war games.
Gavin Gunhold.
The name "G. Gavin Gunhold" makes an appearance in this book as a fictitious student used as a ploy to befuddle Wizzle. Gunhold was a poet from "A Semester in the Life of a Garbage Bag". The name Gunhold has appeared in other works by Korman. On page 10, the character is called "C. Gavin Gunhold", but this is just a typo.

</doc>
<doc id="18335485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335485" title="Blandon, Pennsylvania">
Blandon, Pennsylvania

Blandon is a census-designated place in Maidencreek Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located at the junction of Pennsylvania Route 73 and Park Road. As of the 2010 census, the population was 7,152 residents.

</doc>
<doc id="18335489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335489" title="Alternated hypercubic honeycomb">
Alternated hypercubic honeycomb

In geometry, the alternated hypercube honeycomb (or demicubic honeycomb) is a dimensional infinite series of honeycombs, based on the hypercube honeycomb with an alternation operation. It is given a Schläfli symbol h{4,3...3,4} representing the regular form with half the vertices removed and containing the symmetry of Coxeter group formula_1 for n ≥ 4. A lower symmetry form formula_2 can be created by removing another mirror on a order-4 peak.
The alternated hypercube facets become demihypercubes, and the deleted vertices create new orthoplex facets. The vertex figure for honeycombs of this family are rectified orthoplexes.
These are also named as hδn for an (n-1)-dimensional honeycomb.

</doc>
<doc id="18335493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335493" title="USS Bali (ID-2483)">
USS Bali (ID-2483)

USS "Bali" (ID 2483) was a large Dutch freighter seized in New York City by the U.S. Customs Service during World War I. She was assigned to the U.S. Navy and later the U.S. Army as a cargo ship to be used to carry military cargo to Allied forces in France. After a number of transatlantic voyages, she was returned to the Dutch government at war’s end. She subsequently remained busy transporting cargo until World War II, when she was wrecked by Luftwaffe bombers in the Mediterranean. Her remains were reclaimed and disposed of by scrapping in 1951.
Seized by U.S. Customs.
"Bali" - a single screw steel-hulled freighter completed in 1917 at Rotterdam, the Netherlands by the Rotterdam Dry Dock Co. for the Stoomvaart Mattschappij Nederland — was seized by customs officials at New York City under Proclamation 1436 of 20 March 1918 (40 Stat. 1761); inspected by the Navy at New York on 23 March 1918; assigned the identification number (Id. No.) 2483; and commissioned at New York on 27 March, Lt. Comdr. Norman Ferguson, USNRF, in command.
World War I service.
Assigned to NOTS.
Assigned to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS) on an Army Account, "Bali" began loading cargo less than two hours after going into commission. She completed the evolution, as well as the bunkering of her fuel, by 1630 on 1 April 1918. Sailing two hours later to chase and join a convoy that had left the harbor five hours earlier, "Bali" developed engineering difficulties that compelled her to anchor off Tompkinsville, Staten Island, to carry out repairs.
First voyage to France.
Underway again on 9 April with another convoy, "Bali" still failed to maintain speed well enough to keep pace, and she had to put in at Halifax, Nova Scotia, for repairs on 16 April. She resumed her voyage once again on 28 April; and this time, "Bali" reached Brest, France, on 14 May despite a rough passage.
She steamed thence to St. Nazaire the following day, but a crowded harbor kept her waiting for a berth. Finally able to discharge a portion of her cargo, she left St. Nazaire for Nantes on 6 June, where labor conditions were such that German prisoners of war had to be employed working the ship's hatches during the unloading process. She finished working her cargo and proceeded down the Loire River early in the evening of 15 June. "Bali" joined a convoy the following day and, after returning briefly to Brest on 16 June, sailed for the United States on the afternoon of 18 June. She reached Hoboken, New Jersey, on 2 July.
Second voyage to France.
Taking on board 6,759 tons of general cargo, "Bali" put to sea for Hampton Roads, Virginia, on 18 July and reached her destination the next day, mooring alongside the battleship USS "Mississippi" (BB-41) at the Norfolk Navy Yard. While in the yard, "Bali" received her main and secondary batteries, a 5-inch gun and a 6-pounder that had originally been installed on board the battleship USS "Arkansas" (BB-31) and the cruiser USS "Raleigh" (C-8), respectively. Moving out of the yard on the morning of 21 July, she joined a convoy and sailed that afternoon for France.
On 8 August, a few days before arriving at her destination, "Bali" observed a steamer on her starboard side sounding a submarine warning and opening fire on a “suspicious object” in the water. "Bali" opened fire with her forward gun, but apparently neither ship scored any hits. Dropping anchor in Quiberon Bay on 10 August, she proceeded thence first to La Pallice and then to Bordeaux on 13 August. After unloading her cargo, the freighter sailed for New York on 21 August and reached that port on 5 September.
Third voyage to France.
Sent to Hoboken on 6 September, the ship loaded 6,887 tons of general cargo and underwent repairs to her engines. Following a trial trip on 16 September, she sailed on 18 September for France. Reaching Verdon Roads on 5 October, "Bali" unloaded a portion of her cargo to a barge before mooring to a dock at Bordeaux on 9 October to finish unloading. She had to wait a number of days for a return convoy to be formed, but "Bali" finally sailed west again on the afternoon of 24 October and arrived back in New York on 7 November.
Transporting horses to France.
Word of the impending armistice with the Central Powers delayed the installation of stalls to enable her to serve as a horse transport. Three days after the armistice, however, she was docked at the Bush Docks in Hoboken, New Jersey, where modifications were made to accommodate 600 horses. "Bali" took the animals on board soon thereafter and loaded 2,551 tons of general cargo before sailing for France on 30 November. Reaching Verdon Roads on 14 December, the ship then proceeded up the Gironde River to Bordeaux on 16 December, where she discharged her cargo and loaded steel rails for ballast. She stood back down the river two days after Christmas of 1918, bound for the United States.
Bali collides off Sewall’s Point.
"Bali" dropped anchor in Hampton Roads late on 11 January 1919, and shifted to a mooring at Newport News, Virginia, the following day. There, workmen came on board and removed the horse stalls on 13 and 14 January. On the afternoon of 15 January, "Bali" entered the yard at the Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Co., where her guns were removed.
From there, she proceeded to the Engineer Depot dock at Lambert’s Point on 23 January, where she unloaded the steel rail ballast she had carried from France. The ship then shifted to a berth off Sewall’s Point on 28 January. The next day, a flood tide and a strong breeze caused her to drag her anchors and drift down on the freighter "Bonafan". The collision caused no great damage to either ship, and "Bali" steamed away under her own power. After coaling on 31 January, the freighter sailed for Baltimore, Maryland, on 3 February.
Transfer to the Shipping Board.
Having been transferred from the NOTS Army Account to the Shipping Board Account on 1 February 1919, "Bali" reached Baltimore on 4 February and loaded 7,458 tons of Food Administration flour, peas, and beans earmarked for European relief. Then, having had “otter gear” installed for minesweeping at that port, she departed Baltimore for Denmark on 14 February. Reaching Copenhagen on 7 March, "Bali" unloaded her cargo and sailed for the British Isles on 20 March. Proceeding via the Kiel Canal and Heligoland, she reached Yarmouth on 23 March to await a pilot; proceeding thence to Harwich and Plymouth, she reached the latter port on 25 March. She remained there until 29 March, when she sailed, in ballast, for the United States.
"Bali" made port at New York City on 10 April, mooring at Jersey City, New Jersey that same afternoon. Moving thence to the Morgan Pier on 17 April and Shewan’s Drydock on 19 April, she underwent repairs on 19 and 20 April.
Final war support voyage.
After that, "Bali" moved to the West Shore Railroad dock on 22 April and loaded a cargo of lard and flour. She sailed for Europe on 29 April. Touching briefly at Falmouth, England, on 11 May for sailing orders and onward routing, she pushed on the next day, reaching Hamburg, Germany, on the morning of 16 May.
Decommissioning.
Arriving at Amsterdam on the morning of 24 May, Bali entered the Amsterdamsche Drydock Company drydock on 27 May. She was decommissioned at Amsterdam on 30 May 1919 and was returned to her owners. Her name was struck from the Navy list simultaneously.
Subsequent destruction in World War II.
Stoomvaart Maatschappij Nederland operated "Bali" until sometime in 1932 when she was acquired by Georges Portolo. Her port of registry then became Ithaca, Greece and she was renamed "Max Wolf". The freighter operated under Greek colors until bombed by German planes off the coast of France between Roque and Berville, and two of her crew killed, on 9 June 1940. Run aground to prevent her sinking, the wreck was used as a bombing target by the Luftwaffe during the German occupation of France. The wreck was subsequently broken up for scrap about 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="18335564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335564" title="Zopa">
Zopa

Zopa is the world's oldest and Europe's largest peer-to-peer lending service. Zopa peer-to-peer lending works by bringing together individuals who have money to lend, and individuals who wish to borrow money. Instead of going through traditional banks, borrowers looking for low rate loans are matched with savers looking for higher interest on their savings. The name, Zopa, stands for "zone of possible agreement", a negotiating term identifying the bounds within which agreement can be reached between two parties.
Overview.
Launched in 2005, and likened to eBay and Betfair by the UK press, Zopa was one of the first companies in an emerging group of peer-to-peer services enabled by the internet. It was set up by a management team drawn from many of those that founded Egg in the UK. The company is based in London and backed by Benchmark Capital and Wellington Partners.
In 2006 the Social Futures Observatory published a study entitled "Internet Based Social Lending", which seeks to understand the antecedents of social lending, drawing parallels with friendly societies. The study used Zopa as a major source of case study material.
Zopa operates in the United Kingdom. It used to operate in Italy, Japan and the USA, each under a slightly different model. However, the overseas operations have now either closed down or been spun off.
Zopa by country.
United Kingdom.
Customers can be a "Lender", a "Borrower" or both. Requests to borrow are matched to offers to lend in a number of 'Markets' of which there are currently three. A separate system, known as 'Listings', was discontinued in July 2011.
A potential borrower is graded by risk by the credit reference agency Equifax. The current risk bands are A*, A and B. Bands C and Y (standing for Young, for borrowers aged between 20 and 25, who have not yet established a credit history) were discontinued for new loans in mid-2012. After initial online credit checking, borrowers also get full underwriting checks by humans and many applications are rejected by the very strict checks at this stage.
There have been various loan terms over the years but as of late May 2012 these are simplified to just two - 'short' (24/36 months) and 'long' (48/60 months). In early 2013 short was amended to include 12 month as well as 24 & 36 month loans. As of July 2013 lenders' money is matched with borrowers only after the final underwriting is complete, to improve the matching process between available funds from lenders and loans ready to be disbursed.
The system will match money from lenders who are prepared to offer their money to potential borrowers as a function of the risk and loan term, hence the name Zone of Possible Agreement. Lenders are matched to a variety of loan terms and risks to spread out risk and get an average return that is better than a savings account. Matching is done on a many-to-one basis, so that each borrower's loan is spread across many lenders, thus reducing the effect of any defaults on each lender. Currently, a lender can choose how much they wish to lend to any one particular borrower, in multiples of £10, with £10 being the minimum they can lend to any one borrower.
For borrowers the loans are very flexible, allowing variation of monthly payments (providing it is above that of their usual repayment amount, which will always stand until the full repayment of the loan) and early repayments without penalty. Paying more in any given month decreases the amount of interest paid over the life of the loan and also allows the loan to be paid off more quickly. Indeed, many borrowers are able, and do, pay off their loans before the end of the loan.
For lenders, their money is committed for the duration of the loan, though early exit is possible in certain circumstances using a system known as 'Rapid Return' to transfer loans to other lenders. As well, borrowers repay lenders monthly, so the lender's full investment in Zopa begins receiving monthly repayments as soon as loans are formed. Lenders can choose to 'recycle' repayments into other loans as they are formed, or keep the money in a holding account. To maximise returns, many lenders choose to recycle their monthly repayments. For Rapid Returns, lenders can only choose this option on loans which have not had any late payments by the borrower. The lender who takes on a rapid return loan gets the interest rate which is already on the loan; therefore by accepting rapid return loans, a lender can get higher rates than they are offering. Some lenders even drop their rates when they have under the minimum amount for new loans (£10) in their holding account in the hope of catching a rapid return loan, so as their money is lent out more quickly.
Since the launch of Safeguard in May 2013, bad debt risks for lenders have been eliminated. If a borrower defaults, the debt is normally sold to a debt collection agency. Approved Zopa loan customers currently have better credit profiles than the UK average. Zopa publishes bad debt forecasts as well as actual outcomes, which reveal that outcomes are generally better than forecast. Between 2010 and 2013, the default rate was lower than 0.30%. However, loans issued in 2008 (a time of economic crisis) experienced bad debt at almost double the forecast rate.
Both borrowers and lenders are charged fees by Zopa. Borrower fees are currently between zero and £190, allowing Zopa to strategically manipulate the overall cost (in terms of representative APR) of loans in different markets. New lenders currently pay an annual fee of 1% of the amount lent, which is deducted monthly from the lender's account. The lender fee was 0.5% for lenders who joined before August 2008. Founder members are exempt from the lender fee.
In times when the Bank of England base rate is above 0.75%, Zopa also pays lenders interest on the balance in their holding accounts. The holding account interest rate is equal to the Bank of England base rate - 0.75%, with a floor of zero. Due to the current financial situation (May 2012) and the Bank of England base rate being below 0.75%, there is currently no interest being paid to lenders for money in their holding account. The interest is paid monthly.
The discontinued "listings" worked by borrowers writing a small application, which was published on the website in the listings section, detailing often in a personal style how much they would like to borrow, what kind of rate they are looking for, why they are a reliable borrower, and often what the money is required for. The lenders could then pledge money to the borrower, in multiples of £10 and at a rate set by the lender. The listing then remained for a predetermined length of time. Once this time period was up, the borrower received a report detailing the rate of the loan their listing has achieved. Often, as the listing aged, the average rate on the loan would drop, as more lenders tried to lend money to the borrower, as only the lowest pledges are included in the resulting loan. Many initial lenders would lend at a very high rate in a hope they will be included in the loan. Offering a higher rate if the loan has already been totally pledged was often futile as the lower rates offered by others would be preferentially used to make up the total of the loan.
As of May 2013, Zopa had lent over £300m; £400m by Oct 2013, putting it ahead of other competitors in the UK.
In August 2011 Zopa joined with Funding Circle and Ratesetter to launch the Peer 2 Peer Finance Association to act as a trade body for the UK's peer-to-peer financial industry.
In December 2012 Jacob Rothschild invested in the company, the UK Government declared they would become a lender of money to sole traders through the platform 
and that it would be regulated by the successor to the FSA. Bank of England Director, Andy Haldane, stated that peer-to-peer lenders could challenge the banks 
Safeguard.
In May 2013, Zopa announced the launch of its Safeguard lending option, which provides lenders with protection in the event that a borrower defaults. Unlike similar schemes in the industry, such as Ratesetter's Provision Fund which has operated since 2010, Safeguard only covers full defaults, with no protection offered for missed individual payments. Interestingly, Zopa requires lenders choosing to use Safeguard to accept the Zopa tracker rate, rather than allowing the lender to choose the rate and risk class at which they wish to lend. This is in contrast to similar peer-to-peer lending schemes, such as those operated by Ratesetter. As Zopa Safeguard has only recently been established, there is as yet there no information available about the size of the fund or its ability to cover expected bad debt.
In June 2013 Zopa announced that all new lending offers must be made through the Safeguard scheme only.
United States.
Zopa launched in the US in partnership with six Credit Unions on December 4, 2007 but it closed to new business on October 8, 2008 due to Zopa's concern that the bad debt rates of new borrowers could potentially rise beyond acceptable levels as the economic situation deteriorated in the US.
The US model was significantly different from that elsewhere due to regulatory restrictions. Customers could be "Investors" or "Borrowers".
Borrowers could obtain a loan via Zopa from one of the Credit Unions. Borrowers would then post a profile on Zopa giving some details about themselves.
Investors bought a Zopa Certificate of Deposit. Investors were able to help borrowers by offering them a slice of the return on their CD, reducing the amount of interest the borrower had to pay. If enough investors helped a single borrower then all of their repayments could be covered.
Italy.
Zopa Italy runs a very similar model to that of Zopa UK, with the exception that the fees to borrowers are a function of their risk.
On July 10, 2009, Zopa was written off from the Italian financial brokers register by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance, on indication by the Italian Central Bank. Zopa Italy suspended new admissions but continued to manage existing loans. After this Zopa Italy terminated its ties with Zopa in December 2011 and changed its brand name to Smartika. Smartika received a new authorization as a Payment Institute by the Italian Central Bank in February 2012 and restarted operations in March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18335583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335583" title="Joe Cannon (baseball)">
Joe Cannon (baseball)

Joseph Jerome Cannon (born June 13, 1953) is a former outfielder in Major League Baseball. He grew up in Anne Arundel County in Maryland and was a first round draft pick by the Houston Astros in , Cannon spent parts of four seasons in the majors with the Astros and the Toronto Blue Jays.
Upon his retirement as a player, Cannon became a minor league coach and manager. He is currently the field coach for the Frederick Keys, the Carolina League affiliate of the Baltimore Orioles.

</doc>
<doc id="18335588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335588" title="Karl E. H. Seigfried">
Karl E. H. Seigfried

Karl E. H. Seigfried (born 8 March 1973) is a German-American jazz, rock, and classical bassist, guitarist, composer, bandleader, writer and educator based in Chicago.
Seigfried has performed and taught on the double bass "in virtually all musical styles - from classical to avant garde jazz." His projects in Chicago and his wide-ranging collaborations have largely been centered on an effort to promote multiculturalism in music. Critics have compared his double bass approach to those of Malachi Favors, Henry Grimes, Charlie Haden, Charles Mingus, and Sirone.
Outside of his work in music, Seigfried writes and teaches as a Norse mythologist.
Performing.
In his role as jazz bassist, Seigfried is one of the innovative Chicago jazz musicians who have come to public attention since the early 1990s; this new generation (including David Boykin, Jeff Parker, and Jim Baker) "embraces a wide variety of styles and techniques." Seigfried has performed with a broad range of modern jazz performers, including Robert Barry, Anthony Davis, Jimmy Ellis, Henry Grimes, Peter Kowald, and Bobby McFerrin. Although not a member of the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians, Seigfried has performed with members from all generations of the Chicago organization, including Fred Anderson, Gerald Donovan / Ajaramu, David Boykin, Ernest Dawkins, Fred Hopkins, Aaron Getsug, George Lewis, Nicole Mitchell, Roscoe Mitchell, Jeff Parker, Avreeayl Ra, and Isaiah Spencer. He has also played double bass with several notable big bands, including the Glenn Miller Orchestra, the Dick Jurgens Orchestra, and the AACM Great Black Music Ensemble. In 2008, he performed a duet for jazz bass and live drawing with British comic book artist Boo Cook for the Third Annual Chicago Calling Arts Festival in Chicago. He currently leads the New Quartet and the Seigfried Trio.
In the classical world, Seigfried is member of the Chicago Sinfonietta and performed with them for collaborations with Poi Dog Pondering and Muddy Waters guitarist John Primer. He is Principal Bassist of the Chicago Sinfonietta Chamber Ensemble and has been featured in their collaborations with Adler Planetarium & Astronomy Museum, Shedd Aquarium, and Joffrey Ballet. As Principal Bassist of the Peoria Symphony Orchestra, he has led the bass section behind soloists Emanuel Ax, Joshua Bell, Evelyn Glennie, Hilary Hahn, Sharon Isbin, Yo-Yo Ma, Mark O'Connor, and Itzhak Perlman. He is also Principal Bassist of the Heartland Festival Orchestra and has recorded and performed as the Principal Bassist of the New Black Music Repertory Ensemble. A member of the Rockford Symphony Orchestra, he often plays principal, jazz, and electric bass for the group. He played bass for the Chicago premieres of both the Lord of the Rings Symphony and the Music of Final Fantasy.
In rock, Seigfried plays lead guitar for the Soul Power Trio and bass and guitar for the alternative country band the Lost Cartographers. He is a member of the space rock supergroup Spirits Burning, which features members of Hawkwind, Blue Öyster Cult, Citizen Fish, Gong, Jefferson Starship, Psychic TV, Soft Machine, The Tubes, and Van der Graaf Generator; their psychedelic cover of "Ace of Spades" (featuring Seigfried on upright bass with Hawkwind vocalist Bridget Wishart) was included on the 2008 Motörhead tribute album "Sheep in Wolves' Clothing."
Recording.
Seigfried's recordings include the trio albums, "Boykin, Seigfried, & Reed" and "Portrait of Jack Johnson"; the album of solo bass, "Criminal Mastermind"; and the work for mixed quartet, "Blue Rhizome"; all of which feature his original compositions. The first trio recording (with saxophonist David Boykin and drummer Mike Reed) has been described as "the true definition of the Chicago avant-garde. Their music sometimes floats calmly like a river and sometimes swings with great violence." The solo recording demonstrates that Seigfried's "musical influences, as heard in his playing, are many and varied: the listener will detect styles such as jazz, classical, old guitar-based rural blues (think Robert Johnson), perhaps even traditional Japanese music." Of the quartet recording, "ein grosses Thema des Albums auch in musikalischer Hinsicht ist das Überschreiten von Grenzen und das Hinterfragen der eigenen Werturteile"("a large theme of the album, also in a musical respect, is the transcending of borders and the questioning of our own value judgements"). "Portrait of Jack Johnson" features "The Boxing Bassist Suite," which includes musical portraits of three twentieth-century boxing champions who were also jazz bassists: Jack Johnson, Archie Moore, and Ezzard Charles; the album cover was painted by British comic book artist Boo Cook and designed by American comic book graphic company Comicraft. It was named a Top 10 Album of 2010 by the editor of Jazziz Magazine, received four stars from Down Beat Magazine and was named "Editor's Recommended New Release" by the New York City Jazz Record.
Writing and Teaching: Music and Mythology.
Seigfried holds a doctorate in Double Bass Performance, and his treatise on Wilbur Ware is the only scholarly work on the African-American Chicago bassist. His teachers included Jimmy Cheatham, Richard Davis, Carol Kaye, and Bertram Turetzky. Seigfried is currently working with Bertram Turetzky on the pioneering double bassist's autobiography. Seigfried is Bass & Guitar Faculty at Carthage College and Music Faculty at Loyola University Chicago's School of Continuing and Professional Studies. He previously held music faculty positions at Knox College, Rock Valley College, and Western Illinois University.
Seigfried holds a degree in Literature (American, English, and German) from University of California, San Diego, studied Art and Literature at Loyola University Chicago's John Felice Rome Center, and has spent time researching Norse mythology and religion in Iceland. He is Norse Religion Faculty at Carthage College, where he teaches in the Religion Department. He teaches Norse mythology at Loyola University Chicago's School of Continuing and Professional Studies and at the Newberry Library. His scholarly work on Norse mythology appears at The Norse Mythology Blog; the website was a finalist for "Best Weblog About Religion" in the 2011 Weblog Awards. In 2010, Seigfried presented a paper titled "Wagner & Wotan: The Ring Cycle & Norse Mythology" at the Wagner Society of America, and his essay "Stephen Hawking: The Myths and the Critics" was featured at the Joseph Campbell Foundation. He is a member of the Society for the Advancement of Scandinavian Study, the Viking Society for Northern Research, and the Religion Newswriters Association.
Seigfried is also a long-time writer on boxing for East Side Boxing.
Discography.
As leader:
As a sideman:

</doc>
<doc id="18335599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335599" title="Minitrack">
Minitrack

The Minitrack Network, was the first U.S. satellite tracking network to become operational, in 1957. It was used to track the flights of Sputnik, Vanguard, Explorer, and other early space efforts. Minitrack was the progenitor of Spacecraft Tracking and Data Acquisition Network (STADAN) and the Manned Space Flight Network (MSFN).
Origins.
When the proposals for satellites floated in the mid 1950s, the question of tracking them naturally arose. Three approaches were considered:
The optical and radar approaches did not require a cooperative target, but had the major problem of acquisition, or finding the target in the first place, since they had very small fields of view. The NRL proposal needed a transmitter on the target, but could easily measure a target anywhere in a wide field of view. The NRL proposal was accepted and turned into the basis of the Minitrack stations.
From a NASA history document:
In early April 1955, Milton Rosen, John Mengel, and Roger Easton assembled informally at NRL and generated a document entitled, "Proposal for Minimum Trackable Satellite (Minitrack)." No date and no authors are listed on this key report; but, according to Rosen, it preceded only by a few days a more formal report with the title, "A Scientific Satellite Program," April 13, 1955, and written by the NRL Rocket Development Branch. Appendix B of this document was labeled, "The Minitrack System" and was nearly identical to its predecessor of a few days. The name "Minitrack" now appearing for the first time on paper, was coined by John Mengel.
Development.
The original proposal had only a single pair of stations. However, this was soon realized to be insufficient. From the NASA history:
Before the end of 1955, ideas changed drastically.
First, it was realized that a single pair of stations would
provide very limited geographical coverage, rendering data
acquisition difficult and the accumulation of orbital data
very slow. Four pairs of stations across the southern U.S.
were next proposed. The idea of a "radio fence" was implicit
in this suggestion; i.e., the creation of a long chain of
overlapping antenna patterns that the satellite must intersect
frequently. The trouble was that the planned orbital
inclination of the Vanguard satellite would keep it away
from the southern U.S. too much of the time. The next logical
step was the construction of a long north-south fence
that the satellite would pass through on almost every orbit.
But the Vanguard program could not financially support a
long chain of paired stations; besides, further thought
soon showed that complete orbital data could be computed
from angular (interferometric) tracking alone. These changes
in thinking manifested themselves in a report describing a
chain of nine single Minitrack stations strewn along the
75th meridian. To the regret of some engineers, ranging
and velocity-measuring capabilities were dropped.
The technical desirability of Minitrack stations on
foreign soil was one thing; more formidable were site negotiation,
site preparation, and logistics. The situation was
particularly acute in South American countries that were
sensitive about U.S. bases and where transportation and communication
facilities were primitive. Unfortunately, Minitrack
stations required radio-quiet spots which are usually
not coexistent with the also-desired communication links and
supply facilities.
The Site Selection Team had picked six South American
locations: Havana, Panama, Quito, Lima, Antofagasta, and
Santiago; but who would undertake the imposing task of setting
up stations outside the United States proper? The U.S.
Army, by virtue of its IAGS experience, was the logical
choice. In September 1956, the Army Chief of Engineers
initiated construction at the six sites at the request of
NRL. More specifically, the task fell to the specially
created Project Vanguard Task Force of the Army Map Service.
It should be mentioned here that the South American sites,
though near large cities, were generally some distance from
modern facilities and their associated radio noise. The
isolation and primitive conditions caused logistics and operator
morale problems in early days.
The Minitrack sites in the continental U.S. were established
with greater ease. The Navy set up and operated
the Blossom Point and San Diego stations; the latter being
at the Brown Naval Auxiliary Air Station, near Chula Vista, California, and operated by the Naval Electronics Laboratory.
The stations downrange from Cape Canaveral were set up in
cooperation with Great Britain and operated by the U.S. Navy
and Air Force. After deliberation over tracking requirements,
logistics, and support facilities, Antigua and Grand Turk were finally chosen for downrange stations instead of
the initially planned Barbuda and Mayaguana.
The Blossom Point station, just 56 km southeast of
Washington, went into operation in July 1956, and was soon
employed as a training headquarters for Minitrack operators
and as a test facility for Minitrack equipment. During the
IGY and after, many foreign nationals took the Minitrack
course at Blossom Point. In fact, the willingness of NRL
and NASA to employ and train foreign nationals at the Minitrack
and STADAN stations greatly eased the task of placing
U.S. facilities on foreign soil. Minitrack stations have
"earned their keep" many times over as non-political, nostrings-
attached representatives of the United States. 28
The full Minitrack network of ten stations was placed
in operation during October 1957, with the eleventh, at
Woomera, Australia, added a month later. It should already
be evident that the Minitrack network was not a static thing.
Stations were added and subtracted as the space program required.
Bigger satellites with more transmitter power made
stations such as Antofagasta redundant. Political harassment
in Cuba made it apparent as early as September 1957
that the Havana station would probably have to be moved.
Technical problems.
Although a Minitrack station could measure the angles to the satellites very accurately, using this information to determine an orbit required additional work.
Minitrack and sputnik.
By October 1, 1957, Minitrack was complete except for
the checkout of some teletype links and the calibration of
some stations. Three days later, Sputnik 1 began crossing
the Minitrack fence every 96 minutes; but it was transmitting
at 20 and 40 MHz. Minitrack operators knew Sputnik 1
was passing overhead but could not track it with 108-MHz
interferometers.
Sputnik 1 was transmitting in the amateur radio bands
and getting good publicity as hams all over the world picked
up the signals. Army radio engineers and many amateurs spent
the night of October 4 building and modifying their equipment
for Doppler tracking. Crude orbital data were available
within a day. At NRL, the minitrack team had already
begun to modify Minitrack for 40-MHz reception. Alerted by
radio announcements of the Sputnik launching, they burned
the midnight oil cutting 40-MHz dipoles and planning network
modifications. 40-MHz crosses were quickly installed at
Blossom Point, San Diego, and Lima; and, later, at Santiago
and Woomera. In several days, good tracking data were being
received. Sputnik 1 and Sputnik 2, in fact, gave Minitrack
good shakedown runs.
Midlife: 1958-1962.
When the US satellites Explorer and Vanguard were launched a few months later, Minitrack was able to track them easily. This worked sufficiently well that the Minitrack interferometers also formed the basic tracking method of the succeeding STADAN network.
The last prime IGY Minitrack station went operational
at Woomera during October 1957. Outside of some minor shuffling
and addition of sites and the rebuilding of temporary
installations, no major changes were made to Minitrack until
the big 26-m paraboloidal antenna was installed at the new
Fairbanks site in May 1962. [...] During this period, the Minitrack network
easily tracked the few, relatively simple scientific
satellites that passed overhead. It was a time of intense
planning, research, and development as the Nation planned
space programs that would soon saturate Minitrack's capabilities.
Transformation into STADAN.
As satellites grew bigger and more sophisticated, there were a number of problems that Minitrack could not handle well, and some capabilities that were not needed. These included:
To meet these new needs, a number of fundamental changes were made to the Minitrack network.
The resulting network was called the Spacecraft Tracking and Data Acquisition Network, or STADAN.

</doc>
<doc id="18335623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335623" title="Pipe Pacific Cable">
Pipe Pacific Cable

PIPE Pacific Cable (PPC-1) is a submarine cable laid by PIPE Networks. It runs from Cromer, Australia, to Piti, Guam.
It resulted in huge international backhaul cost savings to Australian customers, for access to the US internet backbone, quoting up to "50% savings" versus existing cable operators.
Capacity.
Quoting directly from PIPE International's PPC-1's Blog, substantial capacity will be available on the submarine cable network:
"PPC-1 will be configured primarily as a two optic-fibre pair system however it will include up to an additional 4 optic fibre pairs providing the potential to install spurs extending to a number of strategic locations within and outside of Australia. The main backbone will be laid in deep water with landings in Sydney, Australia and Piti, Guam. The main segment of the network will cover approximately 6,500km. It will use the latest submarine wave division multiplexing to provide up to 96x10Gbps wavelengths on each fibre pair, producing a total of 1.92 Terabits of capacity."
During the official launch, PIPE Network's CEO Bevan Slattery said the new cable would now deliver speeds at an even greater capacity than originally planned, 2.56 terabits per second in total.
In September 2012, an upgrade was announced that would take the capacity available on the cable past the original design capacity of 2.56 terabits per second, to around 3 terabits per second.
Construction.
Submarine cable laying commenced at the end of April 2009. The Guam to Papua New Guinea segment of the cable was completed in May 2009, with the ship Tyco Durable commencing on the 4 segments from Sydney to Papua New Guinea.
In June 2009, most cabling work south of Brisbane was completed, leaving two cable segments—from BU2 (Branching Unit) near Brisbane up to BU4 near Madang – to be laid before commissioning.
On 23 August 2009 the first light signal was transmitted over the completed cable from Sydney to Guam. This marked the completion of the submarine cabling work, and testing of the system began.
On 22 September 2009, Internode released a press release claiming successful transmission of IP packets across the cable, making it the first commercial entity to make use of the cable.
The project was formally completed on 8 October 2009.
Cable landing points.
The cable runs from Sydney to Guam. The cable landing points are:
Financial Realignment.
On 19 December 2008, it was reported that a "realignment of payments" was organised between PIPE, its PPC-1 customers, and Tyco Telecom, the primary contractor on the project. Some saw this as PPC-1 striking financial difficulties, however the timing of payments were realigned to allow Tyco to continue the work with respect to meeting the construction deadline of July 2009. PIPE delivered a media release confirming this realignment, and the signing of a memorandum of understanding with Tyco Telecom, and a key customer, to secure the financial go-ahead for the project. It confirmed that:
"On 1 December 2008 PIPE Networks announced that given the unacceptable delays in the credit approval process, the Board of PPC-1 (Bermuda) Ltd had decided to withdraw from proposed arrangements with those financiers."
Mr Roger Clarke, Chairman of PIPE Networks said "It is a testament to the commercial potential and importance of the project that an alternative agreement could be reached that sidestepped the debt markets for primary project financing. I congratulate the team who have been working tirelessly over the past three weeks to bring about this outstanding outcome."

</doc>
<doc id="18335696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335696" title="Centre Stage (theater)">
Centre Stage (theater)

Centre Stage is a year-round, 285-seat theater in downtown Greenville, South Carolina. The theater maintains a full-time staff of seven and produces between six and eight mainstage productions each year, in addition to a wide variety of other entertainment and nightlife activities. Actors, directors and other theater artists are hired both locally and regionally on an as-needed basis. Centre Stage is a constituent member of Theatre Communications Group (TCG) and a member of the professional division of the Southeastern Theatre Conference (SETC).
Collaborations.
Through collaborations with arts organizations elsewhere in the city (Greenville Symphony Orchestra, Metropolitan Arts Council, etc.), Centre Stage has expanded its range of entertainment and nightlife offerings to include art exhibitions, chamber concerts, independent film screenings and lectures on a wide variety of topics. Faculty and students from area colleges and universities (North Greenville University, Clemson University, Furman University) regularly direct and staff Centre Stage productions. Greenville Technical College (GTC) theater classes are taught at Centre Stage by GTC professor of theater Dr. Brian Haimbach, who also is chairman of the Centre Stage New Play Festival. CSSC is also host to Greenville Light Opera Works. GLOW is Greenville's professional opera, operetta and musical theatre company and produces a summer festival season of comic opera, operetta and musical theatre.
History.
Founded in 1983 by Douglas P. McCoy, Centre Stage was formed with the intent of becoming a professional theater. The theater's first performance space was inside the Greenville County Museum of Art and its first full production was presented in the St. Mary's Church gymnatorium. For the next four years, Centre Stage performed in the Greenville School District's Fine Arts Center. For the next ten years Centre Stage leased a building on the corner of Washington and Academy Streets and produced all of its plays there.
In April 1996, Centre Stage was approved as an Associate Member of Theatre Communications Group (TCG) and remains so to this day. TCG membership entitles Centre Stage to all of the rights and privileges of a professional theatre. In April, 1998, Centre Stage was designated as a Constituent Member of TCG.
In December 1996, ground was broken for the theater's current location at 501 River Street where it occupies of the Citi-Smith Barney Building. Centre Stage took occupancy of this venue on October 1, 1997, and staged its first performance there on October 2, 1997.
New Play Festival.
The Centre Stage New Play Festival (NPF) receives hundreds of scripts throughout the year submitted by playwrights from around the country and abroad. Four finalists are chosen to be presented in readers’ theater format during each year’s festival. Talkback sessions for the four festival finalists take place immediately following the readings, making the festival an opportunity for playgoers to participate in the creative process that culminates in a full production of the play chosen as festival winner. Previous NPF winners include "The Edith Whartons" by Erwin Palley (winner 2005 NPF, produced 2006), "Guided Tour" by Peter Snoad (winner 2006 NPF, produced 2007) and "The Uncurled Hand" by Stephen Kilduff (winner 2007 NPF, produced 2008), "The Legacy" by Adam Siegel (winner 2008 NPF, produced 2009), "Coal Creek" by Walter Thinnes (winner 2009 NPF, produced 2010). Each year's festival features a keynote playwright of national stature, such as Lee Blessing and Arlene Hutton.

</doc>
<doc id="18335702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335702" title="Station Quinconces (Tram de Bordeaux)">
Station Quinconces (Tram de Bordeaux)

Quinconces station is located on line and line in Bordeaux. This stations serves as a connection to line . 19 November 2007, line C has been extended to Quinconces by way of Grand Parc.
Location.
the station is situated by Allées d'Orléans, place des Quinconces in Bordeaux.
Junctions.
The place des Quinconces serves as a terminus for many bus lines, enabling their connections with the tramway.

</doc>
<doc id="18335729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335729" title="Me and the Boys (TV series)">
Me and the Boys (TV series)

Me and the Boys is an American sitcom that aired on the ABC network from September 20, 1994 until February 28, 1995. The series features comedian Steve Harvey, who also served as a writer, in his first starring role. The series was created by Bob Myer, Rob Dames and Lenny Ripps, and produced by a.k.a. Productions and Bob Myer Productions in association with ABC Productions.
Synopsis.
Harvey stars as Steve Tower, a widower who ran a video store in Dallas, who was struggling with raising three boys on his own. Madge Sinclair co-starred as Steve Tower's mother-in-law Mary. Chaz Lamar Shephard, Wayne Collins, Jr. and Benjamin LeVert played the sons of Steve Harvey's character. 
The series was scheduled on Tuesdays following "Full House" (which co-creators Dames and Ripps had previously wrote and produced on) and preceding "Home Improvement". Despite ranking #20 in the ratings, ABC canceled the series after one season.

</doc>
<doc id="18335730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335730" title="Auslegeschrift">
Auslegeschrift

The Auslegeschrift was, in German patent law, the second reading, or publication, of a patent application. It has been examined and published.
German patents are often numbered or cited by the "Auslegeschrift". This staged system was, from 1981 onwards, dropped. However, it continues to exist in many patent searches.

</doc>
<doc id="18335734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335734" title="Sherwood Forest, Memphis">
Sherwood Forest, Memphis

Sherwood Forest is a neighborhood in East Memphis, Memphis. It is located south of Normal Station, Memphis and east of Orange Mound. Its boundaries are: Park Ave. (North), Rhodes Ave. (South), Getwell Rd. (East), S. Highland St., Radford Rd., and S. Prescott St (West).
The neighborhood is home to the Sherwood Elementary and Middle Schools. Sherwood Forest is noted for having street names relating to the Robin Hood folklore including Robin Hood Lane, Maid Marion Lane, Friar Tuck Road, Little John Road, Nottingham Place, and Allandale Lane.
Curiously, a number of streets are named after Southern California locations, or more specifically streets of Los Angeles. These include: Radford, Wilshire, Catalina, and the oft-mispronounced and alternatively spelled Vanuys.

</doc>
<doc id="18335743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335743" title="Carbon Shredders">
Carbon Shredders

"Carbon Shredder" refers to any group or individual who collectively tracks and reduces their Carbon () footprint through reduction of energy use.
The un-trademarked term began with a group of activists who created a website and online tool to allow any group or individual to measure, reduce and track their personal Carbon footprint. This original group was brought together by Gregor Barnum from Seventh Generation Inc., Jasna Brown from Green Mountain Coffee Roasters and Bob Ferris from Yestermorrow Design/Build School with the intent of launching a national effort to reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
The "Mad River Valley" Carbon Shredders gained some notoriety in local and national media after they successfully petitioned several local towns to approve resolutions, referred to as the "Carbon Shredders 10 by 10 initiative," to reduce residential emissions by 10% over 2008 levels by 2010.
An expanding list of "carbon shredder groups" involving thousands of individuals and groups is now spreading across the United States via the internet. This is to many people a movement about environmentalism and re-localization. Yet for many others, being a carbon shredder is simply a new twist on old-fashioned thriftiness applied to energy costs.
Carbon shredding is similar to the "low carbon diet" concept pioneered by author David Gershon, which walks people through a "recipe" for reducing emissions, combined with web 2.0 online group-collaboration concepts.

</doc>
<doc id="18335762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335762" title="En Vivo en Buenos Aires">
En Vivo en Buenos Aires

En Vivo en Buenos Aires (Spanish for Live in Buenos Aires) Released in 1994 is the ninth album and first live one from the Argentine Ska Reggae Latin Rock band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs. It was well received and earned a gold disc.
Recorded in the Arena Obras Sanitarias following the huge success of Vasos Vacios. The album shows a young Cadillacs which put a lot of strength in the songs, mixing them with parts of other songs (like "Desapariciones" that is mixed with "Rio Manzanares" both of Ruben Blades) or with Vicentico putting strong vocal parts in a few songs like "Siguiendo la Luna".

</doc>
<doc id="18335774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335774" title="The Nobel School">
The Nobel School

The Nobel School is an oversubscribed secondary school of average size. Almost all pupils are White British. The proportion of pupils with learning difficulties and/or disabilities is average, as is the proportion with statements of special educational needs. The percentage of pupils eligible for free school meals is also broadly average. The school gained specialist status for science and performing arts in June 2005. Artsmark Gold was awarded for the second time in May 2005. The school has been a training school since 2000. A new headteacher took up post in September 2013.
In summer 2010, construction as part of the BSF (former governments Building Schools for the Future program) began. Building work continued through 2011 and 2012. The work was totally completed in early 2013.
History.
In 1961 the Technical Grammar School was opened and shared a site with The Girls Grammar School on Six hills way Stevenage. In 1962 the school moved from Six Hills Way to Telford avenue where the school's own building had been constructed. The School wrote off to the Nobel committee, who confirmed that the Technical Grammar School could use and be re-named the Nobel Grammar School. The school began using the Girls School again, as well as the Telford Avenue site in 1968, two years later in 1970 the School changed its name for the third and final time to The Nobel School. 
In 1983 the school moved to the former Chells school building leaving the Telford site to be demolished. In 2011 the new build programme commenced to re-build the old school building, this work was completed in 2013 and the school was officially opened in September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18335829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335829" title="Toby Burke">
Toby Burke

Toby Francis X. Burke (born Melbourne, Victoria) is an Australian musician who also performs as Horse Stories.
Biography.
Toby Burke was born in Melbourne. His music career began when he started performing under the band name, Horse Stories, as a guitarist, singer-songwriter in the US in 2000. The name is said to have been taken from an album by fellow Melbourne band Dirty Three.
Horse Stories' first record, "Travelling Mercies (for Troubled Paths)", was recorded with Texas-born drummer Clinton Stapleton in a friend's converted garage and released on UK label Loose Music in 2001. Burke and Stapleton went on to make two more Horse Stories records (with other musicians): "One Hundred Waves" and "Everyone's A Photographer".
A prolific and productive writer, in 2004 Toby Burke released a 'solo' record under his own name and in 2005 began recording experimental instrumental music as "Perfect Black Swan", with the aim of collaborating with artists in other media.
Toby Burke currently lives in Los Angeles and works as a writer and musician. 
From NME magazine:
Although he had to up sticks from Australia to Los Angeles in order to get properly noticed, things are beginning to happen at last for Horse Stories mainman Toby Burke. Three albums in, the unfettered melancholy bliss of the man from Melbourne’s electronica-tinged, dust-clouded tales are surely going to find themselves a wider audience. Well if there’s any justice they will, anyway.
The woozy psychedelia of ‘Firewall’ and the tortured beauty of ‘The Wheels’ recall Wilco’s recent awesome studio-bound experimentation and REM at their most coun-trified respectively. Really, there’s no higher praise than that.
Discography.
Albums.
Horse Stories
Toby Burke
Perfect Black Swan
Singles.
"'Horse Stories"

</doc>
<doc id="18335831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335831" title="Duzkend">
Duzkend

Duzkend may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18335862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335862" title="Plenum chamber">
Plenum chamber

A plenum chamber is a pressurised housing containing a gas or fluid (typically air) at positive pressure (pressure higher than surroundings). One function of the plenum is to equalise pressure for more even distribution, because of irregular supply or demand. A plenum chamber can also work as an acoustic silencer device.
Examples of plenum chambers include those used with:
Etymology.
The term "plenum" derives originally from classical theories and the notion that "Nature abhors a vacuum". These gave rise to the notion of 17th century 'plenum' as the opposite of vacuum, and all things "being either Plenum or Vacuum".
By the 19th century, the development of mechanical fans and industrial machinery had provided another, more technical use. This referred to "a system of artificial ventilation", which used a pressure raised slightly above atmospheric pressure, in contrast to the "vacuum system" which used a pressure below atmospheric. At a time when high pressure steam or hydraulic systems were well established, these were a distinct set of systems based on low pressure and high volume flows.
Supercharging.
Supercharged piston engines typically use many cylinders arranged in-line and one or two superchargers. Superchargers deliver air at a relatively constant rate, while cylinders demand it in a varying manner, as the valves open and as piston speed varies through the stroke. Simple direct ducting would give problems where the nearest cylinders received more airflow. The pulsating demand from the cylinders would also show problems of either pressure waves in the duct, or a shortage of inlet air towards the end of the inlet phase.
The solution is to provide a large-volume plenum chamber between the inlet and the cylinders. This has two benefits: it evens out the difference in path restriction between cylinders (distribution across space), secondly it provides a large-volume buffer against pressure changes (distribution over time).
For non-supercharged / normally aspirated engines see Airbox.
Norton Classic.
The Norton Classic was a motorcycle whose air-cooled twin-rotor Wankel engine was developed by David Garside at BSA. Wankel engines run very hot, so Garside gave this air-cooled motor additional cooling air that was filtered and drawn first through the rotors and then through a large plenum chamber into the combustion chambers via carburetors. The plenum (a sheet-alloy item which doubled as a semi-monocoque spine frame) partly cooled the air, and the transfer of latent heat during the carburation process further reduced the temperature of this fuel-air mixture, but its volumetric efficiency was still somewhat impaired. The cooling air filter was mounted below the steering head (between the forks) to provide a partial ram air effect. (The engine roller-bearings were lubricated by oil-injection, while the rotor tips were lubricated by the fuel/air mixture which carried an oil mist obtained from passing through the interior of the rotors).
Hovercraft.
Practical hovercraft use a peripheral skirt system, where the air from the lift fans is routed to a narrow slot around the edge of the hull, and bounded by a flexible skirt. Distribution of this air from the fans to the periphery is through a large-volume plenum chamber, so as to provide even distribution of airflow without sensitivity to the length of the direct path.

</doc>
<doc id="18335865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335865" title="Jean Hepner">
Jean Hepner

Jean Hepner (born October 25, 1958) was a professional tennis player from the United States. 
Hepner is notable for holding the record for participating in the longest women's tennis match in a match against Vicki Nelson-Dunbar at a tournament in Richmond, Virginia, in 1984, which lasted six hours and 31 minutes. Additionally, this match contains two other records. The match featured a 29-minute, 643-shot rally, the longest in professional tennis history. This match is also the longest professional match completed in a single day. Hepner reached the second round of the 1978 US Open, the 1983 French Open, and the 1983 US Open.

</doc>
<doc id="18335886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335886" title="List of Olympic medalists for Cuba">
List of Olympic medalists for Cuba

This is a full list of all Cuban medalists, for more information about Cuba at the Summer Olympics click here

</doc>
<doc id="18335913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335913" title="Frank J. Oteri">
Frank J. Oteri

Frank J. Oteri born May 12, 1964 is a composer based in New York City. 
Oteri's musical works have been performed in venues from Carnegie's Weill Recital Hall to the Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art. He was initially interested in composing for musical theatre, and an original musical of his was staged for a week at New York's Carter Hotel Theater in 1980 while he was still a student at The High School of Music & Art, which later merged with the High School of Performing Arts as the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts. He also had a brief appearance in the Alan Parker directed motion picture "Fame" and scored two children's operas for the Metropolitan Opera Guild's In School project. As an undergrad at Columbia University (1981–1985), he grew more interested in minimalism, microtonality, and non-western music, and he completed a Master's Degree in Ethnomusicology at Columbia in 1990. In the 1990s, he returned to writing extensively for the voice, setting poems by E. E. Cummings, Margaret Atwood, William Butler Yeats, and Kenneth Patchen. In 1998 he began working with Italian painter and performance artist Lucio Pozzi on "MACHUNAS", an evening-length performance oratorio based on the life of Fluxus-founder George Maciunas which they completed in 2002. In 2005, "MACHUNAS" was staged at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Vilnius, Lithuania, and was subsequently screened in New York City and San Francisco. In February 2008, Oteri was composer-in-residence at the Cornish College of the Arts in Seattle, Washington, where three of his compositions were performed: "The Other Side of the Window" (1995), a cycle of seven Margaret Atwood poems scored for female voice, two flutes, guitar, cello, and toy piano; "is 7" (2003) for solo harpsichord, performed by Trudy Chan; and "Imagined Overtures" (2005) for rock band in 36-tone equal temperament.
Oteri is also an active music journalist and has been the editor of "NewMusicBox" since its inception in 1999. 
Oteri has served as the MC for the ASCAP "Thru The Walls" showcase in New York City as well as Meet The Composer's "The Works" marathon in Minneapolis in 2002. Since 2000, he has additionally curated his own series, "21st Century Schizoid Music", at the Cornelia Street Cafe in Manhattan's Greenwich Village on the 4th Monday of every month (except July and August). In 2007, Oteri was the recipient of the ASCAP Victor Herbert Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18335918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335918" title="Jesús Figueroa">
Jesús Figueroa

Jesús Maria Figueroa (born February 20, 1957) is a Dominican former professional baseball player. He played in the 1980 baseball season with the Chicago Cubs. Figueroa batted and threw left-handed.
Figueroa works for the Toronto Blue Jays as their batting practice pitcher, a position he has held since 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18335933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335933" title="Amr Ellissy">
Amr Ellissy

Amr Elleithy, 2010 UNESCO laureate, is an Egyptian television and radio celebrity. Graduated from the Faculty of Law at Cairo University, he was also attached to the Higher Institute of Arts, where he attained his bachelor degree at the Direction Section. He later pursued his studies in the field of media, to attain his Master of Science degree in "Interactive media Science" University of Adams Smith, USA. in 2001.He was awarded his PHD degree, with distinction, from the Higher Institute of Criticism, in conjunction with the Faculty of Media, Cairo University, 2012.
Careers.
In 1991, before being a TV presenter, he was the executive director of the London-based MBC, a private Arabian TV channel. Afterwards, he started his preparation and presentation of a weekly TV program at the Egyptian State run Television called "Ekhterak" in 2001, which is a political documentary program. Some of its episodes were concerned with a historical documentation of important world events. The program was awarded "Best viewed" three times, since it began. It is still aired weekly till the present time .
He started another political interactive programs at other private channels (besides his own on Egypt State TV) as the OTV Channel and the AlSaa Lebanese Channel, where he has written scripts and presented a weekly talk show called Moagha=Confrontation (2006–2008).
He also prepared and narrated a weekly radio program at the Egyptian State Radio: Middle East Broadcasting Channel for 3 consecutive years [2006-2009].
In 2009, he started preparing the UNESCO- awarded program "Wahed Mn Elnass" from the Public, and launched it in April 2009 at Dream television channel a private Egyptian channel that tackles public and rural issues, being mainly concerned with problems of marginalized and poor population, in a trial to foster media tools in raising public awareness and improving the living conditions of his society, assuring their proper voicing to the authorities. He has been awarded the UNESCO prize of the IPDC Program for Development of Communication, 2010: for this program and his meritorious efforts in favour of rural and marginalized people. It was awarded in Paris, March 2010.
He is the Editor-in-Chief and CEO of the weekly liberal Egyptian newspaper Elkhamis, which was issued in 1996.
He is also a lecturer at the Higher Institute of Art Criticism and the International Academy of Media Science.
Currently, he is a councilor at the Culture and tourism committee of the Egyptian Parliament. Also, a member of the Supreme council of the Cairo Film Festival.
Social Contributions.
Ellissy is also a member of a number of non-governmental organizations, and is the chairman of the "Nahdet Misr" society. He is a founding member of the Egyptian food Bank . In September 2010, he launched the program-executive NGO One from the Public to be his tool of performance of the vision and mission of his program. It is accredited by the ministry of Social solidarity and joined by a number of public figures, businessmen and celebrities.
Public Role of the NGO men elnass.
This NGO helps to figure out the needs of marginalized people, execute their dreams, bringing an acceptable quality of life for them in favour of good education, health services and infra –structure facilities.
Till now, we can pinpoint several missions it had succeeded to carry out, including:
Prizes.
Ellissy has been awarded the high-ranked prize of "Mostafa & Ali Amin for Journalism, 2008". 
During the same year, he established his own prize to be dedicated, on a yearly basis, to the distinguished student of Faculty of Media Science, at Cairo University.
He has been awarded the prestigious IPCD UNESCO prize Program for Development of communication, for the year 2010 for his programme {One of the People}, which he presents and writes it at dream TV channel, Egypt.
As mentioned by the UNESCO officials, 'Mr Ellissy seeks to work with governmental authorities and civil society organizations to find solutions to social problems in rural areas. He also carries out fundraising and public campaigns through his television programmes.'
He has recently been appraised by the IFAJ, which has posted a feature article about his efforts in rural development 2010.
Author.
Ellissy is the author of six books. He prepared and published an investigative documentary book about the mysterious death of Ashraf Marwan, the former Egyptian president secretary for information. 
Some of his interviews and investigative documentaries are uploaded on YouTube, under the title of "Egypt Journalist Amr Ellissy".

</doc>
<doc id="18335948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18335948" title="Yaxhá lake">
Yaxhá lake

Yaxhá Lake is a Guatemalan lake situated in the northern department of El Petén. 
The ancient Maya City of Yaxhá was built on the shores of Laguna Yaxhá, and the Maya ruins of Topoxté occupy a group of small islands at the western end of the lake.

</doc>
<doc id="18336040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18336040" title="Benelli B76">
Benelli B76

The B76 is a pistol manufactured in Italy by Benelli. It operates on the lever-delayed blowback system that Benelli called an "inertia lock". Despite the name, the system of operation is pure lever-delayed as explained in . Manufacture has been discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="18336073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18336073" title="Jeff DeWillis">
Jeff DeWillis

Jeffrey Allen DeWillis (born April 13, 1965 in Houston, Texas) is a former Major League Baseball player. He only played in the 1987 season and played on the Toronto Blue Jays of the American League.

</doc>
<doc id="18336087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18336087" title="Bloodline (2008 film)">
Bloodline (2008 film)

Bloodline is a 2008 documentary film by Bruce Burgess, a filmmaker with an interest in paranormal claims, focused on the "Jesus bloodline" hypothesis and other elements of the book "The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail".
The 2008 documentary was originally released in cinemas on 9 May. "Ben Hammott" relating to his discoveries made in the vicinity of Rennes-le-Château since 1999; Burgess claims Ben Hammott would have found the treasure of Bérenger Saunière: a mummified corpse, which he believed were Mary Magdalene. In the film, Burgess interviews several people with alleged connections to the Priory of Sion, including a Gino Sandri and Nicolas Haywood. A book by one of the documentary's researchers, Rob Howells, entitled "Inside the Priory of Sion: Revelations from the World's Most Secret Society - Guardians of the Bloodline of Jesus" presented the version of the Priory of Sion as given in the 2008 documentary, which contained several erroneous assertions, such as the claim that Plantard believed in the Jesus bloodline hypothesis. By 21 March 2012 Ben Hammott confessed and apologised on Podcast interview (using his real name Bill Wilkinson) that everything to do with the tomb and related artifacts was a hoax; revealing that the actual tomb was now destroyed, being part of a full sized set located in a warehouse in England.
Bruce Burgess returned to the subject matter with "The Bloodline of Christ" that was shown in September 2013 on the Yesterday channel.

</doc>
<doc id="18336099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18336099" title="Shortest tennis match records">
Shortest tennis match records

This article covers records concerning the shortest ever tennis matches both in terms of number of games and duration in terms of time. Matches affected by a retirement or default are not listed.
Fewest games.
Men.
There have been 6 best-of-five-set matches which have lasted 18 games (6–0, 6–0, 6–0) in the Open era. This is the shortest possible length for a best-of-five-set men's singles match without retirements or defaults.
Women.
In women's tennis, matches featuring a minimum number of games are a more frequent occurrence. The following are women's Grand Slam singles matches in the Open era which have lasted 12 games (6–0, 6–0) without retirements or defaults.
"Incomplete List"
Women's Doubles.
Since 2005

</doc>
<doc id="18336132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18336132" title="Akhura">
Akhura

Akhura may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18336151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18336151" title="1918–19 Montreal Canadiens season">
1918–19 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1918–19 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's tenth season and second as a member of the new National Hockey League (NHL). The Canadiens would win the NHL title and go to Seattle to face off for the Stanley Cup. However, a Spanish flu epidemic broke out in Seattle and both teams would abandon the series after several Canadiens fell ill. Montreal defenceman Joe Hall would die from the flu.
Team business.
Prior to the season, another attempt was made by Eddie Livingstone to revive the National Hockey Association. Livingstone did not wish to sell his team for less than $20,000, more than the Arena Company was willing to pay. On September 20, 1918, the NHA owners, including the Canadiens, voted to permanently suspend the NHA. Livingstone forced another meeting on December 11, 1918, hoping to get Canadiens' minority shareholder Brunswick to vote with him, but at the meeting, Brunswick officials affirmed their loyalty to the Canadiens and the meeting ended with the Canadiens, Brunswick, Ottawa and Wanderers simply leaving the meeting.
Regular season.
Georges Vezina came second in the league in goals against average of 4.3 per game. Odie Cleghorn returned to professional play and he had an outstanding 24 goals in 17 games to lead the league in goals for the Canadiens.
The Toronto Arenas folded on March 20, 1919, leaving only Montreal and Ottawa in the league. The teams proceeded to play off for the league title.
Playoffs.
They went against Ottawa for the championship and on it 13 goals to 7, or 13-7.
Finals.
Montreal Canadiens vs. Seattle Metropolitans
"Series ended 2–2–1 and no winner awarded – playoffs were curtailed due to the influenza epidemic"
Player statistics.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, Pts = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"
Roster.
Source: Mouton, p. 153

</doc>
<doc id="18336153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18336153" title="Sheriff Robinson">
Sheriff Robinson

Warren Grant "Sheriff" Robinson (September 8, 1921 — April 5, 2002) was an American catcher and manager in minor league baseball and a coach and scout for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball. A native of Cambridge, Maryland, he earned his nickname from schoolmates after his father, William Lincoln Grant Robinson, twice ran unsuccessfully for the office of sheriff of Dorchester County, which is situated on the Eastern Shore of Maryland.
Minor league playing and managing career.
Robinson stood tall, weighed and batted and threw right-handed during his playing career. He signed his first professional baseball contract with the St. Louis Cardinals and reached the highest level of the minor leagues at age 19 with the 1941 Rochester Red Wings of the International League. However, Robinson would never reach the Major Leagues as a player. With the exception of a three-year (1943–1945) tour of duty in military service during World War II, he caught in the International League with Rochester and the minor league edition of the Baltimore Orioles through the middle of the 1949 season, when he was acquired by the Boston Red Sox' Louisville Colonels farm club.
The following season, he became a playing coach in Boston's farm system, with the San Jose Red Sox. In 1953, he received his first managerial assignment as skipper of the Bosox' Salisbury Rocots Class D affiliate in the Tar Heel League. Robinson swiftly worked his way upward as a minor league manager in the Boston organization, winning a championship with the Corning Red Sox of the PONY League in 1954 and 98 games for the second-place San Jose club in the 1955 California League.
In 1957–1958, Robinson managed Double-A clubs for Boston in the Texas League (with the Oklahoma City Indians) and the Southern Association (with the Memphis Chicks). However, a housecleaning in the Red Sox front office at the close of the 1960 season resulted in the departure of the team's farm system director, Johnny Murphy, and Robinson joined the New York Yankees for the 1961–1962 seasons, managing the Amarillo Gold Sox to the 1961 Texas League pennant and helming the Triple-A Richmond Virginians in 1962.
Career with New York Mets.
He joined the Mets in 1963, their sophomore season, reunited with Murphy, who was a vice president in the club's front office. His first post was as the skipper of the Quincy Jets of the Class A Midwest League.
In 1964, Robinson was called up to the Mets for the first of three different terms as a Major League coach. That season, he served as bullpen coach under Casey Stengel. After spending only a half-season as manager of the Mets' Buffalo Bisons Triple-A farm club in 1965, he returned to New York in midyear to work as the bullpen coach for the Mets' new manager, Wes Westrum, serving through 1967.
He would spend the next decade as a scout for the Mets, except for the 1972 season, when he was appointed to fill the vacancy on the coaching staff left by Yogi Berra's promotion to manager following the sudden death of Gil Hodges.
Sheriff Robinson died in Cambridge, aged 80, in 2002. His record as a minor league manager, over 12 seasons, was 786–821 (.489).

</doc>
<doc id="18336156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18336156" title="Johann Joseph Scherer">
Johann Joseph Scherer

Johann Joseph Scherer (March 18, 1814 - February 17, 1869) was a German physician and chemist born in Aschaffenburg.
In 1836 he graduated from the University of Würzburg, where he studied medicine, chemistry, geology and mineralogy. From 1836 to 1838 he practiced medicine in Wipfeld, afterwards relocating to the University of Munich, where he resumed his studies in chemistry. 
In 1840 he worked in the laboratory of Justus Liebig (1803-1873) at Giessen, returning to Würzburg in 1842 as a professor of organic chemistry. During his career at Würzburg, he held the title of professor in the departments of general, inorganic, and pharmacological chemistry, also attaining directorship of the Medical Institute for Chemistry and Hygiene. 
Scherer was a pioneer of clinical chemistry, and is remembered for applying his knowledge of chemistry to problems in the field of medicine. He made contributions in the study of urine and blood in pathological conditions, and in 1843 and 1851 demonstrated the presence of lactic acid in human blood under conditions such as hemorrhagic and septic shock. He is also credited with the discoveries of inositol and the purine derivative known as hypoxanthine.
Beginning in 1852, with Rudolf Virchow (1821-1902) and Gottfried Eisenmann (1795-1867), he was co-editor of Karl Friedrich Canstatt’s annual reports, "Jahresbericht über die Leistungen und Fortschritte der gesammten Medicin". One of his better known publications was the 1843 book "Chemische und Mikroskopische Untersuchungen zur Pathologie angestellt an den Kliniken des Julius-Hospitales zu Würzburg" (Chemical and microscopic investigations of pathology performed at the Julius Hospital Clinic at Würzburg).

</doc>
<doc id="18336157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18336157" title="Blue Team">
Blue Team

Blue Team can represent several things:

</doc>
<doc id="18336201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18336201" title="Garu">
Garu

Garu may refer to:

</doc>
