<doc id="18366476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366476" title="Heidi Holland">
Heidi Holland

Heidi Holland (6 October 1947 – 11 August 2012), also known as Heidi Hull (during her first marriage), was a South Africa–based Zimbabwean journalist and author who had been involved in the journalism industry for over 30 years. She edited Illustrated Life Rhodesia and worked as a freelance writer on publications such as "The Sunday Times", "The Telegraph", "International Herald Tribune", "The New York Times" and "The Guardian" and had also worked on research projects for British television documentaries. She was the author of various books, such as "Dinner with Mugabe", an account of her meetings with Robert Mugabe, the progenitor of the Zimbabwean state. Previously she released "The Colour of Murder", a South African–based book on the Van Schoor family and the murder trials its members faced. She had also released a book based on the history of South Africa's ruling-party "The Struggle: A History of the African National Congress". She was found dead of an apparent suicide in her home near Johannesburg.
Life.
Heidi Holland was born in Johannesburg in 1947, the daughter of a British father and a Swiss mother. When she was three, the family moved to Southern Rhodesia, later Zimbabwe where she attended Mabelreign Girls High School in the capital, Salisbury, before becoming a journalist, working for "Illustrated Life Rhodesia". She moved to South Africa two years after the country became independent as Zimbabwe in 1980. Her first husband was Tony Hull, with whom she had a son, Jonah, who is (2012) a roving correspondent based in the London broadcast centre of Al Jazeera International. She also had a son, called Nick, with her second husband, George Patrikios, a surgeon.
On 11 August 2012 she was found hanging from a tree at her house in Johannesburg. Her second husband was already dead.
Journalism.
Earlier in her career, Holland edited Illustrated Life Rhodesia. Later,
as well as freelancing for a number of international titles, she was a columnist for "The Star", a South African broadsheet newspaper.
Books.
"Dinner with Mugabe".
The title "Dinner with Mugabe" relates to an encounter between Holland and Mugabe in 1975 when a friend brought him to her house for a secret dinner as he was about to flee the country to wage a guerrilla war against the white supremacist government of Rhodesia. Yet Holland was significant as a white journalist to have secured a 2½-hour interview with Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe in December 2007. It took 18 months to secure the interview. In the book Holland explores the transformation of the man she met in 1975 with his present state. She also looks at his relationships with those such as his first wife, Sally, Lord Soames, Rhodesia's last British governor; Denis Norman, a white farmer who held several portfolios in his early governments as well as with the former Rhodesian Premier Ian Smith. She also questions the president on controversial issues such as Gukurahundi and land reform in Zimbabwe. Several excerpts of the book have appeared in the international press and it is published by Penguin South Africa.
"The Colour of Murder".
In 2006, Holland released a South Africa–based true crime investigation of racism and violence in "The Colour of Murder: One family's horror exposes a nation's anguish ". In the book she explores the controversial family dynamics and racial politics of the white South African Van Schoor family. She focuses on the patriarch Louis Van Schoor, a former East London security guard who is alleged to have shot over a hundred black people during apartheid. Then there is his daughter Sabrina Van Schoor, who made friends in the coloured community as a child (to her parents' disapproval) and later gave birth to a coloured child, Tatum. In 2001 she ordered a hitman to kill her mother, Beverley, on the grounds that she was a racist. Holland won many awards for this book, including a Pulitzer award.
"African Magic".
In 2001, Penguin published "Africa Magic: Traditional Ideas That Heal a Continent". The book is an exploration of Sub Saharan Africa's natural philosophies looking at ways healers have used traditional belief systems to deal with things such as medical and marital issues.
"Born in Soweto".
In 1994, Penguin published "Born in Soweto: Inside the Heart of South Africa". The book is a description of life told by Soweto's residents. It is also illustrated.
"The Struggle".
"The Struggle:A History of the African National Congress" was released by George Braziller publishing company in April 1990. Holland explores the peaceful and violent protestations of the political party against racial discrimnation. She also looks at the communist ties of the party as well as the roots of apartheid ideology. The book received favourable reviews, with The New York Times citing it as a 'concise' and 'informative' history of the political party.
Controversy.
In May 2009, Holland was embroiled in a row with the leader of South Africa's largest opposition party, the Democratic Alliance. Holland criticized comments made by Helen Zille about the president, Jacob Zuma in the article 'A disservice to white citizens' published by "The Star" on 21 May 2009.
Holland said that Zille's possibly prejudiced criticism of Zuma, for allegedly endangering his wives by repeatedly having sex with a HIV-positive woman, had reflected badly on the white South African community. On 27 May 2009, the newspaper published Zille's reply. Zille accused Holland of a "warped logic" concerning race issues.

</doc>
<doc id="18366515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366515" title="Neutron (game)">
Neutron (game)

Neutron is a two-player abstract strategy game invented by Robert A. Kraus. The game was first published in the Playroom section of Games & Puzzles 71 in July/August 1978. It is a game where each player moves two different pieces in a single turn without the use of dice. Games like Backgammon and Risk allow a player to move two or more different pieces in one turn, however, these games use dice. One other game that uses this concept is the L Game by Edward De Bono, and that game is also a modern invention.
There are 15 variants to this game. Neutron and some of its variants are some of the main games featured in "Zillions of Games".
The game has been solved to some degree. Analysis has shown that the first player wins. It is unknown whether the other variants have been solved or not, and to what degree.
Goal.
The goal of each player is to bring the Neutron to their home rank (the first rank on their side of the board). The player can either bring the Neutron to their home rank during their turn, or have the other player bring it over there which only normally happens if forced upon during their turn. The other way to win, is to stalemate the other player, that is, by not allowing the other player complete their turn which consist of moving the Neutron first, and then one of their soldiers (except on the first player's first turn where they can only move a soldier).
Equipment.
It is normally played on a 5 x 5 board. There are 15 variants to this game, and the size of the board may change. Each player has five soldiers. There is also a neutral piece called the Neutron that is played by both players.

</doc>
<doc id="18366519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366519" title="ICRF 193">
ICRF 193

ICRF 193 is a topoisomerase inhibitor.

</doc>
<doc id="18366534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366534" title="Let No One Deceive You">
Let No One Deceive You

Let No One Deceive You: Songs of Bertolt Brecht (or simply Let No One Deceive You) is an album by American folk and blues singer Dave Van Ronk and vocalist Frankie Armstrong, released in 1992. It consists completely of songs by Bertolt Brecht.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, critic William Ruhlman wrote of the album "These are songs that have been translated from the original German many times, and listeners familiar with them will recognize minor variations from, for example, Marc Blitzstein's English adaptations for The Threepenny Opera. It's actually some of the more obscure songs with music by Hanns Eisler... that are more interesting, since, while often recorded, they are rarely performed in English."
Track listing.
All songs by Bertolt Brecht and Kurt Weill unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18366570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366570" title="Wall (surname)">
Wall (surname)

Wall is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18366587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366587" title="Woolpack walk">
Woolpack walk

The Woolpack Walk is a challenge walk which starts and finishes at the Woolpack Inn, Eskdale in the Lake District of England. The route covers and takes in of ascent.
Route.
The route is generally tackled clockwise, taking in the following summits:

</doc>
<doc id="18366607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366607" title="Dimebag Darrell performances">
Dimebag Darrell performances

Darrell Lance Abbott, also known as "Diamond" Darrell or "Dimebag" Darrell (August 20, 1966 - December 8, 2004), was an American guitarist. Best known as a founding member of the heavy metal bands Pantera and Damageplan. His recordings and film appearances include:

</doc>
<doc id="18366631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366631" title="2008 United States consulate in Istanbul attack">
2008 United States consulate in Istanbul attack

The 2008 United States consulate in Istanbul attack was a result of gunfire on the consulate resulting in six casualties; of which three were the three gunmen, and three Turkish National Police officers. 
The attack occurred on July 9, 2008 in the morning hours, at a time when the embassy is at full function and an attack is most likely to cause more casualties. 
It is the responsibility of the host state to take care of security as per Article 22 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations.
The attack.
All three of the attackers were Turkish nationals, and ethnic Kurds. Armed with pistols and shotguns, the attackers arrived in a car and then got out. One of them quickly opened fire near the main entrance to the compound. Footage from a security camera at the site showed, as the shootout was unfolding, three armed and bearded men emerging from a Ford Focus being used as an unlicensed taxicab, killing a traffic policeman, then running toward a guard post some 50 yards away as other policemen fired back. The vehicle left the scene, but its driver later turned himself in to the authorities; he had no prior connection to the attackers. There were no casualties in the attack apart from the three attackers and three police officers.
Two of the slain police officers were identified as Erdal Oztas, 28, from the village of Karahacik located in Corum Province, and Nedim Calik.
NTV television and Dogan News Agency identified the attackers as Erkan Kargin, 26, and Raif Topcil, 20, from the southeastern city of Bitlis and Bulent Cinar, 23, from the eastern city of Igdir. Police would not confirm their identities, but Interior Minister Besir Atalay said two of the assailants had criminal records. Erkan Kargın terrorist action shotgun used in the 1 and 2 Brand Glock automatic pistols Kadir Ozmen Silivri Istanbul Branch of a bank with a suspect named their 24-month term with a loan obtained from 4,000 YTL has been suggested. Erkan Kargin and Kadir Ozmen weapons used in the action brought at the Diyarbakir province was yet undetermined. Kadir Özmen preparation to participate in the action, but later he abandoned participating in the action specified. Prepared by the Istanbul Public Prosecutor's Office Deputy Prosecutor Fikret Seçen Kadir Ozmen 24-page indictment, become a member of an armed terrorist organization, possession of explosives, become a member of Ergenekon Terrorist Organization, the charges of attempting to overthrow government of the Republic of Turkey on the orders of the prosecutor's office, but Kadir Ozmen was decided to arrest TC The ID number can not be determined for the prosecutor's office and closed the investigation.
In response to the attack, the US temporarily increased security at all of its Turkish diplomatic missions.
The unsuccessful attack showed that the (new) consulate grounds were safe for the American diplomatic staff. The project management for the land acquisition and the construction of the consulate building was headed by Gary S. Lachman while he was working as the New Embassy and Consulate Team Leader at the Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations at the U.S. Department of State.
Prior attacks.
In 2003 al-Qaeda had once again been claimed to be the perpetrators of the attack on the British consulate. Although the comparison is slight, it bears relevance in Turkey's burgeoning image as a target for terrorists.
Allegations of al-Qaeda involvement.
Turkish officials initially blamed al-Qaeda, and the US did not rule out al-Qaeda support. However, the attackers had no direct connection to any transnational or indigenous terrorist group, other than possible training ties.
On July 13, 2008, one suspect was arrested and charged with membership in a terror organization in connection to the attack on the consulate. Another two individuals were also charged and released pending trials. In all, twelve individuals have been detained for questioning related to the attacks.
In December 2008, two suspected al-Qaeda members were charged over the consulate attack.

</doc>
<doc id="18366633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366633" title="Creature with the Atom Brain">
Creature with the Atom Brain

Creature with the Atom Brain is a Belgian alternative rock band consisting of Millionaire keyboardist Aldo Struyf (Guitar/Keys/Vocals), Michael Lawrence(Drums), Jan Wygers (Bass) and Michiel Van Cleuvenbergen (Guitar). The band have been said to make "fuzzy stripped-back rock’n'roll noise with a generous helping of weird." The band's name is taken from the Roky Erickson & The Aliens song (Which in turn was taken from the 1955 film of the same name), with Struyf citing Erickson's former band The 13th Floor Elevators and the man himself as influencing Creature with the Atom Brain's sound.
After two 12" EPs on Conspiracy records, the band released their first full length album on March 24, 2008, entitled "I am the Golden Gate Bridge". The album notably featured guest vocals from fellow Millionaire band-member Tim Vanhamel and Mark Lanegan, Struyf having provided keyboards and toured for the latter's Bubblegum album. Creature with the Atom Brain have since toured in support of the album, including playing cancelled shows for Masters of Reality and supporting Jesus and Mary Chain on selected shows.

</doc>
<doc id="18366663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366663" title="C. aurantium">
C. aurantium

C. aurantium may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18366673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366673" title="Brookfield Square">
Brookfield Square

Brookfield Square is a regional shopping mall located in Brookfield, Wisconsin, a suburb of Milwaukee. The mall is located at the intersection of Bluemound Road and Moorland Road, near Interstate 94. It is managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
History.
Brookfield Square was built in 1967 as a 3-anchor, 1-story shopping mall including 60 stores and services including the same 3 anchor tenants it has today, a Kohl's Food Store, a Woolworth's, T.A. Chapman's, and Walgreens. Kohl's left the mall in 1977 and was converted into a Houlihan's restaurant. Woolworth's and the mall's single screen cinema left the mall in 1994 and a food court was created in its place.
The mall went under a massive renovation in 2004, creating many new outparcel stores and restaurants. The mall's interior was given a new style, and new restaurants were built on the exterior walls of the mall.
In November 2013, an expansion was proposed which would comprise nine more storefronts. Old Navy and Hallmark Cards both closed in early 2014. Also in 2014, Shoe Carnival was added in the Sears wing.

</doc>
<doc id="18366693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366693" title="Starr Andreeff">
Starr Andreeff

Starr Andreeff, Born in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, got her first claim to fame as Miss Teen Hamilton while still attending Glendale Secondary School. She was also a semi-finalist in the 1980 Miss Teen Canada Pageant. Andreeff appeared in thriller films made throughout the 80s and 90s. Starr was the lead and gave a captivating performance as Jodi in the excellent feature fright film gem "Dance of the Damned." She had a recurring role as lawyer Jessica Holmes on the popular daytime soap opera "General Hospital." as well as a recurring role as "Sabrina Cross." in "Falcon Crest". Among the TV shows Starr did guest spots on are "The Golden Girls", "The Facts of Life," "Mike Hammer, Private Eye," and "TekWar."
In the early 90s she developed her first music project, teen boy band No Authority. It wasn't long before the group caught the interest of Michael Jackson and Madonna. They were promptly signed to Michael Jackson's label, MJJ/Sony, and then Madonna's Maverick Records, as well as to Smash Music, Starr's management company. Superstar producer Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins wrote and produced their first record. With No Authority, Starr has worked closely with the Nickelodeon 'All That' Tours, Disney World Tours, and national school tours.
Starr then formed Maple Jam Music Group with the late Grammy award winning record producer, Greg Ladanyi. As President of the new Maple Jam Management Group , Starr added divisions in the company for actors, music artists, and celebrities, representing them in film, TV, music, licensing and branding. Maple Jam Management Group currently manages and has managed many top acts as Anna Vissi, Taryn Manning, Hollywood Undead, MaDonna Grimes, Kiersey Clemons, Redlight King, Christian Burghardt and many more.
References.
Maple Jam Management Group
http://www.mjmg.us

</doc>
<doc id="18366694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366694" title="Naval Academy Etajima">
Naval Academy Etajima

Etajima base (JMSDF Etajima Naval Base) in Etajima city, Hiroshima prefecture is located in the Etajima-cho government building and is the base of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force. Beside the housing the 1st Technical School and the Officer Candidates School, it is home to the local Kure Naval District, LCAC training facilities, and the Self Defense Force oil storage. In addition, the Special Forces of the Maritime Self Defense Force is located here. The predecessor of the Etajima base was the branch officer training system of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy. The Naval Academy moved to Etajima from Tsukiji, Tokyo in 1888. Prior to World War II, Britannia Royal Naval College and United States Naval Academy were called the “Worldwide 3 large service academies”. Many of the facilities of the Naval Academy are currently used by the 1st Technical School and the Officer Candidate School.
The Naval History Museum.
The Naval History Museum is a building of reinforced concrete which was constructed in 1936. It holds artifacts of Heihachiro Togo, Horatio Nelson, John Paul Jones and Isoroku Yamamoto, as well as a book of naval officers which holds more than 10,000 names. Inside the site, a midget submarine which was used in the Pearl Harbor attack; as well as artifacts from the Japanese battleship Yamato, and the Japanese battleship Mutsu are on display.

</doc>
<doc id="18366697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366697" title="Le Scoot Log Flume">
Le Scoot Log Flume

Le Scoot is a log flume ride at Busch Gardens Williamsburg located in the New France area. It is themed after mountains and a saw mill.
Ride Experience.
Once seated in the "logs", riders are taken up a conveyor belt lift hill. Part of the hill loops underneath of another part of the ride. At the top, the log takes a small drop and takes a sharp turn. Unlike most log flumes, Le Scoot stays high in the air, held by large poles. When passing by treetops, the chute the ride is in expands (although rails keep the log on-track) to give the illusion the log is in a pond. A small conveyor belt then brings the log up a few feet to avoid log collisions, and takes a steep, tall drop. Next, due to the backfiring currents of the previous drop, rapids form. After passing more rails, the log takes a small turn and near a sawmill narrowly dodged by the nearby Alpengeist roller coaster. A safety recording is played in the sawmill, warning riders to "remain seated". Once in the sawmill, another small conveyor belt takes the logs up a few feet to, again, avoid collisions. The log then takes its largest, most notable plunge over a large pool of water. A last, small hill drains excess water from the ride's chute and takes the logs on a sharp turn extremely close to Alpengeist's track. A pendulum is used on high-business days to separate logs into to different waiting lines, and brings riders back to the boarding cabin.

</doc>
<doc id="18366700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366700" title="Free Will (album)">
Free Will (album)

Free Will is the second studio album by American recording artist Gil Scott-Heron, released in August 1972 on Flying Dutchman Records. Recordings sessions for the album took place on March 2 and 3, 1972 at RCA Studios in New York City, and production was handled by producer Bob Thiele. It is the follow-up to Scott-Heron's critically acclaimed studio debut, "Pieces of a Man" (1971), and it is the second album to feature him working with keyboardist Brian Jackson. "Free Will" is also Scott-Heron's final studio album for Flying Dutchman. The album reissued on compact disc in 2001 by Bluebird Records. In 2003, "Free Will" was reissued by BMG/Japan with alternative takes of eight tracks from the original album.
Music.
"Free Will" featured a format which divides the LP's two sides, musically. The first side is made up of five recordings done by Scott-Heron and the entire band, which once again featured Brian Jackson playing a major role as he did on the previous album, "Pieces of a Man". Unlike that album, "Free Will" is shorter in length with tracks below the three and a half minute mark. The title track opens up the album with a meditation on personal responsibility. One of Scott-Heron's best known performances, "The Get out of the Ghetto Blues" is a moving ghetto warning and features bluesy instrumentation by pianist Brian Jackson and guitarist David Spinozza. The second side functions more as a live rap session with Brian Jackson on flute and a couple of percussionists. "Ain't No New Thing" emphasizes Scott-Heron's black pride, which he previously displayed on his debut album, by presenting an argument about the placement of black culture into the American mainstream:
"Wiggy" is a haiku-like appreciation of natural black hair. The themes of police brutality, violence, and self-exploration are still present as they were on Scott-Heron's previous albums. "No Knock", a reference to a police policy whereby knocking is not required before entering a house, and "... And Then He Wrote Meditations", a tribute to John Coltrane, continue these themes.
The track "King Alfred Plan" treats the fictional King Alfred Plan as if it were an actual conspiracy; it is unclear whether Scott-Heron believed this.
Track listing.
2001 compact disc reissue bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18366706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366706" title="Chock">
Chock

Chock may refer to:
Devices for preventing movement:

</doc>
<doc id="18366725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366725" title="Ângelo Ricardo Versari">
Ângelo Ricardo Versari


</doc>
<doc id="18366774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366774" title="P. aurantium">
P. aurantium

P. aurantium may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18366788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366788" title="PCD World Tour">
PCD World Tour

The PCD World Tour is the first concert tour by American girl group, The Pussycat Dolls. The tour reached Europe and parts of Asia. The group toured North America with Christina Aguilera and The Black Eyed Peas. The group caused controversy during their show at the Sunway Lagoon theme park, breaking Malaysian decency laws. 

</doc>
<doc id="18366789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366789" title="Sveinsdóttir (crater)">
Sveinsdóttir (crater)

Sveinsdóttir is a large impact crater on Mercury. Its dimensions are .
Sveinsdóttir crater superimposed by Beagle Rupes is a distinctive feature on Mercury's landscape. Unusually elliptical in shape, the crater was produced by the impact of an object that hit Mercury's surface obliquely. The floor of Sveinsdóttir was later covered by the smooth plains material and deformed by wrinkle-ridges before the scarp appeared.
More than long and one of the largest fault scarps on the planet, Beagle Rupes marks the surface expression of a large thrust fault believed to have formed as Mercury cooled and the entire planet shrank.Beagle Rupes crosscuts Sveinsdóttir crater and has uplifted the easternmost portion (right side portion) of the crater floor by almost a kilometer, indicating that most of the fault activity at Beagle Rupes occurred after the impact that created Sveinsdóttir. Crosscutting relationships such as this are used to understand the sequence in time of the different processes that have affected Mercury’s evolution.
The crater is named after Júlíana Sveinsdóttir, an Icelandic painter and textile artist.

</doc>
<doc id="18366823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366823" title="Whitney Avenue Historic District">
Whitney Avenue Historic District

__notoc__
The Whitney Avenue Historic District is a historic district in the East Rock neighborhood of New Haven, Connecticut. It is a district which included 1,084 contributing buildings when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. 
It is bordered by Edgerton Park and East Rock Park on the north. It abuts the Prospect Hill Historic District to the west and the Orange Street Historic District on the east. Yale University facilities border on the southwest and south. The district is named after Whitney Avenue, the principal thoroughfare in the district, which is lined with mansions or other larger houses, while the smaller streets included in the district have mostly smaller homes.
The district "is significant as a well-preserved middle and upper-class residential neighborhood which reflects the process of suburbanization in New Haven during the late 19th and early 20th centuries...and which has retained its integrity with few intrusions or alterations... The houses in the district embody the distinctive characteristics of several periods and types of domestic architecture, including locally outstanding examples of Queen Anne, Shingle, Colonial Revival, Tudor Revival, and other styles..." 
The district includes 749 "major" buildings: mostly houses but also schools, small commercial buildings, and a firehouse. Including smaller outbuildings such as garages and carriage houses, there were a total of 1,113 buildings in 1989. Besides the 1,084 contributing buildings, the district then included 29 non-contributing buildings. Since that time, some of the contributing buildings have been demolished, such as some garages behind houses, but the character of the district is generally preserved.
Residential structures.
Large mansions are primarily along Whitney Avenue and Livingston Street.
Significant Queen Anne style houses include the William Allen House, at 357 Whitney Avenue, a principal example among a row of Queen Anne houses.
Significant Shingle style houses include:
Significant Colonial Revival ones include:
There are significant Tudor Revival houses including, for example, the Dr. Edwin Butler House, at 640 Whitney Avenue, from 1913.
Other assorted styles are represented, including, notably, the Colin Ingersoll House at 475 Whitney Avenue, a spectacular Chateauesque style building designed by architect Joseph Northrup
There are apartment buildings mixed into the housing stock, particularly of U-shaped forms and particularly along Whitney Avenue. Examples appear in photos 16 and 29 (Brighton Court, in Spanish Colonial Revival, c.1915, at 663-667 Whitney Avenue) of accompanying photo collection.
Institutional buildings.
Institutional purposes are now served by many of the buildings built originally as mansions along Whitney Avenue. At the time of the National Register listing, there were ten churches in the district, four of which were deemed to contributing properties. There are also several schools and a fire station. Institutional structures, specifically built as such, include:
Commercial buildings.
Small commercial buildings or "houses which have been fitted with storefronts", primarily at corners or along Orange Avenue are included in, and serve, the district. An unusual example is the Hall-Benedict Drug Company Building, a building on Orange Street, which is separately listed on the National Register.
Summary.
"In summary, the district is distinguished by its exceptional number of architecturally significant houses; the wide, shady, tree-lined streets which provide an appropriate setting for those houses; and by the high proportion of buildings which have retained their integrity of materials and design. Together these attributes create the sense of historic and architectural cohesiveness which makes this area a distinctive cultural resource."
Relationship to neighborhoods.
The historic district primarily in the East Rock neighborhood but also extending into the Prospect Hill neighborhood of the city of New Haven, Connecticut. The row of properties on the west side of Whitney Avenue is officially in the Prospect Hill neighborhood planning area.

</doc>
<doc id="18366828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366828" title="Darrell K. Smith">
Darrell K. Smith

Darrell K. Smith (born November 5, 1961 in Youngstown, Ohio) was a wide receiver and slotback who played eight seasons in the Canadian Football League, mainly for the Toronto Argonauts. His move to the Edmonton Eskimos in 1993 was a part of the largest trade in CFL history, involving 16 players. Smith played college football at Central State University.
In 1990 he caught a league record of 20 touchdowns.

</doc>
<doc id="18366839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366839" title="Levanger–Hokstad Ferry">
Levanger–Hokstad Ferry

The Levanger–Hokstad Ferry is an automobile ferry on Norwegian National Road 774 that connects the island of Ytterøya to the mainland and municipal centre of Levanger. The long passage on the Trondheimfjord is performed with the double-ended ferries MF "Yttringen" and operated by Tide Sjø making 11 crossings in each direction each day taking 30 minutes. In 2007, the line had a daily ridership of 235 people and 140 vehicles.
History.
Automobile ferry transport in Innherred started in 1958 when the company Innherredsferja started the route Levanger–Hokstad–Vangshylla–Kjerringvik–Venneshamn; connecting Levanger to the island of Ytterøya, and onwards connecting Inderøy with Mosvik. In 1964, a new road between Kjerringvik and Venneshamn opened, and at the same time a second ferry was purchased, allowing two routes to be established, the Levanger–Hokstad Ferry and the Vangshylla–Kjerringvik Ferry.
In 2005, the ferry line was made subject to public service obligation in a package with the Brekstad–Valset route. In preparation for the competition Innherredsferja was bought by Fosen Trafikklag, but fail to succeed at the contract, losing it to Nor-Ferjer who took over the line as of 1 January 2007. Nor-Ferjer merged to form Tide Sjø in 2007. The ferry MF "Ropeid" is docked at Levanger as a reserve ferry for both the routes.

</doc>
<doc id="18366841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366841" title="Winchester Repeating Arms Company Historic District">
Winchester Repeating Arms Company Historic District

The Winchester Repeating Arms Company Historic District is a historic district in New Haven, Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It includes 867 properties, which "include 858 major structures and 131 notable outbuildings." Of these structures, 876 are buildings deemed to contribute to the historical and/or architectural significance of the area, and most of these are residential. However the center of the district is "dominated" by the tract of the former Winchester Repeating Arms Company, which contains industrial buildings.
The district includes and surrounds the old Winchester plant later run by U.S. Repeating Arms; the plant was important to both of its adjoining residential neighborhoods. Some of the plant has been operated by Science Park at Yale, a business incubator with Yale University associations.
Significance.
According to the district's 1987 nomination document:The district is historically significant for two reasons. First its core encompasses the extensive surviving portions of the industrial complex developed by the former Winchester Repeating Arms Company, one of the nation's foremost late 19th- and early 20th-century armament manufacturers. Second, the district as a whole forms New Haven's most nearly intact and cohesive surviving example of the inherent relationship between the growth of modern industry and the emergence of large working-class residential neighborhoods, a relationship typically associated with the development of many of the nation's northeastern urban communities during the late 19th and early 20th centuries (Criterion A). The district is architecturally significant for three reasons. First, its core embraces numerous examples of period industrial structures. Second, the majority of these structures were built for the Winchester Repeating Arms Company according to designs provided by Leoni W. Robinson, one of New Haven's premier late 19/early 20th-century architects. Finally, the district's predominantly residential perimeter areas encompass a host of relatively intact single- and multi-family workers' houses as well as several significant examples of commercial, religious, and municipal buildings dating from this same era. As a group, these perimeter-area buildings represent a variety of important and popular vernacular architectural styles of the era, including late Greek Revival, Italianate, Gothic Revival, Queen Anne and Colonial Revival (Criterion C).
Residential development.
Residential development in the district included development of tenement buildings for one, two or three families. Examples are as depicted in accompanying photo 2 (134-36, 138-40, 142-44, 146-48 Mansfield St.), photo 4 (166-68, 162-64, 156-58, 152-54, 146-48 Sheffield St., photo 5 (220-30 Division St.), photo 13 (567 Dixwell Ave.), photo 16 (552-54, 558 Winchester Ave.) and photo 20 (368, 370, 374, 378 Dixwell Ave.).
Two speculators who were very successful with such residential development were Joseph Sheldon and John W. Bishop: "these men were the moving force behind the 19th-century development of virtually all of the properties which currently line both sides of Admiral and most of Henry Streets, as well as the construction of most of the houses along the southwestern side of Munson Street directly opposite the Winchester complex.
Their work is depicted in accompanying photo 22 (51, 49, 43, 41, 39 Henry St.), photo 12 (49, 53, 55, 59 Admiral St.) and accompanying photo 9 (206, 208, 210, 212, 214, 216, 218, and 220-22 Munson St.).
Industrial development.
The Winchester firm had started operations on Union Street in the Wooster Square neighborhood of New Haven, and moved to Bridgeport in 1866. It relocated back from Bridgeport to New Haven in 1870, to the current location in the district. The original buildings which it built are no longer existing The firm grew, having more than 600 employees by 1887 and "well in excess of 1,000" by the early 1900s.
Streets.
Streets in the district include:
Relationship to neighborhoods.
The district is located in the Newhallville and Dixwell neighborhoods defined by the city of New Haven, Connecticut.
The 1987 NRHP nomination document reads: the "255-acre district includes most of the southern and northern portions of the city's Newhallville and Dixwell neighborhoods, respectively."

</doc>
<doc id="18366885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366885" title="Som Mittal">
Som Mittal

With more than three decades of experience in the IT and automotive sector, Som Mittal is a seasoned and well-respected Indian business executive. Having served in leadership positions at multinational companies like HP and Wipro, Mittal has a strong command over the dynamics of the IT industry at an international level. From work at the institutional level with trade associations, he has also become a skilled public policy advocate. The Financial Express of India called him an industry “doyen.”]].
Education and Early Career.
Mittal received a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur and a Master of Business Administration from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmadabad. He began his career in the engineering and automotive industry serving at Larsen & Toubro, Escorts and Denso from 1975 to 1989. During this time period he set up green field manufacturing facilities imbibing Japanese technology and practices.
Career in IT.
After a successful stint in the automotive industry, Mittal began working for the IT services and consulting services company Wipro as Chief Executive. He was responsible for building the peripherals business in collaboration with Seiko Epson and later led the integrated PC and Server business unit. He remained with Wipro through 1994.
Mittal spent the following 14 years in various leadership roles at Digital/HP/Compaq. He has been credited with the successful turnaround of Digital and very effective integration of successive mergers with Compaq and HP. He held many Global roles and finally was the senior vice president of services for HP in Asia Pacific and Japan. Through these positions Mittal learned to extract the most value from mergers and successfully manage joint ventures and creating green field businesses.
Most recently Mittal served as President of the National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM), a position held since 2008. As such, he has worked tirelessly to advance the interests of IT and Business Process Outsourcing companies with headquarters in India. Under his tenure, the industry has grown from $60 billion in 2008 to $108 billon in 2013 during the most turbulent economic environment. He also set up the Data Security Council of India which promotes data protection and develops best practices for security and privacy.
In addition to fostering the financial success of this sector, Mittal has liaised with government representatives worldwide. Recently this has meant educating American policymakers about the competitive edge Indian IT companies bring to their economy. The Financial Express called Mittal’s term leading NASSCOM “unarguably successful.”
Throughout his career, Mittal has worked with a wide range of organizations. He served as a member of the Indian Prime Minister’s Committee on National e-Governance, as board member Institutes of Technology and the Global Advisory Council of the World Information Technology and Services Alliance, among other roles. He is a frequent speaker at International and National conferences and is currently on several Boards and associated with several NGOs.
Awards and Recognition.
Collectively these experiences have made Mittal a business executive who knows how to build and create institutions. He has worked closely with top Indian officials to help make India an attractive place for foreign investment and been active in several free trade agreements. Recently the World Information Technology and Services Alliance (WITSA) recognized him with a lifetime achievement award for outstanding dedication to the growth of the Global ICT industry. Other achievements include Business Leader of the Year by Rotary International and a distinguished alumni award from the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur.

</doc>
<doc id="18366904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366904" title="Grigory Laguta">
Grigory Laguta

Grigory Laguta (born April 9, 1984) is a Russian-born Latvian motorcycle speedway rider. Laguta is current Individual Latvian Champion.
Laguta have two speedway licency: Russian (MFR) and Latvian (LaMSF). His brother Artem (b. 1990) is speedway rider also.

</doc>
<doc id="18366920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366920" title="Steve Delaney">
Steve Delaney

Steve Delaney is an English comedian and character actor, best known for his fictional comedy character Count Arthur Strong.
Count Arthur Strong.
Count Arthur Strong is an elderly, pompous, mostly out-of-work deluded thespian from Doncaster, Yorkshire who appears to suffer from attention deficit disorder and memory loss. He is apt to use malapropisms in his attempts to sound educated. Count Arthur played Dickie Bow, the acting pool for the entire show of "The Remains of Foley and McColl" in 2000. He appeared in "Count Arthur Strong's Radio Show!", a series that was commissioned by BBC Radio 4 from 2005 to 2012, and is the central character in the BBC2 sitcom "Count Arthur Strong", which first aired on 8 July 2013.
Count Arthur is based on many influences and people from Delaney’s youth from the '60s and on: next door neighbours, relatives, and eccentric shopkeepers.
Character history.
Delaney created Count Arthur in the 1980s, when he was a drama student at Central School of Speech and Drama in London, and performed him at the end-of-term show, having drawn inspiration from characters he met during his childhood. But he put the character to one side for several years, during which he worked as an actor, appearing in television in dramas such as "Juliet Bravo", "The Flying Lady", "Casualty", "The Bill", "All Creatures Great and Small" and "Agatha Christie's Poirot".
In 1997 Delaney resurrected Count Arthur for his stand-up comedy routine in clubs. The character was performed at the Edinburgh Festival for several years and BBC Radio 4 launched a series for him in 2005 entitled "Count Arthur Strong's Radio Show!". A second radio series was recorded at the Komedia theatre, Brighton and broadcast on Radio 4 in 2007. By 2012 the show had run to seven series. The series won the Sony Gold Comedy Award, the highest accolade for radio comedy, at the Radio Academy Awards in 2009.
Each consequent visit to Edinburgh brought more support from audiences, which turned Count Arthur into something of a cult figure. Richard Daws and Komedia Entertainment came on board in 2002 for "Count Arthur Strong’s Forgotten Egypt", which became Count Arthur’s most successful Edinburgh to that point. Delaney then entered an intensive period of production, culminating in more than 350 live shows performed over five further Edinburgh Fringe runs and nine national tours. This covered live shows from "Forgotten Egypt!" to "Command Performance" in 2012.
In 2004 the character stepped onto national radio after a series of speculative pilots recorded at Komedia Brighton. Count Arthur first appeared on BBC Radio 2 as a regular guest on the Mark Radcliffe show, before featuring in his own BBC Radio 4 sitcom, "Count Arthur Strong's Radio Show!" Produced by Komedia Entertainment and Smooth Operations, the show won the Sony Award for Best Radio Comedy in 2009 and became a cornerstone of BBC Radio comedy; almost 50 half-hour episodes were broadcast between 2005 and 2012.
In 2008 Delaney and Komedia Entertainment partnered with Graham Linehan and Talkback to create a TV version of the successful radio series. A quiz show format called the Entertainment Game was piloted in 2010 for the BBC, which was followed by the commissioning of scripts for a sitcom for BBC Two that became "Count Arthur Strong".

</doc>
<doc id="18366937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366937" title="Space Gun (video game)">
Space Gun (video game)

Gameplay.
The game is set in a fictional future, in the year 2039, where humans have begun deep space exploration. A distress call is transmitted from a crippled ship near an alien planet. The game's protagonist, a special soldier, responds to the call. Upon boarding the ship, the soldier discovers it has been overrun by hostile aliens. The aliens have captured the human crew for an unknown purpose. The story has sections that take place aboard the space craft and on the planet's surface. The protagonist's overall goal is to rescue as many human hostages as possible, eliminate the alien threat, and escape the space craft.
"Space Gun" is a side scrolling shooting game in which the player views the on-screen action from a first person perspective. Players use a cabinet mounted light gun to target and shoot enemies. Enemies are either mechanical guns that descend from above the screen or aliens, several of which can only be defeated by first shooting away their limbs. The player must save human hostages from the creatures. Occasionally, a hostage will mutate into an alien. In addition to the standard rapid fire weapon, there are four other weapons: a flamethrower, grenade launcher, freeze bomb, and blade bomb. These weapons require ammunition which can be collected throughout the stages, and are activated by the player using the pump action of the mounted gun. The arcade cabinet features foot pedals (visible in picture) that, when pressed, reverse the player's direction. This is an essential feature, as it allows the player more time to fire upon an incoming enemy and to also help keep the number of enemies at a more manageable level and thereby keep from being overwhelmed. It also adds an element of strategy to the game, as over-use of the "backpedal" runs the risk of running out of time on the level.
There are six or seven levels (depending on which version of the game is being played) that are split into four subsections, each with its own end-of-level boss. Between levels the story is explained and moved forward through the use of short animated cut-scenes with text on the screen. Players can often choose their own path through the level by selecting a door or arrow using the gun. Several of the home system versions feature light gun support; however, all of them allow the player to move a crosshair to target enemies. The multiplayer game is identical the single player experience, but the Sega Master System, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum versions do not feature multiplayer.
Development and history.
The arcade game features raster graphics on a CRT monitor displaying 4096 colors and amplified stereophonic sound. The visuals are reflected into view via a mirror in the cabinet. The arcade cabinet is upright, with the marquee bearing the game's name protruding outward. There are large, blue plastic molds around the cabinet designed to resemble an alien cocoon. The music for "Space Gun" was composed by Norihiro Furukawa and Naoto Yagishita of Zuntata, Taito's music division. A soundtrack CD (a split release with the soundtrack for Taito game "Liquid Kids") was released by Pony Canyon and Scitron on January 21, 1991. This album was also released as part of "Taito 1500 Collector's Box" on September 17, 1993. A track from the game is on the limited edition CD "Zuntata History L'ab-normal 1st", released by Zuntata/Taito on April 1, 1999.
Home conversions.
In 1992, Ocean Software ported the game to home gaming systems, including the Amiga, Atari ST, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum. Due to the hardware limitations of the various systems, the graphics and sounds of the ports differ from the original arcade version; for example, the ZX Spectrum version did not allow the aliens' limbs to be shot off. Some home versions use a light gun peripheral to simulate the control scheme of the arcade format. Taito's Sega Master System port uses the Sega Light Phaser accessory. The Amiga and Atari ST versions are one of the few games to use the Trojan Light Gun. In developing the Amiga conversion, the team video taped the arcade machine in operation as a reference for the graphics, pausing the video at relevant spots to take notes before recreating them. Programmer Damien Stones spent four months on the ZX Spectrum version. He kept the graphical detail of the backgrounds simple to allow for more action in the foreground. Taking into account the system's lower capabilities compared to the arcade hardware, Stones designed the game to handle a large number of on-screen sprites. As a result, "Space Gun" becomes more efficient the more action occurs on the screen, but will slow down during lulls in the game. In 2005, "Space Gun" was included in the compilation title "Taito Legends" for the PlayStation 2, personal computer and Xbox.
Reception.
"Space Gun" was well received by the video game press. In issue 34 of "Zero", Amaya Lopex gave the original arcade version of the game four out of five stars. Jonnie Cook of "Sinclair User" described the arcade release as enjoyable to those that already liked the genre, but stated he preferred other games. Killer List of Videogames called the cabinet design "quite unique". In March 1992, Gary Whitta of "Advanced Computer Entertainment" magazine stated that the sections that scroll into the screen are a lot easier to play than the horizontally scrolling sections. The screen can quickly fill up with enemies, which can lead to confusion as to what the player is shooting at, especially when human hostages run across the screen as they can be inadvertently killed. Neil West of "Amiga Format" commented that the title has a high difficulty level and that power-ups are a necessity to continue playing. The "not perfect" rapid fire weapon (which needs recharging after prolonged use) contributes to the game's difficulty, as stated by Brian Sharp of "Games-X" magazine.
Several publications compared the game's plot to that of the 1979 film "Alien". Simon Forrester of "Your Sinclair" jokingly referred to "Space Gun" as the "unofficial game" of the film. "Zero" magazine gave particular praise to the sections where humans mutate into aliens as they run towards the player. "Your Sinclair" reviewer Jon Pillar and Chris Buffa of GameDaily said that "Space Gun" contains graphic violence, citing the visual effect of entrails and blood splashed against the screen. Steve Merritt of "CU Amiga" described the sound effects, specifically alien squeals and the pumping heartbeat, as "simple, but effective".
On release for home platforms, the game received mixed reviews in the press, ranging from 69% in "Amiga Format" to 84% in "CU Amiga" magazine. A preview from "Amiga Power" described Space Gun as deriving from an "inexplicably popular coin-op, best described as "Line of Fire" set in space." Several reviews have stated that "Space Gun" is an "Operation Wolf" clone, while it has also been compared unfavorably to "Operation Thunderbolt". "Sega Power" magazine reviewed the Master System version, giving the game a score of 70% if the player is using a Light Phaser, but only 50% if a control pad is being used. Paul Presley of "The One for Amiga Games" also found that using input devices other that the guns mounted to the arcade machine "just isn't the same". Prior to the release for the Xbox and PS2 as part of "Taito Legends" the game was regarded by Gamedaily as being in the "top five" of the games in the collection, and on release the same website described it as "thoroughly enjoyable".

</doc>
<doc id="18366965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366965" title="Communities.com">
Communities.com

Communities.com is a non-commercial, advertisement-free, Internet social networking Website that started in 1996 and is considered the first social network website in the world. Also, it is one of the oldest social network websites still operating.
History.
Communities.com was originally funded by Softbank, the Japanese investment bank, with an initial $120 million investment. By 2000, a total of approximately $200 million was invested and the company had over 200 employees. It is widely acknowledged as the first social network in the world.
The site grew to over 5 million registered users and it is estimated Communities.com was the largest social network until MySpace exceeded its size some years later.
Communities.com was originally located across from Apple headquarters in Cupertino, California. At the time, Communities purchased a number of high-profile Internet companies, including Microcosm, OnLive and The Palace.
In late 2000, Communities.com pulled their IPO with an initial $2.1 billion valuation. Six months later, Open Text Corporation made a $1.5 million investment before the company filed Chapter 7 in 2001. A Communities.com junior employee, who made less than $50,000 a year, purchased the social network for approximately $30,000 out of bankruptcy.
Patrick and Ingemar are said to have bought the domain. As per Patrick, the domain was first registered in 1995 by "Electric Communities Inc.", who had over $100 million in venture capital. When Electric Communities filed Chapter 11 and ceased all business operations, including running the web sites communities.com and thepalace.com. The Palace was, and still is, a popular chat client developed by Electric Communities. Both domains (communities.com and thepalace.com) were dropped (anyone who wants can register them again and the domains will be theirs). Both domains were immediately picked up by someone or some company and sold at two different auctions. He continued running the site and it is now run by a group of volunteers.
The site Communities.com was sold at a separate auction, which Patrick and Ingemar started with an offer of $5. They later purchased Communities.com at a much higher price, but still cheap. In 2001, they had almost finished their studies, they felt that they could and should do something good with communities.com; making an international community site where people from the whole world could come together and chat and have fun. So they developed an advanced community site instead. 
Since then, the site is highly moderated by volunteer administrators. All pictures uploaded need to be manually authorized. The site has users from 185 countries with the highest number of users from Sweden followed by USA, UK and Canada.
Website outages.
Communities.com experienced server problems in September through October 2011. As per one declaration by site admins, there has been a major breakdown of servers of this site, due to which users are unable to login to Communities.com. By the end of October 2011, new servers had been installed and the site was working efficiently once again.
Communities.com was also down for a period of time when the storm, Hurricane Sandy, hit the New York area.

</doc>
<doc id="18366982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366982" title="Burgh-le-Marsh railway station">
Burgh-le-Marsh railway station

Burgh-le-Marsh was a railway station on the East Lincolnshire Railway which served the village of Burgh Le Marsh in Lincolnshire between 1848 and 1970. It originally opened as "Burgh", but was renamed in 1923. Withdrawal of goods facilities took place in 1966, followed by passenger services in 1970. The line through the station is now closed.
History.
The station was opened on 3 September 1848 as "Burgh" after the settlement of Burgh Le Marsh, and renamed following the railway grouping in 1923 to "Burgh-le-Marsh" to distinguish it from on the Carlisle and Silloth Bay Railway. It was constructed by Peto and Betts civil engineering contractors who, in January 1848, had taken over the contract to construct the section of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and from John Waring and Sons. This section was the last to be completed in September 1848 at an agreed cost of £123,000 (£ as of ). The station was provided with parallel platforms, with the main buildings, goods shed, cattle dock and signal box on the up (east) side. Immediately to the north of the station was a level crossing over the main road leading to Burgh, two miles to the south-east. A long refuge siding at the station was capable of holding 80 wagons. The July 1922 timetable saw six up and five down weekday services, plus one Sunday service each way, call at Burgh. The station was closed to goods traffic on 2 May 1966 and to passengers on 5 October 1970. 
Present day.
The station buildings and signal box have survived virtually intact in private ownership and are intermittently in use as tea-rooms. The goods shed is also still standing and once housed a railway museum, now closed and whose contents have been dispersed. A section of the trackbed to the south between Burgh and Bratoft is owned by the National Trust and is open as a footpath. The trackbed to the north has been severed just beyond the station by the bypass around the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18366993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18366993" title="Soil stabilizer">
Soil stabilizer

The name soil stabilizer can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18367005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367005" title="Bioinformatics Resource Centers">
Bioinformatics Resource Centers

The Bioinformatics Resource Centers (BRCs) are a group of five internet-based research centers established in 2004 and funded by NIAID (the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.) The BRCs were formed in response to the threats posed by emerging and re-emerging pathogens, particularly Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Category A, B, and C pathogens, and their potential use in bioterrorism. The intention of NIAID in funding these bioinformatics centers is to assist researchers involved in the experimental characterization of such pathogens and the formation of drugs, vaccines, or diagnostic tools to combat them.
The main goals of the BRCs are as follows:
1) To create comprehensive databases of reliable, up-to-date bioinformatic data (genetic, proteomic, biochemical, or microbiological) related to the pathogens of interest; <br>
2) To provide researchers with easy access to these data through Internet-based search and data retrieval user interfaces; <br>
3) To provide researchers with relevant, state-of-the art computational tools for bioinformatic analysis of these data.
The five BRCs are supported by various institutions, both publicly and privately owned, throughout the USA and Canada. Each BRC focuses on a different group of pathogens. The Pathogen Portal serves as a common repository and provides summary information about and links into the BRCs.

</doc>
<doc id="18367029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367029" title="Willoughby railway station">
Willoughby railway station

Willoughby was a railway station on the East Lincolnshire Railway which served the village of Willoughby in Lincolnshire between 1848 and 1970. In 1886, a second larger station replaced the first following the opening of a junction with the Mablethorpe Loop Line to and later . The Mablethorpe line closed in 1960 and withdrawal of goods facilities at Willoughby took place in 1966, followed by passenger services in 1970. Both lines through the station are now closed.
History.
The station was opened on 3 September 1848 to serve the village of Willoughby. It was constructed by Peto and Betts civil engineering contractors who, in January 1848, had taken over the contract to construct the section of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and from John Waring and Sons. This section was the last to be completed in September 1848 at an agreed cost of £123,000 (£ as of ). Two facing platforms were constructed to the south of a level crossing, adjacent to the stationmaster's house which provided the only passenger facilities. A goods yard to the south of the station was served by two sidings: one passing through a brick-built engine shed and a loading dock, while the other served an end dock.
On 28 July 1884, the Sutton and Willoughby Railway was authorised to construct a line to Willoughby from on the Lincolnshire coast. Opening of the line from the coast on 23 September 1886 resulted in the construction of a new station at Willoughby in 1886-7. A new station would be built to the north of the level crossing in order to facilitate the construction of a junction between the East Lincolnshire Railway and the new line. To this end, land to the north of the crossing was purchased from the estate of Baron Willoughby de Eresby. The Great Northern Railway, which had absorbed the East Lincolnshire Railway, requested that the Sutton and Willoughby Railway pay their share of the construction costs, which amounted to £3,966 (£ as of ). The new station opened on 4 October 1886 and the old one closed two days later, with the stationhouse being retained. The Great Northern was later to take over the Sutton and Willoughby Railway in 1902, which by that time had extended to to join the Louth and East Coast Railway, the latter being absorbed by the Great Northern in 1908.
The new station was provided with three platform faces: a bay platform with a run-round loop for the Sutton line, a single platform for down services on the main line and an island platform for up services. A canopy covered both the bay and up platform. The main station buildings, consisting of a parcels office, stationmaster's office, ticket office, general waiting room, ladies' waiting room, porters' room and toilets, were situated on the up platform and branch platform. Another ladies' waiting room was located on the down platform. Two signal boxes were brought into service: one controlling the junction and bay and one controlling the crossing and goods yard movements. The second box was located behind the down platform, near a footbridge over the main line and the level crossing. The goods yard remained in its original position, but was provided with a goods shed and four sidings (two on either side of the line): one set was for coal traffic and the other for milk traffic sent out daily by the Clover Dairy factory. In 1937, milk was dispatched to in a van picked up by the 4.19 pm to passenger working.
Two important passenger services called at Willoughby - the to buffet expresses which called at 7.52 am and 9.50 am, with the return service passing through at 7.05 pm and 9.35 pm. On Summer Saturdays the branch service to Mablethorpe started from the main line platform instead of the bay owing to the large amount of parcels and luggage associated with holiday traffic. Willoughby station was well-kept and regularly received British Rail's "Best Kept Station" awards. In 1969 towards the end of its life, the station won the "second class" award in the annual competition which prompted the local press to recite the saying "we, who are about to die, salute you." The line to Sutton and Mablethorpe closed on 3 December 1960. This was followed by the withdrawal of goods facilities at Willoughby on 2 May 1966 and final closure to passengers on 5 October 1970.
Present day.
The stationmaster's house from the original Willoughby station has survived, as have the brick goods shed and loading dock which are in industrial use. Very little remains of the second Willoughby station and the aid of a map is necessary to find it. The remains of the up main platform are visible from what is now a ploughed field; on the platform may be seen two concrete posts which supported the station running in board. It is still possible to access the trackbed between the platforms and one gate from the level crossing survives on the south side of the line next to the stationmaster's house which is a private residence. The footbridge was dismantled and now spans a fishing pond at nearby Burgh Le Marsh. Approximately one mile of the former Mablethorpe branch line from the station site at Willoughby has been converted into a nature reserve and footpath.

</doc>
<doc id="18367052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367052" title="Budapest Pride">
Budapest Pride

Budapest Pride, or Budapest Pride Film and Cultural Festival, is Hungary's largest annual LGBT event. Of the week-long festival, the march is the most visible event. The march has historically been known under several names, including "Budapest Gay Dignity Procession" (), and has taken place each year since 1997, usually on the first Saturday of July, proceeding along Budapest's most expansive thoroughfare, Andrássy Avenue, between the City Park (Városliget) and Elizabeth Square (Erzsébet tér). Though much smaller in scale than similar gay pride parades in Western Europe and the Americas, around one to two thousand marchers typically participate in the Budapest procession. Radical right-wing demonstrators and hooligans have severely disrupted the Budapest Pride marches held in 2007 and 2008, casting uncertainty over the future of the event.
Festival.
Although the march is the best known aspect of the festival, the Budapest Pride Film and Cultural Festival includes many other events, such as its film festival, discussions, exhibitions, theater productions, author readings, picnics, speeches, religious events, concerts, and parties. In 2011, the festival had over 100 events.
Counterprotests.
Early years.
There was only a smattering of public protest against the first eleven Budapest gay parades, until the one held in July 2007. In 2003, prominent right-wing radical György Budaházy and a group of about 30 anti-gay protestors blew whistles and chanted slogans such as "dirty queers" at marchers as the parade crossed the Elizabeth Bridge. In 2004, a few activists from the center-right Christian-Democratic Hungarian Democratic Forum political party stood along the route of the procession blowing whistles and holding signs displaying quotations from the Bible, while police took one man into custody for throwing a rock at an officer at the beginning of the parade. In 2005, about 10 neo-Nazis taunted paraders at one point along the route, while the notorious blogger, inciter and media manipulator Tamás Polgár (known by the alias "Tomcat") rigged to a pillar of the Chain Bridge a rolled-up, egg-filled sign, which he intended to unfurl via remote control as the procession crossed the bridge, thus dropping its contents down onto the marchers. However, the remote-control malfunctioned, forcing Tomcat and an accomplice to climb up the pillar to manually disengage the sign reading "stupid queer gays" (hülye buzi melegek), though only after the parade had passed underneath. In 2006, about a dozen activists from the radical right-wing Jobbik (Movement for a Better Hungary) political party and another dozen protestors affiliated with the right-wing extremist Hungarian Self-Defense Movement (Magyar Önvédelmi Mozgalom) heckled participants in the parade.
2007.
The 12th Budapest Gay Dignity Procession held on July 7, 2007 was the first to encounter substantial, belligerent protest. Some 2000 participants marched from Procession Square (Felvonulási Tér) past Heroes' Square down Andrássy Avenue. Several balloon-decorated flatbed trucks marshaled the parade down the avenue, blaring techno-pop from mounted speakers and carrying the standard array of shirtless young men, transvestites, neo-punk lesbians and campy-costumed figures, including a man in tight shorts, a black shirt, and a clerical collar, who held a big pink book bearing a cross and was later to become the focus of attacks from the far-right media, particularly Kuruc.info.
Several hundred police escorted the procession in full riot gear, ready to protect participants from expected aggression en route to the parade’s destination at a dance club located on the Pest side of the Danube called Buddha Beach. Just as in 2006, the extraparliamentary Jobbik party and the Hungarian Self-Defense Movement had organized demonstrations against the gay parade. However a culture of right-wing public protest and violent hooliganism had emerged in Hungary during the intervening year with the outbreak of massive anti-government demonstrations known collectively as the "fall disturbances" ("őszi zavargások") in September and October 2006, prompting police to expect that the 2007 protests against the gay parade would be much more extensive and aggressive.
Approximately 500 protesters awaited the parade behind a metal-fence barrier erected at the site of Jobbik’s officially announced anti-gay demonstration at the corner of the Oktogon, chanting "dirty queers!" and pelting marchers with eggs as they turned south onto the Grand Boulevard (Nagy Körút) on their way toward Buddha Beach. A rank of riot police wedged between the procession and the protesters, who had begun to bombard participants with, in addition to eggs, empty beer cans, smoke bombs and plastic bags filled with petroleum jelly and sand, the latter alluding to the Hungarian slang word , literally "sandy", for "gay". Police chased those seen throwing these objects at marchers up to several hundred yards down the sidewalk, eventually arresting and charging 8 protesters for disturbing the peace. Police narrowly averted a more brutal assault on the parade, chasing off a group of approximately 30 hooligans, who discarded bags full of empty bottles and fist-sized rocks as they fled down a side street. Jeering protesters accompanied the parade all the way to its terminus, dispersing following a brief standoff with riot cops and police dogs during which they changed slogans such as "Queers into the Danube, Jews after them!" and "Gyurcsány prime minister get out!"
The Budapest police, after effectively buffering marchers from the protesters during the procession, failed to protect people leaving Buddha Beach later that evening, when, according to parade organizers, 11 attacks took place in the vicinity of the club against gays, two of whom required medical treatment. A freelance photographer for the Hungarian News Agency MTI won 2nd place in the 2007 World Press Photo contest with his photograph of two gay German tourists who were among those attacked following the parade. Several civil organizations in Hungary and Amnesty International criticized the Budapest police (BRFK) for failing to sufficiently protect participants in the 2007 Budapest gay parade, both during and after the event. The BRFK subsequently initiated disciplinary procedures against one officer for failing to respond to a call for police protection following the parade.
2008.
Budapest Police Chief Gábor Tóth, evidently aware that the 2008 Gay Dignity Procession was likely to elicit even greater protest than that in 2007, on June 11 informed the event's organizer, the Rainbow Mission Foundation Misszió Alapítvány, that the BRFK had prohibited its request to hold the 2008 parade along Andrássy Avenue on July 5 on the grounds that it would "impede the circulation of mass transit and vehicle traffic". Fifteen Hungarian gay organizations, including the Rainbow Mission Foundation, sent a letter to the BRFK the following day protesting the decision, urging the Budapest police "not to try to prevent expected right-wing extremist attacks on the parade by forbidding it, but to do its duty to defend the marchers from expected aggression." Additionally, liberal Budapest Mayor Gábor Demszky refuted Chief Tóth's claim that the parade would unduly obstruct traffic in the vicinity of Andrássy Avenue, while the Hungarian Civil Liberties Union (known in its Hungarian-language acronymic form as TASZ) and the Hungarian Helsinki Committee Helsinki Bizottság human rights organization also denounced the BRFK's prohibition of the parade. (TASZ announced that it would provide Hungarian gay organizations with legal services in the event that they chose to file a lawsuit against the BRFK for banning the parade, noting that the Budapest police routinely closes Andrássy Avenue to vehicle traffic for weekend events, most recently for the National Gallop equestrian show held on the weekend of May 31-June 1, 2008.) The BRFK retracted its prohibition of the gay parade the very same day, on June 12, announcing one week later that it had approved the Rainbow Mission Foundation's original request to hold the event along the established route on the customary first Saturday of July.
The most influential right-wing extremist groups and websites immediately went on the offensive following the announcement that the Budapest gay parade would be held as usual in 2008. On June 18, Budaházy and his close associate, the leader of the radical-nationalist 64 Counties Youth Movement Vármegye Ifjúsági Mozgalom László Toroczkai, issued a joint communiqué regarding the parade:
We will not permit aberrant foreigners of this or that color to force their alien and sick world on Hungary. We hereby publicly declare that we, ourselves, will defend the Hungarian capital. Every Hungarian patriot is needed! Stand among the defenders, or form defensive forces from among your groups and organizations, and come to the Oktogon in Budapest at 4 o'clock in the afternoon of July 5.! It is our moral duty to act...
The Rainbow Rampage, the aggressive pederast caravan of degenerate foreigners that is traversing Europe, will arrive to its final stop in Budapest on July 4, Freemasonry's biggest holiday and the anniversary of the signing of America's Declaration of Independence, in order to celebrate queerdom in our capital for several days on end. Beginning at 4 p.m. on July 5, this exhibitionist queer rabble will hold a public procession and street ball, trampling under foot all fundamental traditional moral values and proclaiming Hungary's occupation by aberrants and foreigners.
HOWEVER.
During these days, we Hungarian patriots will recall the Battle of Pressburg in which the forces of our founding father, Prince Árpád, inflicted a crushing defeat upon the western armies...
The army of Hunnia will defend the capital of the Hungarians on July 5, 2008!.
All the major right-wing radical websites in Hungary published this announcement, whose authors arguably command the greatest capacity in the country to mobilize right-wing extremists for engagement in violent street action. Also on June 18, the Hungarian Self-Defense Movement (known in its Hungarian-language acronymic form as MÖM), which had been involved in organizing protests against the previous two gay parades, published an appeal on the organization's website under the heading "On July 5 we will attack out of self-defense!":
We summon all Hungarians, responsibly minded families, fathers and mothers,
to all come and expel the pederast horde once and for all! We cannot simply watch passively as such genetic trash shows a bad example for our children! ... We call upon all Hungarian self-defenders to resist on Saturday afternoon on July 5, we will meet at the designated place! We will unite our forces at the Oktogon!
On June 28, an anonymous self-described founding member of a fan club for the Budapest soccer team Ferencváros, whose supporters have a highly publicized history of hooliganism and participation in right-wing extremist street aggression, published a letter on MÖM 's website stating that "we are answering the Hungarian Self-Defense Movement's appeal":
We will be there! With weapons if we must, with bare hands if we must, but we will not let things stand as they are! Let those who oppose us tremble with fear!
On June 19, Tomcat proposed on his website Bomb Factory (Bombagyár) that a straight parade be held at the same time as the gay parade:
The annual "gay pride" day is coming as usual. The queers spend millions on their exhibitionism so that a few hundred people can put their perversions on display for the world. Are there enough healthy, heterosexual people out there, who marching opposite them, not shouting, not throwing things (we don’t need a parade to do this), perhaps holding hands with their partners, to show that the love of the opposite sex is worth more?
On June 26, Hungary’s primary right-wing extremist website, Kuruc.info, published a list of gay bars, cafés, saunas, guest houses and hotels in Budapest. This was an ominous development, since beginning in December 2007 a group called the Arrows of the Hungarians National Liberation Army (Magyarok Nyilai Nemzeti Felszabadító Hadsereg) had firebombed several residences and other locations implicitly identified as targets on the website. Early the following morning, a Molotov cocktail was thrown into the entry of the gay-frequented Action Bar in Budapest, while on the morning of July 2, four Molotov cocktails were tossed into one ot the city's sauna Gay bathhouse in Budapest, slightly injuring one of the establishment’s employees. On July 3, Kuruc.info reported on the latter firebombing under the title Cleansing Fire Licks Another Mini Sodom in which the website noted that "Incidentally, we drew the attention of our readers to the sauna, just in case they wanted a little hot air." Though the Arrows of the Hungarians did not claim responsibility for the firebombings as the organization had done in previous cases, usually publishing video recordings of the attacks, Kuruc.info asked the largely rhetorical question following the assault on the Action Bar "has the Arrows of the Hungarians National Liberation Army struck again?" Kuruc.info further prepared its readers for the gay parade with the publication of detailed instructions, including pictures, two days before the event, on how to fill eggs with dye for throwing at the marchers in the procession.
Tomcat, meanwhile, began the process of organizing his heterosexual counter-procession, though he was first compelled to explain how it was that he had actually marched in the 2004 Gay Dignity Procession:
. . . I participated carrying a "NOT ME" sign, though I did not want to eliminate or throw things at anybody. In fact, I found the events that took place there to be absolutely acceptable... Yes, I observed the 2004 queer parade from the inside. I also took photos and chatted with the queers. I met among them some old buddies as well. And I still maintain that there was no problem with that parade. But I also maintain that now, in 2008, go ahead and bombard them with all sorts of stuff and eradicate their organizers. . . In 2004, and earlier I think, there were neither fags running around half naked, nor pink-Bible-licking obscenities, nor rump rummagers jumping all over each other in public... However, one year later the Pride had totally changed and was not simply a party for queers. Politics had got hold of it by that time, the lackey media did the job of vilifying the "homophobes," and the whole thing degenerated into an unprincipled advertisement for wild-liberal values... The standard has been sinking ever since. It is no accident that fewer and fewer normal homos support the parade... With regard to my allegedly boundless homophobia, it is enough to note that Bomb Factory has a gay editor as well. He doesn’t make any particular secret out of it. And I have several gay friends and acquaintances besides him as well. None of them will be there the gay parade on Saturday. Surely they are "far-right extremists" too.
On July 1, Tomcat summoned his so-called "factory dwellers" to prepare for the Bomb Factory counter-procession:
There are only a couple of days left until the Saturday street battles, so it is time that we began getting ready. Of course, we would not for the world harm those dear homosexual people, who want to truck down the entire length of Andrássy Avenue, but let’s at least show them that we are here on this world as well... We welcome all our healthy, heterosexual friends and also those homos who condemn those lunatics dressed in their disgusting garb and kindly decline to have these people represent them. Our procession will travel along the same route as that of the queers, and we will proceed down Andrássy Avenue opposite them. We won’t yell, we won’t throw things, we won’t murder—the Kuruc people will do that in our place.
And finally, on the night before the parade, Tomcat issued a last reminder:
 
You haven’t forgotten have you? ... We welcome everybody, and bring your partners with you. Those who would like to beat up queers can join Budaházy’s group, though I don’t see a very good opportunity to do this with so many cops around... Our demonstration will not be violent, we aren’t going to throw things or fight. Of course, it is still possible to thwart the queer parade. A kind Bomb Factory dweller is organizing an egg-throwing team. Those interested should contact...
The far-right Movement for a Better Hungary (Jobbik), which had led efforts to organize demonstrations against previous Budapest Gay Dignity Processions, remained inactive with regard to the 2008 parade until the morning of the event, when the party published the following communiqué on its website:
 
Ban the Queer Procession from Budapest!
The instigators motivated in the force field of the extreme-liberal SZDSZ are marching on the streets to demonstrate in favor of their deviant views this year as well... We inform the misguided people preparing to take to the streets: you can still turn back before you collide the walls of awakening and organizing social resistance!
There is currently a government-inspired show-like trial taking place against the Hungarian Guard Gárda, while liberals and left-wingers within several local councils have initiated the prohibition of this charitable organization from their territory, including Budapest. At the same time, the police, in conformity with Mayor Gábor Demszky’s expectations, chose to review their original decision and permitted the initially banned homosexual event...
We request that the self-defined Christian-conservative MDF and Fidesz-KDNP not distance themselves from Jobbik and the Hungarian Guard, but from the true extremists. We urge them to read the Old Testament, Leviticus 20:13: "If a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman, both of them have done what is detestable. They must be put to death; their blood will be on their own heads."
The BRFK had good reason to suspect, as the political daily Népszabadság reported on June 25, that "marchers would be exposed to more and increasingly brutal attacks than last year." All of Hungary's main right-wing extremist leaders, organizations and media—Budaházy, Torockai, Tomcat, the Hungarian Self-Defense Movement, the Hungarian National Committee Jobbik, ostensibly the Arrows of the Hungarians Liberation Army, Kuruc.info, Bombagyár, Holy Crown Radio (Szent Korona Rádió), Barikád.hu—had rallied with an exceptional degree of unity and purpose behind the cause of "defending the capital" against the "pederast horde." (Already in June, the main pages of the Kuruc.info and the Hungarian Self-Defense Movement websites had displayed countdown clocks showing the number of days, hours, minutes and seconds until the start of the 2008 Budapest gay parade.) Far-right attacks on gay parades held the previous weekend in Brno Czech Republic and Sofia, Bulgaria, both of which resulted in a considerable number of arrests, were also a powerful portent of what was likely to take place at the 13th Budapest Gay Dignity Procession.
At the parade, as police helicopters hovered overhead, protesters broke down the tall metal fences surrounding the parade's endpoint at Heroes' Square. They threw eggs, bottles, rocks, and firecrackers at the marchers, and cobblestones and gasoline bombs at police. At least 10 people were injured, including two policemen, and three media trucks were damaged; they hit, among others, liberal MP Gabor Horn, and broke the window of the police car in which Hungarian Socialist Party MEP Katalin Levai was riding with Gábor Szetey, the first out gay member of Hungary's government. Riot police dispersed the protesters using tear gas and water cannons. A total of 45 to 49 people were arrested. The police protection of the parade had an estimated cost of 500 000 dollars (100 million HUF) for the protection of ~200 gay demonstrators witch became an unusually high cost per person in Hungary.
2009.
The police kept protestors, but also other onlookers and well-wishers, one block away from Andrássy Road, so that the march had no contact to the public, although it was extensively covered by television. An infiltrator attempted to disrupt the march by bursting balloons, but was frightened away by booing.
However, some protestors threw stones at the police and burned the rainbow flag used by the organisers of the parade.

</doc>
<doc id="18367078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367078" title="Michael Grant (young adult author)">
Michael Grant (young adult author)

Michael Grant (born July 26, 1954) is an American author of young adult fiction. He has written over 150 books, though most are as a co-author with his wife. Together they have written the "Animorphs" and the "Everworld" book series. Grant is the sole author of the "Gone" and "The Magnificent 12" series. Grant was raised in a military family, attending ten schools in five states, as well as three schools in France. As an adult, he became a writer in part because "it was one of the few jobs that wouldn't tie him down to a specific location. He has lived in almost 50 homes in 14 states." According to the back flap of one of his books: "He lives in California with his wife, Katherine Applegate, and their two children, and far too many pets." He currently lives in Tiburon, California. His top selling book was Gone; as it was such a success with teenagers. In the "Gone" series, there are currently six books starting with "Gone" and ending with "Light", which the author said will be the conclusion to the series. At the moment he is working on a new book called "Messenger of Fear" as well as a new series called "Soldier Girl".

</doc>
<doc id="18367094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367094" title="Meremäe">
Meremäe

Meremäe (also known as Mihailova, Mihailovo) is a village in Võru County, southeastern Estonia. It's the administrative centre of Meremäe Parish. The biggest settlements nearby include Vastseliina ( west), town of Võru ( northwest) and Russian town Pechory ( northeast). As of 2011 Census, the village's population was 146.
There are primary school, library and a society centre operating in Meremäe.

</doc>
<doc id="18367096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367096" title="Kapalabhati (Hatha Yoga)">
Kapalabhati (Hatha Yoga)

Kapalabhati (pronounced KAH-pah-lah-BAH-tee) (aka Kapalbhati, or Bhalabhai in the Gherand Samhita), is an important part of Shatkarma (sometimes known as Shatkriya), the yogic system of body cleansing techniques. The word kapalbhati is made up of two words: "kapal" meaning 'skull' (here skull includes all the organs under the skull too) and "bhati" meaning 'shining, illuminating.' Due to the process, the organs under the skull mainly the brain and the small brain are influenced in a good manner. Hence the word is used in that way. It is intended mainly to the cleaning of the cranial sinuses but has many other effects, according to the Gherand Samhita and other sources. The Technique of Kapalabhati involves short and strong forceful exhalations and inhalation happens automatically. There are three forms of Kapalabhati: 

</doc>
<doc id="18367115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367115" title="Raymond Spencer Rodgers">
Raymond Spencer Rodgers

Raymond Spencer Rodgers (1935–2007) was a British-born American educator and futurist who spent most of his adult life in Canada.
Education and early career.
Born in 1935, Rodgers held a master's degree in International Affairs and a doctorate in Public Law and Government from Columbia University. In 1966 he accepted a teaching position at the University of Southwestern Louisiana (now the University of Louisiana at Lafayette), where he became interested in saving the Cajun French dialect from extinction — an eminent threat by the second half of the twentieth century. “Louisiana should fight to preserve the French language," he noted. "But unless the fight starts now . . . all is lost.” Rodgers called for closer ties between south Louisiana and French Canada, and was appointed by Louisiana governor John McKeithen to map out the Quebec-Louisiana Cultural Agreement, which arranged for artistic, educational, and economic exchanges between the two regions. Rodgers was an original member of the Council for the Development of French in Louisiana (CODOFIL), having been appointed to the organization by its first president, former Louisiana congressman Jimmy Domengeaux.
Rodgers as futurist.
Rodgers returned to Canada in 1968 to teach at the University of Winnipeg. It was during this period that he renewed an early interest in futurism, particularly in regard to the computer and its possible impact on society. As a result of this reflection, in 1971 Rodgers self-published a booklet on the subject titled "Man in the Telesphere". In this essay he described the emergence of an “electronic web” and observed, “The future system is a global society, expressing a kaleidoscope of tastes within a common ethic, eschewing imposition serviced by a multi-directional web of computerized electronic technology and macro/micro transportation; living in a milieu where centers cease to be primarily physical locations; governed by a structure passing to decentralized unity; and unfolding as a transcendental organism dialectically both collectivist and individualistic in capacity.”
Among Rodgers’ other futurist works was an essay on “transcending the food cycle” in which, according to one author, “He suggested that humanity - perhaps more 'easily' in the future on locations other than the surface of Earth — deliberately seek to transcend the food chain and directly manufacture nutrition from inert materials, for meta-ethical reasons.” Rodgers argued that “Life as we know it . . . is predicated on a system — the food chain — in which plants and animals murder one another. Murdering living vegetation is as much a form of predation as any other. . . .”
Controversy.
In his later years, Rodgers served as president of Vancouver University Worldwide — described on its web site as “a consortium of globally located public and private institutions” — which in 2007 was ordered by the British Columbia Supreme Court “to stop granting degrees in B.C.” because the school was “breaking the province's Degree Authorization Act by offering degrees without permission.” Rodgers responded by stating “We don’t conduct degree programs in B.C. . . . . The degrees are printed in other jurisdictions and signed outside of B.C. and have been for some time.”
Rodgers died in the midst of this controversy on June 5, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18367127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367127" title="Khaliya Aga Khan">
Khaliya Aga Khan

Princess Khaliya Aga Khan (born "Kristin White") is a philanthropist, venture capitalist, tech aficionado, public health specialist and active advocate for social change. Both her professional and philanthropic work focus on the intersection of design, technology and social entrepreneurship. She sits on the board of Venture for America and Nexus Youth Summit and is a patron of the TED conference. An avid art collector, she is on the Young Acquisitions Council for the Guggenheim, the Whitney Contemporaries and the Metropolitan Museum's Apollo Circle.
She received her Masters degree in Public Health from Columbia University, her Bachelors degree in European Studies and International Affairs from New York University, and served as a Peace Corps Volunteer in Bulgaria from 1999 to 2001. She also studied Computer Science at New York University and Film at the New York Film Academy.
Princess Khaliya was previously married to Prince Hussain Aga Khan, son of Prince Karim Aga Khan (Aga Khan IV) who is the spiritual leader to approximately 15 million Ismaili Muslims.
Prince Hussain (second son of His Highness the Aga Khan and Princess Salimah Aga Khan) and Princess Khaliya were married at the Chateau de Chantilly on 16 September 2006. Born Kristin White, she adopted the name Khaliya upon embracing Islam, the day of her marriage, on Saturday 16 September. The two are now divorced but remain on good terms. 

</doc>
<doc id="18367133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367133" title="Jaanimäe">
Jaanimäe

Jaanimäe is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367136" title="Alford Town railway station">
Alford Town railway station

Alford Town was a railway station on the East Lincolnshire Railway which served the town of Alford in Lincolnshire between 1848 and 1970. It originally opened as "Alford", but was renamed in 1923. Withdrawal of goods facilities took place in 1966, followed by passenger services in 1970. The line through the station is closed.
History.
The station was opened on 3 September 1848 as "Alford" after the town of Alford, and renamed following the railway grouping in 1923 to "Alford Town" to distinguish it from on the Alford Valley Railway and on the Langport and Castle Cary Railway. It was constructed by Peto and Betts civil engineering contractors who, in January 1848, had taken over the contract to construct the section of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and from John Waring and Sons. This section was the last to be completed in September 1848 at an agreed cost of £123,000 (£ as of ). The station was served by the Alford and Sutton Tramway to Sutton-on-Sea from 2 April 1884 to 7 December 1889.
The station building is similar in style to that at . Access was had through a three-arch portico entrance which led to a passageway to the up platform, a large parcels office and the booking office. The southern end of the station comprised the stationmaster's quarters and the ladies' waiting room. Twin facing platforms were provided; a general waiting room, storeroom, stationmaster's office and porter's room were located on the up platform. The platforms were initially covered by a roof which was subsequently replaced after the Second World War. A signal box was situated on the down side near the road crossing to the north-west of the station. Behind the down platform lay a goods yard with a loading dock, goods shed capable to taking 9 wagons which also served as a grain store and a 15-ton crane. The shed and crane were destroyed during a bombing raid in the Second World War, which led to Alford's only wartime casualty: the shunt horse driver who was on fire watch in the yard.
By 1953, Alford was dealing with 50-60 passenger and goods trains per day. These included ironstone trains from High Dyke to the Frodingham Ironworks, and coal trains from Colwick. The July 1922 timetable saw seven up and six down weekday services, plus one Sunday service each way, call at Alford. The station was closed to goods traffic on 2 May 1966 and to passengers on 5 October 1970. 
Present day.
The trackbed is partly the driveway to a new house next to the site of a former level crossing. The station building is now part of the aptly named "Beeching's Way Industrial Estate". The main buildings were, in 1995, occupied by John White (Alford) Printers, which used a workshop erected across part of the trackbed and abutting the station building. The remaining section of the trackbed to the rear of the station has been infilled and used as a car park. The platform roof has been removed In 2009, the station building and attached industrial unit were sold to Jackson's Building Centres and reopened as building suppliers. The station building has been extensively restored externally.

</doc>
<doc id="18367146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367146" title="Möldri, Vastseliina Parish">
Möldri, Vastseliina Parish

Möldri is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367152" title="Rasva">
Rasva

Rasva is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367163" title="1968 Major League Baseball expansion draft">
1968 Major League Baseball expansion draft

The 1968 Major League Baseball expansion draft was conducted to stock up the rosters of four expansion teams in Major League Baseball created via the 1969 Major League Baseball expansion and which would begin play in the 1969 season.
The expansion draft for the Montreal Expos and the San Diego Padres was held on October 14, 1968. The expansion draft for the Kansas City Royals and the Seattle Pilots was held on October 15, 1968.
Background.
Montreal Expos.
On December 2, 1967, Gerry Snyder presented a bid for a Montreal franchise to Major League Baseball's team owners at their winter meetings in Mexico City. One potential wild card in Montreal's favour was that the chair of the National League's expansion committee was influential Los Angeles Dodgers president Walter O'Malley, under whom the minor league Montreal Royals had become affiliated with the Dodgers. On May 27, 1968, O'Malley announced that franchises were being awarded to Montreal and San Diego, beginning play the following year (1969).
Business executive Charles Bronfman of the Seagram's distilling empire owned the new team. With a long history of use in Montreal, the "Royals" was one of the candidate nicknames for the new franchise, but the American League's new Kansas City team adopted this name, so the new owners conducted a contest to name the team. Many names were suggested by Montrealers (including the "Voyageurs" and in a coincidental twist, the "Nationals" — now used by the team in its new home in Washington, D.C.) but there was a clear winner. At the time, the city was still basking in the glow of the recently completed Expo 67, the most popular World's Fair to date, and so the name "Expos" was used. The Expos name also had the advantage of being the same in either English or French, the city's two dominant languages.
San Diego Padres.
The Padres adopted their name from the Pacific Coast League team which arrived in San Diego in 1936. That minor league franchise won the PCL title in 1937, led by then-18-year-old San Diegan Ted Williams. Their original owner was C. Arnholt Smith, a prominent San Diego businessman and former owner of the PCL Padres whose interests included banking, tuna fishing, hotels, real estate and an airline. The team was led by longtime baseball executive Buzzie Bavasi.
Kansas City Royals.
The "Royals" name originates from the American Royal Livestock Show, held in Kansas City since 1899. Entering Major League Baseball as an expansion franchise in 1969, the club was founded by Ewing Kauffman, a Kansas City businessman. The franchise was established following the actions of Stuart Symington, then-United States Senator from Missouri, who demanded a new franchise for the city after the Athletics—Kansas City's previous major league team—moved to Oakland, California.
Seattle Pilots.
Seattle initially had much going for it when it joined the American League in 1969. Seattle had long been a hotbed for minor league baseball and was home to the Seattle Rainiers, one of the pillars of the Pacific Coast League (PCL). The Cleveland Indians had almost moved to Seattle in . Many of the same things that attracted the Indians made Seattle a plum choice for an expansion team. Seattle was the third-biggest metropolitan area on the West Coast (behind Los Angeles and San Francisco Bay Area).
Notes.
The Expos acquired Bobby Wine as compensation after Larry Jackson decided to retire rather than report to Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="18367164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367164" title="Rebasemõisa">
Rebasemõisa

Rebasemõisa is a settlement in Karula Parish, Valga County in southern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367171" title="Taudsa">
Taudsa

Tautsa is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367174" title="Authorpe railway station">
Authorpe railway station

Authorpe was a railway station on the East Lincolnshire Railway, which served the village of Authorpe in Lincolnshire between 1848 and 1964. The station was closed to passengers in 1961, and withdrawal of goods facilities took place in 1964. The line through the station is closed.
History.
The station was opened on 3 September 1848 after the hamlet of Authorpe which lies to the east. It was constructed by Peto and Betts civil engineering contractors who, in January 1848, had taken over the contract to construct the section of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and from John Waring and Sons. This section was the last to be completed in September 1848 at an agreed cost of £123,000 (£ as of ). Authorpe station was one mile to the north of Aby for Claythorpe station and straddled a level crossing over Scrub Lane which runs through the centre of Authorpe. Staggered platforms were situated either side of the crossing gates, which were controlled by a signal box located on the down side of the line and to the north of the crossing. The signal box also controlled the goods yard opposite the up platform which comprised two sidings; the station dealt with a variety of goods including livestock. Opposite the signal box on the north side of the crossing was the stationmaster's house incorporating a booking office. A small brick waiting shelter was provided for passengers using the up platform. The station was closed to passengers on 11 September 1961, the same day as Aby for Claythorpe, but goods facilities remained for a further two-and-a-half years until 30 March 1964.
Present day.
The stationmaster's house has survived as a private residence and has been extended. The trackbed adjacent to the house is now incorporated into the garden, comprised within which is the down platform. The degraded remains of the up platform remain in an overgrown state. It is also possible that the goods shed may have survived.

</doc>
<doc id="18367185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367185" title="Uue-Saaluse">
Uue-Saaluse

Uue Saaluse is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367191" title="Crash Worship">
Crash Worship

Crash Worship or ADRV (Adoración De Rotura Violenta) was a San Diego based experimental-aktionist-industrial-noise performance group formed in 1986, most renowned for its live shows in which three stand-up percussionists hammered out concussive poly-rhythms to abstract mutated guitar, synthesizers, effects and dualling vocalists. Audience members were showered in various substances such as blood, wine and honey while band members ignited combustibles and fire within the performance area. Crash Worship also released several albums and singles of both live and studio-recorded music. Mostly self produced (unusually packaged and laboriously handcrafted) works in visually stunning screen printed metal splattered with paint, urine, blood and other esoterica. Although they toured playing their recorded material, the celebratory nature of these events left each show open to spontaneity & improvisation.
Biography.
Initially starting as a studio project, Crash Worship soon learned the power of a live audience. During performances, the band's members (or often provocateurs) would manipulate the crowd, involving them more deeply into the show, ultimately eliminating any boundaries between spectator and performer. The musicians would also mobilize their instruments on and off the stage into the middle of the audience (or outside), lighting explosives and hosing down the crowd with various liquids creating an atmosphere of celebratory abandon and mirth. Strobe lights, nudity, mysterious liquids, sex and smoke filled rooms (at next to zero visibility) were all a part of the average show. The chaos of these events often invited unwanted attention from police who would later forcibly shut down a large percentage of the band's performances.
BLOOD & FIRE.
After much successful touring of the United States, Crash Worship followed suit with two full European tours in the mid-90s. It was also around this time the band was deemed "unmanageable" by many labels, booking agencies and clubs which proved difficult to tour much afterward. Although at the height of notoriety, Crash Worship had been banned from countless cities across the United States making it almost impossible touring there or abroad.
In late 1999, the last Crash Worship performances were held in California, four being with the Master Musicians of Jajouka (in the Bay Area), the Aztlan Theatre (abandoned Los Angeles County Jail), and to a female only audience in San Francisco. The final Crash Worship performance was held in San Diego, California on October 24, 1999, with Physics and Tarantula Hawk as openers. Members are now scattered around the U.S. in New Orleans, Portland, New York City, San Diego and the Bay Area, active with their own solo and side projects.

</doc>
<doc id="18367200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367200" title="Varkali">
Varkali

Varkali is a settlement in Meremae Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367213" title="Our World (TV series)">
Our World (TV series)

Our World is an American television news series that ran for 26 episodes, from September 25, 1986 to May 28, 1987. The show was anchored by Linda Ellerbee and Ray Gandolf. Each episode of the series examined, through the use of archival film and television footage, one short period in American history. "Our World" aired on ABC.
"Our World" grew out of an earlier ABC News special called "45/85", whose producer, Avram Westin, would go on to produce "Our World". Each episode was produced on a budget of $350,000, less than half of the budget of a typical hour of prime time programming at the time. 
"Our World" premiered to indifferent critical response but as the series progressed critics became effusive with their praise. Despite being critically well received and profitable for the network, "Our World" performed poorly in the Nielsen ratings, as its first half-hour was programmed against the extremely popular "The Cosby Show". ABC canceled the show after one season. Ellerbee tried to move the series to PBS but was unsuccessful.
Production.
"Our World" was created by ABC News president Roone Arledge. The show had its genesis in a 1985 ABC News special called "45/85", a three-hour documentary that reviewed post-World War II history with an emphasis on the Cold War. That special was produced by Avram "Av" Westin, who also produced "Our World". Anchors Ellerbee and Gandolf co-wrote "Our World", which combined archival footage with new interviews with people who participated in or witnessed the events. Initial plans were that each episode would cover one year, but that idea was quickly scrapped; Ellerbee said, "It's hard enough to do a month, or even days."
ABC hired Ellerbee away from NBC to co-anchor the show. The network considered Sander Vanocur, Dick Schaap and James Wooten as possible partners before selecting Gandolf, at the time the sports anchor for ABC's "World News Saturday" and "World News Sunday".
Set designers modeled the set for "Our World" after a corner news stand. For each episode, artifacts of the period being profiled, including magazines and political posters, decorated the set and a movie marquee listed the title of a film that was in theatres of the time. In the foreground was placed an "Our World" newspaper the headlines of which were the program's title and the name of that program's producer.
Each episode cost $350,000 to produce as compared to the then-typical $800,000 cost of an hour of prime time network programming. The low budget combined with a dozen commercial spots sold at $35,000 each meant that "Our World" generated an estimated $4 million in profit for ABC during its original run and summer repeats.
"Our World" producers selected each episode's subject time period with the help of consultants from the Smithsonian Institution and Columbia University. The show was limited in its choices by the available footage for the given time period. Ellerbee recalled a viewer-submitted proposal for an episode on the American Civil War, which of course could not be made because of the non-existence of archive footage from the 1860s and the lack of any living eyewitnesses.
Critical and popular response.
Critical response to "Our World" was overall very favorable. Reviews of the premiere episode, however, were somewhat tepid, with "The New York Times" saying "There are worse ways to spend an hour" and calling the show "a pleasant hour", while pointing to segments such as an interview with "a man, who, 17 years ago, slept in the house next door to a house struck by the Manson gang", as "not terribly interesting." The "Los Angeles Times" was harsher, calling the debut "rather bland". While praising anchors Ellerbee and Gandolf, calling them "refreshing off-center, running against the TV mainstream, making words, not whoopee", the "Times" ultimately felt that ""Our World" offers no sense of who we really were in 1969 because, typical of TV, it renders everything equal."
With subsequent episodes, reviews improved. The "Boston Globe", comparing its debut episode ("a gloppy nostalgia trip that presented history the way MTV presents rock, in digestible, unrelated, bland bite-sized bits") to an episode airing less than five months later, found it "light years ahead in terms of wit, style and historical perspective. It is still easily digestible, but there's nothing bland about it." The "St. Petersburg Times" said of the show, "It educated, but it was not school. It entertained, but it was not mindless. It was quality - television's noblest service." The "San Diego Union" concurred, citing "Our World" as "the most refreshing, fascinating and innovative history series ever on TV".
Popular response was much less effusive. The show averaged 9 million viewers per episode, as compared to "The Cosby Show", which garnered an average 63 million viewers per week. "Our World" was the lowest rated prime time show of the 104 that aired during the 1986-7 television season, bringing in only a 6.5/10 rating/share. One segment of the public who responded very favorably to the program was teachers, who assigned "Our World" as homework. ABC created a study guide for the show, mailing out some 39,000 copies a month to educators and fans.
Gandolf, Ellerbee and Richard Gerdau won Emmy Awards for Outstanding Individual Achievement in News and Documentary Programming (writing) for the episode "Halloween 1938".
Cancelation and PBS.
ABC canceled "Our World" after its first season, replacing it with the situation comedies "Sledge Hammer!" and "The Charmings". Ellerbee and Gandolf learned that the show had been canceled from a segment on "Entertainment Tonight". Ellerbee sharply criticized ABC for the cancellation, saying "If they had left it there for three to four years, it could have done what "60 Minutes" did, which went against the Disney juggernaut on NBC. It could have developed slowly as an alternative program without being in the ratings race." The advocacy group Viewers for Quality Television mounted a letter-writing campaign to save the show – similar to campaigns that had saved "Designing Women" and "Cagney and Lacey" – and generated some 20,000 letters of support, but the campaign was unsuccessful.
PBS expressed interest in obtaining the show. Although ABC asserted rights to the name "Our World," Ellerbee said "We never liked that title to begin with" and stated that the name "Your World" was under consideration. Ellerbee planned to co-produce the show through her production company, Lucky Duck Productions, in partnership with WNET. Ultimately, Ellerbee was unable to secure the estimated $5 million needed to produce the first season of 13 episodes and "Our World" did not make the transition to PBS.
In 1988, CBS tried to revive the format of "Our World" with a television pilot called "Try to Remember". Anchored by veteran newscaster Charles Kuralt, "Try to Remember" covered August 11–17, 1969, echoing "Our World"'s pilot coverage of the summer of 1969. The show aired on Thursday, June 23. "Try to Remember" did not get picked up as a regular series.

</doc>
<doc id="18367215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367215" title="Vinski">
Vinski

Vinski is a settlement in Meremae Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367223" title="Järvepalu">
Järvepalu

Järvepalu is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367224" title="Great Prophet III">
Great Prophet III

Great Prophet III (Payambar-e Azam 3) was an Iranian missile test and war games exercise, conducted by Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guards. It began in the early morning of 9 July 2008, when Iran claimed nine missiles were simultaneously test-fired, including a long-range Shahab-3. Further tests, which one report claimed included another Shahab-3 launch, were conducted on 10 July. The exercise was reported to be a response to Israeli and American military exercises which the Iranian government believed to be related to a proposed attack on facilities related to Iran's nuclear programmes.
The commander of the Iran's Revolutionary Guards' air force, Hossein Salami, said that the test proved that "our missiles are ready for shooting at any place and any time, quickly and with accuracy". However, Iranian Minister for Defence Mostafa Mohammad-Najjar insisted that the missiles are "only intended for those who dare attack Iran". After the test, prices of oil and gold, already at or near all time highs, increased worldwide. Oil hit a new record (over $147 per barrel) on Friday, July 11, 2008, continuing a weekly string of records.
Disputes.
Photograph.
Several sources have alleged that one of the photos of the actual launch was doctored by the "Sepah News" website, which is affiliated with the Iranian Revolutionary Guards. The photo was originally published by "Agence France-Presse's" news wire attributing it to "Sepah News", and was later determined to be digitally altered. The altered photo showed a fourth Zelzal missile being launched that was digitally cloned over the top of a failed missile. Michele McNally of "The New York Times" said the alterations were done "rather sloppily in some places" and James Brown, a journalism professor from Indiana University, described the alterations as "amateurish". "Agence France-Presse" issued a correction to its wire release on July 10 warning that the photo was "apparently digitally altered."
Types of missile.
On 12 July 2008, "The New York Times" claimed that numerous deceptions in the weapon test had occurred, including doctored photos and videos that showed multiple different angles of the same launches to make the launches appear more numerous. Experts who analysed the Shahab-3 launch alleged that the shorter ranged Shahab-3A was used instead of the Shahab-3B, as claimed by the Iranians. The Associated Press also claimed that no new capabilities had been demonstrated and that the Shahab-3 tested was not different in size from those tested in 1998. US officials also claimed that the video released looked "remarkably similar to previous tests."
The "Chicago Tribune" reported that Charles Vick, an analyst with GlobalSecurity.org, has claimed that the second Shahab-3 fired was actually a short range Scud-C missile. He also claimed the tests as, "basically a demonstration of all the weapon systems they bought from Russia, China or North Korea over the last decade."

</doc>
<doc id="18367227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367227" title="1812 (disambiguation)">
1812 (disambiguation)

1812 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18367235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367235" title="Lüllemäe">
Lüllemäe

Lüllemäe is a village in Valga County, in southern Estonia. It's the administrative centre of Karula Parish. Lüllemäe has a population of 202 (as of 1 January 2004).
Lüllemäe is home to Karula St. Mary's church. The church was first mentioned in 1392, but it is believed to have been built in 1318. Meanwhile it has been demolished several times, last in the World War II in 1944. The latest new church was built in 1997. There are also four historical cemeteries in Lüllemäe.

</doc>
<doc id="18367240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367240" title="Tsolli, Vastseliina Parish">
Tsolli, Vastseliina Parish

Tsolli is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367242" title="Legbourne Road railway station">
Legbourne Road railway station

Legbourne Road was a railway station on the East Lincolnshire Railway which served the village of Legbourne in Lincolnshire between 1848 and 1964. The station was closed to passengers in 1953, and withdrawal of goods facilities took place in 1964. The line through the station is closed. The station once housed a museum containing railway memorabilia; this closed in 1998 and the building is once again a private residence.
History.
The station was opened on 3 September 1848 as "Legbourne" after the village of Legbourne which lies to the east on what is now the A157 road, and renamed in May 1880 in an acknowledgement that there was some distance between the village and the station. It was constructed by Peto and Betts civil engineering contractors who, in January 1848, had taken over the contract to construct the section of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and from John Waring and Sons. This section was the last to be completed in September 1848 at an agreed cost of £123,000 (£ as of ). The line passed over two level crossings before it reached Legbourne village: the first over the A157 and the second over Mill Lane. The station was situated to the south of the first crossing which, despite its distance from the village, was possibly chosen because it was the more important of the two roads crossed.
As with other stations on the line, Legbourne was provided with staggered platforms situated either side of the crossing; a signal box lay on the northern side of the crossing and as well as controlling the gates, also regulated access to the two sidings on the down side adjacent to the crossing, which were the station's only goods facilities. The station did not handle livestock. The stationmaster's house is similar in style to that found at other stations on the line and was sited adjacent to the crossing on the down side. The July 1922 timetable saw four up and down weekday services, plus one Sunday service each way, call at Legbourne Road. The station was closed to passengers on 7 December 1953, one of the first such closures on the East Lincolnshire Line, but goods facilities (downgraded to an unstaffed public siding) remained for a further ten-and-a-half years until 15 June 1964.
Present day.
The platforms were removed before closure and the signal box was demolished in December 1970. The main station building was later restored by Mike Legge as a museum housing a collection of railwayana. The museum acquired a signal box which had controlled the crossing of the Alford and Sutton Tramway by the Mablethorpe Loop Line at a point on the edge of Sutton-on-Sea. The box had survived the closure of both lines and had remained in the middle of a field until the 1980s. A large Great Northern-style building was constructed near the main station building; this is not original, but was built for the museum. The museum closed in 1998 upon the retirement of the owners and the contents auctioned, but the station remains in good condition as a private residence with the signal box visible from the road.

</doc>
<doc id="18367244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367244" title="Swan Arcade, Bradford">
Swan Arcade, Bradford

The Swan Arcade was a four-storey building located between Market Street and Broadway, Bradford, UK and stood opposite the Wool Exchange. The Bradford Beck ran beneath.
Architecture and history.
The Swan Arcade was designed in the Italianate style by the architects Milnes and France, and was built between 1877 and 1880 from Bolton Woods Stone by J and W Beanland, at a cost of around £150,000. The gates were made by Hodkinson and Co, and Taylor and Parsons. It was opened in 1880 by the Mayor of Bradford and local MP Angus Holden. It was named after the White Swan Inn, which had previously stood on the same site. The west wing, by John Moulson and sons was added in 1881. It covered a 2,630-square yard site. The Arcade had six grand entrances, the main ones on Market Street incorporating graceful swans in stone and ironwork and Charles Street, and, within, four linked arcades with wrought iron glazed roofs and accommodation for offices and stock rooms.
The ground floor occupants included a cigar merchant, a cabinet maker and two tailors. At the start of the 20th century mill owners established offices in the arcade but after many years it reverted to its original role as a shopping centre. The names of the ground floor occupants were originally painted on the windows against a background which shut out the light. So hanging mirrors were placed in such a position that they reflected light from outside into offices and shops. In later years, there were mirrors angled downwards from the sides of the avenues. The original lift, or chain of cages by a gas engine, never stopped running in business hours but it went so slowly that it was easy to step in or out as it reached a floor level and no attendant was needed. It was later replaced by an electric lift. In 1924, thieves raided 30 offices in the Arcade.
J B Priestley worked in the Swan Arcade as an office boy in the years before the First World War and the building had a profound impression on him.
Decline of the Swan Arcade.
In 1954 the Arndale Property Trust Ltd of Wakefield, an investment company which specialised in the development of central shopping and office sites, with extensive holdings in the North and Midlands, privately bought the Swan Arcade in for a reported sum of between £225,000–£250,000 – although the exact figure was never disclosed. The Trust waited eight years for leases to expire so that it could be demolished and replaced with a new shopping centre. At the time Arndale bought it was bringing in rent of £15,481 a year from 112 tenants. Most of the offices were on six-month tenancies and the shops were on leases which were due to expire between 1955 and 1960. A spokesman for the Bradford company appointed to manage the block of shops and offices, S H Chippendale & Co, said that “no immediate material changes” were envisaged. He added: “It will depend on how Broadway develops. We regard it as a site in a developing area.” Work had already started on the adjoining site at the corner of Bank Street and Broadway (now occupied by the Yorkshire Building Society) and this, he said, was bound to have “an improving effect” on the Broadway frontage. On October 13, 1960, the Arndale Property Trust declared that the arcade was to be pulled down and rebuilt “to fit in with Bradford’s central redevelopment”. Demolition would start when tenancy agreements ended in early 1962 and it was hoped that the building of what was to become Arndale House would start in May of that year. In October, 1961, the T&A reported that “Already the upper floors, until recently a hive of trade and activity, are dusty and silent. The lift no longer comes when you call.” In the months prior to its closure, most of the 112 tenants in the Arcade shops and offices had moved out weeks before and there were only two doing business there on the last day. One was an outfitters’ shop, still filled with racks of suits and coats which the staff were to move over the following weekend to Leeds, sometimes described as the ‘city of arcades’. The other was a confectioners’, which was carrying less than its usual Saturday stock. Former tenants and workmen removing fittings were the only other people at work. It was estimated it would take about four months to pull down the city’s only arcade. At the time, J B Priestley declared himself displeased at the demolition plan, because it was in Swan Arcade that he used to work as a very young man. In the interim period and beyond, several other Arndale centres were being built in other locations in northern England and Scotland. Just as Swan Arcade, when it was new, was described as being 50 years ahead of its time, so the Bradford Telegraph and Argus reported that its replacement, according to one of the architects who designed it, was "structurally the most advanced building to be constructed in the United Kingdom". "A sale notice on the window of a men’s outfitters’ shop in Swan Arcade on the final day of business proclaimed ‘The last day’ for when the heavy iron gates were next opened after that night, the demolition men would be moving in.
Demolition and aftermath.
In the first days of March 1962, the last shops closed, the demolition workers moved in and Bradford’s only arcade was reduced to rubble, to be “replaced by a more efficient building to marry with the new city centre.” The Hodkinson and Co/Taylor and Parsons gates were sold off to a wealthy businessman. The following year, on the same site, building work commenced on Arndale House, an eight-storey office block with surrounding shops, which was completed in 1964. Arndale House stands to this day, having survived the ongoing Broadway re-development scheme which commenced in the early 2000s.
The demolition was a typical example of architectural purges in the 1960s, when many Victorian buildings across the UK were replaced with high-rise concrete and glass buildings. The Arndale Centres in general, built in a number of locations in northern England and Scotland were largely successful, but they also attracted a great deal of criticism as they often involved demolishing old buildings – particularly Victorian buildings – and replacing them with modern concrete constructions in a brutalist style. "There are people today amassing stupendous fortunes by systematically destroying our historic centres," raged architectural writer James Lees-Milne, in 1964. "Eventually, all the buildings of the area – good, bad and indifferent – are replaced with chain stores, supermarkets and blocks of flats devoid of all distinction, and all looking alike.”

</doc>
<doc id="18367247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367247" title="Donna Foote">
Donna Foote

Donna Foote is an author and freelance journalist. She has spent most of her career at "Newsweek Magazine" where she covered a range of issues and personalities both domestic and abroad. While based in London she reported on the war in Afghanistan, Pakistan's Benazir Bhutto, tensions in the Middle East, the troubles in Northern Ireland, Diana, Princess of Wales and the British Royal Family, and UK politics and culture. While Deputy Bureau Chief in Los Angeles, she covered the Rodney King riots and the criminal and civil trials of OJ Simpson. She also wrote extensively on education, health and justice issues.
In April 2008, Foote's first book, "Relentless Pursuit: A Year in the Trenches with Teach for America", was published. In it she recreated a year in the life of four Teach for America recruits at Locke High School in South Central Los Angeles, and gave a candid account of their experiences and efforts to improve the educational system. Pulitzer-Prize winning author Robert Coles called her book a "skilled, attentive documentary work that becomes an instrument for the reader's moral and social reflection."
Foote lives in Manhattan Beach, California with her husband Jim Shalvoy and their nineteen-year-old son James.

</doc>
<doc id="18367248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367248" title="Savilöövi">
Savilöövi

Savilöövi is a settlement in Antsla Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367261" title="Serga">
Serga

Serga is a settlement in Meremae Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367269" title="Soodi">
Soodi

Soodi is a settlement in Haanja Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367281" title="Onecyze project">
Onecyze project

onecyze project shortened was founded in 1992 as onecyze, which stands for 'one size'. [ocp is the result of a fusion of two independently initiated bands. The first part is represented by josef gruen, which was the frontman of a pre or old school ebm formation called f.r.e.d. roses emphasizes danger.
jan burzlaff and ShallC, the other part of , coming from an electro, avantgarde act called last pleasure. Suited in the darkwave corner, last pleasure was recognized in the public, when they came up with a track called 'peace and violence'.

</doc>
<doc id="18367289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367289" title="Sutton-on-Sea railway station">
Sutton-on-Sea railway station

Sutton-on-Sea railway station was a station in Sutton-on-Sea, Lincolnshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18367291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367291" title="Londi">
Londi

Londi is a village in Karula Parish, Valga County, in southeastern Estonia. It borders the town of Valga in the northwest, Estonia–Latvia border in the southwest and Valga–Pechory railway in the north. It has a population of 22 (as of 1 January 2004).
The centre of Valga is 7 km away, it's accessible via the Võru road.

</doc>
<doc id="18367299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367299" title="Mõksi">
Mõksi

Mõksi is a settlement in Võru Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367305" title="Mablethorpe railway station">
Mablethorpe railway station

Mablethorpe railway station was a station in the town of Mablethorpe, Lincolnshire which is now closed. The station was demolished soon after closure. Since 1985 only a short section of platform survives forming a wall of a flower bed in a public garden. 
The station was situated on the north side of High Street, between the present-day Station Road and Alexandra Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18367309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367309" title="Käärikmäe">
Käärikmäe

Käärikmäe is a settlement in Karula Parish, Valga County in southern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367315" title="Litsmetsa">
Litsmetsa

Litsmetsa () is a settlement in Antsla Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.
Elias Lönnrot, author of the Finnish epic Kalevala, stayed in Litsmetsa for six days in September 1844. 

</doc>
<doc id="18367323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367323" title="Jõepera, Võru County">
Jõepera, Võru County

Jõepera () is a settlement in Antsla Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367331" title="Tsirgu">
Tsirgu

Tsirgu is a settlement in Meremae Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367335" title="Mustahamba, Rõuge Parish">
Mustahamba, Rõuge Parish

Mustahamba is a settlement in Rõuge Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367336" title="Theddlethorpe railway station">
Theddlethorpe railway station

Theddlethorpe railway station was a station, opened on 17 October 1877 and closed on 5 December 1960, in Theddlethorpe, Lincolnshire on a closed stretch of coastal railway route between Louth and Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="18367341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367341" title="Haabsaare">
Haabsaare

Haabsaare is a settlement in Antsla Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367345" title="List of lovers rock artists">
List of lovers rock artists

This is a list of lovers rock artists. This includes artists who have either been very important to the genre, or have had a considerable amount of exposure (such as in the case of one that has been on a major label, but not limited to such). Groups are listed by the first letter in their name (not including the words "a", "an", or "the"), and individuals are listed by last name.
__NOTOC__
F.
Etana
R.
Helen Rogers

</doc>
<doc id="18367348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367348" title="Holsta">
Holsta

Holsta is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367353" title="Krzysztof Ignaczak">
Krzysztof Ignaczak

Krzysztof Ignaczak (born May 15, 1978 in Wałbrzych) is a Polish men's volleyball player, member of the national Polish team that won gold medal on the European Championship 2009 and World League 2012. Currently, he plays in Polish club Asseco Resovia Rzeszów.
Personal life.
Krzysztof Ignaczak was born in Wałbrzych, Poland. He married to Iwona. They have two children - son Sebastian and daughter Dominika (was born after European Championship 2009). His best friend was Arkadiusz Gołaś, who died in a tragic car accident in 2005. Since then Ignaczak playing with his number - 16.
Career.
Clubs.
He is a five-time Polish champion - he won three titles with BOT Skra Bełchatów and two titles with his current club Asseco Resovia Rzeszów. With team from Bełchatów Polish Cup three times. He is a silver medalist at the CEV Cup (2012) with current club.
National team.
Krzysztof was in the Polish squad when the Polish national team won the gold medal of European Championship 2009. On September 14, 2009 he was awarded The Order of Polonia Restituta. In 2011 the gained three medal with Polish team - silver at World Cup, bronze at European Championship and bronze at World League in Gdańsk, Poland, winning also award for Best Libero. On July 8, 2012 won a gold medal of World League 2012 in Sofia, Bulgary.

</doc>
<doc id="18367361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367361" title="Kitse">
Kitse

Kitse is a settlement in Valgjärve Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367368" title="Kapera">
Kapera

Kapera is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367370" title="Motobomba">
Motobomba

The Motabomba, or more properly the Motobomba FFF (Freri Fiore Filpa), was a pattern-running torpedo used by Italian forces during World War II. The designation "FFF" was derived from the last names the three men involved with its original design: Lieutenant-Colonel Prospero Freri, Captain-Disegnatore Filpa, and Colonel Amedeo Fiore.
The FFF was a diameter electric torpedo which was dropped on a parachute and was designed to steer concentric spirals of between 550 and 4,375 yards (500 and 4,000 m) until it found a target. It weighed , and contained a warhead. Its speed was and it had an endurance of 15–30 minutes. It was acknowledged by the Germans as superior to anything they had and American intelligence was eager to get its hands on it after the Armistice with Italy in September 1943.
Development.
The initial development work on the torpedo was carried out at Parioli, near Rome. It was demonstrated in 1935 to Benito Mussolini, Admiral Domenico Cavagnari, General Giuseppe Valle and other high officials. Freri later demonstrated it at the Germania works at Travemünde, the Luftwaffe experimental trials centre, and the Germans were sufficiently impressed to order 2,000 examples.
500 were ordered for the Regia Aeronautica, the first planned uses for them in combat to be against the British naval bases at Gibraltar and Alexandria in 1940. The limiting factor was the fact that only the Savoia-Marchetti SM.82 bomber had the necessary power and range to deliver such a weapon over such a distance.
The first version of the FFF were designed to enter the water vertically, but it was found that a tilt device allowing it to make a gentler angled entry was less likely to upset the delicate mechanisms, and this was implemented on the second series.
Service history.
The first attack using the FFF was made on July 17, 1942 when three SM.82s flew from Guidonia against Gibraltar, an effort repeated on July 25, both missions aborted before launch. On the night of August 20, a Major Lucchini conducted a successful mission against Gibraltar and this was followed by attacks on targets in Albanian, Libyan, and Egyptian waters. Aircraft of "32 Stormo" attacked Gibraltar once more in June 1941 and in that same month Lieutenant Torelli (based at Rhodes) attacked Alexandria harbour on the night of June 13.
The largest use of the weapon was against the PEDESTAL convoy to Malta on August 12, 1942 when ten Savoia-Marchetti SM.84s of 38 Gruppe's "32 Stormo" launched them against the convoy south of Cape Spartivento, Sardinia. This made the ships of the convoy alter course, which allowed conventional attacks to penetrate the convoy's defences.
By September 1942 the Italians had 80 of the improved Mk 2 version at bases in Sardinia, 50 in Sicily, and 50 more with their experimental (ASI) 5 Squadron.
The Luftwaffe made their first mass attack using the weapon on March 19, 1943 when Junkers Ju 88s launched 72 of them against shipping at Tripoli, sinking two supply ships and damaging the destroyer . "Derwent" was subsequently beached with her engine room flooded and although salvaged and returned to England, was never repaired.
The FFF was subsequently used in attacks against invasion shipping at Bône in Algeria on April 16, 1943 and at Syracuse during the Allied invasion of Sicily later that year. On December 2 a force of 105 Ju 88s attacked Bari harbour with FFFs, destroying 16 Allied ships including the SS "John Harvey", which had been carrying mustard gas.

</doc>
<doc id="18367375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367375" title="Isabella of Savoy">
Isabella of Savoy

Isabella of Savoy (11 March 1591 – 28 August 1626) was a daughter of Charles Emmanuel I, Duke of Savoy and Catherine Michelle of Spain. Her maternal grandparents where Philip II of Spain and Elisabeth of Valois, her paternal grandparents were Emmanuel Philibert, Duke of Savoy and Margaret of France, Duchess of Berry. She was the Hereditary Princess of Modena, dying before her husband succeeded to the Duchy of Modena in 1628.
Life.
Isabella was born in Turin to Charles Emmanuel I, Duke of Savoy and his wife Infanta Catherine Michelle of Spain, a daughter of Philip II of Spain and Elisabeth of France.
Marriage.
In Turin on 22 February 1608 she married Alfonso, Hereditary Prince of Modena (son of Cesare d'Este and Virginia de' Medici), this was a happy marriage, Alfonso was loving and loyal towards his wife. Within two years Isabella bore Alfonso a son, Francesco who would one day succeed his father as Duke of Modena and Reggio. When Isabella died on 28 August 1626 Alfonso was heartbroken, he never remarried and died in 1644. She died as a result of childbirth and before her husband became duke so she was never Duchess of Modena.
Issue.
Isabella and Alfonso had fourteen children in all:

</doc>
<doc id="18367377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367377" title="Hinsa">
Hinsa

Hinsa is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367384" title="Kaagu">
Kaagu

Kaagu is a settlement in Vastseliina Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18367387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367387" title="Saltfleetby railway station">
Saltfleetby railway station

Saltfleetby railway station was a station in Saltfleetby, Lincolnshire on a coastal rail route through rural rural Lincolnshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18367397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367397" title="Saryarka — Steppe and Lakes of Northern Kazakhstan">
Saryarka — Steppe and Lakes of Northern Kazakhstan

Saryarka — Steppe and Lakes of Northern Kazakhstan is a part of the Kazakh Uplands (known in Kazakh as "saryarka", or "yellow range") which has been designated a world heritage site by UNESCO. It was inscribed on July 7, 2008, and is the only natural world heritage site in Kazakhstan.
The site comprises the Naurzum State Nature Reserve (located in Kostanay Province) and Korgalzhyn State Nature Reserve (located in Akmola Province). The two reserves contain wetlands which serve as important stop-over points for migrating birds from Africa, Europe, and South Asia. It is estimated that 15–16 million birds, including many endangered species, use the site as a feeding ground. The pink flamingos in particular are a major attraction within Korgalzhyn Reserve.
The site is also home to wildlife commonly found on the Kazakh steppe, including marmots, wolves, and the endangered saiga. Korgalshyn nature reserve, being a part of world heritage site, is one of the most popular areas in Kazakhstan in terms of birdwatching 

</doc>
<doc id="18367431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367431" title="Grimoldby railway station">
Grimoldby railway station

Grimoldy railway station was a station in Grimoldby, Lincolnshire; opened in 1877 br the Louth and East Coast Railway; and closed in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="18367435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367435" title="Jesús Guerrero Galván">
Jesús Guerrero Galván

Jesús Guerrero Galván (b. June 1, 1910 – d. May 11. 1973) was a Mexican artist, a member of the Mexican muralism movement of the early 20th century. He began his career in Guadalajara but moved to Mexico City to work on mural projects in the 1930s for the Secretaría de Educación Pública and Comisión Federal de Electricidad In addition, he did easel paintings, with major exhibitions in the United States and Mexico. In 1943, he was an artist-in-residence for the University of New Mexico, painting the mural Union of the Americas Joined in Freedom, considered to be one of his major works. Guerrero Galván was accepted as a member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana.
Life.
Guerrero Galván was born in Tonalá, Jalisco, in 1910, to a poor farming family of Purépecha origin. At an early age, he showed a talent for drawing and received full support from his family to pursue art, and studied drawing in Guadalajara as a child.
He traveled with is mother and sister to the United States just before he turned 15. The family’s economic situation was very difficult and the struggle to survive affected his health. He contracted tuberculosis and never fully recovered. Just before his fifteenth birthday, he traveled to the United States with his mother and sister. During his stay, he drew on sidewalks with pieces of charcoal while working at a food stand. One day, a couple was impressed with this work and got him a scholarship to study at the Fine Arts School in San Antonio.
When the family returned to Mexico, he entered the Guadalajara workshop of José Vizcarra working there from 1923 to 1924. Vizcarra required his students to copy reproductions of Raphael and Gerardo Murillo and draw perspective s of colonial buildings and nudes. This training influenced his later work and kept admiration for the masters of the Renaissance through is life. He also respected and admired Mesoamerican culture and art, Mexican portraits of the 19th century, the nationalism of Mexican muralism and the production of Picasso as well.
While still in Guadalajara, he discovered the Bohemian Circle, which was one of the precursors of the Mexican muralism movement. Development of alternative schools for artists was also happening as old attitudes about art were being questioned and Guerrero Galván finished his schooling at one of them, the Escuela Libre de Pintura in Guadalajara.
His talent was evident even in his early 20s, and prompted his membership in the Banderas de Provincia (Flags of the Provice) group, which consisted of painters, poets and writers such as Raúl Anguiano, José Guadalupe Zuno, Enrique Martínez Ulloa and Agustín Yañez . He also founded group called T.A.P (Alliance of Fine Arts Workers), along with Anguiano. Later in life, he joined the Liga de Escritores y Artistas Revolucionarios and the Cultural Missions of President Lazaro Cárdenas .
During his life, Guerrero Galván was politically active, like many other artists of the Mexican muralism movement. He was a candidate for the Popular Party and later became a member of the Mexican Communist Party, remaining so until his death. For his work, he received an invitation to spend a year in the Soviet Union, where he received treatment for complications of tuberculosis. When he returned to Mexico from Russia, he learned of the imprisonment of Siqueiros. In response he went on a hunger strike, which affected his health.
In his later life, he battled continued health problems along with problems with alcohol. For this reason, he, his wife Dabaki Garro, and five children moved to Cuernavaca. Here he lived and painted until his death in 1973.
Career.
Guerreo Galván began his career in Guadalajara. He was part of a group of artists called the Grupo de la Universidad at the Universidad de Guadalajara in 1925 and he worked on the campus from a studio in the former chapel of the Temple of Santo Tomás. The Universidad group also had as members León Muñoz, José Parras Arias, Manuel Solórzano, Enrique Celis, Leopoldo Bancalari, Rubén Martínez Ramírez and Hans Christensen. At first the group produced impressionist work then changed their style to what they called “poetic neo-realism” with influence from European avant guarde such as cubism and abstract art. In the late 1920s, he painted his first mural at the University of Guadalajara called Fecundidad. In 1932 he organized the group Pintores Jóvenes de Jalisco with Francisco Rodríguez Caracalla, Raúl Anguiano, Antonio Servín and Luis Godínez Fonseca. Later members of the group included Luz Lasso, Rafael Espinoza and María de la O Fernández. The group’s first exhibition was a the Regional Museum of Guadalajara.
In the early 1930s, Guerrero Galván moved to Mexico City to continue his career as many artists did at the time, attracted by the Mexican muralism movement. He began working on murals here with the Secretaría de Educación Pública creating works for schools in the Alamos and Portales neighborhoods of the city. He also painted murals with the Comisión Federal de Electricidad after moving to Mexico City.
In 1942, he was invited to be an artist-in-residence at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque. Here he painted a fresco called Union of the Americas Joined in Freedom, considered to be one of his principle works and also taught a course on Mexican contemporary painting.
In 1947, he illustrated a book about Quetzacoatl, written by Ermilo Abreu Gómez.
In addition to murals, Guerrero Galván also did easel paintings. His main exhibitions include San Francisco in 1939, his first individual exhibition at the Galería de Arte Mexicano in Mexico City in 1941, exhibitions at the Museum of Modern Art in New York and the Institute of Contemporary Art in Boston and a large individual exhibition at the Palacio de Bellas Artes in 1952. After his death the Museo de Arte Moderno held a retrospect in 1977.
In addition to the creation of works, he also taught art, beginning with the Escuela de Arte para Trabajadores in 1936. The then went onto the Academia de Bellas Artes in 1938, then to the Escuela Nacional de Artes Plásticas in 1939, teaching there for twenty five years. He also did work in stage sets and costumes for the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México .
Guerrero Galván was accepted as a member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana 
Artistry.
Guerrero Galván was one of the most prolific figurative painters from 20th century Jalisco, part of the Mexican muralism movement. While best known for mural painting, the artist also worked on canvas, lithography and illustration, noted as a draughtsman and colorist. His important works include Fecundidad en el "Olimpo House", La unión de las Américas bajo la égida de la libertad, La niña, Juárez niño, El retrato de la señora de Macotela, El Sueño, La Danza de los venados, La Tierra and El génesis del Popol Vuh.
His style has been characterized as magical realism and poetic, with influences from Italian painting, Jalisco folk art and other aspects of Mexican culture. Elements in his work include eye expressions indicating placidity in his figures, eyes gazing into infinity and the lack of emotion in the lips. Although he was political in his personal life and part of the muralism movement, his artwork did not have a political or social message. Recurring themes in his easel work is the reality of the Mexican child and a women on her own with a child, depicting a woman as a mother above all. These are often on sparse settings and the children can seem to be in a kind of limbo. 
He was also noted as a portrait painter, with many of his best featuring women and children.

</doc>
<doc id="18367437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367437" title="António Lobo de Almada Negreiros">
António Lobo de Almada Negreiros

António Lobo de Almada Negreiros (Alentejo, Aljustrel, Aljustrel, August 13, 1868 – Paris, June 12, 1939), was an illustrious journalist and colonialist writer, essayist and poet.
He lived in São Tomé Island, in Portuguese São Tomé and Príncipe, where he was the Administrator of the Council and, already a widower, he established in Paris, where he participated in the organization of the Exposition Universelle (1900) and was Vice Consul of Portugal, etc.
He was a son of Pedro de Almada Pereira and wife Margarida Francisca Camacho de Negreiros or Lobo Bravo de Negreiros.
He married in the São Tomé Island, Água Grande District, City of São Tomé, at the Parrish of Conceição, on April 30, 1892 Elvira Freire Sobral (São Tomé Island, Mé-Zóchi District, Trindade, Roça Saudade, – São Tomé Island, December 29, 1896), oldest child and natural daughter recognized and raised by her father José António Freire Sobral by Leopoldina Amélia de Azevedo, who died in childbirth of and with her daughter. She studied in Coimbra, at the Colégio das Religiosas Ursulinas, where "she won the fame of a skilled drawer". Her half-brother Joaquim Freire Sobral was also an artist and a painter. They had, beside a daughter, two sons António (b. 1895) and José Sobral de Almada Negreiros.

</doc>
<doc id="18367470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367470" title="WFBR-LP">
WFBR-LP

WFBR-LP (95.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to broadcast in Mount Washington, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by First Baptist Church of Mount Washington.
WFBR first went on the air on November 29, 2003. The primary coverage area for WFBR includes most of Bullitt County, Kentucky (where it is based). It can also be tuned in throughout much of southern Jefferson County and western Spencer County. It has also been reported to be heard in Hardin and other surrounding counties in some areas. The station initially was on the air at 93.9 FM but was moved to 95.3 FM in late 2008 after a co-channel interference developed with a new nearby station.
The station carries Contemporary Christian music as the main programming lineup. The station also airs music from bands and artists local to their area. High school sports and other local events are also frequently covered on the station. Local announcements are frequently made throughout the day.

</doc>
<doc id="18367472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367472" title="WFHS-LP">
WFHS-LP

WFHS-FM (92.7 The Tiger FM) is a radio station licensed to Louisville, Kentucky, USA and broadcasts in the Fern Creek Community. The station is owned by Fern Creek Traditional High School Alumni Association, Inc. 92.7 The Tiger is a student-run radio station that plays all genres of music and broadcasts Fern Creek High School's football and basketball games.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18367496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367496" title="Tranbjærg">
Tranbjærg

Tranbjærg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18367503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367503" title="2004 AAPT Championships">
2004 AAPT Championships

The 2004 AAPT Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Adelaide in Australia and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from 5 through 11 January 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18367505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367505" title="WFBR (AM)">
WFBR (AM)

WFBR (1590 AM, "Famous 1590") is a radio station broadcasting a Talk/Personality format. It is licensed for Glen Burnie, Maryland. The station is currently owned by Way Broadcasting Licensee, LLC.
The station was assigned the WFBR call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on November 30, 2004.
The station signed on in 1961 as WISZ, with 500 watts and owned by Butch Gregory, a Vice-President at Westinghouse. He lovingly and expertly built much of the equipment including an antenna phaser unit, and the main studio control console. R. J. ("Bob") Bennett was the first station manager; Program Director was Matt Edwards. The initial format was what is now called Adult Standards or Nostalgia, but was identified by the station as a "Big band Sound". Within two years the format had gravitated to "Country" with the addition of legendary country DJ Ray Davis, whose show was broadcast as a remote from Johnny's New and Used Cars (the "Walking Man's Friend). WISZ-FM 95.9 Mhz
was added as a simulcast in 1962, broadcasting from a 90 foot tower in Brooklyn Park, MD. The transmitter was in a garden shed.
WISZ-AM's antenna installation was in a swamp off Crain Highway in Glen Burnie and consisted of seven towers (4 daytime, and four nighttime, with a common base tower). The directional pattern protected WINX in Washington, DC on 1600 kHz, as well as other 1590 stations to the northeast. The "null" towards Washington was so pronounced that at certain points only a mile away, the towers could seen but not heard.
The station's mascot was an owl- "The WISZ Old Owl"
WFBR callsign history.
The WFBR call letters have a long and storied history in the Baltimore media market. Beginning in the 1920s, they were assigned to the 1300 kHZ signal, which was originally known as WEAR. "WFBR" stood for "World's First Broadcasting Regiment", and was organized by the officer's association of the 5th Regiment, Maryland, in whose Armory on Preston St. it broadcast from. It was the first broadcast radio station in the state of Maryland.
That station became WLIF in 1990, then WJFK (AM) in 1991, then WJZ (AM) in 2008.
Currently, the WFBR call letters are used by the former WJRO, a small AM radio station on 1590 kHz in Glen Burnie, Maryland, which coincidentally, was the home of the late Charley Eckman.

</doc>
<doc id="18367526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367526" title="Transport in Nottingham">
Transport in Nottingham

Nottingham is the seventh largest conurbation in the United Kingdom. Despite this, the city had a poor transportation system in the 1980s. Due to this, the government has in the early twenty-first century invested a lot of money in the transportation network of Nottingham, which has led to the re-opening of the Robin Hood Line and the construction of a light rail network, Nottingham Express Transit.
Rail.
History.
The first railway station in Nottingham opened in 1839. It was opened by the Midland Counties Railway and was built on Carrington Street. It was served by trains to Derby. By 1848, the station was too small and a new through station was built in Nottingham by the Midland Railway (which was formed when the Midland Counties Railway merged with two other companies). New destinations such as Lincoln received direct service to Nottingham.
In 1900, the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway opened Nottingham Victoria station, as part of their new line to London which they were building. The station was served by Great Central services to Marylebone station in London. The Great Northern Railway also used the station.
In 1904, the Midland Railway closed their station in Nottingham and opened a new one, Nottingham Midland station, which is still open today.
In the 1967, Nottingham Victoria station, which like the rest of the Great Central main line, had been becoming run down and was suffering from lack of services, was closed. Nottingham Arkwright Street railway station, also on the Great Central main line, closed in 1969.
Current services.
There are currently services from Nottingham operated by East Midlands Trains to London, Leeds, Sheffield, Liverpool, York, Doncaster and Scarborough. Most trains run on the Midland Main Line. East Midlands Trains also operate local services. CrossCountry operate services to Cardiff via Birmingham and Bristol.
Robin Hood Line.
The Robin Hood Line is a railway line running from Nottingham to Worksop, Nottinghamshire. It was closed to passengers following the Beeching cuts in the 1960s. However, it was reopened to passengers in stages between 1993 and 1998.
Future developments.
There are plans to redevelop the station which include more shops and Nottingham Express Transit trams running over the top of the station. There are also plans to bring High Speed 2 rail services to Nottingham and the East Midlands by constructing a parkway station (called the East Midlands Hub) at Toton.
Trams.
History.
The Nottingham and District Tramways Company Limited began operating horse-drawn trams in Nottingham in 1878. A steam tram service began in 1880. In 1898, the Nottingham Corporation Tramways took over the existing tramways. Electric trams were introduced from 1901, and the last horse tram ran in 1902. The tram network in Nottingham was replaced between 1926 and 1936 by a combination of the Nottingham trolleybus system and a fleet of motor buses.
Nottingham Express Transit.
Nottingham Express Transit (NET) is a light-rail system. The first line opened on 9 March 2004, having cost £200 million to construct. The scheme took 16 years from conception to implementation. There is currently only one line, which has two branches. The line is fourteen kilometres long, of which four kilometres is on street. Some of the line runs parallel to the Robin Hood Line. Tickets can be bought at major stations or from a conductor on the tram.
Future.
There are two more lines of Nottingham Express Transit planned. Line 2, the Clifton route will serve the south of the city. Line 3 will serve the south west of the city.
Roads.
Nottingham is close to the M1 motorway and major roads the A52 and the A46. To the west of Nottingham through to Derby, the A52 is known as Brian Clough Way.
Air.
East Midlands Airport in Leicestershire, served by low-cost international airlines, makes the city easily accessible from other parts of the world providing daily services to many principal European destinations such as Paris, Frankfurt, Berlin, Oslo and Amsterdam, internal flights to Edinburgh and Belfast and limited services to transcontinental destinations such as Barbados, Mexico and Sanford, Florida. Nearby Robin Hood Airport Doncaster Sheffield also provides domestic European and transatlantic services. Birmingham International Airport is about one hour's drive away and 2 hours 15 minutes on the train, providing flights to most principal European cities, New York, Boston, Toronto, Montreal, Dubai and the Indian sub-continent.
Bus.
Bus usage in Nottingham is increasing. Nottingham City Transport (NCT) operate the majority of bus services in the city. NCT was the first transport operator in the UK to use RFID technology for its EasyRider bus passes, introduced in 2000.
Trent Barton operate some local services around Nottingham and to other towns such as Mansfield, Derby and even Manchester using the Transpeak service which runs through the Peak District.
The two operators are also frequent winners of the National Bus Operator of the Year award. Also a growing company: yourbus.
NCT and Trent Barton have a good relationship and routes are designed so they are not competing against each other. Using a Kangaroo day ticket makes it possible to use buses from both operators in a single day.
There are two bus stations in the city centre.f The Broadmarsh bus station in the Broadmarsh centre and Victoria bus station behind the Victoria Centre.
Ticketing.
All operators issue single journey tickets and day tickets which can be used on all the services that operator runs. The Kangaroo day ticket which allows travel on any bus, tram or local train service within the Nottingham area.
Taxis.
The city has a large number of licensed taxi companies operating, usually in areas local to the office. There are also green London style Hackney Carriage taxis, which can be hailed on the street.
There are several designated taxi rank in the city centre, including at Nottingham railway station, Wheeler Gate, Victoria Centre, Broadmarsh bus station and The Corner House.
Jim Mortell of Taxi Licensing at Nottingham City Council said "The City Council has a team of uniformed late-night enforcement officers and non-uniformed enforcement officers working to detect any instances of drivers plying for hire illegally. This includes private hire drivers picking up passengers who have not pre-booked, and any drivers not licensed to work within Nottingham City."

</doc>
<doc id="18367597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367597" title="Waltham railway station">
Waltham railway station

Waltham was a railway station on the East Lincolnshire Railway which served the villages of New Waltham and Humberston in Lincolnshire between 1848 and 1964. It was originally named "Waltham and Humberstone", but Humberstone was dropped soon after opening. The line through Waltham remained open for freight until December 1980.
History.
The station opened on 1 March 1848 as part of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and . It was constructed by contractor John Waring and Sons of Rotherham who, in December 1846, had agreed to construct the line for the sum of £46,102 (£ as of ). The station was initially named "Waltham and Humberstone", although it was in fact two miles from each village. It consisted of staggered platforms either side of a level crossing; the down platform to the north and the up to the south. The stationhouse, which was visible from the road, was situated on the south side of the crossing, on the down side of the line. Opposite, at the end of the lay a signal box of typical East Lincolnshire Railway construction}; this controlled the crossing and a small goods yard adjacent to the down line. The yard initially handled coal and potatoes, but was later expanded to take cattle with the addition of a large cattle holding pen at its southern end. The goods yard was served by a single siding trailing off the down line which forked either side of the cattle pen.
The arrival of the railway at Waltham led to the development of the area around the station and the creation of a thriving village known as New Waltham. The parish of New Waltham was created in 1961. The July 1922 timetable saw 13 up and down weekday services, plus one Sunday service each way, call at Waltham. The station closed to passengers on 11 September 1961, with the goods yard remaining open until 15 June 1964. The line through Waltham was closed at the end of 1980.
Present day.
Tracklifting commenced in early 1981, with the section between Grimsby and Waltham - constructed of bullhead rail - being the last to be removed. This section was designated by Humberside County Council for the building of the A16 Peaks Parkway. The roadworks put an end to hopes by the Great Northern and East Lincolnshire Railway plc to put the railway back in to Grimsby.
The station site survived largely intact until 2009 when, following a structural survey, it was determined that the stationhouse was beyond restoration and would have to be demolished. The property was demolished and another house was constructed on the site known as "New Station House". The former goods yard was obliterated by a redevelopment called "Station Mews" and involving the construction of eight properties accessed by a private road.
On 28 September 1991, a Light Railway Order was obtained which authorises the reinstatement of the East Lincolnshire Railway between Waltham and the former Keddington Road level crossing near Louth. The Lincolnshire Wolds Railway had intended on opening a station at Waltham. However as developers have built over the track bed to the south at Holton-le-Clay and at Waltham itself, it is now impossible to re-lay the track as far as Waltham. On 26 August 2009, the first train between and ran for the first time in 47 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18367626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367626" title="Holton Village Halt railway station">
Holton Village Halt railway station

Holton Village Halt was a railway halt on the East Lincolnshire Railway which served the village of Holton-le-Clay in Lincolnshire between 1905 and 1961. The station, which opened as part of a new motor train service between and , was the second station the serve the village after Holton-le-Clay and Tetney situated further to the south. The line through Holton-le-Clay remained open for freight until December 1980.
History.
The station was opened on 11 December 1905 to coincide with the introduction of a motor train service by the Great Northern Railway. It was the second station opened on the East Lincolnshire Line to serve the village of Holton-le-Clay in Lincolnshire. Holton-le-Clay and Tetney had opened in 1848 but was over a mile to the south of the village and more convenient for Tetney to the east, whilst Holton Village Halt was in the village itself. The station had two low parallel railmotor platforms to the south of a level crossing over Tetney Lane, with a timber waiting shelter and lamp on each platform. A stationhouse was situated on the north side of the crossing. It was of more substantial construction than the other halts on the line, such as which was unlit and had only one passenger shelter.
Although the July 1922 timetable shows that passenger services only called at the station upon request, by August 1961 a total of seven trains from Grimsby called on weekdays, with an extra train running on Fridays. The station closed to passengers on 11 September 1961; it outlasted the earlier Holton-le-Clay station to the south by six years.
Present day.
The halt was demolished by British Rail long before final closure of the line in December 1980 and little remains of it today. The level crossing gates to the south have survived and the stationhouse is in private occupation. The village of Holton-le-Clay has expanded over the fields which bordered the line, which has led one author to speculate that the East Lincolnshire Railway, if it had remained open, would have become a vital link between the village and Grimsby.
On 28 September 1991, a Light Railway Order authorised the reinstatement of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and the former Keddington Road level crossing near Louth, which would include the line up to Holton-le-Clay station.
The Lincolnshire Wolds Railway plans to extend the line up to Holton-Le-Clay station. The former village halt has now been built over with a housing development and the track bed to the south re-developed.

</doc>
<doc id="18367627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367627" title="WFKN">
WFKN

WFKN (1220 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Franklin, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Wfkn, LLC and features programing from Cumulus Media Networks' "Best Country Today" .
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18367633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367633" title="Quebec Route 211">
Quebec Route 211

Quebec Route 211 is a provincial highway in the Canadian province of Quebec. Located in the Montérégie and Estrie regions in the southern part of the province, the highway's southern terminus is at Route 137 north of Granby and its northern terminus is at Quebec Autoroute 20 in Saint-Simon, east of Saint-Hyacinthe.
Most maps including Google Maps and Google Earth do not show Highway 211. However, in the most recent version of Transports Quebec's official route map, Route 211 is shown northward from Route 137 and northwestward via Rang Saint-Georges. On Google Maps, Route 211 is shown as Chemin de Saint-Valérien, Chemin de Milton and Chemin d'Upton heading north and Rang St-Georges heading northwest towards its northern terminus. It is a by-pass route towards A-20 from Granby without passing through Saint-Hyacinthe and much of Highway 137 in which it mostly runs parallel.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18367634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367634" title="KCNA6">
KCNA6

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily A member 6 also known as Kv1.6 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNA6" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18367636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367636" title="KCNA7">
KCNA7

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily A member 7 also known as Kv1.7 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNA7" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit. It may contribute to the cardiac transient outward potassium current (Ito1), the main contributing current to the repolarizing phase 1 of the cardiac action potential.

</doc>
<doc id="18367639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367639" title="KCNA10">
KCNA10

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily A member 10 also known as Kv1.8 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNA10" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18367658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367658" title="Revert Henrique Klumb">
Revert Henrique Klumb

Revert Henrique Klumb (Germany, 183? — c. 1886) was a renowned German-Brazilian photographer who operated in Brazil in the 19th century. Probably the introducer of the stereoscopic photography in the country, Klumb obtained the title of "Photographo da Casa Imperial" ("Photographer of the Imperial House") in Rio de Janeiro. He was the author of the photography book "Doze Horas em Diligência. Guia do Viajante de Petrópolis a Juiz de Fora" ("Twelve Hours in Expedition. Guide of the Traveler from Petrópolis to Juiz de Fora"), that became one of the pioneers of the edition of photography books in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18367665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367665" title="Stefan Spirovski">
Stefan Spirovski

Stefan Spirovski (, born 23 August 1990 in Bitola) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Beroe Stara Zagora.
Career.
Born in Bitola, SR Macedonia, he played for FK Pelister in the Macedonian First League between 2007 and 2009. He signed with Borac Čačak in the winter break of the 2009-10 season and has played regularely with Borac for the following two and a half seasons. At the end of the 2011-12 season, Borac ended unexpectedly relegated to the Serbian First League and in August 2012 he was loaned to Macedonian top flight side FK Rabotnički.
He plays as central midfielder.
National team.
He has been part of the Macedonia national under-21 football team. In the past he was part of the U-19 and U-17 teams as well.
In 10 August 2011 he made his debut for the Macedonian national team in a friendly match against Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18367694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367694" title="List of Doogie Howser, M.D. episodes">
List of Doogie Howser, M.D. episodes

The episode list for the television series "Doogie Howser, M.D.", including descriptions, given in broadcast order on its original network ABC. There are a total of 97 episodes produced and broadcast among its four seasons from September 20, 1989 to March 24, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18367703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367703" title="Charles Caesar">
Charles Caesar

Sir Charles Caesar (27 January 1590 – 6 December 1642), of Benington in Hertfordshire, was an English judge who served as Master of the Rolls in the period leading up to the outbreak of the English Civil War; his father Sir Julius Caesar had held the same office for many years.
Caesar entered Magdalen College, Oxford, aged 12 in 1602, and was a fellow of All Souls from 1605 to 1611. He was incorporated at Cambridge with a LL.B. in 1609, but continued at Oxford, where he was made Doctor of Civil and Canon Law in 1612. In 1611 he joined the Middle Temple and began to practice in the ecclesiastical courts; he was knighted in 1613, and served as MP for Weymouth in the Addled Parliament of 1614. In 1615 he was appointed a master in chancery, no doubt through the influence of his father, and continued in this post until 1639; he was also from before 1626 a judge of the Court of Audience and Master of the Faculties, both appointments which held until his death. In 1639 the Mastership of the Rolls became vacant on the death of Sir Dudley Digges, and Caesar consulted Archbishop Laud on whether he might obtain it, but was warned ""that as things then stood, the place was not like to go without more money than he thought any wise man would give for it"". Caesar, perhaps more ambitious than wise, apparently paid the King £15,000 in a lump sum with a further £2,000 loan, and was duly appointed. 
Foss in his "Lives of the Judges" comments that "It is difficult to regret that he did not live long enough to profit by this iniquitous traffic of the judicial seat, as disgraceful to one party as the other". He had made little mark through his tenure of the post when his family was struck down by smallpox in November 1642: one of his daughters died on 2 November, he himself did so on 6 December 1642 (even though, as he declared in the will he made on his death-bed, he had already had the disease as a younger man), and his eldest son, Julius, followed five days later. He was succeeded by his second son, Henry, still a minor at the time of his father's death.

</doc>
<doc id="18367712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367712" title="Post-fire seeding">
Post-fire seeding

Wildfires consume live and dead fuels, destabilize physical and ecological landscapes, and impact human social and economic systems. Post-fire seeding was initially used to stabilize soils. More recently it is being used to recover post wildfire plant species, manage invasive non-native plant populations and establish valued vegetation compositions.
Soil stabilization.
Water erosion.
Post fire seeding evolved from a desire to stabilize hillslope soils in hilly terrain after a wildfire and prevent downstream flooding and debris/mud flows. The assumption being supplemental seeding immediately after a wildfire would provide vegetation cover lost in the wildfire. Some of the earliest seedings were in Southern California after wildfires burned through fire prone foothills and alluvial fans developed with homes. Although recent studies confirm that the probability of flooding and debris/mud flows significantly increase following a wildfire and that rainfall intensity, burn severity and ground cover reduction accounts for most hillside erosion, post fire seeding is not the most effective treatment. 
A review of 37 publications and 25 monitoring reports on soil stabilization seeding discovered that less than half showed any reduced sediment movement with seeding. Seeding was not found to be effective in increasing cover or reducing sediment yields on burned areas in the Colorado Front Range compared to controls, even for storms with return periods of less than one year. A comparison of commonly used soil stabilization treatments found that wood and straw mulch reduced water erosion rates by 60 to 80%, contour-felled log erosion barriers 50 to 70%, hydromulch 19% and grass seeding had little effect the first year during low intensity rainfall events and all were relatively ineffective in high intensity rainfall events. Vegetation cover from supplemental seeding was not significantly different from natural vegetation recovery.
Wind erosion.
In arid communities post fire seeding is attempted to reduce wind erosion and deposition. There is little objective evidence that supplemental seeding is any better than natural vegetation recovery from the post fire seedbank. After the Railroad Fire in Utah, neither seeded (drilled or aerial) or unseeded areas showed significant signs of wind erosion or deposition as evidenced by little difference (<2mm) in the height of washers on erosion measurement stakes. Soil wind erosion was observed to have been moderated to some degree after the Command 24 Fire in Washington by natural site recovery alone.
Ecological stabilization.
Seeding especially with native seed mixes is increasingly being proposed to recover post wildfire plant species, manage invasive non-native plant populations and establish valued vegetation compositions. Compared to seeding for soil stabilization, ecosystem recovery and restoration is far more complex and take several decades to fully evaluate.
Some recent comparison studies provide early evidence on seeding’s contribution to overall post wildfire recovery. A study at Mesa Verde National Park compared seeded burned areas with unseeded burned areas and unburned areas and found that seeded burned areas had significantly less non-native plants than unseeded burned areas but significantly more than unburned areas except there was no significant difference in cheatgrass ("Bromus tectorum") between seeded or unseeded burned areas. In northwestern Nevada from 1984–1997 cheatgrass density was altered by changing the seeding rates of a variety of native and non-native perennial grass and forb seed mixes. Cheatgrass densities were reduced to 2.6 plants per sq. m with seeding rates of 22.5 – 25 PLS per sq ft. Cheatgrass densities of 4.07 and 3.58 plants per sq. m were obtained with seeding rates of 10 and 35 PLS per sq. ft., respectively. On three burned areas in Colorado and New Mexico where native grass seeding was hand, drilled or aerially applied, there was a positive relationship between native species richness and non-native species cover and negative relationship between dominant native plant cover and non-native species cover. In a Utah study, all native perennial seeded plots had lower cover of annual species than unseeded plots; however, by the third year following seeding there was little change in seeded native species density, but the density of annuals more than doubled with cheatgrass and three annual forbs making up the majority of plant density. A California grassland study found that regardless of the treatment, exotic annual and native perennials were able to coexist; neither extirpated the other: exotic annuals persisted in plots to which native perennials had been added and "vice versa". 
It is possible that native plant seeding subsidies are not actually needed. Great Basin native big squirreltail ("Elymus multisetus") appears to has evolved competitive advantage traits in the presence of cheatgrass.
Unintended consequences.
Some unintended consequences have been observed from post fire seeding. Seed mixes, even “certified weed free” seed mixes, have been contaminated with invasive species and initiated new infestations. Successful growth of seeded grasses (i.e., enough to affect water erosion) have displaced native or naturalized species, including shrub and tree seedlings. Seed bed preparation and the seeding process has facilitated the growth and expansion of naturalized non-native species. The machinery used in landscape seeding operations (e.g., drill seeders and chains) impact surviving native plants and disturb microbial soil crusts.
Other factors.
Other land management activities can affect the effectiveness of post fire seeding. Grazing seeded burned areas exacerbates the problem of non-native annual grass invasions, even when conducted after a two year hiatus. Historic post logging seed treatments had a significant influence on the effectiveness of post Rodeo-Chediski fire seeding.

</doc>
<doc id="18367715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367715" title="WFKY">
WFKY

WFKY (104.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Frankfort, Kentucky, USA, the station serves the Lexington metro area. The station is currently owned by CapCity Communications and features country music programing.
WFKY was the longtime call sign of what is now WKYW 1490 AM.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18367722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367722" title="Toni Pitoška">
Toni Pitoška

Toni Pitoška () (born 27 April 1982) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as a forward for FK Pelister in the Macedonian First League.

</doc>
<doc id="18367753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367753" title="WFLE (AM)">
WFLE (AM)

WFLE (1060 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country format. Licensed to Flemingsburg, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Dreamcatcher Communications, Inc..
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18367758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367758" title="WFLE-FM">
WFLE-FM

WFLE-FM (95.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Flemingsburg, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Dreamcatcher Communications, Inc. and features programing from Fox News Radio, Jones Radio Network and Motor Racing Network.
History.
The station went on the air as WFLE-FM on 1994-02-14. on 1994-02-28, the station changed its call sign to the current WFLE. on 1994-03-07 to the current WFLE, 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18367774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367774" title="Holton-le-Clay railway station">
Holton-le-Clay railway station

Holton-le-Clay was a railway station on the East Lincolnshire Railway which served the villages of Holton-le-Clay and Tetney in Lincolnshire between 1848 and 1964. It was originally named "Holton-le-Clay and Tetney", but Tetney was dropped soon after opening, even though the station was more conveniently sited for that village. The line through Holton-le-Clay remained open for freight until December 1980, but could be reopened by the Lincolnshire Wolds Railway as its northern terminus.
History.
The station opened on 1 March 1848 as part of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and . It was constructed by contractor John Waring and Sons of Rotherham who, in December 1846, had agreed to construct the line for the sum of £46,102 (£ as of ). The station was initially named "Holton-le-Clay and Tetney" to reflect its location one mile to the south of the Lincolnshire village of Holton-le-Clay and slightly closer to Tetney to the east. It consisted of staggered platforms either side of the level crossing over the Tetney road; the up platform to the north and the down to the south. A signal box constructed in the standard East Lincolnshire Railway pattern stood on the north side of the crossing. It controlled the crossing and a small goods yard situated to the south of the crossing on the up side. The yard was served by a single siding which trailed off the down line to end in cattle dock. The station house, built in the same style as those provided at and , stood in the north-eastern corner of the yard.
Although the station was more convenient for Tetney than Holton-le-Clay, Tetney was dropped from the station's name soon after opening. The July 1922 timetable saw nine up and down weekday services, plus one Sunday service each way, call at Holton-le-Clay. The station closed to passengers on 4 July 1955, with the goods yard remaining open a further nine years until 25 May 1964.
Present day.
The platforms have been demolished, but the stationhouse remains in private ownership. The crossing gates on both sides have also survived, as has the cattle dock which stands in the yard now used as an industrial vehicle depot. The former Up Home signal no.17 still stands in front of the foundations of the signal box. On 28 September 1991, the Lincolnshire Wolds Railway obtained a Light Railway Order authorising the reinstatement of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and the former Keddington Road level crossing near Louth, which would include the line up to Holton-le-Clay.
On 26 August 2009, the first train between and ran for the first time in 47 years. It is planned to reopen the line as far as Holton-le-Clay.

</doc>
<doc id="18367792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367792" title="V-hull (boat)">
V-hull (boat)

A V-hull, is the shape of a boat or ship in which the contours of the hull come in a straight line to the keel. V-hull designs are usually used in smaller boats and are useful in providing space for ballast inside the boat.

</doc>
<doc id="18367802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367802" title="North Thoresby railway station">
North Thoresby railway station

North Thoresby is a heritage railway station in North Thoresby, Lincolnshire. The station, which was previously part of the East Lincolnshire Railway, closed in 1970, but has recently been reopened by the Lincolnshire Wolds Railway. The first services to the station from , to the south, ran in August 2009, the first in 47 years. There are proposals to extend the line further in both directions towards Holton-Le-Clay and Louth.
History.
The station was opened on 1 March 1848 to serve the Lincolnshire village of North Thoresby. It was constructed by contractor John Waring and Sons of Rotherham who, in December 1846, had agreed to construct the line between and for the sum of £46,102 (£ as of ). The station was provided with staggered platforms either side of a level crossing; the up platform to the south of the crossing and the down to the north. The stationmaster's house, similar to that at , was adjacent to the down platform and comprised the booking office and passenger waiting room.
A signal box which contained 25 levers was situated on the north side of the level crossing and controlled the crossing gates as well as access to the small goods yard with a siding on each side of the line. The siding on the down side ran into a loading dock behind the down platform. Unlike Ludborough, the station had no goods shed. The goods yard closed on 30 December 1963, but the station remained open to passengers until 5 October 1970. In 1956-57, around a dozen passenger trains bound for Grimsby called at the station on weekdays, with the first two being local workings from Louth, save for a Mondays only service which called only to set down passengers. In the other direction, fewer services ran through to , but the up/down passenger workings balanced once services to Louth were taken into account. North Thoresby was the only intermediate station between Grimsby and Louth to remain open until October 1970.After 1970 the down line was removed and only the up line through the station remained. The line finally closed in December 1980.
Preservation and reopening.
On 28 September 1991, a Light Railway Order was granted authorising the reinstatement of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and the former Keddington Road level crossing near Louth, which would include the line through North Thoresby.
Tracklaying by the Lincolnshire Wolds Railway reached North Thoresby in 2008 and the first train for 47 years between the two stations ran on 26 August 2009. The south (up) platform has been restored and a waiting shelter erected. The level crossing to the north has been tarmaced over, but the north crossing gate has survived. The stationmaster's house remains in private occupation.
There are plans to extend the line beyond North Thoresby to Holton-Le-Clay, which will involve reinstating the level crossing at the station.

</doc>
<doc id="18367809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367809" title="Niklas Andersen">
Niklas Andersen

Niklas Andersen (born 4 August 1988 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German football defender of Norwegian descent who plays for SG Wattenscheid 09.
Career.
The defender played in the youth system of Hamburger SV, Eintracht Frankfurt and Schalke 04. He moved often, due to following his father and coach, Jørn Andersen. In 2005, he gained a foothold in Rot-Weiss Essen's A youth team and was called up in the last season for the Regionalliga team. For the 2008–09 season Andersen moved to Bundesliga club Werder Bremen where he signed a contract running until 30 June 2012. Andersen made his debut for the Werder Bremen senior team on 13 May 2009. He was substituted on in the 77th minute for Frank Baumann in a 0–5 away win against Eintracht Frankfurt. He was released by Werder in June 2011, and spent part of the summer with Charlton Athletic but didn't do enough to win a deal so he signed for Chemnitzer FC half a season later, spending a year with the club before leaving on a free transfer.
Personal life.
He is the son of former Norwegian international footballer and Bundesliga top scorer Jørn Andersen.

</doc>
<doc id="18367816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367816" title="Dawid Murek">
Dawid Murek

Dawid Murek (born July 24, 1977 in Międzyrzecz), is a volleyball player from Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18367831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367831" title="WFLW">
WFLW

WFLW (1360 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Southern Gospel format. Licensed to Monticello, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Stephen W. Staples, Jr..
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18367834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367834" title="Cupid's Mistake">
Cupid's Mistake

Cupid’s Mistake is a 2001 comedy film directed by Young Man Kang, a Korean-born filmmaker who made his U.S. directing debut with this production. The film is notable for being produced for $980, which was recognized by the "Guinness Book of World Records" as being the least expensive feature-length motion picture to receive a theatrical film release.
Plot.
The film is set in Venice Beach, California, and it centers on four young people in the midst of romantic entanglements. The actress Susan (Susan Petry) is in love with the video producer Gil (Everado Gil), but he is in love with the model Toya (Toya Cho). However, Toya is in love with the bodybuilder Ken (Ken Yasuda). But Ken has his eyes on Susan.
Production and release.
"Cupid’s Mistake" was shot entirely on digital video, which enabled Kang to bring in the entire production for only $980. The film was mostly improvised by the cast, who worked from a story outline created by Kang. As the filmmaker told an interviewer for IndieRag: "(We had) three days of crazy filming. No permits, guerrilla shooting, no script, 100% improvised. Handheld shooting with long continuous shots made "Cupid" both cost effective and easy to edit."
Although "Cupid's Mistake" film was picked up for commercial release by the distribution company Phaedra Cinema, it only played in venues that provided digital video projection. In a 2001 interview, Kang explained the problems in bringing his work to audiences: “Only a few theaters have video projectors, thus, it is extremely difficult to find a theater in which one can show their film. I need to transfer to 35mm print, but it costs at least $40,000. It's difficult to make that amount of money back from art house distribution. That's why my film distribution company doesn't want to take the risk.”
"Cupid’s Mistake" had its theatrical release on August 24, 2001 in New York City, and critical reaction was mixed. David Sterritt, writing for "The Christian Science Monitor", noted the film’s “acting is uneven and most of the romancing seems so mismatched that it's not surprising when things fall apart time after time. But there are appealing moments along the way, and the director gets impressive mileage with a budget that can only be called minuscule.” However, Dave Kehr, writing for "The New York Times", complained: “Mr. Kang has discovered the effects button on his camcorder, and he relies upon it to provide what style his work has: a pixilated movement here, a fade to monochrome there. At 70 minutes, "Cupid's Mistake" is short, but then, so is our time on this planet.” And Ken Fox, writing for "TV Guide Online", noted: “Wearing its $980 price tag as a badge of honor, writer-director Young Man Kang's no-budget video feature proves two things: You don't need a multimillion dollar budget to make a film, and sometimes you get exactly what you pay for.”
"Cupid’s Mistake" was released on DVD on July 21, 2009 by Vanguard Cinema

</doc>
<doc id="18367847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367847" title="Allyn">
Allyn

Allyn is both a given name and a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Given name:
Surname:

</doc>
<doc id="18367857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367857" title="WFMW">
WFMW

WFMW (730 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Madisonville, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Sound Broadcasters, Inc. and features programing from CBS Radio.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18367864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367864" title="Minitex">
Minitex

Minitex is a publicly supported information and resource sharing program for academic, government, public and specialized libraries in the states of Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin. It is a joint effort of the Minnesota State Office of Higher Education and the University of Minnesota Libraries. Minitex is funded by the Minnesota State Legislature to serve higher education communities, and it also provides services for public, school, and specialized libraries in Minnesota through contracts with the Minnesota Department of Education. Libraries in North Dakota and South Dakota participate in Minitex programs through contracts between the Minitex Office and the North and South Dakota State Libraries. There is also reciprocity with Wisconsin libraries.
The purpose of Minitex is to enhance library effectiveness by expanding information resources for libraries and providing services to their users. Minitex programs are coordinated by University of Minnesota Libraries staff. As a division of the University of Minnesota, the services contribute to the University of Minnesota's land grant mission to provide outreach to the citizens of the state.
Services.
Through the Minnesota Knows (MnKnows) portal, Minnesota citizens have direct access to the catalogs and collections of a wide range of worldwide, regional and local libraries. It also provides such services as:

</doc>
<doc id="18367867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367867" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Xinyang">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Xinyang

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Xinyang/Sínyang (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Xinyang in the Ecclesiastical province of Kaifeng in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18367894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367894" title="Woodmoor, Maryland">
Woodmoor, Maryland

Woodmoor is a neighborhood in the northern section of Silver Spring, Maryland. Its borders extend from Maryland Rt. 29 to the west, Northwest Branch Park to the north, the Capital Beltway to the east, and University Boulevard to the south. It lies on one of the "four corners" at the intersection of Rt. 29 and Rt. 193. At the corner of the neighborhood there is a shopping center. It includes:
Famous residents include Rob Jordan and Peter Cook. Highlights of the year are the community Christmas tree lighting, Oktoberfest, and the annual Bloody Mary making competition, which coincides with the gentleman's final of Wimbledon each July. 
Starbucks Coffee,
Chipotle 
Santucci's Deli (run by the Santucci family local to the neighborhood),
A Barber Shop,
UPS Shipping,
The Woodmoor Bakery,
Subway,
CVS Pharmacy,
Bank of America
Also home to the Silver Spring Stage[http://www.ssstage.org] also located in the Woodmoor Shopping Center

</doc>
<doc id="18367909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367909" title="Mirko Ivanovski">
Mirko Ivanovski

Mirko Ivanovski (, born 31 October 1989 in Bitola) is a Macedonian footballer who currently plays for Astra Giurgiu.
Career.
Club.
Ivanovski began his career with the youth side of Pelister Bitola who was in summer 2006 promoted to the first team, but he left his club in July 2008 to sign for Makedonija Skopje. On 5 February 2010 Slavia Prague has signed the Macedonian U21 national team member, the 20-year-old is considered one of the greatest talents in country. Ivanovski signed a 2 year deal with Polish club Arka Gdynia on 2 August 2010.
In the summer of 2012, Ivanovski moved to the Romanian club Astra Giurgiu.
International.
Ivanovski is current member of the Macedonia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18367922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367922" title="Ilir Elmazovski">
Ilir Elmazovski

Ilir Elmazovski () (born 18 November 1979 in Bitola) is a Macedonian football player who currently plays for FK Pelister.

</doc>
<doc id="18367947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367947" title="Bernd Storck">
Bernd Storck

Bernd Storck is a German football coach and, until October 16, 2010, was the manager of Kazakhstan national football team. He currently coaches Olympiacos U-21.
Storck made his player debut in the Bundesliga with VfL Bochum. In the summer of 1983, he moved to Borussia Dortmund, where he remained for six years. His biggest success as a pro was winning the 1988–89 DFB-Pokal. He played in 171 Bundesliga matches and scored eight goals.
After ending his playing career, he completed a trainer's course and was an assistant coach with Borussia Dortmund, VfB Stuttgart, Hertha BSC, VfL Wolfsburg, and FK Partizan Belgrade. In the middle of the 2008 season he was appointed manager of Kazakh side FC Almaty to help the club avoid relegation in 2008. At the same time he has also managed Kazakhstan national under-21 football team.
Storck has complained about the state of the Kazakhstan Premier League and the lack of cooperation he encountered from the local clubs' management. He was sacked on October 16, 2010 after a poor start to Euro 2012 Qualifying. 

</doc>
<doc id="18367949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367949" title="Utterby Halt railway station">
Utterby Halt railway station

Utterby Halt was a railway halt on the East Lincolnshire Railway which served the village of Utterby in Lincolnshire between 1905 and 1961. The station, which opened as part of a new motor train service between and , is reputed to be haunted by the ghost of a ganger killed on the level crossing in 1953. The line through Utterby remained open for freight until December 1980.
History.
The station was opened on 11 December 1905 to coincide with the introduction of a motor train service by the Great Northern Railway. It consisted of two low parallel halt platforms to the south of the level crossing over Pear Tree Lane; lamps were provided on both platforms, but only the down platform had a waiting shelter for passengers: a small wooden hut equipped with a heating stove. A crossing keeper's cottage lay to the north of the crossing on the up side which was of standard East Lincolnshire Railway design similar to that seen at , , and , all of which pre-dated the opening of the respective halts. Passenger services called at the station upon request only. The station closed on 11 September 1961, the same day as Fotherby Halt to the south which had also opened on the same day as part of the rail motor service.
The station is reputed to be haunted by the ghost of John Edward Lancaster, a length ganger, who was hit on the level crossing in dense fog by a Grimsby-Louth freight working in January 1953.
Present day.
The halt was demolished by British Rail long before final closure of the line in December 1980 and little remains of it today. The crossing keeper's cottage survives in good condition as a private residence. Ludborough's old down distant signal post stands over the trackbed to the south towards Louth. 
On 28 September 1991, the Lincolnshire Wolds Railway obtained a Light Railway Order authorising the reinstatement of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and the former Keddington Road level crossing near Louth, which would include the line through Utterby.
Future.
The Lincolnshire Wolds railway is currently extendeing towards Utterby Halt. The extension will be opened as soon as time and money permit. A run round loop operated by a two lever ground frame will eventually be installed here and will form the southern end of the railway for some time. 
However it will be some time before the level crossing will be re-instated. It is also very unlikely that a Halt will be built here as in BR days it never justified its own existence. The crossing again like Grainsby halt will probably end up being automatically worked. The old signal post will eventually be removed and restored for future use elsewhere on the railway.
Eventually once the railway reaches Louth, a passing loop might be installed here to allow two train working. This would enable one train to pass another and allow greater scope for train running.

</doc>
<doc id="18367970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367970" title="Fotherby Halt railway station">
Fotherby Halt railway station

Fotherby Halt was a railway halt on the East Lincolnshire Railway which served the village of Fotherby in Lincolnshire between 1905 and 1961. The station was opened on the site of a previous station named "Fotherby Gate House" which had closed in 1872. The second station closed in 1961, but the line through it remained open for freight until December 1980. The line through the station could be reopened by the Lincolnshire Wolds Railway as part of its extension south from to .
History.
The station was opened in February 1853 as "Fotherby Gate House", some five years after the East Lincolnshire Railway between and had opened on 1 March 1848. The origins of the station's name lay in the gatehouse constructed in 1847 by contractor John Waring and Sons of Rotherham to control the crossing over Peppin Lane near Fotherby, to the south of which the station lay. It was served by a twice-weekly passenger service restricted to market days. This reduced its patronage to such an extent that it was closed on 28 June 1872, but remained in public timetables until October 1872.
The station was reopened on 11 December 1905 as "Fotherby Halt" to coincide with the introduction of a motor train service by the Great Northern Railway. It consisted of two low parallel halt platforms to the south of the level crossing; a signal box was sited at the northern end of the up platform next to the crossing and opposite Fotherby gatehouse which served as the crossing keeper's cottage. Passenger services called at the station upon request only. The station closed on 11 September 1961, the same day as to the north which had opened on the same day as part of the rail motor service.
Present day.
The halt was demolished by British Rail long before final closure of the line in December 1980 and little remains of it today. The crossing keeper's cottage survives in good condition as a private residence, but the original windows have given way to upvc replacements. The rails remain embedded in the tarmac over Peppin Lane and an old signal stands over the trackbed to the south towards Louth. The signal box was moved to Chappel and Wakes Colne railway station in 1985 as part of the East Anglian Railway Museum.
On 28 September 1991, the Lincolnshire Wolds Railway obtained a Light Railway Order authorising the reinstatement of the East Lincolnshire Railway between and the former Keddington Road level crossing near Louth, which would include the line through Fotherby.

</doc>
<doc id="18367972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367972" title="Max Kruse">
Max Kruse

Maximilian "Max" Kruse (born 19 March 1988) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for Borussia Mönchengladbach in the Bundesliga.
Career.
Early career.
Kruse began his career with TSV Reinbek before joined in summer 1998 to SC Vier- und Marschlande. After more than seven years here he was scouted by Werder Bremen in January 2006. On 4 May 2009, he signed a two-year contract with FC St. Pauli. During the 2011–12 2. Bundesliga, Kruse scored 13 goals and provided six assists as FC St. Pauli finished on 62 points in fourth place, missing out on the promotion playoffs on goal difference.
SC Freiburg.
Following his successful spell with St. Pauli, Kruse was transferred to Bundesliga side SC Freiburg in the summer of 2012. Kruse made his competitive debut for his new club on 18 August 2012 in a DFB-Pokal match against Victoria Hamburg, which ended in a 2–1 victory as Kruse scored the opening goal and provided the assist for Sebastian Freis's winner. Kruse made his home league debut on 25 August, scoring a goal in Freiburg's 1–1 draw with 1. FSV Mainz 05. Kruse helped Freiburg claim their first win of the Bundesliga season in their third game on 16 September, netting a goal and providing two assists in an enthralling 5–3 defeat of TSG Hoffenheim.
Kruse helped seal an upset win over Schalke on 15 December, providing assists for first half goals to both Jan Rosenthal and Jonathan Schmid in a 3–1 away victory at the Veltins Arena. On 16 February, he opened the scoring nine minutes before half time as Freiburg recorded their first win over Kruse's former club Werder Bremen in 11 years with a 3–2 away victory at the Weserstadion.
Kruse netted twice in the second-half of Freiburg's Bundesliga clash with Borussia Mönchengladbach on 30 March, securing a 2–0 victory for the club. In Kruse's penultimate game with Freiburg on 11 May, he was awarded "Man of the Match" honours as he netted the winning goal in a 2–1 defeat of already relegated SpVgg Greuther Fürth, all but securing Freiburg an automatic spot in the Europa League group stage for next season.
Borussia Mönchengladbach.
Following a standout season with Freiburg, Kruse signed for Mönchengladbach on a four-year deal in April 2013. Kruse made his debut for the club in Gladbach's loss to 3. Liga side SV Darmstadt 98 in the first round of the DFB-Pokal on 4 August 2013. He managed to score his first goal for the club on 17 August, firing in Gladbach's first goal in a 3–0 home victory over Hannover 96. Kruse continued his scoring form on 31 August, netting Gladbach's third goal of a 4–1 home victory over his former club Werder Bremen.
International career.
Kruse was a member of the Germany U-19 that competed at the 2007 UEFA U-19 Championship and also featured for the Germany U-21. Kruse received his first call up to the senior squad for a friendly against Ecuador on 29 May 2013 in Boca Raton, Florida. He provided the assist for Lukas Podolski's second goal of the match before being substituted for Dennis Aogo in the 79th minute. The match ended with a 4–2 victory. Kruse scored his first goal for the national team in his second cap, scoring Germany's second goal in a 4–3 defeat to United States on 2 June, a game which celebrated 100 years of the United States Soccer Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="18367973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367973" title="Stanley Street, Liverpool">
Stanley Street, Liverpool

Stanley Street, in Liverpool City Centre, runs south between Dale Street and Whitechapel. As well as being home to numerous businesses ranging from Estate agents to Solicitors, some residents live in apartments in upper floors of some of the buildings. As part of Big Dig, the southern half of the street between Whitechapel and Victoria Street was repaved in 2007, and is used as a taxi-rank serving Liverpool's central shopping district.
History.
There are several Grade II Listed buildings in Stanley Street (see Listed buildings in Liverpool), due to their local historical importance. Many of the buildings are former warehouses, and are testament to Liverpool's industrial past. Stanley Street was also the location for Liverpool's first synagogue, in existence in the 1750s. The synagogue no longer stands, but a special commemorative plaque was unveiled in 2008 in Whitechapel, close to the original spot of the synagogue.
The Beatles.
Stanley Street also gains considerable interest from Beatles fans, due to its close proximity to Mathew Street and the Cavern Quarter (home of The Cavern Club), and is the location of the statue of Eleanor Rigby, designed by London musician and artist Tommy Steele. The statue is dedicated to "All the lonely people", and was donated to the City of Liverpool in 1982 as a tribute to The Beatles. A hotel called 'The Eleanor Rigby Hotel' is also located here. [http://www.theeleanorrigbyhotel.com/]
At the time when The Beatles were performing in Liverpool, Stanley Street was the site of Hessy's Music Store, one of the city's biggest music retailers. It was here that Mimi Smith (John Lennon's aunt), bought Lennon his first guitar in 1957. The street has also been home to an independent radio station, Radio City.
Local LGBT Community.
Stanley Street is also very much a focal point for Liverpool's LGBT community and is home to a cluster of gay bars and clubs between Dale St and Victoria Street. Stanley Street is the most recognised and referenced street within the in the Stanley Street Quarter.
In response to campaigns from members of Liverpool's LGBT community, including Councillor Steve Radford, of Liverpool based Liberal Party (UK, 1989), Liverpool City Council, has approved the partial pedestrianisation of Stanley Street, between Victoria Street and Dale Street. With the use of rising automatic hydraulic bollards from 10pm-6am every night, it is hoped the scheme will enhance the night time leisure experience of the Stanley Street Quarter. Many in Liverpool's LGBT community hope that Stanley Street could eventually become popular destination for the LGBT Community - perhaps Liverpool's answer to Canal Street (Manchester), home to Manchester's Gay Village. A report prepared by Feria Urbanism for Liverpool City Council in 2011 suggested the possibility of earlier closure of Stanley Street, from 6pm onwards each day.
The longest established gay venue on the corner of Stanley Street/Victora Street is 'The Lisbon', housed in a Grade II listed building, just below street level. Its unique ceiling is arguably its most admirable feature, and is often the first thing people notice when inside. The other bars on Stanley Street tend to be newer additions to the gay scene.

</doc>
<doc id="18367980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18367980" title="Dragan Dimitrovski">
Dragan Dimitrovski

Dragan Dimitrovski (; born 26 July 1977 in Bitola, Yugoslavia) is a retired Macedonian footballer who last played as a forward for FK Pelister in the Macedonian First League. He has also played for the Macedonian national team.
In 2009, while playing for Pelister, he scored his 100th league goal in a 3-0 win over Metalurg becoming only the third player to reach 100 league goals in Macedonia. After the match, he would say "I expected to score the 100th goal but not the gift from Čkembari. I promise more goals in the future and trust me, you have not heard the last word from this young team. We won the match easier than expected congrats to all our footballers."

</doc>
<doc id="18368005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368005" title="Evanston Public Library">
Evanston Public Library

The Evanston Public Library is the public library of Evanston, Illinois. It is a department of the City of Evanston.
History.
The Evanston Library Association was founded in 1870. The library itself was established in 1873 and Thomas J. Kellan was appointed the library's first librarian in 1874. In 1893 the library moved to the second floor of the new Village Hall in 1893 and the library's collection was reorganized according to the new Dewey Decimal Classification system in 1896. In 1908 the library moved to its current location at 1703 Orrington Ave.
Two additional branches were later added – the South Branch (at 926 Chicago Avenue) in 1917 and the North Branch (at 2026 Central Street) in 1952 and in 1958 the City Planning Commission approved a proposal for a new building at Church and Orrington.
In 1980, the library made online public access available to its patrons along with the introduction of two new rental options: the videocassette and duplicates of best selling books.
The library moved into its newly finished building in 1994 and the library celebrated its 125th anniversary in 1998.
Branches.
The Evanston Public Library has two branches: the Main Branch at 1703 Orrington Avenue; and the North Branch at 2026 Central Street. The South Branch at 949 Chicago Avenue was closed February 28, 2011, due to budget contraints. 
In March, 2011, the Mighty Twig volunteer-run library opened at 900 Chicago Avenue in Evanston, "as an experiment by Evanston Public Library Friends in response to the closing of the South Branch." Then, in August-September, 2012, the Evanston Public Library's Board voted to "to begin formalizing relations with The Mighty Twig." 
Special features.
Children's room.
Recently remodeled; the new children's section of the library offers a fun and interactive environment for kids of all ages. Also available for children are a number of kid-friendly programs and activities that the library has featured everyday, from storytime to art projects.
The Loft.
As a new addition to Evanston Public Library; the Loft is a place specifically designed for teens. It is a relaxed environment where teens can hang out, read and just unwind from a stressful day. Computers and internet are available.
In recent news, the Loft's design team has won the biennial American Library Association/International Interior Design Association interior design award. The award honors libraries that demonstrate artistic creativity with their choice of design, aesthetics and overall client satisfaction.
Peregrine falcons.
2008 was the fourth year in a row that peregrine falcons chose to nest atop a column on the library. The adult falcons, along with four babies born in 2006, can be seen from both outside and inside of the library. One can follow the falcon's many adventures on the FalconCam.
Classes and programs.
Computer classes.
The library offers a variety of free classes that teach students how to use and understand certain computer techniques such as using the mouse and navigating the internet. Registration is required. Classes featured in 2008 are: Computer Basics, Intro to the Internet, Intro to Email, and Internet Practice.
African American Literature Book Group.
Once a month, a group gets together to discuss pre-chosen books written by African American authors.
Book sales.
For those wishing to purchase an item, the library has a Book Sale occurring on the library's Main Floor. The library accepts donations of books, tapes/CDs, old maps, old postcards, children's books, and magazines.
Art on display.
The library has a variety of different art forms all over the library. Prominently displayed occupying several stories of the entry is "Ghostwriter" – a suspended wire sculpture that can be seen from every floor of the library.

</doc>
<doc id="18368007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368007" title="1978 Buenos Aires Grand Prix">
1978 Buenos Aires Grand Prix

Results from the 1978 Buenos Aires Grand Prix held at Buenos Aires on November 11, 1978, in the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez.

</doc>
<doc id="18368013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368013" title="David M. Borden">
David M. Borden

David M. Borden is a retired Connecticut Supreme Court Justice.
Judicial career.
Justice Borden received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Amherst College in 1959 and his Bachelor of Laws degree from Harvard Law School in 1962. Upon graduating, he entered private practice in Hartford, Connecticut in 1962 and continued until 1977.
Justice Borden played an important role in reforming the Connecticut judiciary, serving as executive director of the Commission to Revise the Criminal Statutes of the State of Connecticut from 1963 to 1971 and as principal architect of the 1969 Connecticut Penal Code. Judge Borden also served as Chief Counsel to the Joint Committee on the Judiciary (of the State of Connecticut), as judge of the Court of Common Pleas from 1977 to 1978, and as judge of the Superior Court from 1978 to 1983. Additionally, he was president of the Connecticut Judges Association from 1981 to 1983.
In 1983, following a reorganization of the Connecticut court system, Justice Borden became one of the six original judges of the Connecticut Appellate Court. Seven years later, in 1990, he was nominated to the Connecticut Supreme Court by Governor William A. O'Neill, a position he held until his retirement in 2007. Prior to his retirement, at the mandatory age of 70, Justice Borden was the Acting Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, following the resignation of Chief Justice Sullivan, who stepped down after it was revealed he delayed the release of an unpopular decision regarding the state's Freedom of Information Commission http://www.jud.ct.gov/external/supapp/Cases/AROcr/CR278/278CR144.pdf so that his chosen successor, Justice Zarrella, would be elevated to the Court's top position. As acting Chief Justice, Justice Borden formed the Public Access Task Force,http://www.jud.ct.gov/external/news/PATF_remarks_052506.pdf composed of judges, journalists, and attorneys to develop recommendations to ensure the Court's openness.http://www.jud.ct.gov/external/news/press201.htm Chief Justice Borden accepted most of the Task Force's recommendations,www.jud.ct.gov which have paved the way for an expanded transparency of court proceedings heretofore un-heard of in not only Connecticut, but in other state Supreme Courts. The Task Force was chaired by Justice Richard N. Palmer who co-authored with Chief Justice Borden a letter outlining their concerns about then-Chief Justice Sullivan's apparently deliberate decision to delay release of the FOI case, Clerk of GA7. Justice Borden authored a dissent in that opinion, joined by Justices Norcott and Katz http://www.jud.ct.gov/external/supapp/Cases/AROcr/CR278/278CR144E.pdf
During his tenure as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, he chaired several committees charged with further revising the Connecticut penal system. From 1992 to 2001, he served as Chairperson of the Rules Committee of the Judges of the Superior Court. He was also Chairperson of the Connecticut Law Revision Commission Task Force which was responsible for codifying the Connecticut Law of Evidence. This codification was later adopted as Connecticut Evidence Code.
In addition to his duties as a Connecticut jurist, Justice Borden teaches at the University of Connecticut School of Law and has co-authored three books: "Connecticut Criminal Jury Instructions", "Superior Court Criminal Rules", and "Connecticut Criminal Law".
One notable decision Justice Borden authored was State v. Cobb (251 Conn. 285, 1999). There the Connecticut Supreme Court upheld Sedrick Cobb's death sentence for the 1989 sexual assault and murder of Julia Ashe in Waterbury against a total of forty-five challenges. The Connecticut Supreme Court also upheld the sentence despite Justice Robert I. Berdon's angry dissent where he made a revelation about the Court's conference-specifically, Justice Berdon claimed that the Court had failed to engage in its statutorily-mandated duty to determine if sentences were the product of untoward passion. In Footnote 103 of the opinion, Justice Borden, Chief Justice Robert Callahan, Justice Ellen Ash Peters, Justice Edward Y. O'Connell AND dissenting Justices Flemming Norcott and Joette Katz excoriated Justice Berdon for violating the confidence of the Court Conference.
Justice Borden was the author of State v. Ledbetter (275 Conn. 534, 881 A. 2d 290 (2005)), a landmark decision on eyewitness identification law in Connecticut. He became interested in eyewitness identification issues. In 2011, he became the Chair of the Connecticut Legislature's Eyewitness Identification Task Force which supported the adoption of double-blind, sequential identification procedures, improved training, and statewide standards for identification procedures.
Justice Borden is currently a member of the Board of Directors of the Hartford Foundation for Public Giving, and screens criminal cases for transfer to the Supreme Court.

</doc>
<doc id="18368016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368016" title="Brielle School District">
Brielle School District

The Brielle School District is a community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Brielle, in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2007-08 school year, the district's one school had an enrollment of 708 students and 54.1 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "GH", the third highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
For grades 9-12, public school students attend Manasquan High School in Manasquan, as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Manasquan Public Schools.
School.
Brielle Elementary School had an enrollment of 708 students in the 2007-08 school year.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="18368056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368056" title="Avon School District (New Jersey)">
Avon School District (New Jersey)

The Avon School District is a community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Avon-by-the-Sea, in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the district and its one school had a total enrollment of 181 students and 15.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.46:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "I", the second highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
For ninth through twelfth grades, public school students attend either Asbury Park High School or Manasquan High School, as part of a sending/receiving relationships with the respective districts, based on the results of a lottery under which 62.5% of students are sent to Manasquan and 37.5% to Asbury Park.
The Manasquan school also serves students from Belmar, Brielle, Lake Como, Sea Girt, Spring Lake, Spring Lake Heights who attend as part of sending/receiving relationships with their respective districts.
Students may also apply to academy schools in the Monmouth County Vocational School District, which include the Academy of Allied Health & Science, Biotechnology High School, High Technology High School, Marine Academy of Science and Technology and Communications High School. Students also have the option to attend Academy Charter High School in Lake Como, which accepts students on a lottery basis from the communities of Allenhurst, Asbury Park, Avon-by-the-Sea, Belmar, Bradley Beach, Deal, Interlaken and Lake Como.
School.
Avon Elementary School served an enrollment of 161 students during the 2010-11 school year.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="18368058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368058" title="Douglas Hunt">
Douglas Hunt

Douglas ‘Doug’ Hunt (19 May 1914 - 30 May 1989) was a professional footballer whose career lasted from 1934 to 1948. Hunt was a centre forward who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Barnsley, Sheffield Wednesday and Leyton Orient. Hunt lost some of his best years as a footballer to World War II being only 25 when war was declared. In his 14 year career he made 169 appearances including cup ties and scored 73 goals. Hunt holds a special place in the annals of Sheffield Wednesday being the only player in their history to score six goals in a competitive match. On retiring from playing, Hunt was a manager and a coach in non-league football for 38 years.
Playing career.
Hunt was born in the small Hampshire village of Shipton Bellinger. His football career started in the early 1930s in the Hampshire League with Winchester City where he took over the centre forward’s shirt after Ted Drake had left to start his league career at Southampton. Hunt’s ability as a goalscorer was spotted by Tottenham Hotspur and he signed for the north London club in March 1934.
Tottenham Hotspur.
Hunt was initially assigned to play for Tottenham’s nursery side Northfleet United and did not make his Tottenham debut until Christmas Day 1934 in a 3-0 away defeat at Grimsby Town. Hunt made 12 appearances that season scoring 4 goals as Tottenham struggled and were eventually relegated from Division One at the end of the 1934-35 campaign. In his three seasons at Tottenham, Hunt never found himself as an automatic choice finding himself behind George Hunt and then Johnny Morrison in the pecking order for first choice centre forward. He had an excellent record for Tottenham’s reserve team, scoring 56 goals in 74 matches and in March 1937 he signed for Second Division Barnsley for a fee of £1700 in an effort to get regular first team football.
Barnsley.
Hunt stayed at Barnsley for a year, the 1937-38 season saw the team in a relegation struggle but Hunt’s form was good scoring 15 goals in 29 appearances and in March 1938 he became Jimmy McMullan’s first signing for Sheffield Wednesday for a fee of £3875.
Sheffield Wednesday.
Hunt exchanged one relegation battle for another as Wednesday were also down near the bottom of the Second Division. He made his debut on 5 March 1938 against Manchester United and played in all the remaining 12 league games that season, scoring six goals as he provided a remedy for Wednesday’s problem centre forward position which had been bothering them all season. He also took over from Horace Burrows as club penalty taker. Some of his goals were vital, he scored the winner at Nottingham Forest, then scored a vital brace in Wednesday’s penultimate match of the season, a 2-1 home victory against Burnley which lifted the team out of the bottom three. He then scored the winner in the following Saturday’s 2-1 win at Tottenham to ensure safety.
The 1938-39 season saw Wednesday involved in a thrilling promotion chase which saw them miss out on promotion by one point. Hunt had a fine season scoring 26 League goals in 30 appearances and finishing as club top scorer for the campaign. However it is the match against Norwich City on November 19, 1938 which has left Hunt with a unique place in Sheffield Wednesday history.
"Hunt's game" - six goals in one match.
Despite their high finish, Wednesday had a slow start to the 1938-39 campaign, being well down the League in 14th place before the visit of Norwich, they had lost heavily 5-1 at West Brom the previous Saturday. Hunt however was bang in form having scored four goals in a Sheffield and Hallamshire County Cup semi-final tie 12 days earlier against Rotherham United. There were three main factors why Wednesday had such a crushing 7-0 victory on that day, firstly Norwich had a terrible away record having failed to pick up a single point on their travels. Secondly, Wednesday‘s England international inside right Jackie Robinson had one of his finest games for the club and created five of the six goals that Doug Hunt scored. Thirdly, Norwich’s centre half Peter Burke was injured after 15 minutes and was a “passenger” for the rest of the game on the left wing. With no substitutes allowed, this left the Wednesday forwards and Hunt in particular with plenty of room.
Hunt missed an easy chance in Wednesday’s first attack but within two minutes of Burke’s injury he had put Wednesday one up. After 25 minutes he scored a second when he beat Norwich’s offside trap and ran on to beat keeper Harry Dukes. Hunt completed a hat-trick six minutes before half time after picking up a pass from Robinson and shooting home from the edge of the penalty area, he then added his and the team's fourth a minute before the break. Hunt’s fifth came after 65 minutes when he connected with Bill Fallon’s corner, hitting the post but reacting quickly to knock in the rebound. Bill Fallon scored Wednesday’s sixth goal after 80 minutes and with three minutes remaining Hunt scored his sixth and Wednesday’s seventh to created a new individual goal scoring record in a competitive match for Sheffield Wednesday.
Wartime.
Hunt played in the first three matches of the 1939-40 season before official football was suspended because of World War II. During the war he returned to his home county of Hampshire and joined the army. He made guest appearances for Brentford, Tottenham Hotspur, Aldershot, Fulham and West Ham winning the London War Cup with Brentford in 1942. He returned to Sheffield after leaving the army and played five games for Wednesday in the wartime league of 1945-46. He was put on the transfer list in February 1946 and accepted the post of player-coach at Leyton Orient in April of that year with a transfer fee of £620 changing hands.
Latter career.
He had a good first season with Leyton Orient (1946–47) scoring 13 League goals in 39 appearances, finishing joint top scorer with Wally Pullen as Orient finished in the bottom half of Division Three South. For the following campaign he was appointed assistant-manager but still put in 22 appearances for the first team at inside right. He left Orient to become manager at Gloucester City between 1948 and 1953 before moving to Tonbridge in January 1954 whom he took to two Southern League Cup finals in 1955 and 1957. He also signed Ron Saunders for Tonbridge in July 1956 starting him on the road to becoming a top player and manager. In 1958 he moved to Yeovil Town as trainer-coach staying there for more than 25 years, being granted a Testimonial match in 1976, before retiring in 1986, aged 72. Doug Hunt died on 30 May 1989, aged 75 in Yeovil.

</doc>
<doc id="18368061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368061" title="Joseph H. Scammell (ship)">
Joseph H. Scammell (ship)

The Joseph H Scammell was a Canadian sailing ship that was built at Eatonville, Nova Scotia in 1884 and shipwrecked at Point Danger, Torquay, Victoria, Australia in 1891. Her wreck triggered a large scale episode of shipwreck pilfering and smuggling.
Construction.
"Joseph H Scammell" was built at Eatonville a small village in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia. Today the village is a vanished ghost town in the middle of Cape Chignecto Provincial Park but in 1884 it was the centre of a large lumbering operation and a substantial shipyard. In 1884 the yard was run by the Scammell Brothers who named the ship after one of the family patriarchs. The ship was launched in September 1884 and registered at Saint John, New Brunswick, the nearest large port. She would sail under a Canadian flag for her entire career.
Wrecking.
On May 7, 1891, when the vessel was on its 114th day of its voyage from New York to Melbourne, the Scammell had set a course for Port Phillip Heads when bad weather and rough seas dragged the ship towards shores where it ran a ground on a reef near Point Danger of Torquay. There were 22 people aboard the Scammell, including the wife and daughter of Captain J A Chapman. The ship's dangerous position was first noticed by local fisherman at approximately 11 am, one of the fisherman, Felix Rosser, attempted to row out to the ship to provide assistance but was forced back to shore by strong seas. The following day after the seas had settled, the crew of the ship were able to lower a boat and evacuate all on board. Due to the incident, Captain J A Chapman had his master’s certificate suspended for 12 months for careless navigation and negligence.
Pilfering.
In the following days, the cargo of the ship was washed ashore and an estimated 2,000 locals began looting various merchandise which included tobacco, buggy sides, leather, clothing and kerosene. By the time customs officials and police arrived most of the $120,000 cargo had already been looted. Within a week a man from Geelong had purchased the Ship and its remaining cargo for $2628 and held an auction on the beach. The ship's wheelhouse was bought and incorporated into the second floor of a house which can still be seen at the corner of Pearl street and Anderson street in Torquay.

</doc>
<doc id="18368110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368110" title="Ofis Publik ar Brezhoneg">
Ofis Publik ar Brezhoneg

The Public Office for the Breton Language (; ) was established on 15 October 2010 as a public institution, with state and regional cooperation and funding, to promote and develop teaching and use of the Breton language in daily life. It is an example of language revival efforts for minority languages in France.
Mission.
One of its missions is to collect and distribute socio-linguistic data, in order to approach language revival based in science and facts. It must collect data on the Breton language ("Arsellva ar brezhoneg") and publish it, to advise communes for bilingual signage and place names.
It supports TermBret, the cooperative terminology service which publishes glossaries. Finally, it assists individuals, administrations and businesses who want to use the Breton language. (From 1 July 1999 to September 15, 1999, 42 administrations, associations or companies have made an appealed to the national government to allow use of Breton as an official language.)
History.
It was established to replace the "Ofis ar Brezhoneg/Office de la langue bretonne," created on 1 May 1999 by the Region of Brittany. That office hd a similar mission and worked mostly to promote use of Breton in daily life. In 2001 it initiated "Ya d'ar brezhoneg" (, ), an effort to encourage businesses to adopt use of Breton and provide bilingual resources, as well as to encourage communes to establish bilingual signs and tourist materials.
Finance and organisation.
The Office is now an Établissement public de coopération culturelle, a public institution run by a board of directors. They represent local authorities and the French state. It is presided over by Lena Louarn, a councillor elected in the Regional Council of Brittany. The Office is based in Carhaix, where its director Fulup Jakez works. The Observatory of the Breton Language ("l'Observatoire de la langue bretonne"), led by the deputy director Olier ar Mogn, is located in Rennes.
Before October 2010, the OPB was an independent regional association, led by Lena Louarn between 1999 and 2010. Its budget of € 1 million was primarily funded by the Brittany Region.
Breton language.
The Office participates in the promotion of Breton courses for adults. It has published data on participation in and centers for Breton courses for adults: 
In the year 1998-1999, 9,300 adults followed a course (e.g. evening courses, correspondence). Of those, 1,200 were in Upper Brittany (550 in Ille-et-Vilaine and 462 in Loire-Atlantique). At the time, a total of 165 organizations organised evening courses in Brittany and 28 outside Brittany (of the latter, 15 are in the region of Paris).
In 2003, the Office prepared and published a road map of Brittany in the Breton language. (The map includes Loire-Atlantique, which was historically considered part of the region until 1941.).

</doc>
<doc id="18368120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368120" title="Constantino Barza">
Constantino Barza

Constantino Barza was a Brazilian photographer that operated between the second half of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century. Little is known about his biography, but it is known that he succeeded the photographer Alberto Henschelin the command of the atelier "Photographia Allemã" ("German Photography") in Recife, in the end of the 19th century. Many photos of his authorship can be found in the digital archive Domínio Público.

</doc>
<doc id="18368122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368122" title="Silver Creek, Georgia">
Silver Creek, Georgia

Silver Creek is an unincorporated community in Floyd County, Georgia, United States. It is part of the 'Rome, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area'.

</doc>
<doc id="18368138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368138" title="Daniel R. Foley">
Daniel R. Foley

Daniel Foley was a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives for the 57th District from 1999 to 2009. He was defeated in the 2008 primary election. He was succeeded by Dennis J. Kintigh.
Past Elections.
Daniel Foley first ran for the New Mexico House of Representatives seat in November 1998 he was successful. He was unopposed until 2002, Foley won that election as well. In 2008 Foley faced an election against an opponent, Dennis J. Kintigh. Foley lost the election by 585 votes.

</doc>
<doc id="18368146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368146" title="2003–04 Maltese First Division">
2003–04 Maltese First Division

The Maltese First Division 2003–04 (known as MIA First Division 2003-04 for sponsorship reasons) started on 13 September 2003 and finished on 9 May 2004.Marsa and Mosta were relegated from Maltese Premier League.Tarxien and San Gwann were promoted from Maltese Second Division with the latter (San Gwann) having won a promotion playoff against Vittoriosa.St.Patrick were the champions while Lija were runners-up.Both were promoted to Maltese Premier League.Tarxien and Rabat wrer relegated to Maltese Second Division with the former having just clinched promotion only to go straight down again.
Participating teams.
The Maltese First Division 2003–04 was made up of these teams:
Final League Table 2003-04.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsC = Champions; R = Relegated; RP = Relegation playoffs
Results.
For a complete set of results,see 1

</doc>
<doc id="18368155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368155" title="First Baptist Church of Tarrytown">
First Baptist Church of Tarrytown

The First Baptist Church of Tarrytown is located on South Broadway (U.S. Route 9) in Tarrytown, New York, United States. It is a stone building in the Victorian Gothic architectural style dating to the 1870s. In 1983 it and its rectory were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Congregants first met in the 1840s. The first church on the present site was erected in 1847. A quarter-century later Russell Sturgis was commissioned to design the present structure, which took five years to complete, including a detailed Gothic interior. It signaled Tarrytown's development as a suburb, especially after John D. Rockefeller and members of his family moved to the village and joined the church. They made possible some of its later enhancements, such as its landscaping and rectory, both added later.
Buildings and grounds.
The lot shared by the church and rectory is at the southeast corner of the intersection of South Broadway and East Elizabeth Street, on the southeast edge of downtown Tarrytown. Across the street is Christ Episcopal Church, an 1830s brick Gothic Revival structure also listed on the Register. The neighborhood is a mix of commercial, institutional and residential use. There is an affordable housing project to the southwest, single-family houses to the east, north and south along Broadway, and commercial buildings to the northwest. The terrain slopes westward towards the Hudson River.
Exterior.
The church is a single-story structure of ashlar-patterned bluestone with brownstone trim, topped with a gabled roof shingled in slate. Its main block is three bays wide on the east elevation, eleven on the north and nine on the west. A tower is attached to the southwest corner.
On the west (front) facade a small porte-cochère with brownstone columns, arched entries and buttresses shelters the main entrance. To its south is a lancet window. Above it is a large rose window. A narrow double casement window is in the gable apex. A bluestone chimney rises from the east end of the south wall of the nave.
The east end of the apse has four windows. Sheds with asphalt roofs line both north and south on the first floor; above them are the only plain glass windows on the structure. The north side has a porch with elongated Gothic columns topped by foliate capitals. Its ceiling has narrow, diagonal boards with dark stain.
There are four stages to the tower. Its base is square-shaped, with one central lancet window on the west complementing the larger one to its north on the main block. The second stage has no windows. At the third stage the tower becomes octagonal, with narrow casement windows in alternating facets. The elongated fourth stage has the same windows on the other facets at its bottom and round-arched louvered windows near the top with brownstone in between them. Atop the tower is a slender spire shingled in slate, pierced by four smaller copper-roofed gabled dormer windows. A copper finial and cross tops the spire.
Interior.
The church's interior makes extensive use of Honduran mahogany carved with Gothic details. In the sanctuary it is used for the wainscoting, exposed hammerbeam rafters, organ screen and molded hood above the organ. The lectern and pulpit are original, as are the pews.
There is a stencilled cornice line border and large yellow sunflower between all but one of the rafters. The wooden screen across the back was added later and uses classical motifs. It has stained glass panels with dark oak surrounds and a denticulated cornice on top. Double doors in the center are topped with a pediment containing a clock.
The outside entrance to the base of the tower has been closed. It may be accessed instead via an entrance from the narthex. The space is used for storage. It retains its original hardwood narrow-board flooring and gas chandelier of brass and frosted glass with a Greek key design. A ladder leads to the upper stages of the tower.
North of the apse is a room called the lecture hall on the original plans. It has dark wooden walls and sliding doors, in contrast to the ceiling's golden oak curved rafters that converge at a decorative element. Other features include chamfered door stiles, wooden louvers for the stained-glass windows, and brass door hardware.
Rectory.
The rectory is located to the south of the church. It is a two-story three-by-four-bay Roman brick structure with wooden trim and granite stringcourses, sills and lintels. Windows are double-hung sash. It is topped with a hipped roof shingled in red Vermont slate. One segmental-arched dormer window pierces each facet of the roof.
A raised veranda with slate roof extends the width of the west (front) facade. It is complemented by a porch on the north. Both are supported by narrow Doric columns. Similar classical detailing on the house includes a modillioned and bracketed cornice, Adamesque garlanded friezes, and terra cotta escutcheon on the second story. Inside it has two fireplaces of imported Italian marble on the first floor, and much of its original woodwork.
On the east is a one-story, two-bay garage of cinderblock, added later on. It is not considered contributing to the property's historic character. Landscaping includes a horse chestnut tree and pathways and drives done in the same Roman brick as the rectory.
History.
The history of the First Baptist Church goes through three eras: the years of its founding and rapid growth from the mid-19th century through the Civil War, when it met in several different places; the construction of the new church and the impact of the Rockefeller family; and the years since then.
1840s–1873: Founding and early growth.
In the 1840s, as Tarrytown grew eastward from the riverside where it had begun, the community became large enough to support several Protestant denominations. For Baptists of the time the nearest church was in Sing Sing, now Ossining, roughly ten miles (16 km) to the north along the Albany Post Road. A local congregation was finally organized in 1843, and recognized later that year as Beekman Baptist Church.
The next year they were able to hire a minister, and rent a building they named Beekman Chapel. Soon they had to abandon it due to financial problems, and a local Methodist minister offered his church in the meantime. Later in the year they bought a lot at Main and Washington and built their first church for $3,000 ($ in modern dollars). It was renamed the First Baptist Church of Tarrytown.
Six years after its founding, the new church had grown more than fivefold, to 60 members. A revival that began in 1857 under William Wines, a pastor known for his abolitionism, almost tripled the church to 172 members by the end of the Civil War nine years later.
After a year without a pastor, David Reeves, a veteran of the Confederate Army, walked all the way to Tarrytown from Alabama to take the job in 1867. The 1844 church could no longer hold the congregation. After Reeves left in 1870, the congregation began to seriously consider a new building. Before Dr. George Stone took over as pastor in 1873, the current lot had been purchased.
1873–1900: New church and Rockefeller patronage.
By that time, a building committee had been formed and raised some of the money. Russell Sturgis, the architect and critic who received the commission, was at the peak of his creative years following his designs for two of Yale University's oldest dormitories, Farnam and Durfee halls. He was also designing another Victorian Gothic religious building, Battell Chapel for the campus. As a critic he had written for the journal "New Path" on the virtues of the Pre-Raphaelite movement in England as applied to architecture, calling for simple buildings of solid construction and expressive of purpose, qualities his First Baptist Church of Tarrytown would embody.
Sturgis worked closely with the building committee on his design. The beginning of construction had to wait until 1874 due to the financial uncertainties created by the previous year's banking crisis. The architect's plan adapted, calling for a five-year plan with separate construction timetables for the main block and spire. By summer 1875 enough of the foundation and walls had been laid to hold a cornerstone ceremony.
The committee began meeting in the new church a year later, and by the end of 1876 the sexton had taken up occupancy. At that time construction began on the spire. Costs of construction ultimately reached $100,000 ($ in modern dollars), well over the original budget, when the church was formally dedicated in 1881. Originally, the interior walls were completely covered by the stencilled designs that today remain only between the ceiling rafters
At the time the church stood out within Tarrytown, which had only incorporated as a village a decade earlier. Broadway was still unpaved, and the surrounding buildings were of a much smaller scale. First Baptist signalled that the village, once a riverside port town that served the farmers inland, was becoming a desirable residential suburb, a home away from the city for successful financiers and industrialists. In particular, the Gothic stylings of the church were well-suited to a community located on a river that had begun to be referred to as "America's Rhine". In 1888 it took delivery of its pipe organ.
Tarrytown's cachet was secured in the following decade when John D. Rockefeller, founder of Standard Oil and the wealthiest man in America, not only at that time but historically, built his Kykuit estate north of Tarrytown and settled there with his family. The Rockefellers, especially their patriarch, had remained devout Baptists as their fortune grew.
They became members of First Baptist, and their patronage was to prove beneficial to the church. The rectory was built south of the church in 1896 through the generosity of Almira Geraldine Goodsell, wife of William Rockefeller, John's younger brother. Other gifts from the family strengthened the church's spiritual work and enhanced its physical appearance. At the turn of the century John D. Rockefeller himself paid for the church's landscaping.
1900–present: Later alterations.
In the early 1910s the interior was converted from gas to electric lighting. Some of the original gas jets remain, and an original gas fixture, unused since then, still hangs in the base of the tower. In 1936 an electric organ replaced the original pipe organ. The stencilling on the interior was painted over in the 1950s, with the exception of the sunflower bands in between the ceiling rafters, which were too difficult to reach. At that time the rectory was also renovated, with the first-floor rooms converted to Sunday school classrooms and office space and the second floor becoming the pastor's apartment.
The screen that creates the narthex space in the church sanctuary was brought in from another church at some point. It uses classical detailing instead of the Gothic detailing that dominates the space. Two of its eight stained glass windows are believed to be Tiffany glass.
Beliefs and programs.
The church's creed affirms Scripture as the final authority over matters spiritual and temporal, the Holy Trinity, and the divinity of Christ. "ll men are sinners by nature and by choice, and their salvation is received only through faith in the atoning death of Jesus Christ." This statement of the "sola fide" doctrine is followed by an explicit rejection of the notion that salvation can in any way come from good works.
The church describes itself as both part of the Church Universal and a local organization, "composed of regenerated, baptized believers voluntarily united for the purpose of worship." It believes that Christ commended two ordinances to the local churches: the Last Supper and baptism by immersion. The creed affirms the separation of church and state and its independence and self-governance by its elders.
In addition to hosting Sunday services the church runs several ministries and programs. There is a hospitality, doorkeepers and nursery program to offer support during the service. Youth and children's ministries teach Sunday school and run special Bible study classes for those groups. There are also men's and women's ministries. A missions committee organizes those activities, which have supported work from New York City and Montreal to Argentina and Japan. Other local outreach programs serve a local nursing home and foreign students at the EF International Academy nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="18368159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368159" title="KCNB2">
KCNB2

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily B member 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNB2" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18368162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368162" title="KCNC2">
KCNC2

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily C member 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNC2" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.
Expression pattern.
Kv3.1 and Kv3.2 channels are prominently expressed in neurons that fire at high frequency. Kv3.2 channels are prominently expressed in brain (fast-spiking GABAergic interneurons of the neocortex, hippocampus, and caudate nucleus; terminal fields of thalamocortical projections), and in retinal ganglion cells.
Physiological role.
Kv3.1/Kv3.2 conductance is necessary and kinetically optimized for high-frequency action potential generation. Sometimes in heteromeric complexes with Kv3.1; important for the high-frequency firing of fast spiking GABAergic interneurons and retinal ganglion cells; and GABA release via regulation of action potential duration in presynaptic terminals.
Pharmacological properties.
Kv3.2 currents in heterologous systems are highly sensitive to external tetraethylammonium (TEA) or 4-aminopyridine (4-AP) (IC50 values are 0.1 mM for both of the drugs). This can be useful in identifying native channels.
Transcript variants.
There are four transcript variants of Kv3.2 gene: Kv3.2a, Kv3.2b, Kv3.2c, Kv3.2d. Kv3.2 isoforms differ only in their C-terminal sequence.

</doc>
<doc id="18368163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368163" title="KCNF1">
KCNF1

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily F member 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNF1" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18368191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368191" title="Diocese of Masasi">
Diocese of Masasi

The Anglican Diocese of Masasi is one of 26 dioceses within the Anglican Church of Tanzania. The diocese was created in 1926 and its first bishop was William Lucas. Another, in 1960–1968, was Trevor Huddleston. The current bishop is Patrick Mwachiko.

</doc>
<doc id="18368197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368197" title="USS Ice King (ID-3160)">
USS Ice King (ID-3160)

USS "Ice King" (ID 3160) was a refrigerated cargo ship (reefer ship) acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was assigned to transport cargo across the Atlantic Ocean to Allied troops in Europe. On her first transatlantic crossing, a German submarine fired torpedoes at her, but, through skillful maneuvering, her captain was able to avoid being struck and sunk. Post-war she was sold, and continued her civilian maritime career.
Requisitioned by the Navy.
"Ice King", a 4715 gross ton (10,562 tons displacement) refrigerated cargo ship, was built at Shooters Island, New York, as part of the World War I shipbuilding effort. Ordered by the British as "War Unit", she was requisitioned by the U.S. Shipping Board and renamed "Passaic" while under construction. The ship was taken over by the Navy at New York City on 2 July and commissioned on 5 July 1918, Lt. Comdr. N. Fogarty in command. 
She carried the name "Passaic" in 1918 but was renamed "Ice King" shortly before commissioning, probably by the Navy to avoid confusion with a tug named "Passaic" (later designated YT-20) that was already on the Navy List.
World War I service.
Dodging U-Boat torpedoes.
USS "Ice King" departed Halifax, Nova Scotia on 18 July 1918 and arrived at Bordeaux, France, on 5 August with a cargo of over 2,500 tons of frozen beef, 200 tons of general cargo, and 20 trucks. While en route from Brest to Quiberon Bay 3 August, the ship maneuvered clear of two torpedoes from a German U-boat and then proceeded safely to her destination.
Transatlantic crossings.
Between September 1918 and May 1919 "Ice King" made four more round trip voyages between the United States and France, loading up to 3,000 tons frozen beef at Hoboken, New Jersey, for the eastbound voyage and returning with smaller U.S. Army return cargoes, including ammunition. "Ice King" was twice delayed in French ports, once by a shortage of refrigerated railcars and once by port congestion.
Post-war decommissioning.
USS "Ice King" was decommissioned and returned to the Shipping Board at New York City on 26 May 1919.
Subsequent maritime career.
As S.S. "Ice King", the ship began commercial service later in 1919 while owned by the Shipping Board, with port calls including Hoek van Holland in August and Goteborg, Sweden in September 1919. In 1920 the Shipping Board transferred her to the French American Line of New York, but this arrangement was short lived. 
Before the end of the year she was back in Shipping Board hands, where she remained until she was sold and renamed "Georgian" in 1928. Renamed "Hilton" in 1936, she was finally scrapped at Wilmington, Delaware, in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="18368219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368219" title="Kire Ristevski">
Kire Ristevski

Kire Ristevski (; born 22 October 1990) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as a defender for Slavia Sofia in the Bulgarian A Professional Football Group.
Ristevski signed with Slavia on 27 December 2013 on a two-year deal.

</doc>
<doc id="18368329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368329" title="Tsirguliina">
Tsirguliina

Tsirguliina is a small borough ("") in Tõlliste Parish, Valga County in southern Estonia, located about 13 km northeast of the town of Valga. With a population of 499 (as of 2011) it is the most populous settlement in the municipality; the area is 2.57 km². With the most important institutions and facilities like high school, kindergarten, civic centre, library, post office and medical office, it is the unofficial centre of the parish. The local government is located 3 km east in Laatre.
Tsirguliina was established around the Sangaste station on Tartu–Valga railway shortly after its opening in 1887. Nowadays the train station is still used by passenger traffic.
Tsirguliina borders the Väike Emajõgi River on its southern side. The name means "bird's town" in South Estonian.
Historian Tiit Rosenberg (born 1946) was born in Tirguliina.

</doc>
<doc id="18368334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368334" title="Ex Reverie">
Ex Reverie

Ex Reverie is the Philly-based, solo project of folk musician Gillian Chadwick. 
Debut album "The Door Into Summer" features the production and musical collaboration of Greg Weeks and his wife Jessica. The act is signed to Greg and Jessica's Language of Stone record label. Additional contributors to Ex Reverie's sound are Ben McConnel, Margie Wienk, Art Difuria and Gillian's husband, David Chadwick.
Gillian Chadwick has also performed with Jessica Weeks as Woodwose, and with Sharron Kraus as Rusalnaia, in addition to being a contributing member to the band Golden Ball which she co-founded with her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="18368341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368341" title="Alessandro Machado Júnior Sousa">
Alessandro Machado Júnior Sousa

Alessandro Machado Júnior Sousa or simply Júnior (born 10 December 1985) is a Brazilian footballer who last played as a forward for FC Banants in the Armenian Premier League.
Júnior played for PFC Litex Lovech during the Bulgarian A PFG 2006–07 season. In the season 2008-2009 he played with FK Pelister in the Macedonian First League. Afterwords, playing with Armenian FC Banants he scored three league goals during the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18368348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368348" title="2004 AAPT Championships – Singles">
2004 AAPT Championships – Singles

Nikolay Davydenko was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Dominik Hrbatý won in the final 7–5, 6–3 against Michaël Llodra.

</doc>
<doc id="18368368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368368" title="Väimela">
Väimela

Väimela is a small borough ("") in Võru Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia. 
Väimela is situated 5 km from Võru and it is first mentioned in historical materials in 1403. Võru County Vocational Training Centre is situated in Väimela.

</doc>
<doc id="18368369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368369" title="Shellness">
Shellness

The Hamlet of Shellness is a small coastal settlement on the most easterly point of the Isle of Sheppey in the Borough of Swale in Kent, England, north-east of Harty and south-east of Leysdown-on-Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="18368373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368373" title="Amato (disambiguation)">
Amato (disambiguation)

Amato is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
Amato may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18368384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368384" title="HR Carinae">
HR Carinae

HR Carinae is a supergiant, luminous blue variable star located in the constellation Carina. It is surrounded by a vast nebula of ejected nuclear-processed material because this star has a multiple shell expanding atmosphere. This star is among the most luminous stars in our galaxy. It has very broad emission wings of the Balmer lines, reminiscent from the broad lines observed in the spectra of O and Wolf-Rayet stars. A kinematic distance of 5.4 kpc and a bolometric magnitude of -9.4 put HR Car among the most luminous stars of the galaxy.
Brightness variation.
HR Carinae undergoes spectral variations apparently correlated with the light variations similarly to other luminous blue variables.
Characteristics.
HR Carinae is a lot like Eta Carinae, both luminous blue variables, and both surrounded by ejected material. The only difference is their mass.

</doc>
<doc id="18368387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368387" title="Parksepa">
Parksepa

Parksepa is a small borough ("") in Võru Parish, Võru County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18368395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368395" title="Whitfield, Derbyshire">
Whitfield, Derbyshire

Whitfield is a hamlet in Derbyshire, England. It is located south of Glossop town hall, south of Glossop Brook between Bray Clough and Hurst Brook. The urban area stretches about up the hillside. Whitfield was one of the original townships in the ancient parish of Glossop, and in the manor. The ancient township rose from above mean sea level, and the upper part is part of the Peak District National Park. The highest point is Mill Hill which is on the Pennine Way.
The Manor of Whitfield was conveyed in 1330 to John Foljambe. Though held with the manor of Glossop, the land in Whitfield was mostly not part of the Norfolk estate unlike most of the manor of Glossop. When it was enclosed by act of parliament in 1810 it was recorded as being . Included in Whitfield are the villages of Charlestown and Littlemoor. 
The Turnlee Paper factory was in Littlemoor. St James, Littlemoor was built in 1845 in the Early English style, with tower and spire. There is a Methodist Chapel at Whitfield, the Wesleyan Reformers and Independent Calvinists had chapels at Littlemoor.
When Glossop expanded, and the Howardtown Mills were constructed it was subsumed into the new town. Power looms were introduced into these mills in 1825. In 1835 Whitfield church was extended to take the increased congregation, and a Church of England Primary school was built in 1848, an infant school was added by Anne Kershaw Wood in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="18368400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368400" title="Bhastrika">
Bhastrika

Bhastrika (pronounced bah-STREE-kah), a kind of pranayama, is a breathing technique where breathing is forcible and through the nose, with equal time for inhalation and exhalation. Bhastrika Pranayama is aimed at keeping the inhalation cycle equal to exhalation, yet making breath deeper and longer. Deep breath inwards and long exhalation outwords with equal time intervals constitutes this pranayam technique.

</doc>
<doc id="18368406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368406" title="Ichinomiya Munekore">
Ichinomiya Munekore


</doc>
<doc id="18368492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368492" title="Connecticut Superior Court">
Connecticut Superior Court

The Connecticut Superior Court is the state trial court of general jurisdiction. It hears all matters other than those of original jurisdiction of the Probate Court, and hears appeals from the Probate Court. The Superior Court has 13 judicial districts which have at least one courthouse and one geographical area court. Civil cases, administrative appeals, family matters, and serious criminal offenses are generally heard in a judicial district courthouse. All criminal arraignments, misdemeanors, felonies, and motor vehicle violations that require a court appearance are heard in one the 20 geographical area courts.
The court has four trial divisions: civil, criminal, family, and housing. The housing division is located in the Bridgeport, Hartford, New Haven, Stamford-Norwalk, and Waterbury judicial districts, in all other judicial districts the cases of the housing division are heard in the civil division.

</doc>
<doc id="18368500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368500" title="Värska">
Värska

Värska () is a small borough ("") in Värska Parish, Põlva County in southeastern Estonia. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 443.

</doc>
<doc id="18368501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368501" title="Bauhaus (company)">
Bauhaus (company)

Bauhaus is a Swiss retail chain offering products for home improvement, gardening and workshop. The name contains the German words "bauen" (to build) and "Haus" (house), but also alludes to the famous modernist Bauhaus school and style of the period between the First and Second World Wars. Its first store opened in Mannheim, Germany in 1960. It has 190 stores and franchises in many countries, including Austria, Bulgaria (Q1 2012), the Czech Republic, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Hungary, Iceland, Montenegro (planned), Norway, Serbia (2012), Slovakia (planned 2013), Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and Turkey.
The chain is a sponsor of the International Bobsleigh and Tobogganing Federation (FIBT), including the Bobsleigh and Skeleton World Cup competitions, along with the FIBT World Championships. On 22 October 2009, it was announced that the company would be the title sponsor for the 2009–10 Ski Jumping World Cup.
Controversy.
In 2009, "Monitor", an investigative German TV format produced by ARD, revealed that the Bauhaus management used the term "contaminated by works councils" () to refer to chain stores with an active works council taking care of the employees' interests. Subsequently, "betriebsratsverseucht" was chosen as the German Un-Word of the Year by a jury of linguistic scholars, who thus criticized the presumed inhuman attitude of the Bauhaus management towards its subordinates.

</doc>
<doc id="18368504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368504" title="D'Amato">
D'Amato

D'Amato may refer to:
People with the surname D'Amato:

</doc>
<doc id="18368519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368519" title="Turkmenistan Super Cup">
Turkmenistan Super Cup

The Turkmenistan Super Cup (Turkmen: "Türkmenistanyň Naýbaşy Kubogy") is an annual one-match association football competition in Turkmenistan organized by the Football Federation of Turkmenistan. This competition serves as the season opener and is played between the Ýokary Liga Champions and the Turkmenistan Cup Winners of the previous season. If a single team holds both titles, the Cup runners-up are invited. 

</doc>
<doc id="18368525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368525" title="Kanepi">
Kanepi

Kanepi is a small borough ("") in Kanepi Parish, Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
The name Kanep means cannabis in Estonian.
Hugo Treffner (1845–1912), educator, founder of the Hugo Treffner Gymnasium was born in Kanepi as a son of a family of local parish clerk.

</doc>
<doc id="18368542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368542" title="Värnamo Sjukhus">
Värnamo Sjukhus

Värnamo sjukhus is a hospital in Värnamo, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18368547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368547" title="Veriora">
Veriora

Veriora is a small borough ("") in Põlva County, southeastern Estonia. It's the administrative centre of Veriora Parish.

</doc>
<doc id="18368565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368565" title="36th Rescue Flight">
36th Rescue Flight

The 36th Rescue Flight (36 RQF) is part of the 336th Training Group at Fairchild Air Force Base, Washington. It operates UH-1N Iroquois Twin Huey aircraft conducting search and rescue missions in support of the US Air Force Survival School.
History.
The 36th flew combat rescue missions in the Korean War from, November 1952-July 1953. It conducted search, rescue, and recovery missions in Japan and the waters around Japan from, 1952–1960 and 1961-1972. Since May 1993 the squadron has operated helicopters for survival training.
The 36th Aerospace Rescue and Recovery Squadron Flew combat rescue missions in Southeast Asia (Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, Thailand) 1966-end of hostilities primarily "Crown" rescue coordination and command missions. The unit received Presidential Unit Citation for its participation on combat operations in theater.

</doc>
<doc id="18368571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368571" title="KCNG2">
KCNG2

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily G member 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNG2" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18368572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368572" title="List of Bulgarian football transfers 2008–09">
List of Bulgarian football transfers 2008–09

This is a list of Bulgarian football transfers for the 2008-09 season. Only moves from and/or to the Bulgarian "A" profesional football group are listed.

</doc>
<doc id="18368574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368574" title="KCNG3">
KCNG3

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily G member 3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNG3" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18368576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368576" title="KCNG4">
KCNG4

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily G member 4 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNG4" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18368578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368578" title="Leslie Stradling">
Leslie Stradling

Leslie Edward Stradling (11 February 1908–8 January1998) was an Anglican bishop in three separate African dioceses during the mid-20th century.
Born on 11 February 1908 and educated at King Edward VII School, Sheffield and The Queen's College, Oxford he was ordained in 1934. After a curacy at St Paul's, Lorrimore Square he was Vicar of "St Luke's, Camberwell" and then of "St Anne's, Wandsworth" before being appointed the Church’s youngest bishop in 1945. Translated from Masasi to be the first Bishop of South-West Tanganyika in 1952, his final post was as Bishop of Johannnesburg.
He died in 1998 in Cape Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18368602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368602" title="Thin-film diode">
Thin-film diode

Thin film diode (TFD) generally refers to any diode produced using thin-film technology.
Within the flat panel display industry TFD more often refers to thin film bi-directional diodes, also known as metal-insulator-metal (MIM) TFDs or nonlinear resistors. Bi-directional MIM TFDs have very low current flow at low applied voltages, but then begin to conduct electricity above a threshold voltage, of either positive or negative polarity. Owing to this behavior these two terminal devices may be used as a switch. The exact threshold voltage at which a MIM TFD switches on and begins to conduct electricity depends on its physical dimensions, such as thickness of the insulating layer, as well as the physical properties of the materials from which it is made, such as the work function of each metal layer.
Commercial applications.
Flat panel display manufactures have found use for MIM TFDs as switches in active matrix technology such as active matrix liquid crystal displays (AMLCD). Historically in AMLCDs the switching device of choice for pixels has been the thin-film transistor, however MIM TFD based displays have had some commercial success as they are simpler to make; only requiring two to three photo-lithography steps rather than the typical 5 or more needed to produce thin film transistors.
In short, the millions of switches housed on an active matrix display's back-plane, be they TFTs or TFDs, must each be able to accurately and repeatably control the voltage applied to their respective pixel in order to control its grey scale. While thin film diodes are cheaper to manufacture than TFTs it can difficult to achieve a wide color gamut and grey scale using single TFDs. These limitation can be overcome however by using a dual-select diode circuit which incorporates two MIM TFDs per pixel circuit.
South Korean electronics manufacturers LG and Samsung have both previously incorporated MIM TFDs into mobile phone displays. The American company Amorphyx Inc. was founded in 2012 to commercialize MIM-TFD technology incorporating amorphous metal materials.

</doc>
<doc id="18368611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368611" title="Arts criticism">
Arts criticism

Arts criticism is the process of describing, analyzing, interpreting, and judging works of art. It is distinct from art criticism (which focuses on visual arts) due to its broader remit. The disciplines of arts criticism can be defined by the object being considered rather than the methodology (through analysis of its philosophy): buildings (architecture criticism), paintings (visual art criticism), performances (dance criticism, theatre criticism), music (music journalism), visual media (film criticism, television criticism), or literary texts (literary criticism).
Criticism of the arts can be broadly divided into two types. There is academic criticism such as that found in scholarly works and specialist journals, then there is criticism of a more journalistic nature (often called 'a review') which is seen by a wider public through newspapers, television and radio. The academic criticism will be of a more vigorous and analytical nature than the journalistic, the journalistic may even focus on entertaining the reader at the expense of detail about the art under discussion.

</doc>
<doc id="18368615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368615" title="Mammaste">
Mammaste

Mammaste is a settlement in Põlva Parish, Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18368630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368630" title="Massimo Biolcati">
Massimo Biolcati

Massimo Biolcati (born 1972) is a jazz bassist, and composer. 
Biography.
Massimo Biolcati was born in Stockholm, Sweden and grew up in Sweden and Italy. Biolcati has performed and recorded with the likes of artists such as Michael Bublé, George Garzone, Jeff Ballard, Terence Blanchard, Ravi Coltrane, Paquito D'Rivera, Herbie Hancock, John Scofield, Wayne Shorter, Alon Yavnai, and Lionel Loueke. He is also a long-standing member of the Lionel Loueke Trio. While the Lionel Loueke Trio plays original music written by Lionel, the same group make up Gilfema which features music composed by all three members (Loueke, Biolcati, & Ferenc Nemeth). Biolcati released his first album as leader "Persona" on March 18, 2008. The album's roster includes Loueke, Peter Rende, Jeff Ballard, Lizz Wright, and Gretchen Parlato. The album was nominated for 2008 Independent Music Awards Best Jazz Album and won the Vox Pop vote.
Biolcati lives in Brooklyn in a building filled mostly with artists and musicians and was featured in an April, 2009 article in the New York Times real estate section.
In addition to being a professional musician, Biolcati is also an internet entrepreneur and developed the iPhone application called "iRealBook," a collection of chord sheets of jazz standards, jazz classics, Brazilian classics and more, which is a professional tool for jazz musicians and jazz students.
Discography.
AS A LEADER
AS MEMBER OF GILFEMA
AS SIDEMAN

</doc>
<doc id="18368653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368653" title="St. John's Rehab Hospital">
St. John's Rehab Hospital

St. John’s Rehab, part of Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, is solely dedicated to specialized rehabilitation. As the site of Canada’s only dedicated organ transplant rehabilitation program and Ontario's only dedicated burn rehabilitation program, the hospital develops individually customized inpatient and outpatient rehabilitation services.
This 160-bed hospital in North Toronto is fully affiliated with the University of Toronto and is a teaching site that receives students from many post-secondary institutions. Research is conducted in its specialty programs in partnership with other health care and provincial agencies.
The hospital was accredited by Accreditation Canada in 2009.
Patient Care.
St. John’s Rehab provides specialized treatment, education and outreach support for people recovering from:
Referrals are required for admission to St. John's Rehab programs with the exception of community wellness clinics, which are open to the public. These fee-for-service clinics specialize in orthopaedic conditions, acupuncture, chiropody, chiropractic, massage therapy, and arthritis aquatic treatment. While some services are funded by the Ontario Health Insurance Plan (OHIP), others are funded by insurers, such as motor vehicle insurance or the Workplace Safety and Insurance Board (WSIB).
St. John's Rehab incorporates the holistic approach of healing the mind, body and soul—a technique pioneered by the Sisterhood of St. John the Divine.
History.
Officially opening in 1937, St. John’s Rehab’s origins date back to the 1884 founding of the Sisterhood of St. John the Divine, Canada's only indigenous Anglican women's religious order. During the Riel Rebellion in Saskatchewan in 1885, the Sisters were called upon to manage a hospital being organized in Moose Jaw to care for those wounded in battle.
In 1933, the Sisterhood – who were historically active in health care – responded to the community’s need and directed their efforts to a new area: convalescent care. They organized a Board of Trustees under the direction of The Honourable Vincent Massey to finance and plan the construction of St. John’s Rehab Hospital (then a convalescent hospital). On May 22, 1937, the hospital opened its doors as the first Toronto-area facility to offer rehabilitative care.
By 1941, the need for recovery care had grown exponentially, to the point where St. John's Rehab began contemplating expanding beyond its 64 beds. In 1948, the hospital was already a regional provider, caring for 716 patients annually from present-day Toronto, York Region and throughout Ontario.
Following the Second World War in the 1940s, St. John’s Rehab offered respite care for recovering Canadian soldiers. This tradition continues today, as the hospital cares for soldiers wounded in the current mission in Afghanistan.
Today, St. John’s Rehab has 160 beds and cares for about 2,500 inpatients annually, as well as a comprehensive outpatient program that sees more than 50,000 visits per year.
Research and education.
St. John's Rehab trains clinical and administrative health professionals from across Canada. It offers supervised placements and learning opportunities in professions including physiotherapy, occupational therapy, physiatry, nursing, social work, psychology, massage therapy, chiropractic, chiropody, quality and risk management, corporate communications, hospital administration and human resources.
As a fully affiliated hospital of the University of Toronto, clinicians teach students from the Department of Rehabilitation Science. St. John's Rehab hosts students from institutions such as York University, Ryerson University, McMaster University, Humber College, Seneca College, Centennial College, George Brown College, University of New Brunswick, The Michener Institute of Applied Health Sciences, Elmcrest College and the Canadian Memorial Chiropractic College.
Redevelopment.
The hospital’s latest redevelopment included a brand new facility: the John C. and Sally Horsfall Eaton Centre for Ambulatory Care. This addition brings together all of the hospital’s outpatient services for the first time, including telerehab consultations for patients from across Ontario, a new therapy pool, and a face-mask and splinting clinic for burn and sports injuries. Floor-to-ceiling windows provide a backdrop to the facility’s of landscaped grounds. St. John’s Rehab Foundation has completed the $15-million "Rebuilding Lives" fundraising campaign to support the redevelopment project, as well as fund treatment equipment, clinical education and rehabilitation research.

</doc>
<doc id="18368654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368654" title="Hong Kong people in the United Kingdom">
Hong Kong people in the United Kingdom

Hong Kong people in the United Kingdom are people from Hong Kong who are residing in the United Kingdom, or British citizens of Hong Kong origin. Britons who have ancestry in Hong Kong, a special administrative region of the People's Republic of China, are usually considered British Chinese. 
Background.
The United Kingdom has historically been a popular destination for Hong Kong immigrants due to the colonial relationship between the two countries. The UK's popularity among immigrants was also helped by the fact that the English language enjoys official status in both countries. While many Hong Kong-born residents of the UK are ethnically Chinese, others include the children of colonial parentage (British and/or other European heritage, and people with ancestries from other parts of the former British colonial empire) born in Hong Kong prior to the transfer of sovereignty to China in 1997.
Demographics.
The 2001 Census recorded 96,445 Hong Kong-born people residing in the United Kingdom. Office for National Statistics estimates suggest that the Hong Kong-born resident population was 78,000 in 2009. These figures would have excluded people who were born elsewhere, yet raised in and emigrated to the UK from HK, and descendants of Hongkongers born within the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="18368673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368673" title="Daniel O'Neill">
Daniel O'Neill

Dan O'Neill or Daniel O'Neill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18368681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368681" title="Oshin Sahakian">
Oshin Sahakian

Oshin Sahakian (, , born March 21, 1986 in Isfahan, Iran) is a professional Iranian basketball player of Armenian descent who plays for Foolad Mahan of the Iranian Super League and also the Iranian national basketball team. He is 200 cm tall.

</doc>
<doc id="18368686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368686" title="Forest Hill, Maryland">
Forest Hill, Maryland

Forest Hill is an unincorporated community in Harford County, Maryland, United States, located north of the county seat of Bel Air. The main part of town is located at the intersection of Maryland Route 24 and Jarrettsville Road (former Maryland Route 23). Until 1958, this community was served by the Maryland and Pennsylvania Railroad at milepost 30.3.
Forest Hill's ZIP code area covers a relatively large area, with rural land on one side and suburban neighborhoods on the other. The latter is part of the Bel Air suburbs.
St. Ignatius Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Geography.
Forest Hill is located at (39.585106, -76.387739). Its elevation is 577 feet (176 m).
Demographics.
At the 2000 census there were 14,951 people (7,234 men and 7,717 women) and 5,459 housing units in the Forest Hill area. The town's land area is .

</doc>
<doc id="18368712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368712" title="SEVEN24 Films">
SEVEN24 Films

SEVEN24 Films (previously known as Alberta Filmworks) is a Canadian television production company based in Calgary, Alberta. Founded in 1989, SEVEN24 have produced and co-produced a number of television series, TV movies as well as feature films.

</doc>
<doc id="18368719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368719" title="Himmaste">
Himmaste

Himmaste is a settlement in Põlva Parish, Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.
Folklorist, theologist, linguist and national awakening figure Jakob Hurt (1839–1907) was born as the son of a local schoolteacher in Himmaste.

</doc>
<doc id="18368740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368740" title="DX5">
DX5

DX5 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18368775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368775" title="Mustla, Pärnu County">
Mustla, Pärnu County

Mustla is a village in Saarde Parish, Pärnu County in southern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18368793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368793" title="Gilbert Ashton">
Gilbert Ashton

Gilbert Ashton MC (27 September 1896 – 6 February 1981) was an English cricketer who played 62 first-class matches between the wars, mostly for Cambridge University (whom he captained in 1921, and also captained at football) and Worcestershire. His obituary in "Wisden" called him "a fine, aggressive stroke-player" and praised his fielding ability at cover point.
His bowling was of the occasional variety, and after he left Cambridge became essentially non-existent.
Career.
Ashton played less cricket than his ability merited as his "day job" for four decades from 1921 until 1961
was that of headmaster of the prep school of Abberley Hall School near Worcester. However, he played for Worcestershire when he could during the holidays, and in 1922, on only his second appearance for the county, he made 125 (his career-best) and 84 in a match against Northamptonshire at New Road.
"Wisdens obituary also praised his 36 for an England XI against Warwick Armstrong's Australians a year earlier, which gave the English hope after having been dismissed for 43 in the first innings, and helped lay the ground for a fine victory.
After 1927, Ashton ceased to play even semi-regular county cricket, and indeed after that year he was to make only two more first-class appearances: against Northamptonshire in June 1934 and, finally, against Leicestershire in July 1936. He did very little in either game.
He did, however, play a minor single-innings game for his county against the Royal Air Force aged 47 in 1944; he was lbw for nought.
Before going up to Cambridge, Ashton had been captain of the Winchester College XI. Upon leaving the school, he served in the First World War in the Royal Field Artillery; it was at this time that he won his MC. He also lost his left thumb during the war, although this was said not to have affected the quality of his fielding in later years.
After retiring from playing, Ashton served as a magistrate, and was also President of Worcestershire CCC from 1967 to 1969. He was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant of Worcestershire in 1968.
Family.
Ashton's mother, Victoria Alexandrina Inglis, was the daughter of Sir John Eardley Wilmot Inglis, who commanded the British forces at the Siege of Lucknow and Julia Selina Thesiger.
A number of his relatives played first-class cricket: his brothers Claude and Hubert had substantial careers for Cambridge and Essex, while another brother, Percy, had one game for Essex. Two uncles, Alfred Inglis and John Inglis reached first-class level briefly in the 1880s. Finally, Ashton's brother-in-law Ralph Huband played twice for Cambridge in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="18368829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368829" title="Terguride">
Terguride

Terguride (INN) is a serotonin antagonist. It is used for the treatment of hyperprolactinemia. Terguride is an oral, potent antagonist of 5-HT2B and 5-HT2A (serotonin) receptors. Serotonin stimulates the proliferation of pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells, and induces fibrosis in the wall of pulmonary arteries. Together, this causes vascular remodeling and narrowing of the pulmonary arteries. These changes result in increased vascular resistance and PAH. Due to the potential anti-proliferative and anti-fibrotic activity of terguride, this potential medicine could offer the hope of achieving reversal of pulmonary artery vascular remodeling and attenuation of disease progression.
In May 2008, terguride was granted orphan drug status for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension.
In May 2010 Pfizer purchased world-wide rights for the drug.

</doc>
<doc id="18368832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368832" title="Tihemetsa">
Tihemetsa

Tihemetsa is a small borough ("") in Saarde Parish, Pärnu County in southern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18368875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368875" title="1967 Buenos Aires Grand Prix">
1967 Buenos Aires Grand Prix

Results from the 1967 Buenos Aires Grand Prix held at Buenos Aires on January 22, 1967, in the Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez.The race was the first race for the XVI Temporada Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18368879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368879" title="Vastse-Kuuste">
Vastse-Kuuste

Vastse-Kuuste is a small borough ("") in Vaste-Kuuste Parish, Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18368887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368887" title="Cry for Happy">
Cry for Happy

Cry for Happy is a 1961 colour movie directed by George Marshall.
Plot.
During the Korean War, a Navy photographer and his three-man team occupy a Tokyo geisha house, though it is off-limits and four girls are living there. At first, the men misunderstand the geishas' occupation; later, romance develops. Eventually the Navy discovers the situation, and the sailors and the geishas decide to quickly convert the geisha house into a temporary orphanage. Surprisingly, the orphanage is successful.

</doc>
<doc id="18368901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368901" title="Heated roll laminator">
Heated roll laminator

A heated roll laminator uses heated rollers to melt glue extruded onto lamination film. This film is in turn applied to a substrate such as paper or card using pressure rollers. The primary purpose of laminating with such a machine is to embellish or protect printed documents or images. Heated roll laminators can vary in size from office based pouch laminators to industrial sized machines. Such industrial machines are primarily used for high quantity/quality output by printers or print finishers.
Whether small office or industrial machines – their primary function is to embellish or protect printed works. Such laminators are used to apply varying thicknesses of lamination film onto substrates such as paper or fabrics. The main advantage to the use of heated roll laminators is that of speed. Heated laminators use heated rollers or heated shoes to melt the glue which is applied to lamination film. The process of heating the glue prior to applying the film to a substrate allows for a faster application of the film. The laminates and adhesives used are generally cheaper to manufacture than cold roll laminates, often as much as half the cost depending on the comparison made. As the materials are non-adhesive until exposed to heat, they are much easier to handle. The glue is solid at room temperature, so lamination of this type is less likely to shift or warp after its application than pressure activated laminates, which rely on a highly viscous, adhesive fluid.
Film.
Roll laminators typically use two rolls to complete the lamination process, with one roll being on top and the other roll on the bottom. These rolls slide onto metal bars, known as mandrels, which are then placed in the machine and feed through it. In the United States, the most common core size found on lamination film is one inch (25- to 27-inch-wide film). Larger format laminators use a larger core, often 2 to 3 inches in diameter. Film is usually available in 1.5, 3, 5, 7 and 10 mil thicknesses. The higher the number, the thicker the film. A mil is one thousandth of an inch (.001"). 
Printers or print finishers often use industrial heated roll laminators to laminate such things as paperback book covers, magazine covers, posters, cards and postcards, in-shop displays as well as other applications.

</doc>
<doc id="18368914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368914" title="Dan O'Neill (writer)">
Dan O'Neill (writer)

Dan O'Neill is an Alaskan journalist and writer. Born in San Francisco, California in 1950, Dan O'Neill came to Alaska in the 1970s. Settling in Fairbanks, he did a variety of things, such as dog mushing, working as a laborer, conducting oral history interviews, and as a journalist producing radio and video productions on historical topics. Now a full-time writer, he is the author of three Alaskan themed books. From 1991-1993 he worked for the Oral History Program at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, doing project interviews about the Yukon-Charley Rivers National Preserve and the Gates of the Arctic National Park, digitized at Project Jukebox. He was an opinion columnist for the "Fairbanks Daily News-Miner" from 1998–2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18368917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368917" title="Ahja">
Ahja

Ahja is a small borough ("") in Ahja Parish, Põlva County in southeastern Estonia. Named after the Ahja River, it is located 191  km  southeast of Tallinn and about 16  km  north of Põlva.
Ahja manor.
The earliest references to Ahja estate () are from 1553. It belonged to the Oxenstierna family in the 17th century but was later taken over by the Swedish state through one of the so-called reductions. 
In 1716, it was given to Christina Glück, the widow of Johann Ernst Glück, in whose family the future Catherine I of Russia grew up. The present two-storey, Baroque style building with a pavilion-shaped main entrance dates from the period of ownership of François Guillemot de Villebois, who was the son-in-law of Christina Glück. The building was completed around 1749, probably built by master builders from St. Petersburg. 
In 1770, Jakob Michael Reinhold Lenz became for two years the manager of the estate. Later, it belonged to various Baltic German families. One of these was the von Brasch, who built a burial chapel, still standing, for their family members in the manor park.

</doc>
<doc id="18368924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368924" title="Prado (disambiguation)">
Prado (disambiguation)

Prado (Portuguese, Galician, Spanish and Italian for 'grassy field, meadow') may refer to:
Population centers.
listed by country:
Streets.
listed by country:

</doc>
<doc id="18368940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368940" title="Abe Motozane">
Abe Motozane


</doc>
<doc id="18368969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368969" title="Edward L. Widmer">
Edward L. Widmer

Edward (Ted) Ladd Widmer (born 1963) is a historian, writer, and librarian, who served as a speechwriter in the later days of the Clinton White House.
His parents were Eric G. Widmer and Ellen B. Widmer. As of 1992, his father was working as Dean of Admissions and financial aid at Brown University, and his mother was an Associate Professor of Asian Languages and Literatures at Wesleyan University. Ted Widmer obtained an A.B. in the history and literature of France and the United States, an A.M. in history, and a Ph.D. in the history of American civilization from Harvard University. In 1992 he married Mary Frederica Rhinelander, a printmaker and figurative artist. Widmer was appointed lecturer on history and literature at Harvard University from 1993 until 1997. He then spent a few years working with Bill Clinton, both during and after Clinton's presidency. He wrote foreign policy speeches, and subsequently was the senior advisor to the president for special projects, advising on history and scholarship related issues. He conducted interviews with Clinton while Clinton was writing his autobiography.
He was the first director of the C.V. Starr Center for the Study of the American Experience and an associate professor of history at Washington College from 2001. On July 1, 2006 he was appointed director and librarian of the John Carter Brown Library at Brown University.
From 1995 until 1997 he played guitar and vocals in a Boston hard rock band, the Upper Crust.

</doc>
<doc id="18368970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368970" title="Nifekalant">
Nifekalant

Nifekalant (INN) is a class III antiarrhythmic agent approved in Japan for the treatment of arrhythmias and ventricular tachycardia. It has the brand name Shinbit.

</doc>
<doc id="18368985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368985" title="Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel">
Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel

The Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel is a funeral home currently on Madison Avenue at 81st Street in Manhattan. Founded in 1898 as Frank E. Campbell Burial and Cremation Company, the company is now owned by Service Corporation International.
Notable funerals.
The business "has a long history of protecting the privacy of the rich and famous and their loved ones."

</doc>
<doc id="18368989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368989" title="Television criticism">
Television criticism

Television criticism is the act of writing or speaking about television programming with a view to evaluating its worth, meaning and other aspects.
Such criticism can be found in daily newspapers, on culture discussion shows (on TV and radio), and in specialist books and periodicals, all of which are in direct competition for audience from television.
Where television criticism appears.
Since television is so accessible to so many people, most newspapers carry TV listings and these are often accompanied by criticism even just to the extent of recommending a particular programme or programmes from that day's selection of viewing.
Television will often provide a forum for criticising itself. In the United Kingdom, "The Review Show" on BBC Four hosts a monthly discussion on the arts with a television series often featuring. Also in the UK is "Charlie Brooker's Screenwipe" which takes an incisive though humorous look at current television.
Due to its nature of episodic review, it was hard for TV criticism to really take off before the internet age. Now TV critics have the luxury of covering a weekly television show nearly instantaneously via a website.

</doc>
<doc id="18368992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18368992" title="Käärdi">
Käärdi

Käärdi is a small borough ("") in Rõngu Parish, Tartu County in eastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18369002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369002" title="Ryan Guillen">
Ryan Guillen

Ryan Guillen (born October 27, 1977) is the Texas State Representative for House District 31, which includes Starr, Atascosa, Duval, Brooks, Jim Hogg, Kenedy, La Salle, Live Oak, McMullen and Willacy counties. A Democrat and native of Starr County, Guillen was first elected in 2002. 
Representative Ryan Guillen (D) serves House District 31 in the Texas Legislature. Beginning in 2003 with the 78th Session, he has served for five consecutive regular sessions and eight special sessions in the House of Representatives. Representative Guillen and his wife Dalinda were raised in Rio Grande City where they attended public school. He completed his education with a B.S. degree from Texas A&M University in College Station. His family includes many generations of teachers and ranchers, traditions that he continues.
Early life and career.
Ryan Guillen was born in College Station, Texas, where his parents attended college. While he was still an infant, his family moved back to their home town of Rio Grande City. Guillen was raised in Starr County where he went to school with his future wife, Dalinda. They attended public and private schools in Rio Grande City and later both graduated from Texas A&M University. Guillen was a rancher, educator, and small businessman in Starr County when he was elected to the Texas legislature. Guillen and his wife welcomed their first daughter, Cinco Demi Guillen, in 2010, and their second daughter, Viva Bonita Guillen, this past April.
Texas State Legislature.
Representative Guillen took office in January 2003, following his election in 2002. He has been reelected four times. He is currently serving his fifth consecutive term in the Texas Legislature, including five regular sessions and eight special sessions. During this time he has served on several committees.
During the 78th Legislative Session, Guillen served on the Select Election Contests Committee, the Land and Resource Management Committee, the Select Public School Finance Committee, and the Regulated Industries Committee.
In the 79th Legislative Session, Guillen served on the Appropriations Committee, which constructs the state's budget. He also served as a member of the Appropriations Select Committee on Education, the Select Committee on Election Contests, and served as Budget and Oversight Chair of the Financial Institutions Committee. 
In the 80th Legislative Session, Guillen served as Vice Chair of the Appropriations Committee, the Natural Resources Committee and the Calendars Committee which chooses the bills that will be heard for debate. He also served on the Select Committee on Higher and Public Education Finance. 
In the 81st Legislative Session, Guillen served on the Border and Intergovernmental Affairs Committee, the Oversight of Windstorm Insurance Committee, the Transportation Committee and the Select Committee on Transportation Funding. 
In the 82nd Legislative session, Guillen served as Chairman of the Committee on Culture, Recreation and Tourism. He also served as a member of the Public Education Committee, the Oversight of Windstorm Insurance Committee, and the Select Election Contest Committee.
In January 2014 Texas Right to life has rated Rep Guillen a 71 percent Pro Life up from 48 percent in 2011 [http://www.texasrighttolife.com/txlegislator/Ryan-Guillen/UCIZHBLZMB21], "Texas Right to Life", 2014 </ref>
Legislative Achievements.
During the 80th Legislature, Guillen favored the expansion of the Texas Children's Health Plan (CHIP), which provides affordable quality health coverage for children. He helped pass the expansion of CHIP to include funding for vision, dental, mental and home health, and hospice services. Guillen also helped pass a bill that allows for the issuance of up to $500 million in general obligation bonds for student loans, more than doubling the previous allowance.
During the 81st Legislative Session, he filed and passed legislation creating a drainage district to protect Starr County residents from flood waters. He favored the expansion of CHIP funding for vision, dental, mental and home health, and hospice services. 
In the 82nd Legislature, despite steep budget cuts Guillen successfully filed and passed more bills than any other Representative in the Texas House. He fought against cuts to education funding and passed bills improving public safety and government efficiency.
The threat of violence from across the border has always been a concern for Representative Guillen. He worked to pass the $110 million Border Security measure and represents the Texas House of Representatives as a member of the Border Legislative Conference. The conference brings together legislators from ten U.S. and Mexico border states to address environmental issues, resolve problems, and leverage economic opportunities for the hard-working families on both sides of the border.
Representative Guillen was instrumental in providing $13 million and adding 181 new employees to the Texas Veterans Commission for veteran job training. Another bill he supported exempted veterans of conflicts related to the September 11, 2001 World Trade Center attacks from paying tuition for state universities. 
Guillen believes student potential is dependent on family, community, and teachers; therefore the representative filed a bill for the fiscal security of the teacher retirement fund and supported higher teacher salaries. Guillen has also worked toward allowing community colleges to offer four-year degrees and "reach out" to high school students in need of career and technical training.
Session Achievements.
82nd SESSION.
Representative Guillen worked on and/or was an Author of successful legislation that provided:
"Families"
• A relative or other person who agrees to accept a child in their home through a parental child safety placement agreement has the authority to perform all necessary tasks to care for the child.
"Health Care"
• Safety and efficiency to citizens using regional medical transportation services and nonemergency transportation services under the medical transportation program.
• An early detection plan for prevention, early screening, diagnosis, and management of chronic kidney disease.
"Education"
• A tool that public state libraries can use to combat budget cuts, allowing them to establish and publicize an Adopt-a-Library program to encourage investment in and donations to local libraries.
"Public Safety"
• Extended rights to citizens to protect themselves by carrying a weapon in a watercraft.
"Public Assistance"
• An easing of the impact of fines and court costs on low-income individuals by allowing them to make installment payments on those fines and costs.
• A statewide community-based navigator program to assist individuals applying for certain public assistance benefits online through TIERS or any other electronic eligibility system. 
"Emergency Services"
• The same protections to tow truck operators on Texas highways as other emergency providers.
• Effective communication between diverse emergency responding agencies, through a statewide uniform manner of communication, which would allow them to be more effective when disasters such as hurricanes or tornadoes strike.
• Search and rescue operations by the game wardens for victims of water-related accidents, as well as the assistance of state military forces with such operations.
"Transportation"
•Safe and effective operations of the transit district's transportation system by authorizing the governing body of a rural transit district to create, adopt, and maintain such standards.
81st SESSION.
Representative Guillen worked on and/or was an Author of successful legislation that provided:
"Families"
• Lower property taxes for homeowners who live near commercial zones, the authority local governments need to connect utilities to homes, financial assistance for plumbing and water/sewer utility hook-ups, and windstorm insurance funding for a $2.5 billion storm.
• $3 Billion investment in education, $265 million for financial aid, grants and scholarships to ROTC students and students in high demand industry job training, the resources to develop drop-out recovery programs and better equipped libraries for colleges, the eligibility to receive millions in technology equipment for Head Start's, the ability to use textbook money for technology in public schools, more course flexibility in high school, more funding for Career & Tech courses in schools, grant opportunities for more health care in schools, excused absences for student visits to universities, a sales tax holiday for school supplies, and more adult basic education services to South Texans.
• $5 Billion investment in healthcare including $450 million in bonds for cancer treatment research, immediate medical service to mothers and newborns, faster delivery of diabetic testing supplies and improved diagnosis, and therefore treatment of kidney disease through more stringent reporting.
• A hiring preference at state agencies for transitioning foster care children.
"Small Business Owners"
• Tax cuts and more flexibility in paying their taxes following a disaster.
"Victims of Domestic Violence/Trafficking"
• Increased criminal penalties for violators, protection for victims through the removal of the divorce waiting period and of residential lease liability, created a fund for domestic violence shelters, funding for victims to obtain medical forensic exams and a task force, and grant program to protect and provide services to victims of trafficking.
"Seniors"
• Increased criminal penalties and restrictions to protect seniors from credit/debit card abuse, forgery, fraud, obstruction, and retaliation.
"The Disabled"
• Half a billion dollar investment in services, a vehicle sales tax exemption, and an Autism Spectrum Disorders Resource Program to provide aid to Texans with autism.
"Veterans"
• A homestead tax exemption, parking privileges on all vehicles and a discount on license plates for disabled veterans, college credit for physical training, Pre-K for step-children, and in-state tuition for the families of all veterans.
• The option to partner with the VA to create a Veterans Hospital in South Texas.
"Farmers & Ranchers"
• Increased funding for fever tick eradication, flood control dam repairs, wildfire protection, tax exemptions for more Ag machinery and parts, increased penalties for cattle theft, incentives for the production of methane fuel, more veterinarians in rural/underserved areas through a loan repayment program, and improved protections of private property rights.
"Educators"
• An $800 pay raise, a $500 bonus for retirees, and guaranteed health insurance coverage of pre-existing conditions.
"Health Professionals"
• $50 million in financial aid and educational programs to address the shortage of nurses, more doctors in underserved areas through a physician loan repayment program, and better work environment protections for nurses.
"State Employees"
• An $800 bonus for state employees.
"First Responders"
• Health insurance options for survivors of officers killed in the line of duty, increased penalties for evading arrest, paid leave for appearing as witnesses in criminal/civil proceedings, paid tuition for relevant courses, and legislative leave for law enforcement officers and fire fighters.
80th SESSION.
Representative Guillen worked on and/or was an Author of successful legislation that provided:
"Education"
• $523 million for educator pay raises, $635 million for retiree bonus checks.
• $268 million to help build schools, $33 million for school technology equipment, and $2 million for library grants.
• $50 million for drop-out prevention, $146 million for student financial aid, end-of-course exams to replace the TAKS test, Texas Tomorrow Fund II to help families pay for college.
"Health & Human Services"
• $2.9 Billion to insure more families through Medicaid, $1 Billion to insure more kids through CHIP, and $150 Million for family dental treatment service vans.
• $3 Billion for cancer research.
"Transportation"
• If the Transportation Committee adopts rules that the owner of a vehicle must prove ownership or right of possession through an affidavit to the operator of a vehicle storage facility, the operator of the facility shall provide notary public service during business hours.
"Public Safety"
• $40 million for overtime pay for border area law enforcement, $17 million for vehicles/equipment for border area law enforcement, $23 million to hire 100 new border area DPS officers, $17 million for more border area helicopters, $7 million to build border area command centers, $1 million to hire 5 more border area Texas Rangers, and a 10% DPS pay raise.
• Address confidentiality program for victims of domestic violence and unemployment compensation eligibility for victims of domestic violence.
• Home loan program for correctional officers.
"Agriculture & Natural Resources"
• $182 Million to upgrade Texas parks and provide local park grants, $1.5 million to help food banks buy fresh produce from local farmers, and $3 million to hire fifteen new border Game Wardens.
• Tax cuts for tick quarantined land owners and $300 thousand for fever tick eradication research.
"Economic Development"
• $14 Billion property tax cut for Texas property owners, 4% pay raise for state employees, and a minimum wage increase.
• $250 Million for water/sewer infrastructure grants, $16 million for colonia paving grants, two-year moratorium on toll roads, $170 million to help low-income families pay their electric bills, and $5 million to help low-income families build/repair their homes.
• Passport option on Texas drivers license and tax exemption of one vehicle per individual.
"Veterans Affairs"
• Paid college education for children of fallen/disabled veterans/volunteer peace officers, exemption of government/hunting/fishing/concealed handgun license fees for veterans, and $13 million for veteran’s assistance services.
79th SESSION.
Representative Guillen worked on and/or was an Author of successful legislation that provided:
"Public Health"
• Restores mental health services, vision and dental benefits, and home health and hospice services for CHIP recipients to 2003 levels, and expands Medicaid to cover mental health prescription drugs.
• Creates the Duval and Starr Counties Groundwater Conservation Districts.
• Ensures managed care organizations create special disease management programs that will provide diagnosis and treatment for chronic kidney disease.
"Education"
• Allotted $25 million to the Instructional Facilities Allotment for new school construction grants and provides contracts for computer related educational materials.
• Allows governing boards of colleges and universities to permit students to pay tuition for a summer term in installments.
"Public Safety"
• Provided criminal penalties for the illegal use of traffic-control preemption devices, criminal penalties for providing contraband to inmates, prohibits people from using cell phones whiles operating busses, prohibits individual under 18 from operating a vehicle between midnight and 5a.m.
• Established a program to provide low-interest home loans to fire fighters and law enforcement officers.
"Low-Income Aid and Relief"
• Established a statewide system for identifying colonias and creates a system that monitors the progress of state-funded public health projects.
"Economic Development"
• Set maximum amount of a late charge or reinstatement fee under a rental-purchase agreement and increased funding for UT Austin's Bureau of Economic Geology.
"Family Values"
• Allowed a tenant to terminate his or her lease when he or she is subjected to family violence committed in the dwelling.
"Military and Veterans"
• Allowed for a tenant to terminate his or her lease if the person enters military service or is currently in the military and must permanently relocate or go on assignment, exempts veterans who have participated in the wars following 9/11 from the payment of all charges due to attending colleges, and provided $13 million in funds and 181 jobs to the Texas Veterans' Commission.
"State Employees"
• Increased the salaries of state employees by 4% for 2006 and 3% for 2007.
"Cultural"
• Designated Pan de Campo the official state bread of Texas.
78th SESSION.
Representative Guillen worked on and/or was an Author of successful legislation that provided:
"County"
• Granted Zapata County basic ordinance making power and allowed for a Duval County associate judge.
• Created a hotel tax that will promote tourism and allows counties to repair cattle guards on county roads.
"Economic Development"
• Allowed local municipalities to adopt an ad valorem tax limitation on homesteads of the elderly and spouses, limited the school taxes paid by disabled homeowners, and set aside funds for roadway development of certain colonias.
• Prohibited an insurer from holding any ownership interest in a repair facility and requires an insurer that holds ownership to divest itself of its interest.
"Education"
• $500 to teachers and $1000 to administrators for teachers insurance, allowed the Texas Workforce Commission to consult with national teacher pilot programs and submit status reports to the governor, and allowed for the reimbursement of teachers who are using personal funds to supply classrooms.
"Military and Veterans"
• Ensured employment preferences to veterans.
"Public Health"
• Provided training to anyone who wants to start a Diabetes self-help group and requires nurses to receive annual training in caring for people with dementia.
• Created the Kenedy Groundwater Conservation District.
"Public Safety"
• Option for Zapata county to decide if it wants to pay its sheriff's deputies more money and allows the Texas Department of Public Safety to negotiate CHL reciprocity agreements.
• Requires the Governor to develop a statewide homeland security strategy, created the Critical Infrastructure Protection Council, and created the Texas Infrastructure Protection Communications Center.
Committee Assignments.
Representative Guillen has been on several important House committees throughout his political career. He was appointed Vice Chairman of the Appropriations Committee in his second term. He has served on the following committees throughout the 78th, 79th, 80th and 81st Legislatures.
"78th Session"
• Election Contests, Select
• Land and Resource Management
• Public School Finance, Select
• Regulated Industries
"79th Session"
• Appropriations
• Education, Select
• Election Contests, Select
• Financial Institutions (Budget and Oversight Chair)
"80th Session"
• Appropriations (Vice Chairman)
• Natural Resources
• Calendars
• Higher and Public Education Finance, Select
"81st Session"
• Border and Intergovernmental Affairs
• Oversight of Windstorm Insurance
• Transportation
• Transportation, Select
"82nd Session"
• Culture, Recreation and Tourism (Chair)
• Public Education
• Oversight of Windstorm Insurance
• Election Contest, Select
Election History.
General Election 2010: HD 31
General Election 2008: HD 31
General Election 2006: HD 31
General Election 2004: HD 31
General Election 2002: HD 31
Democratic Primary Runoff Election 2002: HD 31
Democratic Primary Election 2002: HD 31

</doc>
<doc id="18369017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369017" title="Robert Kotick">
Robert Kotick

Robert A. Kotick (born 1963) also known as Bobby Kotick, is the CEO, president, and a director of Activision Blizzard. On February 16, 2012 he was elected a director of The Coca-Cola Company, a job he now performs in conjunction with his role at Activision Blizzard.
Early career.
Kotick began his career in 1983 while he was still in college at the University of Michigan, when he began creating software for the Apple II with financial backing from Steve Wynn. Kotick credits Steve Jobs for advising him to drop out of college to pursue his entrepreneurial interests in the software business.
In 1987, he tried to acquire Commodore International. He planned to remove the keyboard and disk drive from the Amiga 500 and turn it into the first 16 bit video game system. He was unsuccessful in persuading Commodore's then Chairman Irving Gould to sell control of the company. He subsequently purchased a controlling stake in Leisure Concepts, Nintendo's licensing agent, which was renamed 4Kids Entertainment.
Kotick and his partner Brian Kelly bought a 25% stake in Activision in December 1990, and became CEO in February 1991. Kotick also served as a founder of International Consumer Technologies and president from 1986 to January 1995. In 1995, International Consumer Technologies became a wholly owned subsidiary of Activision.
Kotick was also a Yahoo! board member from March 2003 to August 2008, and is currently a board member for the Center for Early Education, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, and the Tony Hawk Foundation.
Work with Activision Blizzard.
At Activision, Kotick set out to build "an institutional quality, well managed company with a focus on the independent developer." In a June 14, 2010 interview with gaming blog Kotaku, Kotick stated, "…art of the whole philosophy of Activision was whether you're owned outright or not, if you're a studio you have control of your destiny, you could make decisions about who to hire, flexibility on what products to make, how to make them, schedules appropriate to make them, budgets."
Kotick engineered the Activision Blizzard merge, and stockholders of Activision Blizzard approved Kotick as CEO of the combined company on July 9, 2008. In 2009, as reported by Forbes magazine, Robert Kotick received approximately $3.2 million USD in salary, benefits, options and incentives for his work with Activision Blizzard, of which $953,654 was his actual salary. By 2013, Kotick was the second highest compensated CEO in the United States, earning $64.9 million USD, mostly in stock.
Kotick has used Activision Blizzard's industry position to push partners for changes that he maintains would benefit the gaming community. In July 2009, Kotick threatened to stop making games for the PlayStation 3 platform if Sony did not cut the price of the console. Kotick also urged the British government to reward Activision for continuing to invest in the country's pool of game developers by providing Activision with the same kinds of tax incentives provided by Canada, Singapore and eastern bloc countries. Kotick has launched an Independent Games Competition with $500,000 in total available prize money for small developers working with new platforms and has stated that "keeping passion in game development is something that's important to him."
In October 2009, under Kotick’s direction, Activision Blizzard launched Call of Duty Endowment, a non-profit public benefit corporation, which helps soldiers transition to civilian careers after their military service, with a commitment to create thousands of jobs for veterans including those returning from the Middle East. Kotick recruited an advisory board composed of veterans representing the various service branches.
Controversy.
Kotick has at times been a controversial figure in the gaming community. In part this can be attributed to advocating a business strategy focused on only developing intellectual property which can be, in his words, "exploited" over a long period, to the exclusion of new titles which cannot guarantee sequels. In responding to why Activision Blizzard chose not to publish certain games following the Activision/Blizzard merger, he stated that focusing on franchises that "have the potential to be exploited every year on every platform with clear sequel potential and have the potential to become $100 million franchises" has "worked very well for Activision Blizzard". Kotick described this business strategy as "narrow and deep" or "annualizable" and cited it as key to attracting development talent who may not be drawn to "speculative franchises".
Kotick also created a stir when commenting on Activision Blizzard's peripheral-driven franchises. During Activision Blizzard's Q2 2009 financial results conference, Kotick was challenged over his "comfort level" around high prices attached to "new games that have some expensive controllers" and said, "if it was left to me, I would raise the prices even further." While Spong took the comment at face value, Gamesindustry.biz thought the comment was a joke, but could be seen as "insensitive at a time when consumers are likely to be feeling the economic pinch".
A frequent complaint from the gaming press is the gap between Kotick and Activision's chief consumers. Ars Technica editor Ben Kuchera wrote, "Kotick doesn't play his games, and it shows." Video game developer Tim Schafer called Kotick a "total prick" in reference to his negative attitude towards games. However, gaming blog Kotaku reported that Kotick confessed to a passion for video games that "has never really gone away," and "rattle off an impressive list of consoles he's owned in the past and games he loved."
Personal life.
A native of Long Island, New York, Kotick resides in California with his family. He divorced his wife in late 2012. He had a cameo role in the 2011 film "Moneyball".

</doc>
<doc id="18369019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369019" title="The Mosaic Parish in Karlskrona">
The Mosaic Parish in Karlskrona

History.
Jews were not allowed to reside in Sweden prior to 1779 and when, in the reign of Gustav III, the first Jews from Swedish Pomerania were encouraged to come in order to stimulate trade in the reign of Gustav III, the Parliamentary Constitutional Committee ("Konstitutionsutskottet") sent off to the German states of Saxony and Prussia for copies of the codices regulating protected Jews ("German: schutzjude Swedish: skyddsjude pl. skyddsjudar") and drew up a Swedish version: Regulations for Jews: "Juderegelementet" where similar restrictions and disabilities were imposed on Jews as in the German states. Among these was a disability concerning residence that was to be restricted to three towns only: Stockholm, the capital city; Gothenburg the busiest naval and trading port and the largest market town: Norrköping.
Other provisions in the "Juderegelemente" were that Jews were not permitted to intermarry with Christians, to work with or trade in gold (because of pressure from Guilds) may not sell food other Jews, but not to Christians, may not convert Christians and because previous laws had prohibited Jews who were itinerant peddlars had banished them from the country along with gypsies and circus folk "tight rope walkers and sellers of barometers" only rich Jews were admitted who had to possess capital of a minimum of two thousand riksdalers. These Jews were probited from enabling poor Jews to obtain residence.
Foundation.
The Mosaic Parish in Karlskrona, "", was founded in 1785 by the Jewish merchant and factory owner Fabian Philip. He arrived in Karlskrona in 1780 via Stockholm from his native town of Bützow in Germany. (Pages 224ff "Judarnas historia i Sverige" by Hugo Valentin 1924)
Fabian Philip lived in Karlskrona, the principal naval base, Sweden's second largest city. He made an offer to
Henric af Trolle, Admiral of the Fleet to build a sail cloth mill to undercut the price of sails the navy bought in Gothenburg.
Trolle liked the proposition and presented it to the king Gustav III, who gave his permission for the Jew Fabian Philip to reside in Karlskrona even though the "Juderegelemente" did not permit it. Henric af Trolle died in 1784 and the merchants in Karlskrona tried to get rid of the mill called Fabian Philip by writing to the king, but af Trolle's successor, Fleet Admiral Carl August Ehrensvärd, were of the same opinion as his late predecessor. 
From 1785 thanks to that Fabian Philip had fulfilled his agreement with the Navy and founded and built the sail factory in Karlskrona, more exactly in Lyckeby 10 kilometers north of the city, there were a public exception for Fabian Philip and his family to stay in Karlskrona from Comercial Colleges statement of where Jews were allowed to stay in Sweden. (Pages 9ff Familjen har aldrig assimilerats, den har alltid varit en del av Karlskrona' - Det karlskronitiska samhället och dess invånare av judisk härkomst 1779-1945 - en annan assimilationshistoria" (Bachelor thesis, Theological Institution at University of Lund))
The Mosaic Parish of Karlskrona was the fourth Jewish parish in Sweden after three first approved settlement cities. The first name of the parish was the Jewish parish, but when the Jews living in Sweden were made Swedish citizens of the Mosaic faith, they were not considered as Jews by the Government any more, all the Jewish parishes in Sweden were renamed Mosaic Parishes. 1951 when it was made allowed in Sweden by law to be unorganised according to faith, most Mosaic Parishes in Sweden was by own will renamed Jewish Parishes, but not the parish in Karlskrona, which kept the old name of the Mosaic Parish in Karlskrona. (Pages 49ff "Mosaiska församlingen i Karlskrona under senare delen av 1800-talet - en församling i förändring")
Future.
In the year of 1994 it was decided that the Mosaic Parish in Karlskrona should not be closed but placed in a mode of resting, though the members had become old and it was hard gather a Minyan. But when the day comes and there are Jews enough to gather a Minyan and there's a will of obtaining a Parish, the Mosaic Parish of Karlskrona can be brought back from its state of resting.
Literature.
Svensson, Harry R:son. 2001. "Mosaiska församlingen i Karlskrona under senare delen av 1800-talet - en församling i förändring". Master thesus, Blekinge Institute of Technology. Karlskrona.
Svensson, Harry R:son. 2007. Familjen har aldrig assimilerats, den har alltid varit en del av Karlskrona' - Det karlskronitiska samhället och dess invånare av judisk härkomst 1779-1945 - en annan assimilationshistoria". Bachelor thesus, Theological Institution at University of Lund. Lund.
Valentin, Hugo. 1924. "Judarnas historia i Sverige". Stockholm.

</doc>
<doc id="18369071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369071" title="Twelver">
Twelver

Twelver or Imami Shīa Islam (, Athnā'ashariyyah or Ithnā'ashariyyah; , ) is the largest branch of Shī'ī (Shi'a) Islam. Adherents of Twelver Shī'ism are commonly referred to as "Twelvers", which is derived from their belief in twelve divinely ordained leaders, known as the Twelve Imāms, and their belief that the Mahdi will be the returned Twelfth Imam who disappeared and is believed by Twelvers to be in occultation. A majority of Shī'a Muslims are Twelvers. The term "Shi'a Muslim" may also be used to refer to Zaydis and Ismailis.
Twelvers share many tenets of Shī'ism with related sects, such as the belief in Imāms, but the Ismā'īlī and Zaydī Shī'ī sects each believe in a different number of Imāms and, for the most part, a different path of succession regarding the Imāmate. They also differ in the role and overall definition of an Imām.
People of the Twelver faith form a majority in Iran, Iraq, Azerbaijan and Bahrain, and form a plurality in Lebanon. Alevis in Turkey and Albania, and Alawis in Syria, also believe in the twelve Imams of the Twelver faith. People of the Twelver faith also live in India, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Kuwait, Qatar, UAE and Saudi Arabia. Smaller minorities of Twelver also exist in Oman, Yemen and Egypt and in many other countries, including Uzbekistan, Europe and the Americas.
Alternative names.
The Twelvers are also known by other names, each connoting some aspect of the faith.
Overview.
Twelvers believe that the descendants of the Islamic prophet Muhammad through his daughter Fatimah and his son-in-law 'Alī are the best source of knowledge about the Qur'an and Islam, the most trusted carriers and protectors of Muḥammad's "Sunnah" (traditions) and the most worthy of emulation.
In particular, Twelvers recognize the succession of 'Alī, Muḥammad's cousin, son-in-law, the male head of the Ahl al-Bayt or "people of the [Prophet's] house" and the father of Muḥammad's only bloodline, as opposed to that of the caliphate recognized by Sunni Muslims. Twelvers also believe that 'Alī should have been successor to Muḥammad.
Although 'Alī is widely accepted by Muslims in general to be the fourth successor to the Caliphate after Uthman, for the Shī'ah, however, he is the first divinely sanctioned "Imām," or divinely appointed spiritual leader after the Prophet Muḥammad. The seminal event in Shī'ah history is the martyrdom in 680 CE of 'Alī's son Husayn, who led an uprising against the, illegitimate to them, caliph. For the Shī'ah, Husayn came to symbolize resistance to tyranny.
Regardless of the dispute about the Caliphate, Twelvers recognize the religious authority of the Twelve Imams, also called "Khalīfah Ilāhi."
Theology.
Sharī'ah: Religious law.
The Ja'farī derive their Sharia, or religious law, from the Qur'an and the "Sunnah". The difference between Sunni and Shīʻa Sharia results from a Shīʻa belief that Muhammad assigned ʻAlī to be the first ruler and the leader after him (the "Khalifa" or steward). Moreover, according to Shīʻa, an Imam or a Caliph can not be democratically elected and has to be nominated by God. Sunnis believe that their Caliphs were popular and had greater vote so they were made caliphs. This difference resulted in the Shīʻa:
Main doctrines.
Twelvers believe in the Five Pillars of Islam, as do Sunnis, but categorize them differently. Twelver beliefs include the following:
Principles of Faith ("Usūl al-Dīn")
Ancillaries of the Faith ("Furū' al-Dīn")
The concept of Imams.
The Twelve Imams are the spiritual and political successors to Muhammad, in the Twelver or "Ithna Ashariya" branch of Shia Islam. According to the theology of Twelvers, the successor of Muhammad is an infallible human individual who not only rules over the community with justice, but also is able to keep and interpret the Sharia and its esoteric meaning. The prophet and imams' words and deeds are a guide and model for the community to follow; as a result, they must be free from error and sin, and must be chosen by divine decree, or "nass", through Muhammad.
It is believed in Shi'a Islam that 'Aql, a divine wisdom, was the source of the souls of the prophets and imams and gave them esoteric knowledge, called Hikmah, and that their sufferings were a means of divine grace to their devotees. Although the Imam was not the recipient of a divine revelation, but has close relationship with God, through which God guides him, and the imam in turn guides the people. The Imamat, or belief in the divine guide is a fundamental belief in Shi'i Islam and is based on the concept that God would not leave humanity without access to divine guidance.
According to Twelvers, there is always an Imam of the Age, who is the divinely appointed authority on all matters of faith and law in the Muslim community. Ali was the first Imam of this line, and in the Twelvers' view, the rightful successor to the Prophet of Islam, followed by male descendants of Muhammad(also known as Hasnain's) through his daughter Fatimah. Each Imam was the son of the previous Imam, with the exception of Husayn ibn Ali, who was the brother of Hasan ibn Ali. The twelfth and final Imam is Muhammad al-Mahdi, who is believed by the Twelvers to be currently alive, and in hiding.
List of Imams.
The Shi'a Imams are seen as infallible. It is an important aspect of Shia theology that they are not prophets ("nabi") nor messengers ("rasul"), but instead carry out Muhammad's message. While Sunni Muslims view all religions and groups that accept prophets or messengers after Muhammad to be heathen or heretical, Shi'a Muslims do consider the Imams to be higher in rank than all the prophets and messengers except Muhammad.
The role of Imam al-Mahdi.
In Twelver eschatology, Muhammad ibn Hasan ibn ʻAlī, or al-Mahdi (مهدي transliteration: Mahdī, also Mehdi, "Guided One"), is the twelfth Imam and the Mahdi, the ultimate savior of mankind and prophesied redeemer of Islam. Twelvers believe that the Mahdi has been hidden by God (referred to as The Occultation) and will later emerge to change the world into a perfect and just Islamic society alongside Jesus (Isa) before the "Yaum al-Qiyamah" (literally "Day of the Resurrection" or "Day of the Standing").
Other Shi'a schools, such as Zaidi, Ismaili and Bohra, adhere to different Imam successions and do not consider Muhammad ibn Hasan the Mahdi as Imam.
Comparative jurisprudence: Twelver–Sunni.
"(This list is not exhaustive nor representative of the Sunni/Shia dispute on religious jurisprudence)"
Shahada: Declaration of faith.
In usage the occurrences of "ʾašhadu ʾan" "I testify that" are very often omitted.
Another rendering current among some English-speaking Muslims, but without a historical tradition, is "(I bear witness that) there is none worthy of worship except God, and (I testify that) Muhammad is the messenger of God." This version relies on a translation of (ilah) as being "worthy of worship", something which is correctly said in Arabic but does not translate well into English syntax.
Twelvers, along with Sunnis, agree that a single honest recitation of the shahādah in Arabic is all that is required for a person to become a Muslim according to most traditional schools.
A vast majority of Twelvers often add "ʻAlīyun waliyu l-Lāh" (علي ولي الله "Ali is the vicegerent of God") at the end of the Shahādah. This testifies that ʻAlī is also the Leader of the Believers along with God and Muhammad, proof of which Shi'a theologians find in the Qur'an.
Though this form of the Shahādah is recited daily by other Shīʻa sects such as the Nizari Ismailis, Twelvers view it as "Mustahabb" (recommended), but not "Wajib" (obligatory).
Prayer.
There are minor differences between Sunnis and Twelver Shīʻa in how the prayer ritual is performed. During the purification ritual in preparation for prayer (which consists of washing the face, arms, feet, etc. and saying of some prayers), the Shīʻa view wiping the feet with wet hands as sufficient, as opposed to some of the Sunnis who consider complete washing of the feet necessary. Also, Shīʻa do not use their fingers to clean inside the ears during the ablution ritual. A prerequisite for purification is that one has to be clean before performing the purification ritual.
During prayer, it is the Jaʻfarī view that it is preferable to prostrate on earth, leaves that are not edible or wood, as these three things are considered purest by Muhammad in hadith specifically mentioning "Tayammum". Hence many Shīʻa use a "turbah", a small tablet of soil, often taken from the ground of a holy site, or wood during their daily prayers upon which they prostrate.
In the Jaʻfarī view, the hands are to be left hanging straight down the side during the standing position of the prayer, while the Sunni schools of thought (except for the majority of Malikis) hold that they should be folded. The Jaʻfarī consider the five daily prayers to be compulsory, though the Jaʻfarī consider it acceptable to pray the second and third prayer, and the fourth and fifth prayer, one after the other during the parts of the day where they believe the timings for these prayers to overlap. The other three Sunni schools allow this consolidation of daily prayers only while travelling or under some other constraint.
Khums: One-fifth tax.
Khums (خمس) is the Arabic word for one fifth (1/5). In Islamic legal terminology, it means "one-fifth of certain items which a person acquires as wealth, and which must be paid as an Islamic tax". According to Shi'a, the items eligible for khums are referred to as "Ghanima" (الْغَنيمَة) in the Quran. The Arabic word Ghanima has two meanings
The Sunni translate this word exclusively as "war booty" or "spoils of war". The Twelvers hold the view that the word "Ghanima" has two meanings as mentioned above, the second meaning is illustrated by the common use of the Islamic banking term "al-ghunm bil-ghurm" meaning "gains accompany liability for loss or risk".
Also, in a famous supplication, the supplication after the noon prayer, the person asks God to bestow on him His favors, one of those favors which the person asks is the benefit or gain from every act of righteousness, the word used here is "al-ghanima" (وَالْغَنيمَةَ مِنْ كُلِّ بِر ) this is in accordance with the second meaning of the word.
Mut'ah: Temporary marriage.
Nikāḥ al-Mut'ah, Nikah el Mut'a (, also "Nikah Mut'ah" literally, "marriage of pleasure"), or "sighah", is a fixed-time marriage which, according to the Usuli Shia schools of Shari'a (Islamic law), is a marriage with a preset duration, after which the marriage is automatically dissolved. It has many conditions that can be considered as pre-requisite, similar to that of permanent marriage. It is the second form of Islamic marriage (Nikah). However, it is regarded as "haram" (prohibited) by Sunnis. This is a highly controversial "fiqh" topic; Sunnis and Shi'a hold diametrically opposed views on its permissibility. But some of the Sunni Muslims recognizes Nikah Misyar.
Mutah existed during the time of the Prophet Muhammad, and during his time it was not prohibited. On this principle, Shias believe that anything that was allowed during the time of the Prophet should remain allowed after.
Calendar.
Twelver Shi'a, celebrate the following annual holidays:
The following holidays are observed by Twelvers Shi'as, unless otherwise noted:
Martyrdom of Imam Husayn.
The death of the grandson of Muhammad and the son of Ali, Husayn ibn Ali on the Tenth of Muharram - known as Ashura - plays a significant role in Twelver theology. This day is annually commemorated with grief and sorrow; some participate in ritual beating of their chests, as some believe this is a form of expressing the helplessness that comes from a practical inability to have helped Husayn and his small troop of 72 family and supporters. Some hit themselves as a form of emotional and love for the "ahlulbayt" and their sacrifice and martyrdom. In most nations with significant Shia populations, one can observe large crowds in processions grieving over Husayn's death. The events of Ashura tell a story of a leader fighting against an oppressive tyrant, Yazid, who seized power and had committed atrocities against the people of the empire that he had inherited.
Notable scholars.
Contemporary.
India.
"Deceased"
"Current"
Guardianship of the Jurisprudent.
Traditionally Twelver Shi'a Muslims consider 'Ali ibn Abi Talib and the subsequent further eleven Imams not only religious guides but political leaders, based on a crucial hadith where Muhammad passes on his power to command Muslims to Ali. Since the last Imam, Muhammad al-Mahdi, went into "occultation" in 939 and is not expected back until end times, this left Shi'a without religiously sanctioned governance. In contrast, the Ismaili Imams did successfully gain political power with the Fatimid Caliphate. After the fall of the Fatimid Caliphate Ismaili Shi'asm started to lean towards secular thought.
The first Shi'a regime, the Safavid dynasty in Iran, propagated the Twelver faith, made Twelver's law the law of the land, and patronized Twelver scholarship. For this, Twelver ulema "crafted a new theory of government" which held that while "not truly legitimate", the Safavid monarchy would be "blessed as the most desirable form of government during the period of awaiting" for Muhammad al-Mahdi, the twelfth imam.
In general, the Shi'a adhere to one of three approaches towards the state: either full participation in government, i.e., attempting to influence policies by becoming active in politics, or passive cooperation with it, i.e. minimal participation, or else most commonly, mere toleration of it, i.e. remaining aloof from it. Historically, Zaidi and Ismaili Shi'a imams functioned as both religious and political leaders, but later after the fall of the Fatimid Caliphate the Ismaili imamate became a secular institution. In general, Twelver Shi'a historically remained secular.
This changed with Iranian Revolution where the Twelver Ayatollah Khomeini and his supporters established a new theory of governance for the Islamic Republic of Iran. It is based on Khomeini's theory of guardianship of the Islamic jurist as rule of the Islamic jurist, and jurists as "legatees" of Muhammad.
While accept this theory, it is uniquely Twelver and the basis of the constitution of Iran, the largest Shi'a Muslim country, where the Supreme Leader must be an Islamic jurist.

</doc>
<doc id="18369085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369085" title="Augusto Stahl">
Augusto Stahl

Theóphile Auguste Stahl (Bergamo, May 23, 1828 – Alsace, October 30, 1877) or simply Augusto Stahl, as he was known in Brazil, was a German-Brazilian photographer that lived during the 19th century. Born in Bergamo, in Italy, son of a Lutheran priest, Stahl disembarked in Recife on December 31, 1853, on board the ship "Thames", of the Royal English Mail. He operated in Pernambuco until 1861, moving to Rio de Janeiro and receiving from the emperor D. Pedro II the title of "Photographo da Casa Imperial" ("Photographer of the Royal House"), on April 21, 1862. A landscaper photographer, Stahl demonstrated interest for the tropical nature. He also documented the construction of the second Brazilian railway and the visit of Dom Pedro II to Recife, in 1858. He participated in various expositions of photographies in the 1860s. Stahl is known also for portraiting the everyday life of the Black slave.

</doc>
<doc id="18369091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369091" title="The Coleshill School">
The Coleshill School

The Coleshill School is a school with academy status in Coleshill, Warwickshire, England, founded in 1520.
Admissions.
It is a mixed secondary school of about 1,000 pupils. In September 2004, The Coleshill School obtained its "Maths and Computing College" status, which has been incorporated in some variations of its name. This new status has enabled increased funding for the school in order to develop its mathematics and ICT facilities.
History.
The academy was formerly Coleshill Grammar School.
Facilities.
Notable facilities within the school include:
Sixth Form.
As well as catering for pupils aged 11–16 for secondary education, The Coleshill School also operates a successful sixth form centre, where it recruits mainly from its Year 11 school leavers; but also from other local schools in the area. Both A-level and BTEC qualifications are offered.
The Coleshill School has its own centre dedicated to sixth formers. It consists of several class-rooms, a large computer room and a sixth form common room.
The sixth form is an integral part of the school, and it is often seen as the school's best feature. In a 2006 Ofsted report, it was noted that ""The effectiveness and efficiency of the sixth form are good with some outstanding features, such as the contribution the students make to the life of the school"."
Such contributions include the Anti-bullying Committee (ABC) which involves itself with the prevention and treatment of bullying. There are also in-school employment opportunities for sixth formers. Currently, a number of students are in paid part-time employment as midday supervisors. Website developers and cleaners are also some of the other employment opportunities available to sixth formers. It is therefore evident that sixth formers do indeed make a contribution "to the life of the school".
However, the education league tables of UK colleges indicates that sixth formers from The Coleshill School achieve, on average, fewer academic points than other schools both locally and nationally. In the Warwickshire area, The Coleshill School ranks 18th out of 26 schools with regard to A-level performance.
Staffing and teaching.
The 2006 Ofsted report indicates both positive and negative results with regards to teaching. Teaching is described as "satisfactory", with elaboration given as ""There is a significant amount of good teaching,
"but a few lessons are unsatisfactory"".
On 14 April 2009, it was announced that Headteacher Kate Kearney would step down from Headteacher position at the end of the 2009 spring term. This is reported to be so that she can seek a fresh career challenge, and it has been stated that Kate Kearney believes the decision to be "in the best interests of the school". The announcement came days after regulator Ofsted announced the decision to place the school in Special Measures.
2009 implementation of Special Measures.
After a recent Ofsted inspection in March 2009, its report indicated that it is the opinion of Her Majesty's Chief Inspector that this school requires Special Measures because it is failing to give its pupils an acceptable standard of education. There are four stated areas of improvement that Ofsted has noted; these are:
The full report will be available from the Ofsted website from 21 April 2009 onwards.
On Friday 16 July 2010, it was announced through the school website that the school was out of special measures. The report is available from the school website.
Extra-curricular activities.
The opportunities for extra-curricular activities are encouraged by the school, and this is reflected in the recent events undertaken by pupils and students.
Within the last two years, school visits have been made to France, Spain, Poland, Italy and Namibia.
As well as these visits abroad, the school also offers more numerous trips and acitivites within the country. These include sports, choir, drama, dance, skiing trips, and residential visits.
Notable extra-curricular pupil recognition.
There have been numerous instances where pupils and students from The Coleshill School have performed well in extra-curricular activities. These include:
Academic performance.
As of 2012, academic achievement at GCSE level was well above average.

</doc>
<doc id="18369095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369095" title="Roiu">
Roiu

Roiu is a small borough ("") in Haaslava Parish, Tartu County in eastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18369102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369102" title="Ohrid–Debar Uprising">
Ohrid–Debar Uprising

The Ohrid–Debar uprising (; ; ) was an uprising in Western Macedonia, then Kingdom of Serbia, in September 1913. It was organized by the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO) and by local Albanian leaders against the Serbian capture of the regions of Ohrid, Debar and Struga after the Balkan Wars.
The rebellion started only two months after the end of the Second Balkan War. Local Albanians and Bulgarians, led by Petar Chaulev, Milan Matov and Pavel Hristov expelled the Serbian army and officials, creating a front line 15 km east of Ohrid. A local administration was set up in Ohrid under the leadership of Lev Ognenov.
After a fortnight of fierce fighting, a Serbian army of 100,000 regulars suppressed the uprising. Thousands were killed, and tens of thousands of local inhabitants fled for Bulgaria and Albania to save their lives. According to the Report by the International Commission of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace the number of Albanians who took refuge from Macedonia was 25,000; many Bulgarian notables were imprisoned or shot, a number of villages were burned.

</doc>
<doc id="18369105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369105" title="L.F.M. Memorial Academy">
L.F.M. Memorial Academy

L.F.M. (Lawrence Franklin Mather) Memorial Academy was a private Christian academy located in Miramichi, New Brunswick. It began in September 1999, under the name "Ridgeway North Private Christian School".

</doc>
<doc id="18369107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369107" title="KCNV1">
KCNV1

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily V member 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNV1" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18369109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369109" title="KCNV2">
KCNV2

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily V member 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNV2" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18369112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369112" title="KCNS1">
KCNS1

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily S member 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNS1" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18369115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369115" title="KCNS2">
KCNS2

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily S member 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNS2" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18369133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369133" title="Monrose discography">
Monrose discography

German pop trio Monrose was formed in November 2006 after winning the fifth installment of ProSieben talent show "Popstars". Their discography includes four studio albums and eleven singles.
In December 2006, the band released their debut single "Shame," which reached number-one in Austria, Germany and Switzerland. It was certified tripe gold in Germany and became the ninth best-selling single of 2007 in Germany. The group's debut album "Temptation" was released a week later, topping the charts in Austria, Germany and Switzerland, and was subsequently certified double platinum in Germany for more than 400,000 units shipped. The albums spawned one more single, "Even Heaven Cries", which peaked at number six in Germany.
Their second album "Strictly Physical" was released in September 2007 and reached number two in Germany. It was certified gold in Germany and Austria. "Strictly Physical" produced three top ten singles, including their second number-one single "Hot Summer" which was also certified gold in Germany and Austria, and became the fifteenth best-selling single of 2007 in Germany.
The group's third studio album "I Am" was released in October 2008 throughout German-speaking Europe followed by a fourth studio album, entitled "Ladylike", in June 2010. Latter became the band's lowest-charting effort; it reached number ten on the German Albums Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18369139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369139" title="Melliste">
Melliste

Melliste is a settlement in Mäksa Parish, Tartu County in eastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18369141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369141" title="Network of Hispanic Communicators">
Network of Hispanic Communicators

The Dallas/Fort Worth Network of Hispanic Communicators or Hispanic Communicators - DFW is an organization composed of working print and broadcast journalists, public relations professionals and members of the media community. The organization was founded in 1981 and has been influential in the shaping of the National Association of Hispanic Journalists and other journalism organizations in North Texas. 
The nonprofit, non-partisan organization serves as a professional support and advocacy association for professional communicators in the DFW area. NHC is affiliated with the National Association of Hispanic Journalists and is now an official DFW chapter of the organization.
The mission of the organization is to nurture -- through mentoring and scholarships -- young Hispanics interested in entering the field of communications. The group also strives to further the employment and career opportunities of Hispanics in the news media, and provide a forum for issues important to the Hispanic community.

</doc>
<doc id="18369146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369146" title="Idabel High School">
Idabel High School

Idabel High School is high school located in Idabel, Oklahoma, which is in McCurtain County in the southeastern corner of the state. 
The school offers courses in English, mathematics, social studies and history, physical education and agriculture education. It received a B under the state's A-F grading system in 2012.
Curriculum and academics.
Oklahoma state law requires all public schools to offer courses to teach the necessary basic skills of learning and communication (reading, English, writing, the use of numbers and science) and social studies (United States Constitution and government, Oklahoma history and government and a course on other countries of the world)
Additionally, high schools must provide a physical education course designed to provide a minimum of 150 minutes of physical education per week, unless provided an exemption by the Oklahoma State Department of Education due to undue hardship.
Due to agriculture's importance in Oklahoma, Idabel High School, like many Oklahoma schools offers agriculture education.
Idabel High School received a B grade under the state's new A-F grading system in 2012. The overall district received a C.
According to Publicschoolreview.com, the high school has a graduation rate of 81 percent.
Sports and traditions.
The school track teams have won a total of 22 state championships, with the boys team winning 17 and the girls team winning 5. Most recently, the boys team won the 1995 state championship. The girls most recent win was in 2006.
The boys basketball team of took home the state championship in 2005.
Idabel students have also earned recognition in golf. Lacey Jones won the women's 4A state championships in 2001-2004.
Zac Myers won the boys 4A golf state championship in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18369147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369147" title="Renate Riemeck">
Renate Riemeck

Renate Riemeck (October 4, 1920 in Breslau – May 12, 2003 in Alsbach-Hähnlein) was an historian and energetic peace activist who became known as former foster parent of the terrorist Ulrike Meinhof.
As a young woman she joined the "Christian Community" ("Christengemeinschaft") an anthroposophical denomination founded by a group of evangelical theologians in Switzerland in 1922, and which was banned in Germany in 1941. In 1941 she became a member of the Nazi Party. After the war she was among the millions who relocated away from the center and east of Germany, moving to Oldenburg where she worked in teacher training, herself authoring one of the first democratic school text books of the period. In 1946 she joined the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). In 1960 she was among the founders of the German Peace Union (DFU).
In the early 1940s, while living at Jena, Riemeck befriended the newly widowed Dr Ingeborg Meinhof, moving in with the Meinhof family as a lodger. After the war, with Jena in the Soviet occupation zone, the Meinhofs moved with her to Oldenburg where, following Ingeborg Meinhof’s death from cancer in 1949, Riemeck formally became guardian to her friend’s two orphaned children one of whom, Ulrike Meinhof, would subsequently gain notoriety as a leading member of the terrorist Baader-Meinhof Gang.
Sources and Further Reading.
Renate Riemeck: "Ich bin ein Mensch für mich. Aus einem unbequemen Leben." Stuttgart : Urachhaus, 2. Aufl. 1994. ISBN 3-87838-934-5

</doc>
<doc id="18369155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369155" title="USS Pontiac (YT-20)">
USS Pontiac (YT-20)

USS "Pontiac" (YT-20) was a harbor tugboat purchased by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was assigned to the New York harbor area and performed her towing tasks there until war’s end. Post-war she was found to be excess to needs and sold.
Built in Athens, New York.
The second ship to be so named by the U.S. Navy, "Pontiac" was laid down as "Right Arm" in 1891 by Peter McGishan, Athens, New York; purchased by the Navy from Merritt & Chapman 23 April 1898; renamed "Pontiac" 23 April.
"Pontiac" served in harbors along the north Atlantic Ocean coast of the United States. She operated in yards such as New York, New York; Boston, Massachusetts; New London, Connecticut; and, Charleston, South Carolina.
World War I service.
"Pontiac" commissioned 1 July 1911. During World War I, she concentrated efforts at New York City, a major center for domestic and foreign commerce. She was renamed "Passaic" 11 April 1918. 
Post-war decommissioning.
Continuing harbor and district tug operations after the war, she decommissioned and was placed on the sale list in 1921. She was sold to John Kantzler & Sons, Bay City, Michigan, 25 February 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="18369157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369157" title="Armand Mauss">
Armand Mauss

Armand Lind Mauss (born June 5, 1928) is an American sociologist specializing in the sociology of religion. He is professor emeritus of Sociology and Religious Studies at Washington State University, is the most often published sociologist in the twentieth century of works on the Mormons, and is broadly recognized as one of the leading Mormon intellectuals of his generation.
Academic work.
Mauss joined the Washington State University faculty of sociology in 1969, formally retiring there in 1999. During his career, he taught and published in several different fields of sociology and social problems, but his work in the sociology of religion was ultimately the most visible. He has enjoyed invitations as a visiting professor to several universities in California, Canada, and the United Kingdom. In 2004, he was invited as a visiting scholar to the School of Religion at the Claremont Graduate University in California, where he taught courses on the history and sociology of the Mormons and helped to develop the Council for the Study of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and the Howard W. Hunter Chair in Mormon Studies , first occupied by Richard L. Bushman. 
Author or editor of five books and scores of academic articles, Mauss also served as editor of the "Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion", the major journal in its field. He has received three different awards from the Mormon History Association for his books and other works, and two from the Dialogue Foundation for his articles in "Dialogue: A Journal of Mormon Thought", the major scholarly journal in Mormon Studies, independent of Church auspices. Mauss had a formative influence on the rise and survival of "Dialogue", serving 20 years on its editorial or advisory boards, and then ten years as either chairman or member of the Dialogue Foundation's Board of Directors. Mauss also served as president of the Mormon History Association from 1997–1998.
Biography.
Mauss was born on June 5, 1928, in Salt Lake City, Utah and grew up in California, graduating from Oakland High School in 1946. A lifelong Mormon, he served a full-time, two-year mission as a youth for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in New England, and throughout his life in many other lay ecclesiastical roles. In 1949, he accompanied his family to Japan where his father was sent to preside over the work of the Church in east Asia. In 1954 Mauss graduated from Sophia University of Tokyo, a distinguished Jesuit institution, with a B.A. in History and Asian Studies. While in Japan, he was also inducted into the U.S. Air Force, serving four years in military intelligence. During that period he was married to Ruth E. Hathaway. They eventually became parents of six sons and two daughters. After returning to California, Mauss earned his M. A. degree in 1957 (history, with an emphasis on Asia) and in 1970 his Ph.D. in sociology, both at the University of California, Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="18369158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369158" title="Doctor Who News Page">
Doctor Who News Page

Doctor Who News is an independent source of news about the BBC Television programme "Doctor Who", and its spin-off series "Torchwood" and "The Sarah Jane Adventures".
The site, which was part of Outpost Gallifrey before its closure, is one of the most popular sites featuring Doctor Who news and has been cited as a source by websites such as TV Squad and io9.</ref> The Doctor Who News Page is produced by a team of reporters and editors, and is affiliated with the Gallifrey Base "Doctor Who" discussion forum. In 2011, the Doctor Who News Page won "SFX" magazine's "SFX Blog Award", in the category of "Best SF News Blog".
The site is linked to This Week in Doctor Who, a compendium of "Doctor Who" and "Doctor Who"-related broadcasts worldwide, originally compiled by Benjamin F Elliott from 1998 to 2011, and Doctor Who in the Media, which gathers links to news stories and other Doctor Who-related media coverage.

</doc>
<doc id="18369175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369175" title="Aste, Estonia">
Aste, Estonia

Aste is a borough in Kaarma Parish, near Kuressaare, Saare County in western Estonia. It was the site of the Soviet Asta airbase.

</doc>
<doc id="18369195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369195" title="Charlie Pritchard">
Charlie Pritchard

Captain Charlie Pritchard (1882–1916) was a Welsh international rugby union player. He was a member of the winning Welsh team who beat the 1905 touring All Blacks. He played club rugby for Newport RFC and county rugby for Monmouthshire.
Rugby career.
Pritchard joined Newport in 1901, and on 25 January played his first senior game, facing Swansea. He spent his entire rugby career with Newport and during the 1905/06 season was made vice-captain; but after the captain Wyatt Gould was unable to fulfil his duties, Pritchard acted as stand-in captain. The next season he was given the captaincy, a role he held for three consecutive seasons.
International career.
Pritchard made his debut for Wales against Ireland in 1904, while playing club rugby for Newport. Pritchard would play in a further 13 internationals including the game against the famous 1905 All Black touring team. Although all the Welsh players on the day played their part in the victory over the New Zealanders, Pritchard was commended for his all out defensive play and continual heavy tackling against the All Blacks. He was seen as the star of the Welsh pack and was 'always in the thick of the fight'; fellow Welsh international George Travers would sum up Pritchard's aggressive play against the All Blacks as 'He knocked 'em down like nine pins.'
Pritchard would score his only international try in a 16-3 win against England in a home nations match on 13 January 1906. After a serious injury in 1908 he returned to the Welsh side in the 1909/10 season and played his final game against England in 1910.
International games played.
Wales
Military service and death.
During World War I Pritchard joined the South Wales Borderers and in June 1916 he was transferred to the Western Front as a captain in the 12th Battalion. On 13 August 1916 he was involved in manoeuvers to capture prisoners from German trenches. Although the raid was successful in its objective Pritchard was seriously wounded and brought to No 1. Casualty Clearing Station. His last reported words were to ask if they had got the "Hun", and when told they had, he replied 'Well, I have done my bit.' Pritchard died of his wounds the next day without leaving the Station.

</doc>
<doc id="18369212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369212" title="Puttable bond">
Puttable bond

Puttable bond (put bond, putable or retractable bond) is a bond with an embedded put option. The holder of the puttable bond has the right, but not the obligation, to demand early repayment of the principal. The put option is exercisable on one or more specified dates.
This type of bond protects investors: if interest rates rise after bond purchase, the future value of coupon payments will become less valuable. Therefore, investors sell bonds back to the issuer and may lend proceeds elsewhere at a higher rate. Bondholders are ready to pay for such protection by accepting a lower yield relative to that of a straight bond.
Of course, if an issuer has a severe liquidity crisis, it may be incapable of paying for the bonds when the investors wish. The investors also cannot sell back the bond at "any" time, but at specified dates. However, they would still be ahead of holders of non-puttable bonds, who may have no more right than 'timely payment of interest and principal' (which could perhaps be many years to get all their money back).
The price behaviour of puttable bonds is the opposite of that of a callable bond. Since call option and put option are not mutually exclusive, a bond may have both options embedded.
Pricing.
Price of puttable bond = Price of straight bond + Price of put option

</doc>
<doc id="18369222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369222" title="Pas de Peyrol">
Pas de Peyrol

Pas de Peyrol (el. 1,589 m) is a mountain pass located in Auvergne, France, and is the highest road pass in the Massif Central. The pass is on the slopes of Puy Mary (1,787 m) and is situated at the junction of three roads: 
Tour de France.
The pass is regularly used on the Tour de France, most recently on stage 9 of the 2011 tour. The pass was first used in the 1959 Tour de France, on the 231 km stage 14 from Aurillac to Clermont Ferrand, with Louis Bergaud first across the summit. In the 2004 tour, the pass was used on stage 10 from Limoges to Saint-Flour, approaching from the Salers direction which includes a final three kilometres at an average of 12% and a maximum gradient of 15%, with Richard Virenque first over the summit.
Appearances in the Tour de France.
The Tour de France has crossed the summit 9 times since 1947, including on stage 9 of the 2011 tour. The 10th stage was selected for the 2004 L'Étape du Tour, in which amateur and club riders ride over a full stage of the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18369224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369224" title="Testicular disease">
Testicular disease

Testicular diseases can be classified as endocrine disorders or as a disorders of the reproductive system.
The testicles are well-known to be very sensitive to impact and injury. Blue balls is a slang term for a temporary fluid congestion in the testicles and prostate region caused by prolonged sexual arousal.
The most prominent diseases of testicles are:
The removal of one or both testicles is termed:
Testicular prostheses are available to mimic the appearance and feel of one or both testicles, when absent as from injury or as treatment for gender identity disorder. There have also been some instances of their implanting in dogs 
Other testicular issues:

</doc>
<doc id="18369226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369226" title="Ronald Sterlington">
Ronald Sterlington

Ronald Sterlington was an American bodybuilder who won awards in the 1950s and 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="18369228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369228" title="Robert Bork Supreme Court nomination">
Robert Bork Supreme Court nomination

The Robert Bork Supreme Court nomination refers to the 1987 nomination by President Ronald Reagan of Judge Robert Bork to serve as an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court. The U.S. Senate rejected his nomination.
Nomination.
Supreme Court Justice Lewis Powell was considered a moderate, often referred to as a "swing vote" in close decisions. Even before his expected retirement on June 27, 1987, Senate Democrats had asked liberal leaders to form "a solid phalanx" to oppose whomever President Ronald Reagan nominated to replace Powell, assuming that it would tilt the court rightward. Democrats warned Reagan there would be a fight over the nomination. 
Reagan nominated Bork for the seat on July 1, 1987. Bork had long been interested in the position; in 1973, President Nixon promised him the next seat on the Supreme Court following Bork's compliance in the controversial Saturday Night Massacre. Nixon was unable to carry out the promise after his resignation. 
Within 45 minutes of Bork's nomination to the Court, Senator Ted Kennedy (D-MA) took to the Senate floor with a strong condemnation of Bork in a nationally televised speech, declaring, 
Robert Bork's America is a land in which women would be forced into back-alley abortions, blacks would sit at segregated lunch counters, rogue police could break down citizens' doors in midnight raids, schoolchildren could not be taught about evolution, writers and artists could be censored at the whim of the Government, and the doors of the Federal courts would be shut on the fingers of millions of citizens. 
A brief was prepared for Joe Biden, head of the Senate Judiciary Committee, called the "Biden Report". Bork later said in his best-selling book "The Tempting of America" that the report "so thoroughly misrepresented a plain record that it easily qualifies as world class in the category of scurrility". TV ads narrated by Gregory Peck attacked Bork as an extremist, and Kennedy's speech successfully fueled widespread public skepticism of Bork's nomination. The rapid response of Kennedy's "Robert Bork's America" speech stunned the Reagan White House; though conservatives considered Kennedy's accusations slanderous, the attacks went unanswered for two and a half months.
A hotly contested United States Senate debate over Bork's nomination ensued, partly fueled by strong opposition by civil and women's rights groups concerned with Bork's stated desire to roll back civil rights decisions of the Warren and Burger courts, and his opposition to the right of the Federal government to impose standards of voting fairness upon the states. Bork is one of only three Supreme Court nominees to ever be opposed by the ACLU. Bork was also criticized for being an "advocate of disproportionate powers for the executive branch of Government, almost executive supremacy", as demonstrated by his role in the Saturday Night Massacre.
During debate over his nomination, Bork's video rental history was leaked to the press, which led to the enactment of the 1988 Video Privacy Protection Act. His video rental history was unremarkable, and included such harmless titles as "A Day at the Races", "Ruthless People", and "The Man Who Knew Too Much". The list of rentals was originally printed by Washington D.C.'s "City Paper".
To pro-choice legal groups, Bork's originalist views and his belief that the Constitution does not contain a general "right to privacy" were viewed as a clear signal that, should he become a Justice on the Supreme Court, he would vote to reverse the Court's 1973 decision in "Roe v. Wade". These groups also claimed that Bork's second marriage to a former Roman Catholic nun would allow her to influence his decisions on the abortion issue. Mary Ellen Bork is now known as a "New Feminist" activist. Accordingly, a large number of left-wing groups mobilized to press for Bork's rejection, and the resulting 1987 Senate confirmation hearings became an intensely partisan battle. Ironically Bork himself became a Catholic in 2003, and his replacement (Justice Kennedy) was a Catholic (as well as 4 of the next 6 Justices to join the court including Thomas who returned to the faith of his boyhood thanks to Justice Scalia). Bork was faulted for his bluntness before the committee, including his criticism of the reasoning underlying "Roe v. Wade". Simultaneously, however, his supporters expressed frustration that some of Bork's most controversial and conservative views, including those on the scope of the First Amendment and the Equal Protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, as expressed in his writings and past opinions, had been suddenly moderated for his testimony before the Committee.
As Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Joe Biden presided over Bork's hearing. Biden stated his opposition to Bork soon after the nomination, reversing an approval in an interview of a hypothetical Bork nomination he had made the previous year and angering conservatives who thought he could not conduct the hearings dispassionately. At the close, Biden won praise for conducting the proceedings fairly and with good humor and courage, as his 1988 presidential campaign collapsed in the middle of the hearings. Rejecting some of the arguments that other Bork opponents were making, Biden framed his discussion around the belief that the U.S. Constitution provides rights to liberty and privacy that extend beyond those explicitly enumerated in the text, and that Bork's strong originalism was ideologically incompatible with that view.
Confirmation vote.
On October 6, Bork's nomination was rejected in the committee by a 9–5 vote. Since a committee rejection made a rejection by the full (Democratic) Senate extremely likely, Bork was widely expected to concede defeat and withdraw his name from a floor consideration. However, three days later, Bork announced his belief that 
There should be a full debate and a final Senate decision. In deciding on this course, I harbor no illusions. But a crucial principle is at stake. That principle is the way we select the men and women who guard the liberties of all the American people. That should not be done through public campaigns of distortion. If I withdraw now, that campaign would be seen as a success, and it would be mounted against future nominees. For the sake of the Federal judiciary and the American people, that must not happen. The deliberative process must be restored.
Faced with certain defeat, Bork's political support fell silent; Bork would even express disappointment with Reagan's tepid continued endorsement. On October 23, 1987, the Senate rejected Bork's confirmation, with 42 Senators voting in favor and 58 voting against. Senators David Boren (D-OK) and Ernest Hollings (D-SC) voted in favor, with Senators John Chafee (R-RI), Bob Packwood (R-OR), Arlen Specter (R-PA), Robert Stafford (R-VT), John Warner (R-VA) and Lowell P. Weicker, Jr. (R-CT) all voting nay. The vacant seat on the court to which Bork was nominated eventually went to Judge Anthony Kennedy.
The history of Bork's disputed nomination is still a lightning rod in the contentious debate over the limits of the "Advice and Consent of the Senate" that Article Two of the United States Constitution requires for judicial nominees of the President.
Bork, unhappy with his treatment in the nomination process, resigned his appellate-court judgeship in 1988.
"Bork" as a verb.
William Safire of "The New York Times" attributes "possibly" the first use of 'Bork' as a verb to "The Atlanta Journal-Constitution" of August 20, 1987. Safire defines "to bork" by reference "to the way Democrats savaged Ronald Reagan's nominee, the Appeals Court judge Robert H. Bork, the year before." This definition stems from the history of the fight over Bork's nomination. Bork was widely lauded for his competence, but reviled for his political philosophy. In March 2002, the word was added to the "Oxford English Dictionary" under "Bork"; its definition extends beyond judicial nominees, stating that people who Bork others "usually so with the aim of preventing person's appointment to public office."
Perhaps the best known use of the verb "to bork" occurred in July 1991 at a conference of the National Organization for Women in New York City. Feminist Florynce Kennedy addressed the conference on the importance of defeating the nomination of Clarence Thomas to the U.S. Supreme Court. She said, "We're going to "bork" him. We're going to kill him politically. . . . This little creep, where did he come from?" Thomas was subsequently confirmed after a contentious confirmation hearing.
24 years after Bork's nomination was rejected, in 2011, New York Times columnist Joe Nocera claimed that "Bork fight, in some ways, was the beginning of the end of civil discourse in politics... The anger between Democrats and Republicans, the unwillingness to work together, the profound mistrust — the line from Bork to today’s ugly politics is a straight one." Nocera cited Democratic activist Ann Lewis who acknowledged that if Bork's nomination "were carried out as an internal Senate debate we would have deep and thoughtful discussions about the Constitution, and then we would lose."

</doc>
<doc id="18369249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369249" title="Lohkva">
Lohkva

Lohkva is a settlement in Luunja Parish, Tartu County in eastern Estonia.
Poet Karl Eduard Sööt (1862–1950) was born in Lohkva.

</doc>
<doc id="18369254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369254" title="From... Another Time &amp; Place">
From... Another Time &amp; Place

From... Another Time & Place is an album by folk singer and guitarist Dave Van Ronk, released in 1995.
The Allmusic Guide review states it is not a re-issue, but the Dave Van Ronk discography states it is a re-issue of "Dave Van Ronk in Rome". The track list is the same.
Van Ronk received a Grammy nomination for "From... Another Time & Place" at the Grammy Awards of 1996 in the Traditional Folk Album category.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, critic William Ruhlman wrote of the album "Always gruff-voiced, Van Ronk in his 60th year has lost nothing and perhaps even gained a more subtle expressiveness."

</doc>
<doc id="18369271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369271" title="Ilmatsalu">
Ilmatsalu

Ilmatsalu is a small borough ("") in Tahtvere Parish, Tartu County in eastern Estonia. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 392.

</doc>
<doc id="18369306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369306" title="Awaken">
Awaken

Awaken may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18369319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369319" title="Urologic disease">
Urologic disease

Urologic disease can involve congenital or acquired dysfunction of the urinary system.
Kidney diseases are normally investigated and treated by nephrologists, while the specialty of urology deals with problems in the other organs. Gynecologists may deal with problems of incontinence in women.
Diseases of other bodily systems also have a direct effect on urogenital function. For instance, it has been shown that protein released by the kidneys in diabetes mellitus sensitises the kidney to the damaging effects of hypertension.
Diabetes also can have a direct effect on urination due to peripheral neuropathies which occur in some individuals with poorly controlled diabetics.
Kidney disease.
Renal failure is defined by functional impairment of the kidney. Renal failure can be acute or chronic, and can be further broken down into categories of pre-renal, intrinsic renal and post-renal.
Pre-renal failure refers to impairment of supply of blood to the functional nephrons including renal artery stenosis. Intrinsic renal diseases are the classic diseases of the kidney including drug toxicity and nephritis. Post-renal failure is outlet obstruction after the kidney, such as a kidney stone or prostatic bladder outlet obstruction.
Renal failure may require medication, dietary and lifestyle modification and dialysis.
Primary renal cell carcinomas as well as metastatic cancers can affect the kidney.
Non-renal urinary tract disease.
The causes of diseases of the body are common to the urinary tract. Structural and or traumatic change can lead to hemorrhage, functional blockage or inflammation. Colonisation by bacteria, protozoa or fungi can cause infection. Uncontrolled cell growth can cause neoplasia.
For example:
The term "uropathy" refers to a disease of the urinary tract, while "nephropathy" refers to a disease of the kidney.
Testing.
Biochemical blood tests determine the amount of typical markers of renal function in the blood serum, for instance serum urea and serum creatinine. Biochemistry can also be used to determine serum electrolytes. Special biochemical tests (arterial blood gas) can determine the amount of dissolved gases in the blood, indicating if pH imbalances are acute or chronic.
Urinalysis is a test that studies urine for abnormal substances such as protein or signs of infection.
Urodynamic tests evaluate the storage of urine in the bladder and the flow of urine from the bladder through the urethra. It may be performed in cases of incontinence or neurological problems affecting the urinary tract.
Ultrasound is commonly performed to investigate problems of the kidney and/or urinary tract.
Radiology: 

</doc>
<doc id="18369329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369329" title="Leonardo Martinez-Diaz">
Leonardo Martinez-Diaz

Leonardo Martinez-Diaz is Deputy Assistant Secretary for the Western Hemisphere in the United States Department of the Treasury. Previously, he served as Director of the Office of Policy in the United States Agency for International Development. 
Before entering government, he was Fellow and Deputy Director of the Global Economy and Development Program at the Brookings Institution. He also served as Deputy Director of Brookings’ Partnership for the Americas Commission, as an Economist at the International Monetary Fund, and as Director of the High-Level Commission on the Modernization of World Bank Group Governance.
Before joining Brookings, Martinez-Diaz was Research Associate with the Global Economic Governance Program at Oxford University, where he focused on the politics of banking reform in developing countries and the role of the IMF in financial crisis-management. Mr. Martinez-Diaz, a Luce Fellow in Indonesia, worked as an academic and consultant. His analysis on Indonesia was published by the Economist Intelligence Unit, Oxford Analytica, the "International Herald Tribune", and "The Economist".
Martinez-Diaz is author of "Globalizing in Hard Times: the Politics of Banking-Sector Opening in the Emerging World" (Cornell, 2009). He is co-editor with Ngaire Woods of "Networks of Influence? Developing Countries in a Networked Global Order" (Oxford, 2009), of "Brazil as an Economic Superpower? Understanding Brazil’s Changing Role in the Global Economy" with Global Economy and Development Director Lael Brainard (Brookings, 2009), and of "Studies of IMF Governance: A Compendium" with Ruben Lamdany (IMF, 2009).
Martinez-Diaz specialized in International Political Economy, receiving a M.Phil degree in 2001 and D.Phil in 2007 from Magdalen College, Oxford University, where he was a Marshall Scholar. 
He graduated with honors from Northwestern University in 1999 with degrees in Economics and Political Science and was a 1998 Truman Scholar. 

</doc>
<doc id="18369345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369345" title="Protiv pravil">
Protiv pravil

Protiv pravil (, "Against the Rules") is the fourth album by Russian singer-songwriter Dima Bilan, released by Мистерия Звука label on June 10, 2008 in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="18369360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369360" title="Vana-Võidu">
Vana-Võidu

Vana-Võidu is a settlement in Viljandi Parish, Viljandi County in southern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18369370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369370" title="2007 U.S. Women's Open Golf Championship">
2007 U.S. Women's Open Golf Championship

The 2007 U.S. Women's Open was the 62nd U.S. Women's Open, held June 28 to July 1 at the Pine Needles Lodge and Golf Club in Southern Pines, North Carolina. Cristie Kerr won the first of her two major titles, two strokes ahead of runners-up Lorena Ochoa and Angela Park.
Due to weather delays, the third round began on Saturday afternoon and was completed on Sunday morning. Kerr shot 66 (–5) to gain the 54-hole lead at 209 (–4), one stroke ahead of top-ranked Ochoa and Morgan Pressel.
Pine Needles previously hosted the championship in 1996 and 2001; it joined Atlantic City Country Club (1948, 1965, 1975) as the only courses to host three U.S. Women's Opens.
Course layout.
Source:
Scorecard.
"Final round"
"Cumulative tournament scores, relative to par"<br>
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18369371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369371" title="Thunder Force VI">
Thunder Force VI

Plot.
It is the year A.D. 2161, ten years after the artificial intelligence known as Guardian went rogue and its subsequent destruction at the hands of Cenes Crawford, the pilot from the events of "Thunder Force V". As Earth reenters an age of prosperity after the previous war with the AI, an extraterrestrial force known only as "Orn Faust" appears to start an invasion of the planet. Unfortunately, the Unified Earth Fleet is powerless under the might of the alien forces and is almost destroyed. Meanwhile, the Unified Earth government receives strange readings from its analysis report of the underground chamber on the island Babel, where Guardian was once installed. Inside, the remaining Vasteel technology which was abandoned and sealed by the government shows a startling synchronization with Orn Faust's approach.
As researchers analyze the once forbidden technology they had abandoned ten years ago, they find an alarming message embedded within the fragments. It is said that Vasteel was once "Rynex", the ultimate weapon created by the extraterrestrial power called the Galaxy Federation, used to combat the evil Orn Empire. The message also contained a warning of their impending arrival and an interstellar call for help against the Orn forces, which is trying to spread its influence of death and destruction to other parts of the universe. In addition, the storage cells within Vasteel material contains four space coordinates leading to the homeworld of the Galaxy Federation. Left with no other choice, scientists recreate the Vasteel technology into the experimental starfighter known as "Phoenix", the last hope for the human race against Orn Faust.
Gameplay.
Sega has created a 3D scrolling system for the next-gen Thunder Force VI, where the gameplay proceeds in 2D as before in previous games but scenery moves in three dimensions. There are often where the player ships executes rolls, turns or dives in the background, though gameplay is not hampered by this new addition. Each ship is equipped with five types of weapon arms and an Over Weapon, a special weapon gauge which collects energy gained by destroying Orn forces to unleash a powerful attack.
The player has a total of three ships (two must be unlocked) to select before starting the main game. Each ship has its own unique attributes that makes the best use in combat situations, though the controls are quite similar.
Each player ship has five different types of weapons to be equipped on its arms, however only 4 of the weapons (Twin Shot, Back Shot, Hunter, Free-Range) are employed by all 3 ships to be used against enemy forces. 
In addition, the ship's CRAW support units can deflect some enemy projectiles, though not all. The reliability of this feature depends on the weapons being currently used. If the CRAW support units are being utilized as part of a weapon, e.g. Back Shot, the deflection is inactive during this period.
Development.
An update first appeared on the official Tecnosoft website on January 2008, stating the title of "Thunder Force" as a registered trademark, and to let visitors know that the site is being renovated. One of the original key staff behind the previous "Thunder Force" games, K Matsuoka, held onto the IPs of the games after Tecnosoft was bought up by pachinko maker Twenty-one Company. With the announcement of "Thunder Force VI" in July, it has been revealed that Tecnosoft has licensed the new sequel to Sega to develop and publish the game. The company in turn has assigned Tetsu Okano, otherwise known as Zolge Ichizo in his pen name, whose earlier works include "Segagaga" and "", to direct "Thunder Force VI". Development apparently began on April 2007, with Okano bringing in a fresh team with lots of shooter experience to handle the project. The team then brought in Tamayo Kawamoto ("RayForce"), Go Sato ("Raiden" series) and Motoaki Furukawa ("Gradius II", "Salamander", "Gunstar Heroes") to compose the game’s soundtrack. As seen in the two trailers released thus far, the development team created a unique feel for the game, by using the tangut script, an ancient and now obsolete Chinese logographic system, for themes relating to the Galaxy Federation, with Mongolian terms used as language for the Orn Empire.
In an interview, Okano has stated that he would like to hopefully release a sequel to an as yet unknown game, if Thunder Force VI sales go well. In Okano’s blog, he has confirmed that "Thunder Force VI" is the first game that he placed under the “STG Project”, with two other projects under wraps, which depends on the game’s success. On the official "Thunder Force VI" website, the words “PROJECT S.T.G-001” can be found on the bottom right of the front page, indicating that Sega may be planning a revival of other shooting game franchises, with "Thunder Force VI" leading the charge.

</doc>
<doc id="18369377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369377" title="Vaishali (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Vaishali (Lok Sabha constituency)

Vaishali Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India. 
Assembly segments.
Vaishali Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following six Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments: 

</doc>
<doc id="18369378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369378" title="Omid Sharifinasab">
Omid Sharifinasab

Omid Sharifinasab (, born May 22, 1977) is an retired Iranian footballer and coach who last played for Sanat Naft in Iran Pro League and now is assistant coach of the club.
He played for Saipa in the 2008 AFC Champions League group stages.
Club career.
Club Career Statistics.
Last Update 13 June 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="18369388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369388" title="Papsaare">
Papsaare

Papsaare is a village in Audru Parish, Pärnu County, in southwestern Estonia. It's located just northwest of the city of Pärnu and east of Audru, the administrative centre of the municipality. The centre of Pärnu is 5 km away. Papsaare has a population of 889 (as of 1 January 2011).
Motor racing circuit Audru Ring is located on the Pärnu side of the village, beside the Sauga River.

</doc>
<doc id="18369401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369401" title="Sons of Anarchy">
Sons of Anarchy

Sons of Anarchy is an American television drama series created by Kurt Sutter about the lives of a close-knit outlaw motorcycle club operating in Charming, a fictional town in California's Central Valley. The show centers on protagonist Jackson "Jax" Teller (Charlie Hunnam), the vice president of the club, who begins questioning the club and himself.
"Sons of Anarchy" premiered on September 3, 2008, on cable network FX. The third season of the series attracted an average of 4.9 million viewers per week, making it FX's highest rated series ever, surpassing FX's other hits "The Shield", "Nip/Tuck", and "Rescue Me". The season 4 and 5 premieres ("Out" and "Sovereign", respectively), both directed by series executive producer and principal director Paris Barclay and written by series creator and executive producer Kurt Sutter (along with staff writers Brady Dahl and Roberto Patino), were the two highest-rated telecasts in FX's history.
The sixth season aired from September 10 through December 10, 2013. Those involved in the production of the series imply that creator Kurt Sutter plans a seventh and final season.
In November 2013, Kurt Sutter indicated that he was in talks with FX to make a Sons of Anarchy prequel set in the 1960s
Series overview.
Each season involves two parallel plotlines that intertwine and overlap: the first centers on the personal life of Jackson "Jax" Teller (Charlie Hunnam) and his immediate family while the second deals with SAMCRO (Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club Redwood Original). SAMCRO is involved with gun-running throughout the western United States and deals with many rival gangs and local politicians and authorities. Jax, as Vice-President and then President of the MC struggles with the dealings of SAMCRO and the legacy of his father, the founder of the MC.
Season 1 (2008).
Jax's estranged meth-addicted wife Wendy, pregnant with his child, collapses. An emergency C-section is performed and a baby boy is delivered ten weeks prematurely. Wendy names the child Abel. Jax goes to a storage unit to collect some old baby clothes. There, he discovers a "manifesto" outlining what the now-deceased founder (Jax's father) of SAMCRO hoped the club would become. This document sends Jax into a dilemma as he struggles with the direction the club is taking. Jax's mother, Gemma Teller Morrow, visits Wendy in the hospital and tells her she will kill her if she attempts to gain custody of Abel. Since Wendy took drugs during pregnancy, Gemma would see to it that the baby never calls her "Mother". A broken-hearted Wendy overdoses on the methamphetamine supplied by Gemma.
Jax's current girlfriend, Tara Knowles, receives a threatening phone call from a former boyfriend, ATF agent, Josh Kohn. Kohn comes to Charming, pretending to investigate the Sons but apparently on vacation status. He provides Tara pictures of her boyfriend in compromising situations to try to split the two. Tara reveals to Jax that Kohn has been stalking her since she broke up with him, and that she has a restraining order against him. Jax throws Kohn through a window before beating him and telling him to stay away from Tara. Kohn is arrested for breaking his restraining order, ending his career as a federal agent. Kohn returns to Tara's house and attempts to rape her, but Tara is able to grab his gun and shoots him in the stomach. Jax comes to her aid and advises Tara to let the police handle the situation. However, when Kohn calls Tara a "biker slut", Jax shoots him in the head. He takes Kohn's body to the hills and burns it. He also throws his father's memoir into the fire, but retrieves it before it burns completely.
SAMCRO's gun-assembly warehouse is torched and their guns are stolen by a rival club, the Mayans. Joaquin County Sheriff Vic Trammel (on the SAMCRO payroll) finds two dead illegal immigrants at the scene. Charming Deputy Chief Hale (not on the payroll) finds the immigrants' bodies at the burnt-out warehouse, but SAMCRO members Tig Trager and Bobby Munson remove them before the police can examine them. To solve the arms trafficking problem under the ATF's watchful eye, the Sons head out to Indian Hills, Nevada, to patch over the Devil's Tribe Motorcycle Club. While there, Clay sleeps with a girl named Cherry, who takes a liking to Half Sack. Agent Kohn follows the Sons and witnesses their shootout with the Mayans. The Sons soon become aware of Kohn's presence in Charming. Clay is arrested on charges of aiding and abetting a triple homicide after guns sold by the Sons were used in a shootout. Cherry arrives in Charming, and Gemma realizes that Clay has slept with her. Shortly afterward, Gemma assaults Cherry with a skateboard and is subsequently arrested. Opie botches a planned assassination that was a favor for the Real IRA and Bobby steps in to complete the task. However, their crime is witnessed by the victim's 17-year-old black mistress.
ATF Agent June Stahl tries to crack the club's unity by interrogating the women associated with the club: Tara, Luann Delaney, Donna Winston, and Cherry. Stahl arrests Cherry on outstanding warrants, but Charming Police Chief Wayne Unser aids Cherry in escaping. When Otto Delaney learns that Stahl is trying to use the RICO Act to bring the club down for racketeering, he violently assaults her. The young girl who witnessed Bobby commit murder provides the ATF with sketches of Bobby and Opie, who are subsequently arrested. Stahl sets up Opie to look like an informant, even though she knows it endangers his life; Tig and Clay fall for the ploy. Believing Opie has turned rat, Clay orders Tig to kill Opie without telling anyone else in the club; however, Tig accidentally kills Opie's wife Donna. Clay sets up the murder to frame the One-Niners, protecting members of the club. Feeling guilty, Deputy Hale tells Jax that Stahl set up Opie. Jax subsequently realizes that Clay organized the shooting. Tig, Happy, and Chibs Telford find the witness; Tig is about to kill her to prevent her from testifying, but Jax stops them. Jax threatens her and gives her enough money to leave California. Jax is clearly unhappy remaining under Clay's rule, as he sees Clay as immoral and taking the club from its roots.
Season 2 (2009).
White separatists called the League Of American Nationalists (LOAN) arrive in Charming. LOAN's leader and backer businessman Ethan Zobelle and Zobelle's enforcer, A.J. Weston, seek to drive the Sons of Anarchy from Charming. To send a message to SAMCRO, Zobelle has his daughter Polly lure Gemma into a trap where she is kidnapped and gang raped by Weston and two others. Fueled by SAMCRO’s role in Donna’s death, the rift between Clay and Jax continues to widen as Jax challenges most of Clay's decisions. When a LOAN car bomb nearly kills Chibs, Clay demands immediate retaliation resulting in Clay, Jax, Bobby, Tig, Juice Ortiz, and Happy being arrested by the San Joaquin sheriffs. While they are in jail, Agent Stahl returns in an attempt to get SAMCRO to rat out their IRA connections. Although they do not give up the IRA, Stahl succeeds in provoking Clay and Jax into a physical confrontation in jail before they are bailed out. The Sons learn that Zobelle's true intentions are not racially motivated; rather, he wants to do work the prison heroin trade with the Mayans. The MC is able to cause a split in LOAN by giving this information to Weston, a deeply committed racist who will not tolerate doing business with Hispanics.
From prison, Big Otto reaches out to SAMCRO, asking them to help his wife, Luann, and her pornography studio after a raid from law enforcement and intimidation from a rival pornographer, Georgie Caruso. Jax proposes that SAMCRO become partners in Luann’s porn business and offer protection to her and her performers, hoping the move will raise legitimate money for the club while they rebuild their other revenue streams. The tension between Jax and Clay reaches a breaking point when the porn studio burns down shortly after Clay announces he wanted SAMCRO out of the porn business. Jax initially believes that Clay had the place torched and announces that he is going "nomad". In order to convince Jax to stay, Gemma tells Jax and Clay about Weston's raping her, temporarily reuniting the two.
Weston is soon arrested in connection with the fire at Luann's porn studio. Later, Deputy Chief Hale arrives at Impeccable Smokes as the Sons are confronting Zobelle. In an attempt to save his and his daughter's lives, Zobelle informs the police that he is in possession of narcotics and is arrested. However, both Weston and Zobelle are released from custody after Unser learns that Zobelle is an FBI informant. Jax discovers Weston in a tattoo parlor and kills him. Meanwhile, the rest of the Sons ambush Zobelle and the Mayans, who are protecting him. The Mayans are forced to retreat as Zobelle flees on his own. Zobelle is last seen getting on a chartered plane back to Budapest, alone.
The club nearly falls apart when Tig, overcome with guilt, confesses to Opie that he murdered Donna because Agent Stahl and the ATF had made it look as though Opie had become a rat. At the same time, Chibs agrees to help Stahl take down the IRA and its head, James "Jimmy O" O'Phelan, who is in town to repair the IRA's relationship with SAMCRO. Based on information supplied by Chibs, the ATF is able to apprehend Edmond Hayes, whom they then want to use to apprehend his father, Cameron, and Jimmy O. Opie later witnesses Chibs leaving a meeting with the ATF and informs the club of what he saw but asks them to confront Chibs before acting. Chibs has doubts about becoming an informant and reveals to the club what he did. Agent Stahl continues to hold Edmond Hayes, in an attempt to lure and arrest his father. Out of loyalty to his father, Edmond attempts to kill Stahl, who shoots him when he tries to escape. Shortly afterward, Polly, who had been having an affair with Edmond, arrives at the safe house. She has been followed there by Gemma, who then confronts and shoots her. Stahl witnesses the shooting and lets Gemma escape but proceeds to frame her for Edmond's shooting. Chief Unser, after receiving a phone call from Gemma, is last seen driving in his police cruiser with her past Charming's city limits, apparently running off with her.
Falling for the frame and becoming emotionally distraught, Cameron breaks into Jax's home and stabs Half Sack before threatening Tara and kidnapping Abel. Tara was on the phone with Jax when Cameron broke in and cut them off. Jax then returns home to discover Half Sack's body and Tara tied up; she tells Jax that Cameron has taken Abel. Jax calls Clay, who returns to help track down Cameron. The Sons pursue Cameron, who makes his way to the docks, where he takes Abel and boards his boat. The season ends with the Sons' arriving just as Cameron is leaving the docks.
Season 3 (2010).
Gemma has been hiding in Rogue River, Oregon with Tig near Gemma's father, Nate (Hal Holbrook), who suffers from dementia. Gemma struggles when she takes Nate to his new assisted living home, and returns to Charming to reunite with her grandson, unaware he has been kidnapped. Father Kellan Ashby's sister, Maureen, contacts Gemma at Ashby's request and tells her Abel is safe in Belfast. Upon learning of her grandson's abduction, Gemma suffers an arrhythmia and collapses in the Teller-Morrow lot.
The club tries to close in on Cameron's trail, but find that he has liquidated his assets and fled the country. In Belfast, Cameron confesses his sins to his cousin, Father Ashby, an intermediary between Jimmy O and the True IRA Council. Ashby subsequently has Cameron killed and gives Abel up for adoption. With the help of a bounty hunter, the Sons mistakenly track Abel and Cameron to Vancouver. About to jump bail before their weapons charges hearing, SAMCRO receives an email showing Cameron dead in Belfast. After Jax consults Jimmy O, SAMCRO believes Abel remained in Vancouver when Cameron left for Belfast. Jax makes a deal with Stahl: in exchange for his mother's freedom and the downgrade of the pending weapons charges against the club, Jax will deliver Jimmy O and his IRA contacts. Stahl helps Jax uncover information on Ashby and SAMBEL and warns Jax not to kill Jimmy O. Gemma threatens to reveal Stahl's murder of Edmond unless Stahl ends her dealings with Jax. Stahl shoots her partner Agent Amy Tyler and falsely tells Internal Affairs that Agent Tyler shot Edmond and framed Gemma, admitting that Gemma was wrongfully charged.
Local real estate developer Elliott Oswald agrees to smuggle the Sons and Gemma to Belfast. On SAMCRO's arrival in Northern Ireland, Ashby tells Jax that the IRA are tired of Jimmy's profiteering ways, and suggests Jax kill him in exchange for Abel. SAMCRO plans to surprise Jimmy O on a protection run, but he is forewarned and attacks the Sons with a planted bomb that kills several SAMBEL members. SAMCRO tortures Liam until he reveals that he was privy to Jimmy O's plans, as was McGee. Jax kills Liam, and shortly afterward Clay pushes McGee from a rooftop; both are revealed to SAMBEL as traitors. Ashby tells Jax Abel's location, but suggests Jax allow him to be adopted so he will not be forced into the club life. Jax chooses to leave the child with the family, until Jimmy O kills the adoptive parents and abducts Abel, intending to exchange him for safe passage to America. Abel is returned to Jax after Ashby trades himself for the baby. With the hearing for weapons charges looming, SAMCRO returns to Charming, with the task of finding Tara.
The recently ousted and humiliated former president of the Calaveras MC, Hector Salazar abducts a pregnant Tara on her way to an abortion clinic. He informs Piney Winston that he will return Tara and her boss, Margaret Murphy, in exchange for the murder of Marcus Alvarez (leader of the Mayans) and $250,000. Tara attacks Salazar's girlfriend and negotiates Margaret's freedom. Salazar takes mayoral candidate Jacob Hale, Jr. hostage along with Tara. Hale, angry about his brother's death due to a drive-by at Half-Sack's wake, has been using Salazar for intimidation tactics against his opponent, Oswald. He also convinces the San Joaquin Sheriff's Department to soon take control of the Charming Police Department. Unser indicates to Jax the need for Salazar to be captured alive to implicate Hale and save the Charming Police Department, but during a stand-off, Jax kills Salazar.
Now in the USA, Jimmy O seeks the help of the Russian Mafia to aid his escape to South America. Jax and the Sons meet the Russians and pay $2 million for the exchange of Jimmy O. Jax tells Stahl the location of the exchange so she can intervene and arrest Jimmy, but Jimmy is moved to a different location before she can. Jax assures her that he will give her Jimmy if she reduces their prison sentence, to which she agrees. Stahl arrives at the clubhouse to arrest Jimmy and SAMCRO. Unser stops Stahl on the roadside as she transports Jimmy and warns her of an IRA threat further down the road. Her fellow agents leave to investigate, leaving her alone with Unser and Jimmy. Soon afterward, Piney, Chibs, Opie and Kozik arrive. Chibs gives Jimmy a Glasgow smile and kills him. Opie kills Stahl in a similar fashion, after reminding her that she was responsible for Donna's death. Proof of Jax's dealings with Stahl is destroyed, leaving the club with the documents provided by Stahl to reduce their sentence. The scene is set to look like the IRA is responsible. In the ATF van, Jax learns of Stahl and Jimmy's demise as the prospects following the ATF van ride past and beep a Morse code signal "A-F-F-A" ("Angels Forever, Forever Angels", a tribute to Sonny Barger, who plays Lenny the Pimp). He smiles, as do the rest of SAMCRO, revealing the club knew of Jax's plan from the beginning. Tara, meanwhile, finds and reads the letters Maureen had put in Jax's bag. In them, John Teller writes of his awareness of Gemma and Clay's closeness and his fear that they will soon murder him. The season ends with Jax rejecting his father's original vision for SAMCRO and embracing Clay's rule.
Season 4 (2011).
The imprisoned SAMCRO members leave the penitentiary after their 14-month stay and are welcomed home by Lieutenant Eli Roosevelt of the San Joaquin Sheriff's Department, the new law enforcement presence in Charming. They also discover Hale has become the mayor. U.S. Attorney Lincoln Potter seeks Lieutenant Roosevelt's help to build a RICO case against SAMCRO.
The Sons prepare to trade guns with the Russians, using the guise of Opie's wedding as a cover to avoid the law. In retaliation for an attack on Jax in prison, SAMCRO betrays the Russians and murders several of the group – including an undercover agent working with Potter. SAMCRO then begins running guns and drugs for the Galindo cartel in exchange for protection from the Russians. As a result of getting involved with the Galindo cartel, they become embroiled in a struggle between the cartel and their rivals, the Lobos Sonora cartel. Several Sons die as a result, including Kozik.
On the eve of Opie's wedding to Lyla, Jax proposes to Tara, who accepts when Jax explains that he plans to leave the club. Gemma and Clay discover Tara's awareness of Maureen's notes and JT's manifesto. Gemma warns Piney against digging up the past with Tara. Piney confirms that Clay had Jax's father murdered to stop him from ending the gun running arrangement with the IRA. Unser and Gemma are also complicit in that they either knew and/or covered up the "accident". Jax confronts Piney about his relationship with Clay, confirming once more that he will not follow in his father's footsteps. Feeling cornered by Piney's threat to show the letters to the club, Clay kills Piney and implicates the Lobos Sonora for the killing. Clay also asks Galindo member Romeo for help to kill Tara, resulting in injuries to Tara. Horrified by what Clay has done, Gemma confronts him and threatens to tell the truth, ending in a fight with Clay injured and Gemma beaten. Gemma calls Unser and tells him that Clay is beyond salvation and as such "he will die by the hands of a Son." Seeing Gemma's beaten face, Tig resigns as Sergeant-At-Arms. Finding his father dead, Opie confronts Unser, who tells Opie the truth about Clay. Gemma tells Tara the truth about Clay and convinces her to give Gemma the letters so she can exchange them for Tara's safety. Removing the letters that implicate her and Unser in the death of John Teller, she gives the remaining letters to Jax and urges him to kill Clay. Tara urges Jax to make it look like an accident and advises him to get out of Charming after killing Clay, to which he agrees. After cremating Piney, Opie rushes to the clubhouse and shoots Clay, but Jax prevents him from killing him. Tig hears a cover story that the Niners were behind Clay getting shot and heads out for revenge; in trying to kill Laroy, he runs over Laroy's girlfriend.
Big Otto strikes a deal with Lincoln Potter for information; among the benefits, Original Nine Lenny the Pimp is allowed visitations in exchange for criminal information. The club kills Georgie for being involved in Luanne's death and Bobby heads out to inform Otto that Georgie has been finally killed. Arriving after Otto's deal, he is escorted to an empty receiving room to wait for Otto. As Lincoln Potter is ready to move on his RICO operation, he's called off by Romero Parada and Luis Torres, who are revealed to be CIA agents, whom the government allows to run their cartel so as long as they bring others down for political reasons. Following the halt on the RICO operation, Lincoln Potter gives Roosevelt a clean record for Juice, seemingly parting ways. Potter bursts into the meeting for Charming Heights, revealing the true colors of Jacob Hale's investors, whom Hale masked as Tokyo Fund but are actually the Natsuki Family, who are heavily involved in sex deals, including pedophilia. This puts a recess on the vote.
Deputy Chief Cane reveals that Laroy's girlfriend, whom Tig killed, is the daughter of Damon Pope, the most powerful gangster in Oakland. Jax meets with Opie and confirms his suspicions, but warns Opie they need Clay alive (not revealing all details of the CIA's threat), and asks him to be his Vice President. Opie, still distrustful, does not give a clear answer. Jax returns home to Tara and tells her the truth about the CIA-backed cartel dealings and that he must remain as club president while she leaves with the boys. Jax appears at the chapel and announces himself as President, with his first act to name Chibs as his new Sergeant-at-Arms, which Chibs gladly accepts. Happy, Tig and Juice enter the chapel, with Juice finally free of his African-American record. The meeting starts at 8:03 pm with Opie's not showing (it is unknown if he later does). Tara enters the chapel, claiming to Jax that she will also remain in Charming, just as Gemma enters. Tara stands behind Jax in his President seat, mirroring a photo of Gemma and John Teller in the same positions.
Season 5 (2012).
In retaliation for the death of Veronica Pope, the Niners attack SAMCRO and ambush a cargo shipment. The growing conflict between the Niners and SAMCRO, along with several home invasions targeting people linked to the Club, force Jax to meet with Damon Pope. On his end, Pope orders the Niners to stop any attacks on SAMCRO, and has Laroy and his immediate successor both executed. Pope eventually captures Tig and burns his daughter alive in front of him, threatening the other daughter to keep him in line. Pope pays witnesses to have Jax, Chibs, and Tig arrested for the murder of Veronica and a Niner. Clay asks Opie to protect Jax in prison, prompting Opie to get himself arrested. In prison, Pope informs Jax that Tig is to stay in prison; Opie sacrifices himself for Jax and is murdered in prison. In exchange for getting Tig out of jail, Jax has him promise never to vote against Jax again. Jax arranges a deal with Pope to check on the home invasions, and to get Tig out of jail. Pope agrees, but demands of Jax to deliver Tig for execution after he has served his purpose. SAMCRO also goes after the prison guard that set up the murder of Opie. Jax sets a meeting with Pope and through a calculated plan has Tig secured in an abandoned garage. As Pope orders Tig tied up and prepares to execute him, Jax uses Clay's silenced pistol to kill Pope's henchmen. Jax then frees Tig and helps him take revenge on Pope, shooting him in the head and pinning the crime on Clay. Jax contacts Roosevelt and has Clay easily arrested after Gemma gives a false statement against him. Jax then meets with August and has Clay equally framed, so that August can place a bounty on Clay, who is seen sitting along black inmates.
Jax grows closer to Nero as he slowly begins to serve as a model for the "big picture" and "getting out" after accompanying him to check on their son that requires special equipment. Jax marries Tara that day, before being arrested. A wider rift develops in Gemma's relationship with Tara, as Tara refuses to allow her any more control over her family, reinforced by Jax after Opie's murder. Nero tries to help Gemma and Jax reconcile, resulting in Jax giving her the chance to take care of Abel and Thomas. However, because she had gotten high with Unser earlier in the day, Gemma falls asleep behind the wheel with the boys on board, causing an accident that almost kills the two boys. Clay lies and tells Jax that a party attacked Gemma that night. After Jax learns the truth of Gemma's accident from Nero, Tara forbids her having any contact with the boys. However, Jax sees an opportunity and makes a deal with Gemma; if she can be with Clay and find proof of his involvement with the home invasions, she will have access to the boys again. Gemma agrees to the deal. The invaders are later revealed to be the new Nomad club members, hired by Clay to put pressure on Jax and make him step down as president. Knowing now that the Nomads can be linked to him, Clay double-crosses them and has two of them executed in Unser's garage. The sole survivor, Frankie Diamonds, hires black men to attack Jax the night Gemma has her car crash. Jax finds Frankie taking Nero and Lyla hostage, and confesses about Clay's involvement but flees with Chibs and Nero's money. Clay locates and manages to kill Frankie before the Nomad can tell the rest of the club about his role in the break-ins.
Tara attempts to visit Otto several times, in order to convince him to reverse his statement and shut down the RICO case Romeo has over the club. Although he recants, Otto murders a nurse with a cross which belonged to Luann that Tara brought to him, making Tara an accessory to murder. When Otto is about to give his statement, he severs his own tongue, destroying the RICO case and any link to Tara with the murder case. After the murder of the nurse by Otto, Tara is visited by Lee Toric, the nurse's brother and a former US Marshal, who questions her about her involvement in the nurse's death. As Tara's right hand begins to heal, she makes preparations to make Wendy the legal guardian of Abel and Thomas in case something happened to her and Jax, as she can't trust Gemma. That night, Jax has a conversation with Tara about Wendy becoming a guardian for their sons. Gemma threatens to link Tara to the cross and the murder of the nurse if Tara leaves with the boys for Oregon. Wendy, furious once she hears about Abel's kidnapping, threatens to report everything that happened to Abel. Jax assaults Wendy and injects her with drugs, and says he'll demand a drug test on her, if she "hurts his family again." Although Jax initially refuses, Tara tries to convince Jax to leave to Oregon with her, out of fear that if they remain in Charming, they will become like Gemma and Clay. Before they can finish, Roosevelt appears at their home and has Tara arrested for her involvement in the nurse's murder.
Juice reveals to Clay the truth of his betrayal and the RICO case. Jax learns from Roosevelt that Juice had betrayed them, and eventually the two of them talk with Juice, who confesses everything he did, as well as how Frankie revealed to Juice that Clay that was behind the home invasions. Jax makes a deal with Juice that, if he can find the documents that prove Clay's involvement, Jax will not reveal Juice's betrayal to the club, and he'll remain a member. Reluctantly, he agrees.Clay finds out the truth about RICO and tries to secure himself protection with Romeo, warning him that Jax will try to destroy their leverage. Romeo suggests Clay returns as President by removing Jax, but he refuses and instead tries to convince Jax. However Jax does not yield and attempts to secure a relationship between Romeo and Henry Lin in order for the Chinese to secure weapons to the cartel. When Juice finds the documents and is about to show to the club the proof at Clay's home, Jax is kidnapped by the cartel, which buys Clay enough time to secure the documents. Jax has Romeo agree to his plan. Bobby secures a deal with Clay to confess everything, in return for which Bobby will vote to let him live. Clay does so, and is excommunicated from the Club, but not executed (because of Bobby's vote). Jax sets a meeting with Lin and Romeo to secure gun deliveries every two weeks, although the change will take three months. As a result, Jax sets a meeting with Gaelan and agree to sell to Romeo one last time. However, Romeo and the cartel decide to take the weapons by force, leaving SAMCRO on the hook to pay for them. Gaelan, displeased, retaliates by kidnapping Wendy. Clay arranges a meeting with Gaelan, where Clay agrees to act as an intermediary for new weapons customers. Gaelan agrees, as he trusts Clay, and also arranges safe passage for him and Gemma into Belfast. Jax forgives Juice and grows closer to Tig, but his actions are too much for Bobby to stand, who removes his Vice President patch and walks out.
Season 6 (2013).
Following the arrest of Tara and Clay, Jax struggles to hold SAMCRO together while Tara is imprisoned. Toric approaches both Tara and Clay and offers them deals in exchange for giving up SAMCRO; both initially refuse, but Clay later relents when confronted with being thrown into the prison's general population and assuredly being killed by inmates paid off by Damon Pope's men as a retaliation for Pope's murder. Juice returns to Charming after helping Bobby relocate after stepping down as VP, which angers Chibs, who doesn't believe Juice has been punished enough for talking to cops and later beats him. The Club also deals with a group of Iranian torture-porn filmmakers who abused Lyla; as the conflict heats up cops show up and arrest everyone; the SAMCRO members are handed off to Charlie Berosky a crooked cop who cuts deals with the locals, agrees with SAMCRO that the torture porn has to go, and has the Iranians evicted. As Tig releases the director, the man makes a crass comment about Tig's daughter. Tig then snaps and drowns the man in a bathtub filled with urine. The premiere ends with a young child, seen periodically throughout the episode, who approaches a school and pulls a machine pistol out of his backpack. He loads the weapon and enters the school; shortly thereafter screams and gunfire are heard. SAMCRO is targeted for this shooting as the supplier. Toric after giving SAMCRO trouble accuses them of a school mass murder which later gets him killed through an incident with Otto. Otto is shot down by guards in the prison hospital. District Attorney Patterson who was working with Toric is trying to put an end to SAMCRO by trying to get Tara to testify against them. She is offered a deal twice and accepts along with the help of Jax, sending him to jail and allowing Tara to leave Charming with Abel and Thomas. After getting drunk and high, Gemma heads over to Jax's house feeling betrayed by Tara for trying to take her grandchildren and finds Tara. Tara is brutally beaten and then after an attempted drowning in the kitchen sink is stabbed in the back of the head with a meat fork by Gemma. Roosevelt walks in and is shot in the back by Juice to protect Gemma. Later that night Jax walks in to the house and finds the dead Roosevelt and Tara on the kitchen floor and falls to his knees crying. Patterson walks in to find the scene and Jax screams in agony ending the season.
Cast and characters.
"Sons of Anarchy" is the story of the Teller-Morrow family of Charming, California, as well as the other members of Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club, Redwood Original (SAMCRO), their families, various Charming townspeople, allied and rival gangs, associates, and law agencies that undermine or support SAMCRO's legal and illegal enterprises.
Elements.
Concept.
The Sons of Anarchy (SOA) is an outlaw motorcycle club with many charters in the United States as well as overseas. The show focuses on the original and founding chapter, Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club, Redwood Original, referred to by the acronym SAMCRO or Sam Crow. This nickname is also reflected in the original title of the show, "Forever Sam Crow". The Redwood chapter is headquartered in the fictional town of Charming, California, in a clubhouse adjacent to the Teller-Morrow auto mechanic shop. Led by President Clay Morrow, and later Jax Teller, the club protects and controls Charming through close community relationships, bribery, and violent intimidation. In early seasons they are particularly vehement about keeping "hard" drugs, and drug dealers, out of Charming.
SAMCRO founders.
John Teller and Piermont "Piney" Winston co-founded SAMCRO in 1967 following their return from the Vietnam War. The first chapter was called "Redwood" because before Gemma, John's wife, became pregnant with their first son, Jackson (Jax), and settled in Charming, Gemma's hometown, they cruised the Northern California coast from Eureka to Big Sur, which is redwood country, so he called the chapter the Redwood Originals, hence the SAMCRO (Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club Redwood Original) handle. Six of the "Redwood Original 9" members were Vietnam vets.
SAMCRO attire.
Club members wear vests known as kuttes (jackets with the sleeves cut off). The SOA patch on the back is a Grim Reaper holding a crystal ball with the Anarchist circle-A symbol, and wielding the Reaper's traditional scythe, the handle of which has been replaced by the M16 rifle that the club's founders wielded in Vietnam. Only full members can wear the "patch." Other, smaller patches on the vest have specific meanings, such as "Men of Mayhem," which is worn by club members who have spilled blood on the club's behalf, "First 9", worn by all the original nine SOA members, and President/Vice President/SGT at Arms/Secretary patches.
Vehicles.
The Sons ride customized Harley-Davidson motorcycles. Each rider customizes his own bike to his individual style; however, they all paint their bikes black and most sport T-bar style handlebars. A patchholder's bike usually sports the Sons of Anarchy letters on it somewhere, the club's Grim Reaper logo, or the circled "A" club logo. Prospects are not permitted to paint their bikes black until they get patched in.
Activities.
Club members have "day jobs" in local industries; most work at the Teller-Morrow garage as mechanics, but they primarily make money by illegally importing weapons, modifying and selling them to various gangs, and making protection runs for local businesses by defending valuable truck shipments against hijacking.
During Season 4 they start to mule cocaine for the Galindo cartel in exchange for cash and protection.
SAMCRO properties.
The clubhouse, described above, includes a living area with multiple rooms (where members sometimes crash for the night), a fully operational bar, a pool table, a kitchen, a workout room, and the "chapel," a room with an elaborate redwood conference table that has a reaper logo carved into the top, where the patched members meet to discuss club business and vote on major decisions. The club owns a secluded cabin in the woods and a warehouse outside of town (which was bought from but is still maintained by club associate Elliot Oswald), where they've stored weapons and cocaine for the Galindo Cartel. The club also rents an old candy shop that is used as the clubhouse in season 6 after the Teller/Morrow clubhouse was destroyed in an explosion.
Rival and allied gangs.
SAMCRO keeps meth traffickers and drug dealers out of Charming, which puts them at odds with the meth-distributing white supremacist Nordics (aka Nords), headed by Ernest Darby. This earns them respect and admiration from the townspeople, who believe the Sons do more to protect their town than its own police. SAMCRO also has to deal with a rival, Oakland-based motorcycle club (MC), the Mayans led by Marcus Alvarez (played by Emilio Rivera, who also appeared in "The Shield" as Mexican drug dealer Navarro Quintero). Other groups in SAMCRO's orbit include the San Francisco–based Chinese mafia Lin Triad, led by Henry Lin; the Italian American Cacuzza crime family; the Real IRA (aka RIRA) of Ireland, which supplies them with illegal Russian-made guns; the "One-Niners", an African American street gang (who also appeared on "The Shield", thus possibly putting the two in the same fictional universe) to whom SAMCRO sell weapons; and various affiliates in the state prison system, where many members of the club have been incarcerated at one time or another. These gangs serve important roles in either being enemies of the clubs or soon to be partners with the MC to bring in more money.
Shakespearean influence.
Sutter has said of the Shakespeare element, "I don't want to overplay that but it's there. It was Jax's father who started the club, so he's the ghost in the action. You wonder what he would have made of the way it turned out. It's not a version of "Hamlet" but it's definitely influenced by it." Ron Perlman believes "they’re going to stick to the structure of "Hamlet" all the way to the end (of the series)."
The two final episodes of Season 4 are titled "To Be" (Parts I and II), harkening to the famous To be, or not to be soliloquy, and episode 11 of Season 5 is titled "To Thine Own Self", which references Polonius' advice to his son Laertes.
Production.
Crew.
The series was created by Kurt Sutter. Sutter is the showrunner, the series' most prolific writer, and a regular director. He has directed each season finale to date. Sutter had previously worked as an executive producer for the FX series "The Shield". The series' other executive producers are father and son team Art Linson and John Linson. Jim Parriott served as an executive producer and writer for the first season only. Paris Barclay joined "Sons of Anarchy" as an executive producer in the fourth season, after directing episodes in the first and second season. In addition to serving as Executive Producer in the fourth, fifth, and sixth seasons, Barclay directed three episodes each season, including the season 4 and 5 premieres, the top two highest-rated telecasts in the history of FX.
Jack LoGiudice served as a consulting producer and regular writer for the first season. He became co-executive producer for the second season. He left the series to work on "The Walking Dead". Dave Erickson also worked as a consulting producer for the first and second season and then took over as co-executive producer for the third season. The series other regular writers are supervising producer Chris Collins and co-producer Regina Corrado. Shawn Rutherford has joined as consulting producer for season 6 and 7.
Sutter drew regular directors from "The Shield" including Stephen Kay, Gwyneth Horder-Payton, Guy Ferland, and Billy Gierhart.
Filming.
Although "Sons of Anarchy" is set in Northern California's Central Valley, it is filmed primarily at Occidental Studios Stage 5A in North Hollywood. Main sets located there include the clubhouse, St. Thomas Hospital and Jax's house. The production rooms at the studio used by the writing staff also double as the Charming police station. External scenes are often filmed nearby in Sun Valley and Tujunga. Interior and exterior scenes set in Northern Ireland during season 3 were also filmed at Occidental Studios and surrounding areas. A second unit shot footage in Northern Ireland used in the third season.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Sons of Anarchy" has received very favorable reviews over the course of its run, with many singling out Katey Sagal's performance. On the review aggregator website Metacritic, the first season scored 68/100, the second season scored 86/100, the third season scored 84/100, the fourth season scored 81/100, the fifth and sixth season scored 72/100.
Season one.
The first season received mixed reviews from industry critics. Matthew Gilbert of "The Boston Globe" said the first season had “real potential”. "The New York Times"’ Gina Bellafante spoke highly of the cast's acting ability, particularly Sagal’s portrayal of Gemma. Brian Lowry of "Variety" gave a mixed review, admiring Sutter’s creation of the club and the town of Charming but observing the early episodes lacked direction.
Season two.
The second season saw a substantial increase in positive reviews. Writing for "Chicago Tribune", Maureen Ryan called the second season “engrossing”. She elaborated that “the pacing is better "" the plotting is tighter” and commends Sagal and Perlman for their performances. "Variety"’s Stuart Levine stated that the new season was “compelling”; he also complimented the acting skill of Perlman, Sagal, Hunnam and Siff. James Poniewozik of "TIME" called Sagal's performance "devastatingly powerful" and named the series on his list of Top 10 Shows of 2009.
Season three.
Some critics felt the third season was dragged down by the previous season's cliffhanger. James Poniewozik of "TIME" called the season three premiere “breathtaking” and praised Sagal’s performance with Holbrook. He later stated that Abel's disappearance helped return the show to its central problem: Jax's allegiance to the club. "Entertainment Weekly"’s Ken Tucker agreed that Holbrook and Sagal’s scenes were "beautiful". He also commented that the series handled themes of loyalty and family especially well. Maureen Ryan commented that the third season divided critics and fans alike, suggesting the expanded Belfast cast made it harder for the audience to invest in the characters' journeys. Ryan later questioned the credibility of Hector Salazar's story, noting that he was inferior to other villainous characters such as Stahl, Zobelle and Weston. However, she praised Ally Walker's performance, comparing her character to "The Shield"s Vic Mackey. Critic Alan Sepinwall said the season was "interesting but uneven", noting that the plot gained traction in later episodes. Tim Goodman of "The Hollywood Reporter" said "Sutter should be applauded for shaking things up", calling the slower pace a "creative necessity".
Season four.
Alan Sepinwall stated that the fourth season risked predictability by returning to a successful formula of storytelling, but he nonetheless preferred those episodes to those of season three. Maureen Ryan reviewed the fourth season positively. She praised the addition of Lincoln Potter (played by Ray McKinnon), comparing the character's quality to that of "Breaking Bad"'s antagonist, Gustavo Fring. The AV Club called the fourth season more "focused" and "operatic". AV Club reviewer Zack Handlen was fond of the season but felt disappointed with the finale, saying it featured a "lousy case of dictated convenience, of an arbitrary and unbelievable reveal used to shift characters around to where the writers want them to be for next season, as opposed to where they might land organically." However, the review did praise Charlie Hunnam's performance in the finale. "TIME" said the fourth season was the strongest since season two, but the show needed to end sooner rather than later. "TIME" also agreed that the finale's contrivances were sometimes too visible, stating "it’s the principle: you can only turn up alive at your own funeral so many times before it starts to lose its impact."
Season five.
Season five received favourable reviews and has a rating of 72 on the review aggregator site Metacritic.
Ken Tucker of "Entertainment Weekly" praised the series by calling it a "richly detailed portrait of self-righteous villainy".
The series had a rating of 8.6/10 on the review site IMDB.
Season six.
Season six received generally favorable reviews and scored a 72 out of 100 on Metacritic.
Ratings.
The sixth season's premiere on September 10, 2013 received the highest ratings in the series' history. The episode was watched by 5.87 million viewers.
Awards and nominations.
"Sons of Anarchy" was nominated for Outstanding Achievement in Drama at the 2010 TCA Awards. Katey Sagal received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series (Drama) at the 68th Golden Globe Awards for her role in the third season. She also received a nomination for a 2010 Satellite Award in the category of Best Actress – Television Series (Drama), as well as a TCA nomination for the Individual Achievement in Drama. Sons of Anarchy (Season 5) received a Screen Crush Award for having the best TV series in 2012. Also in 2012, Paris Barclay was nominated for an NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Direction in a Drama Series for his direction of the Season 4 Premiere "Out". In 2013, Rockmond Dunbar won an NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series for his portrayal of Sherriff Eli Roosevelt.
Music.
Soundtracks.
Three EP soundtracks have been released by 20th Century Fox Records, on iTunes, featuring songs from each series. The first five-song EP, entitled "Sons of Anarchy: North Country – EP", was released on September 8, 2009 and featured the full version of the Emmy Award nominated theme song "This Life". A second five-song EP, entitled "Sons of Anarchy: Shelter – EP", was released on November 24, 2009 while a third six-song EP, entitled "Sons of Anarchy: The King is Gone - EP", was released on November 23, 2010.
In November 2011, selected highlights from the EPs and new tracks were released in , followed up by released in November 2012 and Sons of Anarchy: Songs of Anarchy Vol. 3 released in December 2013.
Other music.
Other notable songs featured in the series include: David by Noah Gundersen, Writings on The Wall by The Album Leaf (In Series Premiere), "Ålesund" by Sun Kil Moon, Bobby's Elvis covers, a cover version of "Son of a Preacher Man" by Katey Sagal, "Hard Row" by the Black Keys which is featured in the Pilot episode (the music of the Black Keys often features in the series), along with "Plenty Strong and Plenty Wrong" by Maylene and the Sons of Disaster on the radio in the pilot episode, "Can't Get Used to Losing You" by Andy Williams, a cover of "Forever Young" by Audra Mae, "Burn This Town" by Battleme, "Johnny, I Hardly Knew Ya" by Dropkick Murphys, "Comin Home" by Murder by Death, "Hell" by The Upsidedown, "Power Player" by Clutch, "Railroad Cancellation" by Don Caballero, "Dolphin Center" by The Donkeys, "Stop" by Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, "Hands in the Sky" by Straylight Run, "People, Turn Around" by Delta Spirit, "Ashes to Ashes" by Tarbox Ramblers, and the blues song "John the Revelator" by Curtis Stigers & The Forest Rangers. The trailer for the 2009 season featured "Son's Gonna Rise" by Citizen Cope. Several Monster Magnet songs are used: "Monolithic" (from "Monolithic Baby!") are used in season one, while "Radiation Day" and "Slut Machine" (both also from "Monolithic Baby!") and "Freeze and Pixelate" (from "4-Way Diablo") are used in season two, and "100 Million Miles" (from "Mastermind") appears late into season three. In the final episode of season three, "Get It On" by Turbonegro was used during the Russian chase scene. "Lot Lizard" by the band The Glasspack is used in season 2. Another notable song is a cover of Alice Cooper's "I'm Eighteen" by a teenage band at the end of the episode "Giving Back". In 2011, "Dani California" by Red Hot Chili Peppers was used as a promo song for season 4. In episodes 5 and 8, there was music from the Belgian band The Black Box Revelation, and episode 7 featured the song "Machine Gun Blues" by Social Distortion.
The 11/22/11 episode had two more notable pieces in the soundtrack. First was Boo Boo Davis "I'm So Tired", then in the confrontation between Opie and Clay, Noah Gundersens "David" his Family cd is heard – with the line "I want to kill me a giant man". To Be, Act 1 contained "Burn It Down" by Awolnation during the interstate chase from Oakland back to Charming. Season 6's promos feature "The Mark Has Been Made" by Nine Inch Nails. "Mind Your Manners" by Pearl Jam was featured in the sixth season episode "Salvage".
Broadcast.
"Sons of Anarchy" premiered in Australia on the Showcase in 2009 while in New Zealand it appeared on TV3 on October 20, 2010 and it has been announced it is moving to the Box. The show premiered in the UK on 5USA in 2009 and in the Republic of Ireland RTÉ Two the same year. It premiered in Canada on Super Channel October 20, 2008.In India season 6 is airing from 26 September 2013 only on Star World Premiere.

</doc>
<doc id="18369417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369417" title="Kõrveküla">
Kõrveküla

Kõrveküla is a small borough ("") in Tartu Parish, Tartu County in eastern Estonia. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 733.

</doc>
<doc id="18369428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369428" title="Inca Babies">
Inca Babies

Inca Babies are a post-punk deathrock band from Manchester, England, initially active between 1982 and 1988, but reformed since 2007, releasing an album "Death Message Blues" in 2010 and performing live across Europe. A follow-up featuring the reformed three-piece line-up of Harry Stafford (guitars, vocals), Rob Haynes (drums) and Vince Hunt (bass) was released on 5 November 2012 with the title 'Deep Dark Blue', again on the band's own Black Lagoon Records. [http://www.incababies.co.uk] Since then the band have appeared live across the UK and Europe, performing in Italy, Poland, Lithuania, The Netherlands, the USA and Greece.
History.
The band was formed in Hulme, Manchester by Bill Bonney (bass guitar), Harry Stafford(guitar) Julian Woropay (vocals) and Alan Brown (drums), taking influences from Link Wray, The Cramps, The Gun Club and The Birthday Party Debut single "The Interior" was released in November 1983 on their own "Black Lagoon" label. Over the next five years they released a further six singles and four albums with a few changes of line-up, 1988's "Evil Hour" featuring Clint Boon of Inspiral Carpets on keyboards. Alan Brown of bIG fLAME and The Great Leap Forward was also drummer for a time.
The band recorded four sessions for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 programme between 1984 and 1987.
However the band folded in the late 1980s, reforming for a concert in Munich marking the 20th anniversary of the booking agency IBD. The Inca Babies had been the agency's first overseas act. The Munich performance stimulated interest in the band and founder member Harry Stafford recruited Goldblade drummer Rob Haynes to remain part of the band. The death of original bass player Bill Marten came as Stafford was writing material for the band's first new release in two decades. Former A Witness bassist and longstanding friend Vince Hunt stood in to complete the album and for dates across Europe in late 2009 and 2010 and continues to play live and record with the band.
A double A-side blue vinyl 7" limited edition single 'My Sick Suburb/Tower of Babel' was released by Black Lagoon Records to mark Record Store Day on 21 April 2012 [http://www.recordstoreday.co.uk/exclusive-product.aspx]. The songs comment on the notorious Hulme Crescent flats in Manchester which were a centre of the city's counterculture in the 1980s and home to the band's early line-up. An accompanying video was uploaded to YouTube filmed and edited by film-maker and musician Boz Hayward.
Throughout 2012 the band made live appearances across the UK and Europe, performing in Italy, Poland and The Netherlands and also flying to Los Angeles for a one-off show.
In October 2012 the band released a CD titled 'Re-Peeled' to mark their inclusion in a musical tribute night in Manchester to BBC DJ John Peel. This featured re-recordings of four songs originally recorded for sessions for John Peel's BBC Radio One show in the early 1980s [http://www.incababies.co.uk].
The second album from the reformed line-up - 'Deep Dark Blue' - was released in November 2012 [http://louderthanwar.com/inca-babies-deep-dark-blue-album-review] and the band toured widely in 2013 to promote it, performing live across the UK and in Greece and Belgium.
Discography.
All on Black Lagoon unless stated. Chart positions shown from the UK Indie Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18369434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369434" title="Beatriz Galindo">
Beatriz Galindo

Beatriz Galindo, sometimes spelled Beatrix, (born 1465? Salamanca – 23 November 1534 in Madrid) was a Spanish physician and educator. She was a writer, humanist and a teacher of Queen Isabella of Castile and her children. She was one of the most educated women of her time. There is uncertainty about her date of birth; some authors believe it is 1464 or 1474. She was also known as "La Latina."
Life.
Beatriz Galindo was born in a family of Zamoran origin in the lower nobility of hidalgos, formerly wealthy but almost destitute after the Civil Wars of Inheritance after Juan IV of Castile. 
Her family chose her among her sisters to be a nun, since she was fond of reading, so they allowed her to take more education in "grammar" at one of the dependent institutions of University of Salamanca to help her career before taking the Orders, but her great skill in Latin set her on an academic career before she was twelve years old.
Beatriz Galindo received her education in Italy where she received her degree in Latin and Philosophy from the University of Salerno. Unusually for that time in Europe the Italian universities welcomed women students. It is likely that she was at one time a student of the great Spanish scholar Antonio de Nebrija.
She was nicknamed La Latina for her skill in Latin, and became a professor at the University of Salamanca, where she taught rhetoric, philosophy and medicine. She was appointed tutor to the children of Queen Isabella of Castile. She taught Catherine of Aragon, the future wife of Henry VIII of England, and Joanna of Castile, the future wife of Philip of Habsburg and later known as Juana the Mad.
She wrote in Latin, producing poetry, and a commentary on Aristotle.
In December 1491 she married Francisco Ramirez de Madrid. They had five children.
She was one of the first women to be active in public life during the renaissance. It is reported that she dressed in the habit of a nun or abbess. She founded the Hospital of the Holy Cross ("Santa Cruz de Madrid") in 1506 in Madrid, which still exists.
The neighborhood in Madrid where she once lived is known today as La Latina from her nickname. There are statues of her in Salamanca and Madrid. On Calle Goya 10 in Madrid lies the Beatriz Galindo Secondary School. In Salamanaca there is an early education and primary school that also takes her name.

</doc>
<doc id="18369459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369459" title="Võistre">
Võistre

Võistre is a village in Viljandi Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia. It has a population of 83 (as of 1 January 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="18369465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369465" title="Dave Van Ronk in Rome">
Dave Van Ronk in Rome

Dave Van Ronk in Rome is a live album by Dave Van Ronk, released in 1983. It was released on the Italian label Folkstudio.
The Dave Van Ronk discography states it was re-issued as "From... Another Time & Place". The track list is the same.

</doc>
<doc id="18369472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369472" title="McDaniel Lake">
McDaniel Lake

McDaniel Lake is a source of water for the city of Springfield, Missouri currently owned and operated by City Utilities of Springfield as their public water source. Despite being north of the city limits, the Springfield Police Department has primary jurisdiction over the lake, shorelines and corresponding city-owned land (the utility is fully owned by the City of Springfield).
Recreational activities.
McDaniel Lake is considered a "restricted" lake meaning boating, floating, swimming and docks are not allowed on the water surface. Fishing, however is allowed and encouraged off of the concrete bridge running west to east over the lake at one of its smaller sections. ok
Lake creation and etymology.
McDaniel Lake was created by impounding the Little Sac River in 1929, making it one of the oldest man-made dams in the area, with the dam at Fellows Lake being built in 1957. The McDaniel Lake dam was raised to increase lake-water storage in 1992, making it more visible from the solitary bridge.
Fishing and accessibility.
The lake is only accessible by vehicle at two points: one being Farm Roads 145/151 and a second at a smaller crossing on Farm Road 159. Both roads contain large bridges from which people can fish off of, though the Farm Road 145/151 bridge is popularized as being a better fishing location.
The lake boasts a variable amount of species of fish including carp, small mouth bass and large mouth bass, white bass, channel catfish and several sunfish. The lake itself is quickly gathering attention as being a top site in Southwest Missouri for fishing due to its serenity and peacefulness.
Criminal activities.
The bridge on Farm Road 145/151 generated national attention when a 5-year-old girl was thrown over the side of the bridge into the cooling fall waters by an unidentified man on September 5, 2006. Greene County Sheriff Deputies were called to the lake at 5:30 a.m. after three fishermen heard a splash and saw a man speed away from the bridge. Two of the fishermen dove into the water to rescue the girl with success. Earlier in the day the girl's mother had called authorities after she and the girl's babysitter had discovered that the young child had gone missing.

</doc>
<doc id="18369478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369478" title="2002–03 Maltese First Division">
2002–03 Maltese First Division

The Maltese First Division 2002–03 started on 7 September 2002 and finished on 4 May 2003.Naxxar and Lija were relegated from Maltese Premier League.Msida and Senglea were promoted from Maltese Second Division. Msida were the champions and Balzan were promoted to Maltese Premier League.
Msida were the champions of the Maltese Third Division 2000-01 and a year later they were the champions of the Maltese Second Division 2001-02.Therefore they were promoted for three straight years to go to the top level. Gozo and Xghajra were relegated to Maltese Second Division.
Participating teams.
The Maltese First Division 2002–03 was made up of these teams:
Final League Table 2002-03.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsC = Champions; R = Relegated; RP = Relegation playoffs
Results.
For a complete set of results,see 1

</doc>
<doc id="18369479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369479" title="Smeeth railway station">
Smeeth railway station

Smeeth is a disused railway station on the South Eastern Main Line which served the village of Smeeth in Kent, England. The station opened in 1852 and closed in 1954.
History.
Smeeth, a scattered village community of a few hundred persons in the early 1840s, was initially ignored by the South Eastern Railway (SER) when it constructed its main line through the area to reach Folkestone. Situated 4½ miles from Ashford, the small village was primarily a farming community producing wheat, barley, oats, beans and peas; the grain was processed at Evegate Mill on the River Stour to the south of the railway line, which was most substantial structure in the area. In 1850, six years after opening the South Eastern Main Line, a deputation of local tradesmen pressed the SER to open a station in the village, arguing that the potential goods traffic that could be generated would outweigh the lack of passenger receipts. Although there was little in the way to suggest that Smeeth could justify and support a railway station, the SER agreed to the venture. A site was chosen one mile to the south of the village at a point where the Bonnington to Smeeth road (now the B2069) crossed the railway line. The land was owned by the Knatchbull-Hugessen family, Sir Edward Knatchbull-Hugessen being the local Member of Parliament and, in later years, a director of the SER.
Rather than the usual wooden clapboard structures so favoured in the construction of SER stations, Smeeth's main station building was instead a substantial multi-gabled brick building. However, other common SER features were to be found at this station, including two staggered platforms and a weather-boarded signal box situated on the up side together with the main station building. The down platform had the minimum of facilities: only a basic wooden waiting shelter and paraffin lamps on "barley-sugar" columns. In 1873, the station facilities were enlarged and the goods yard extended involving the laying of an extra siding, indicating a respectable level of goods traffic. Timetabling of services generally saw eight up and down trains call at Smeeth on weekdays: the first service (up) at 7.25am, and the last service (down) at 9.25pm.
Passenger traffic began to drop following the Second World War as bus services became more popular; the East Kent Road Car Company ran buses which passed close to Smeeth on their way between Ashford and Folkestone, drawing off much of the railway's custom. Nationalisation in 1947 saw the Southern Region of British Railways (BR) take over responsibility for the station, and it began to implement a new policy of centring goods traffic at larger railhead depots, thereby sounding the death knell for many wayside stations across the country whose income was largely down to goods traffic. In 1953, BR proposed the closure of Smeeth Station, arguing that it would save nearly £10,000 in wages and other expenses linked with the renewal of the two platforms; the station, it said, brought in £10,322 in goods receipts and only £143 would be lost from withdrawing passenger services. The local Member of Parliament, Bill Deedes, encouraged villagers to fight the closure, but the local newspaper noted that most preferred to travel by bus or motor car. The station's last passenger train therefore departed at 9.50pm on Sunday 3 January 1954, leaving goods traffic to last for ten more years before Smeeth closed entirely.
The goods yard was let for commercial use after its closure on 18 April 1964, and the buildings later demolished to leave no trace that a station had ever existed on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18369482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369482" title="Pentylamine">
Pentylamine

Pentylamine is a chemical compound with the formula CH3(CH2)4NH2. It is used as a solvent, as a raw material in the manufacture of a variety of other compounds, including dyes, emulsifiers, and pharmaceutical products, and as a flavoring agent.

</doc>
<doc id="18369487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369487" title="Lähte">
Lähte

Lähte is a small borough ("") in Tartu Parish, Tartu County in eastern Estonia. As of 2011 Census, the settlement's population was 492.

</doc>
<doc id="18369492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369492" title="John Wigan">
John Wigan

John Wigan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18369506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369506" title="Social Science &amp; Medicine">
Social Science &amp; Medicine

Social Science & Medicine is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering social science research on health, including anthropology, economics, geography, psychology, social epidemiology, social policy, sociology, and health care practice, policy, and organization. It was established in 1967 and is published by Elsevier.
History.
"Social Science & Medicine" () was published quarterly from 1967-1977 by Pergamon Press and, according to the National Library of Medicine and the Library of Congress, was then split into:
In 1982, Parts A-F were merged back into one journal. It was published by Pergamon Press, until that company was acquired by Elsevier in 1992.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.733.

</doc>
<doc id="18369518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369518" title="Jean Badovici">
Jean Badovici

Jean Badovici (6 January 1893 – 17 August 1956) was an Romanian architect and architecture critic active in Paris.
Biography.
Born in Bucharest, Romania, Jean Badovici studied architecture in Paris after World War I. Since 1923 he edited the important French magazine for avantgarde architecture "L'Architecture Vivante". Furthermore he designed two buildings (residential houses for himself) in Vézelay (1924) and in Paris near Pont de Sèvres (1934). In Roquebrune-Cap-Martin he assisted Eileen Gray - they were lovers until 1932 - in designing and constructing a home for them, one of the important buildings of the International style, E-1027 ).
After World War II Badovici was involved in reconstructing and saving the architectural heritage of France in a board called "Bâtiments civils et palais nationaux et des monuments historiques". There he served as assistant to the chief architect Robert Édouard Camelot (1903–1992).
"L’Architecture Vivante".
Jean Badovici gained reputation not for constructing buildings but for analyzing and supporting avantgarde architecture. He was an influential critic and mentor of international modern architecture in France since he began editing the magazine "L’Architecture Vivante" in 1923. He convinced the publisher Albert Morancé of the importance for such an avantgarde magazine which ran from 1923 till 1933. "L’Architecture Vivante" became immediately an influential mouthpiece of the International style (Bauhaus, Constructivism, De Stijl). Le Corbusier - a friend of Badovici - for instance became one of the architects whose ideals were frequently discussed in this magazine. Badovici cultivated relations to European avantgarde magazines like "Wendingen" (Netherlands) and "Cahiers d’Art" (France, founded in 1926) of his friend Christian Zervos.
Regularly each issue of "L’Architecture Vivante" presented a number of architects and their works but there were also some very few dealing with just one artist (Le Corbusier, Pierre Jeanneret and in 1929 Eileen Gray and her home E-1027).
"Personal Life".
He lived with Eileen Gray, who was openly lesbian, in E 1027. Le Corbusier vandalized the wall by his drawing "Three Women" depicting Eileen and Jean together, even though he was "granted full authorization". He didn't think of it as "an invasion, but as a gift." (From "Battle Lines"- Beatriz Colomina)
"L’Architecture Vivante" in libraries.
In the United States (excerpts):
In Europe (excerpts):
Reeditions "L’Architecture Vivante".
The issue concerning Eileen Gray / E.1027:
The complete edition:

</doc>
<doc id="18369526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369526" title="Stephanie Klein">
Stephanie Klein

Stephanie Klein is a popular blogger and the author of "Straight Up and Dirty: A Memoir" and "Moose: A Memoir of Fat Camp." 
Klein first gained popularity through her blog, Greek Tragedy, which was originally created as a showcase for her advertising portfolio. In 2004, The Independent in London discovered her blog and dubbed her "The Internet Queen of Manhattan." In 2005, she was featured on the front cover of The New York Times Sunday Styles section, where it was reported that Greek Tragedy was in the top 1% of all blogs.
Klein signed a two-book deal with Judith Regan (it has since turned into Harper Collins). "Straight Up and Dirty: A Memoir" was published in 2006, and "Moose: A Memoir of Fat Camp" was published in 2008. "Straight Up and Dirty", like her blog, focuses on her life after her divorce, while Moose focuses on her life when she was an overweight child. 
Born in New York in 1975, Klein graduated magna cum laude from Barnard College, in 1997 with a B.A. in English and a concentration in writing. She currently lives with her husband and twins, Abigail and Lucas, in Austin, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18369531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369531" title="Koosa">
Koosa

Koosa is a settlement in Vara Parish, Tartu County in eastern Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18369546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369546" title="Scott Koskie">
Scott Koskie

Scott Koskie (born December 14, 1971 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a volleyball player from Canada, who plays as a setter for the Men's National Team. He was named "Best Setter" at the 2005 NORCECA Championship in Winnipeg, where Team Canada ended up in third place.

</doc>
<doc id="18369553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369553" title="KCNH6">
KCNH6

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily H member 6 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNH6" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18369555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369555" title="KCNH7">
KCNH7

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily H member 7 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNH7" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18369557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369557" title="KCNH8">
KCNH8

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily H member 8 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNH8" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18369558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369558" title="KCNH3">
KCNH3

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily H member 3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNH3" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18369560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369560" title="KCNH4">
KCNH4

Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily H member 4 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNH4" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18369563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369563" title="Olustvere">
Olustvere

Olustvere () is a small borough () in Suure-Jaani Parish, Viljandi County in central Estonia. It has a population of 465 (as of 2009).
During the 19th century and supposedly earlier, the area surrounding the Olustvere estate and its manor (supposedly established in the middle of the 16th century) was one of the commercial and social centres of the Suure-Jaani parish, at that time "Gross-Sankt Johannis" parish, in Livonia. In 1847, Sts. Peter and Paul Orthodox congregation was established at Olustvere (at that time "Ollustfer") and a small church was built there in 1849. The congregation's cemetery was located at the nearby locality of Reegoldi. In the beginning of the 20th century, the congregation moved to Gross-St. Johannis, where a new church had been built and a new cemetery established.
Olustvere has a railway station, which was built in 1901.
The present two-storey manor house in Olustvere was built in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="18369614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369614" title="Illusion costume">
Illusion costume

An illusion costume is a costume that fools the eyes by making it seem that the person in the costume is riding an animal, being held by another person (which is actually part of the costume), or many other things. The most common is the rider, in which the "rider" (person) gives the illusion of riding an animal; the person's legs go through the hollowed-out animal legs, along with fake legs dangling off the wearer's body to finish off the illusion.
History.
In

</doc>
<doc id="18369619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369619" title="Rahman Ahmadi">
Rahman Ahmadi

Rahman Ahmadi (, born 30 July 1980 in Noshahr, Iran) is an Iranian association footballer who currently plays for Sepahan in Iran Pro League.
Club career.
He started his career in Saipa and won the league in 2007. He moved to Sepahan in summer 2008 and was a regular player in his first season. He returned to the Saipa in summer 2012. He joined Sepahan in July 2013.
Club Career statistics.
Last Update 26 February 2014 
International career.
He made his debut in the final of WAFF where Team Melli won the competition. After Mehdi Rahmati announced his temporary retirement in 2013, Ahmadi was made the number one of Iran national football team by Carlos Queiroz. He was instrumental in helping Iran secure a place in the 2014 FIFA World Cup, as his double-save ensured a 1–0 Iran win over South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="18369621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369621" title="Stepenitz">
Stepenitz

Stepenitz refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18369636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369636" title="Stepenitz (Brandenburg)">
Stepenitz (Brandenburg)

The Stepenitz is a river in the district of Prignitz, Brandenburg, Germany. It is a right tributary of the Elbe and runs for approximately 84 kilometers. The Dömnitz is a left tributary of the Stepenitz.
The Stepenitz's source is about five kilometers south of Meyenburg. Along with the Karthane, the Stepenitz flows into the Elbe at Wittenberge.
The Gänsetour ("geese tour") is an approximately 70 km long bicycle route along the Stepenitz. It is named in honor of the family Gans zu Putlitz, one of the oldest noble families of Brandenburg.
Localities on the Stepenitz include:

</doc>
<doc id="18369654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369654" title="Jake Award">
Jake Award

The Jake Award is an annual award presented to North American short line (Class III) railroads by rail transport industry group "American Short Line and Regional Railroad Association". The award recognizes railroads with a frequency-severity index (FSI) rating of 0.00, thus having no FRA reportable injuries.

</doc>
<doc id="18369668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369668" title="A Gentleman's Guide to Graceful Living">
A Gentleman's Guide to Graceful Living

"A Gentleman's Guide to Graceful Living" is Michael Dahlie's debut novel.
Plot introduction.
The book is about a man, named Arthur Camden, who is the great-grandson of the owner of a club which is named Maidenhead Grange. The club is a beloved Catskills fly-fishing lounge. The lounge is home to the Hanover Street Fly Casters, a group that was founded in 1878 by 12 Manhattan financiers. Arther burns Maidenhead Grange to the ground. He didn't burn down the club on purpose, he did it by accident. Arthur has also destroyed his marriage and an import-export business that is owned by his family.
Reception.
Mike Frechette of "MostlyFiction.com" reviewed the book saying "In addition to good writing, the book is also full of action. Perhaps its greatest achievement is that Dahlie elicits sympathy from the reader for a character whose social class does not easily elicit such feelings. Although Arthur is a wealthy, white American male, many readers can appreciate a character who illustrates that the struggle for self-confidence is arduous and lifelong."
Hanet Maslin of "The New York Times" reviewed the book saying "A Gentleman’s Guide to Graceful Living is perhaps too polite to create a big, vulgar epiphany for Arthur. Yet at the end of these understated adventures he seems to have come a long way, even if he is merely stepping out of the confines of a New Yorker cartoon and into the real world. And the next time he packs a suitcase, figuratively speaking, there’ll be something to put inside."
The author of "The Writing On The Wall", Lynne Sharon Schwartz, reviewed the book saying "Michael Dahlie's unusual and wonderful new novel, A Gentleman’s Guide to Graceful Living, is a tour de force that manages to combine mellow wisdom with wicked cleverness. The tragicomic adventures of his hero show a feckless Everyman trying to do the right thing, but constantly stumbling against an unreceptive world. Dahlie is an impressive new writer who walks a fine line between compassion and irony, optimism and despair. There were moments when I didn't know whether to laugh or cry, but I never wanted to stop reading this absorbing book."

</doc>
<doc id="18369672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369672" title="Muzaffarpur (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Muzaffarpur (Lok Sabha constituency)

Muzaffarpur Lok Sabha constituency ()
is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India.

</doc>
<doc id="18369681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369681" title="Fred Clark (disambiguation)">
Fred Clark (disambiguation)

Fred Clark may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18369686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369686" title="Archery Olympic Round">
Archery Olympic Round

The Olympic Round was introduced to target archery so that it could become more watchable as a competitive sport, the main focus of this being for the Olympics when shown on television. The round was developed by the World Archery Federation (WA; formerly FITA). It is used at the Olympic Games, the Archery World Cup and in many lower profile or local tournaments.
Team Event.
Teams are made up of three archers from the same discipline (male or female, recurve or compound). The teams shoot a qualifying round and are seeded on the combined score of the team.
A team match consists of 4 ends of each archer shooting 2 arrows, making 24 arrows in total. The team has 2 minutes to shoot all 6 arrows. All archers start in a box 1 meter from the shooting line. Once the time has started one archer may leave the box and shoot. Only one archer may be out of the box at a time.
In the event of a tie, each team member will shoot one arrow each. The team will have 1 minute to shoot the 3 arrows. The team with the highest total score is the winner. If still tied another 3 arrow are shot, and a third extra end if required. If still tied in the third extra end the team with an arrow closest to the center of the target wins; if these are the same distance from the center the team with the second arrow closest arrow is the winner, and the third if need be.
In addition to the fouls above there are additional fouls for the team round. If an archer leaves the box before the previous archer has entered the box a 'foot fault' is called and the archer must re-enter the box before leaving again. The archer must not remove an arrow from their quiver until they are on the shooting line, otherwise they must re-enter the box and return the arrow to their quiver before leaving again. For both of these fouls the judge will display a yellow card. If the archer does not obey the judge they will receive a red card and lose their highest scoring arrow.
Sets.
Since April 2010 the sets system has been used instead of the 12-arrow match. Elimination rounds are up of up to 3 sets of 6 arrows, and the finals are made up of up to 5 sets of 3 arrows. If a competitor wins a set they receive two points; if the set is drawn the competitors receive one point each. If a competitor has not won a majority of the sets (2 in a 3 set match and 3 in a 5 set match) the outcome is decided by a single arrow shoot-off with the competitor closest to the middle being declared the winner.

</doc>
<doc id="18369693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369693" title="Raidel Poey">
Raidel Poey

Raidel Poey Romero (born February 20, 1982, in Havana) is a volleyball player from Cuba, who plays in different positions. He was named "Most Valuable Player" at the 2005 NORCECA Championship in Winnipeg, Canada, where Cuba ended up in second place.

</doc>
<doc id="18369696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369696" title="KCNAB3">
KCNAB3

Voltage-gated potassium channel subunit beta-3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "KCNAB3" gene. The protein encoded by this gene is a voltage-gated potassium channel beta subunit.

</doc>
<doc id="18369698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369698" title="Väike-Kamari">
Väike-Kamari

Väike-Kamari is a settlement in Põltsamaa Parish, Jõgeva County in central Estonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18369707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369707" title="Sayumi Horie">
Sayumi Horie

Sayumi Michishige, a member of J-pop idol group Morning Musume, was named after Horie by her father.

</doc>
<doc id="18369719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369719" title="Võisiku">
Võisiku

Võisiku is a village in Põltsamaa Parish, Jõgeva County, in central Estonia. It's located about 5 km southwest from the town of Põltsamaa. Võisiku has a population of 376 (as of 2010).
Võisiku manor.
Võisiku estate () was first mentioned in 1558. The current building was constructed in the second half of the 18th century. A veranda was added at a later date.
Timotheus Eberhard von Bock (1787-1836), about whom Jaan Kross has written one of his most well-known novels, "The Czar's Madman", lived at Võisiku manor.
Chess player and endgame composer Friedrich Amelung was born at Võisiku Manor in 1842.

</doc>
<doc id="18369723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18369723" title="UEFA Euro 2000 knockout stage">
UEFA Euro 2000 knockout stage

The knockout stage of UEFA Euro 2000 started with the first quarter-final on 24 June and ended with the final on 2 July 2000.
Bracket.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Quarter-finals.
In the first quarter-final, Portugal defeated Turkey thanks to a brace from striker Nuno Gomes. Italy beat Romania by the same scoreline, with Francesco Totti and Filippo Inzaghi scoring a goal apiece. 
The Netherlands thrashed Yugoslavia 6–1 in the third match, Patrick Kluivert (3) and Marc Overmars (2) amongst the scorers. In the final game, Spain's European dream came to an end with a 2–1 loss to France: Gaizka Mendieta's penalty goal was sandwiched by goals from Zinedine Zidane and Youri Djorkaeff.
Semi-finals.
France and Italy both emerged victorious from their semi-finals against difficult opposition to reach the final. France beat Portugal 2–1 after extra-time; Nuno Gomes gave Portugal the lead in the 19th minute, which they held until just after half-time, when Thierry Henry equalised. The game went to extra-time and looked to be heading for a penalty shootout until Zidane struck the golden goal in the 117th minute.
Italy drew 0–0 in normal time with the Netherlands and it remained the same through extra-time. The game went to penalties and Italy won the penalty shoot-out 3–1. The Netherlands had a particularly dismal showing from the penalty spot this game, with Frank de Boer having a penalty saved and Kluivert hitting the post during normal time, in addition to the failure of the Dutch to convert three out of their four penalties taken during the shoot-out. Perhaps most infamous was Jaap Stam's attempt during the shoot-out (which ballooned well over the crossbar), described by the BBC as "one of the worst spot kicks ever".

</doc>
