<doc id="18461219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461219" title="West Jefferson Avenue–Rouge River Bridge">
West Jefferson Avenue–Rouge River Bridge

The West Jefferson Avenue–Rouge River Bridge is a bridge located where Jefferson Avenue crosses the Rouge River at the border of Detroit and River Rouge, Michigan. It is the only surviving pony truss bascule bridge in the state of Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
History.
Before the current bridges crossing the Rouge River at West Jefferson and Fort Streets were built, the two crossings were served by narrow swing bridges. By the late 1910s, these spans urgently needed replacing, in large part because they interfered with the Federal government's plans to dredge the Rouge River to provide freighter access to the Ford River Rouge Complex. Both the city of Detroit (who was responsible for maintaining the bridges) and Wayne County agreed that the county could better oversee the construction, but legal restrictions prohibited county involvement until state law was changed in 1919.
With the new legislation in place, plans were drawn up in 1920 for a "Chicago city type of single trunnion, double-leaf bascule bridge" for each bridge. The cost for the pair of bridgges was estimated at $2 million. A bond issue to fund construction was approved by Wayne County voters, and an alternate route onto which Jefferson Avenue traffic could be shunted was devised. Wayne County obtained an old truss, originally used by the Michigan Central Railroad upstream of Jefferson, and floated it downstream to a location 200 yards north of Jefferson. The old Jefferson Avenue bridge was closed and the detour opened on November 13, 1920.
Construction on the bridge commenced immediately. Each leaf was to be supported by four 12-foot-square concrete footings, sunk to the bedrock below the water line. The footings supported a concrete pit measuring 50 by which housed the counterweights and machinery. Wayne County contracted with the Missouri Valley Bridge and Iron Company of Leavenworth, Kansas to build the substructure for $408,280; with the Strobel Steel Construction Company of Chicago to build the superstructure for $378,005; Cooper-Widenmann Construction Company of Detroit to build the operators' houses for $78,700; and Fowler Electrical Supply Company of Toledo, Ohio, to supply electrical equipment for $34,809. County crews graded and paved the approaches.
On August 21, 1922, the two bascule leaves were lowered simultaneously for the first time. The bridge was opened to traffic on October 17; at the time, work on the approaches was still ongoing, but operating machinery on the detour bridge failed, necessitating the bridge's removal to allow free passage of river traffic. The next year, the federal government completed its planned dredging of the Rouge River.
In the early 1980s, the city spent $2.2 million to repair portions of the West Jefferson Bridge (as well as doing similar work to the crossing at Dix Avenue). These repairs have somewhat While altered the West Jefferson Bridge, but it retains its integrity as a significant example of early twentieth-century engineering.
On May 12, 2013, the West Jefferson Avenue bridge closed prematurely on the Lake Freighter Herbert C Jackson as a result of the bridge tender being intoxicated. this was the first incident of this type in the bridge's 91 year history. As of May 17, 2013, the bridge remains closed to traffic indefinitely.

</doc>
<doc id="18461235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461235" title="Wu Peng">
Wu Peng

Wu Peng (; born May 16, 1987 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang) is a Chinese swimmer. His height is and he weighs approximately 72 kg. His father died when he was 16 years old. He has concentrated on the butterfly since the 10th National Games in 2005.
Early life and career.
Wu's parents first sent him to the pool when he was four years old as an exercise for weight-loss.
He first decided to dedicate himself to swimming while watching swimming in the 1996 Olympics; the best result for Chinese men's swimming was 4th place in 50m freestyle, while Chinese women's swimming got gold. Wu said to his father that he wanted to be the first Chinese man to stand on the podium for Olympic swimming.
Wu's father died of a heart attack in 2003 while meeting Wu to bring him home for the weekend after practice.
Career.
He had excellent times at the National Games and Asian Games. In fact, he has brought hope to China's swim team since first joining it. He was one of the youngest swimmers on the team when he joined.
At the 2004 Athens Olympics, when he was only 17, Wu Peng made the 200 m butterfly final and became the only Chinese swimmer to finish in the top eight at the games. It was only Wu's first Olympics, and the team was satisfied with his performance.
At the 2006 Shanghai World Short Course Swimming Championships, Wu won the 200 m butterfly. He also won the bronze medal at the 2005 World Long Course Championships in Montreal, and the silver behind Michael Phelps at the 2007 World Long Course Championships in Melbourne, both times at 200 m butterfly. At the Beijing Olympics, he carried the nation's hopes for a breakthrough in swimming. Although making it to the finals, he managed a joint fourth with the New Zealand swimmer Moss Burmester.
Unfortunately, he suffered an injury in 2009 and could not make it to the World Long Course Championships to try for the podium once again.
Wu himself has said that if he were to medal in the London 2012 Olympics, he would consider his career to have been full and satisfying.
Wu Peng defeated Michael Phelps in the 200 fly in consecutive events, at the Michigan Grand Prix and Charlotte UltraSwim, in 2012 ending Michael Phelps' streak of 60 wins in nearly 9 years.
On July 27, 2012, Jimmy Fallon gave him a pep talk on his talk show.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18461240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461240" title="William John Howey">
William John Howey

William John Howey (January 19, 1876 - June 7, 1938) was a Florida real-estate developer, citrus grower and Republican politician. He founded and served as mayor for the town of Howey-in-the-Hills, Florida. He developed and sold citrus groves, becoming one of Florida's greatest citrus developers. He opened Florida's first citrus juice plant. He ran twice for governor. A former home near Lake Wales, Florida became the site of Florida's Bok Tower at the Bok Tower Gardens.
Early life.
Howey was born in Odin, Illinois on January 19, 1876. His father was United Brethren minister named William Henry Howey. His mother was Mathilda Harris Howey. He attended the public schools. At age 16, he became a life insurance salesman. Sometime around 1900, he developed real estate in Oklahoma. He briefly tried manufacturing automobiles in Kansas City, but returned to real estate in 1905. He sold pineapple plantations near Perez, Mexico until the political situation became unfavorable in 1907.
Florida citrus grower and developer.
He then moved to Florida near Winter Haven, where he sold citrus groves near what are now Dundee, Lake Hamilton and Star Lake. After a time, he moved his operations to Lake County, Florida at the behest of Lake County Sheriff Balton A. Cassidy and Harry Duncan. By 1920, he held . He purchased land for about $10.00 an acre, developed it into citrus groves, and resold it for $800 to $2000 an acre. If the buyer purchased a maintenance contract, Howey guaranteed the investment plus interest within certain time constraints. In 1917, he opened the Bougainvillea Hotel to house potential investors, and in 1924 he replaced it with the Hotel Floridian on Little Lake Harris.
In 1925, Howey-in-the-Hills was incorporated and Howey became its mayor. That same year, he built the Mediterranean Revival mansion known as Howey House in the town. Howey's businesses continued to do well, both selling citrus from his holdings and selling groves to investors. He opened the state's first plant to bottle citrus juice in 1926. He was one of the first to pasteurize fruit juice and experimented with large scale vacuum storage of fruit. Later that year, the Florida land boom collapsed. Although sales plummeted, his companies continued to make a profit. However, the stock market collapse in 1929, the discovery of the Mediterranean fruit fly and hurricanes in the later 1920s heralded the decline of his businesses. His land sales and citrus holdings eventually lost money during the Depression. After his death, the Supreme Court deemed his real estate sales/maintenance contracts illegal as an "unregistered security."
Political career.
In 1928, he and his political associates sought to make the Florida Republican Party more attractive to white voters. The "lily white" Republicans nominated Howey to run for Governor in 1928. His platform included reducing taxes and cutting government expenses. He accused the Democrats of institutional corruption, mismanagement, and maintaining a one-party political system in Florida. He also counted on riding Herbert Hoover's coattails into office and hoped to win support from "Hoovercrats," Florida Democrats who were unhappy with Democratic presidential nominee Al Smith. Republicans adopted the slogan, "Hoover, Howey, and Happiness." His best efforts, however came to nought, and he lost by a landslide to Doyle Carlton.
After the 1928 elections, Howey was the most well known Republican politician in Florida. He continued to serve as Howey-in-the-Hills's mayor until 1936. In 1930, he was one of few Republican Floridians to hold elected office, and he attempted unsuccessfully in 1930 to secure control of his fractured party. In 1932, he was drafted to run for governor against David Sholtz. His platform was largely the same as in 1928 with the addition of a plank that sought an elimination of the poll tax, a lynch pin in the disenfranchisement of African-American voters. This bid for office was also unsuccessful, as he lacked a cohesive Republican party, was unable to appeal to white voters, and faced a unified Democratic party and a deepening Depression. 
Howey was an Elk and a member of the Knights of Pythias. He served as a director of the Florida Citrus Exchange and was a member of the State Chamber of Commerce. On April 14, 1914, he married Mary Grace Hastings. They had two children. Howey died on June 7, 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="18461255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461255" title="Electoral district of Gilles">
Electoral district of Gilles

Gilles was an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia from 1970 to 1993.
Gilles was abolished in a boundary redistribution in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18461257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461257" title="List of football stadiums in Germany">
List of football stadiums in Germany

The following is a list of football stadiums in Germany, ordered by total capacity (standing and seated). Currently all stadiums with a capacity of 20,000 or more are included.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18461267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461267" title="Ehinomen Ehikhamenor">
Ehinomen Ehikhamenor

Ehinomen Ehikhamenor, (born 1 April 1980 in Benin City) is a professional boxer from Nigeria (and currently resides in Queens, New York) who fights in the cruiserweight division.
Professional career.
Ehikhamenor turned professional in February 2004 at the Mohegan Sun Casino, Connecticut, United States. In his debut Ehikhamenor defeated American Anthony Riddick by way of a first round knockout.
Contender.
Ehinomen was a contestant on the 4th season of The Contender filmed in Singapore. On 7 January 2009 he won his first round fight with a five round points victory over experience Darnell Wilson. After winning two more fights beating Deon Elam in the quarters and Rico Hoye in the semi-final, Ehikhamenor secured a spot in the championship match, in which he will battle Troy Amos-Ross.
Ehikhamenor lost to Troy Ross in The Contender championship bout.

</doc>
<doc id="18461281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461281" title="Abdel Karim Obeid">
Abdel Karim Obeid

Abdel Karim Obeid (; ) is a Sheikh and Imam of the village of Jibchit in south Lebanon, high-place of Lebanese Shiism.
Life.
Regarded as the spiritual leader and soldier of the 'Islamic Amal' (no relation with the similarly named secular Resistance movement Amal, except for both catered to the Lebanese shia community) in the south of Tyre, close to Hizballah and related to the operations of capturing western hostages since 1982. He was captured on 28 July 1989 by nearly 25 Israeli commandos in the village, Jibchit. Danny Abdalla, a Lebanese criminal living in Denmark, who also admitted to having killed Ragheb Harb on behalf of the Israelis, claimed to have participated in the kidnapping of Abdul Karim Obeyd. As a result, Hizbollah put Abdalla on their death list, and he is wanted in Lebanon. Obeid was a long time held prisoner in Israel in the famous prison 1391, near the green line, and later transferred to the Ashmoret penitentiary, located near Kfar Yona, north of Tel Aviv.
In exchange of its release, Israel required information on the fate of the navigator Ron Arad (crashed in Southern Lebanon in October 1986) at first, and later on for the bodies of the three soldiers abducted by Hizballah in October 2000 at the Israeli-Lebanese border and for an Israeli business man captured at the same time elsewhere.
He was released in January 2004 with twenty other Lebanese prisoners, 400 Palestinian prisoners and a number of other nationals, as part of a deal to get the abducted soldiers and civilians back. He thanked Hizballah and Iranian leaders for acting for his release 

</doc>
<doc id="18461284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461284" title="Miss China Europe Pageant">
Miss China Europe Pageant

Miss China Europe Pageant (Chinese: 歐洲華裔小姐競選), or MCE for short, is an annual beauty pageant organized by OrienTouch Entertainment that selects Europe's representative for the annual Miss Chinese International Pageant that is held in Hong Kong, organized by TVB. 
With auditions and pre-selections in the Netherlands, United Kingdom, France, Germany and Italy, there are 12 delegates selected for the finals held in the Netherlands.
With the support of TVBS-Europe, the finals of the Miss China Europe Pageant is broadcast in 48 European countries.
History and evolution.
The pageant went through several name changes and expansions originating in 2000 as the Miss China the Netherlands Pageant (Chinese: 荷蘭華裔小姐競選) with delegates strictly from the Netherlands. It then expanded to be the Miss China Benelux Pageant (Chinese: 荷比盧華裔小姐競選) including residents of the Netherlands, Belgium and Luxembourg in 2002. In 2003, residents of Germany were also included and the name changed again to Miss China Benelux & Germany Pageant 2003 (Chinese: 荷比盧德華裔小姐競選). Finally, in 2004, the event has grown to become Europe’s biggest Asian beauty pageant, and its name became the current Miss China Europe Pageant. All delegates be of at least partial Chinese descent and be between the ages of 18 to 27. The pageant is held at the Holland Casino during the Mid-Autumn festival of every year.
Past pageant results.
The pageant was not held in 2010 due to the 2010 Miss Chinese International Pageant being delayed.
2010.
No Pageant. There was no Miss Chinese International Pageant in 2011.
2011.
No Pageant. MCE sent Roro Chen, the first runner-up of MCE 2009 to the Miss Chinese International Pageant 2012.
MCE success in Miss Chinese International Pageant.
The following is a list of MCE contestants who have competed at the Miss Chinese International Pageant. MCE competed from 2002 onwards, every year except 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18461293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461293" title="Goran Vučević">
Goran Vučević

Goran Vučević (born 18 May 1971) is a Croatian retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.
Football career.
Born in Split, Croatia, Vučević started his career at local HNK Hajduk, where he became a key player at only 18, eventually winning the 1992 Sportske novosti Yellow Shirt award, issued to the best footballer playing in the Croatian League at the end of every season.
Afterwards, Vučević was bought by Johan Cruyff's FC Barcelona but, during his five-year stay, he could never break into the first team, which also featured – as the clubs in Spain were not allowed to field more than three foreign players at the same time – Ronald Koeman, Michael Laudrup, Hristo Stoichkov, Romário, Gheorghe Hagi or Luís Figo.
After two loans, first loaned to his former club then CP Mérida, the latter also in La Liga, Vučević was finally sold in the 1997 summer, to 1. FC Köln. He also struggled immensely in Germany, playing very rarely, including when the club was in the second division. In 1999, he returned for a third spell with Hajduk, retiring after two unassuming years.
During one year, starting in 1992, Vučević played four times for the Croatian national team, scoring no goals. From 2005–08, he accumulated the tasks of assistant with the main squad and youth coach, taking the first-team's reins in May 2008, but resigning in October, after which he returned to the youth system.

</doc>
<doc id="18461298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461298" title="Asrate Medhin Kassa">
Asrate Medhin Kassa

"Leul" "Ras" (Prince) Aserate Kasa (also Aserate Kassa, Asrate Kassa and Aserate-Medhin Kassa) GCVO (30 April 1922 – 23 November 1974) was an army commander and a member of the nobility of the Ethiopian Empire. He was the fourth son of "Ras" Kassa Haile Darge, and his wife Princess ("Le'ilt") Tsige Mariam Beshah. Prince Aserate Kassa was married to ("Le'ilt") Zuriashwork Gebre-Igziabiher, daughter of Jantirar Gebre-Igziabiher, and granddaughter of Empress Menen Asfaw consort of Emperor Haile Selassie I. Prince Aserate Kassa was the head of the Selalle sub-branch of the Shewan branch of Ethiopia's Imperial Solomonic Dynasty
Life.
Over the years Haile Selassie I ruled Ethiopia, Aserate held several positions including Governor of Arsi, and of Shewa. In 1964, he was appointed Viceroy of Eritrea. His chief rival was Prime Minister Aklilu Habte-Wold. The rivalry between the two prominent figures was caused by the suspicions between the conservative court faction made up largely but not exclusively of the nobility and church hierarchy, and led by Prince Aserate, and the faction of reformers led by the commoner technocrats led by the Prime Minister and officials largely of humble birth that owed their education and appointment to positions of power to the Emperor. 
In 1966, Aserate Kassa was raised from "Dejazmach" to "Ras". His elevation followed the death of his father "Leul Ras" Kassa, and his assumption of the headship of the Selalle line of the dynasty.
"Ras" Aserate struggled with the growing unrest in Eritrea. One part of his response was to create two armed groups under his direct control and funding: a commando force made primarily of Christian Eritreans and trained by the Israelis, and an Eritrean security force. The other part was to engage in discrete negotiations in hope of reconciling most of the populace based on appeals to shared highland Christian heritage. However, growing violence by the rebels enabled Aklilu Habte-Wold to undercut his authority and encourage the army to take harsher measures. By 1968 the rebels were fighting pitched battles against Ethiopian military forces. Israeli advisors failed to effectively control the tendency of Ethiopian commanders to use brutal tactics, which drove civilians to seek protection from the rebels. Only with difficulty did "Ras" Asrate dissuade Emperor Haile Selassie from listening to Aklilu and his generals and declare martial law in Eritrea in early 1970. Nevertheless, the Emperor authorized major military campaigns which not only failed to defeat the insurgents but the death of the commanding general. Aklilu's faction was able to convince the Emperor to recall "Ras" Aserate, declare martial law in Eritrea, and appoint General Debebe Haile Mariam military governor.
Despite this loss of prestige, Haile Selassie selected "Ras" Aserate in July 1971 as President of the Crown Council, to rejuvenate that body and oversee an orderly transfer of power on Haile Selassie's death to his designated successor, Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen. When the Emperor was deposed and the Derg took power, Aserate Kassa was imprisoned and later executed along with sixty other imperial officials on November 23, 1974. His widow Princess Zuriashwork endured 14 years of harsh imprisonment before being released with the other women of the Imperial dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="18461323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461323" title="Lin Junsheng">
Lin Junsheng

Lin Junsheng () is a Hong Kong football player. His usual positions are centre-back and right-back.
He joined South China before the 2008-2009 season and was subsequently loaned to TSW Pegasus. Unfortunately, he was released by TSW Pegasus at the end of 2008-2009 season.
Career statistics.
"As of 11 September 2009"

</doc>
<doc id="18461334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461334" title="Duke of Vila Real">
Duke of Vila Real

Duke of Vila Real (in Portuguese "Duque de Vila Real") was a Portuguese title of nobility created by royal decree, dated from February 28, 1585, by King Philip I of Portugal (also known as Philip II of Spain), and granted to "Dom" Manuel de Menezes, 5th Marquis of Vila Real and 7th Count of Vila Real.
The title was granted by the King in one life, to the 5th Marquis of Vila Real, due his personal support to the Spanish Habsburgs during the 1580 Portuguese succession crisis.
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil" – Vol. III, pages 523/528. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989. 

</doc>
<doc id="18461354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461354" title="Harald Grieg">
Harald Grieg

Harald Grieg (1894–1972) was a Norwegian publisher.
He was a relative of Norwegian composer Edvard Grieg. Harald's brother Nordahl Grieg was a writer and an active member of the Norwegian Armed Forces in exile during the Second World War. However, Harald's own relationship with the resistance was rather more ambivalent, rendering publishing services to the Germans during their occupation of Norway.
Grieg had been director of the publishing house Gyldendal Norsk Forlag since 1925. Starting in 1940, the Nazi occupation authorities used Gylendal to publish its propaganda material. Noted novelist Knut Hamsun (a friend of Grieg's) was heavily involved in the propaganda project.
Grieg was also chairman of the board of Nationaltheatret. In June 1941 the board rejected subordination under the so-called Ministry of Culture and Enlightenment. This provoked the authorities, and Grieg, board member Francis Bull and theatre director Johannes Sejersted Bødtker were arrested. Grieg was incarcerated at Grini concentration camp, but was later released. Knut Hamsun's son Tore Hamsun was installed as acting director of Gyldendal publishing house.
After the war's end, in 1945, Harald Grieg returned to his old post and remained director until 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="18461377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461377" title="Duncan MacMillan High School">
Duncan MacMillan High School

Duncan MacMillan High School (DMHS) is a secondary school in Sheet Harbour, Nova Scotia, Canada. 
Duncan MacMillan is the smallest high school in the Halifax Regional School Board, but it has the largest geographical area for bussing. Duncan MacMillan hosts Grades 7–12 and has about 251–263 students. The school has three feeder schools: Sheet Harbour Consolidated School, Eastern Shore Consolidated School in Moser River and Lakefront Consolidated School in Tangier. As of 2011–12 the Administrative team consisted of Principal Marion (Molly) Gammon, Vice Principal Aaron Verge and Registrar/Guidance Counsellor Alana Hogg. In addition there are approximately twenty teaching staff and three educational support personnel. Although DMHS is small in population it does provide the courses necessary for any post-secondary program. Throughout both the junior high and senior high there is a continuing option for students to follow the Integrated French program in which French Language Arts and one other subject are presented in French, with the remaining courses being taught in English. In addition to the services provided directly by the Halifax Regional School Board, DMHS is also provided service by the Capital District Health Authority via a very active Youth Health Centre under the coordination of Darlene Rasmussen, RN, and via a youth social worker who serves DMHS and its feeder schools.
As of 2011 the HRSB had unveiled a plan that would eventually see all of the DMHS feeder schools closed, the present DMHS building vacated and possibly demolished, and in their place a single new school serving Grades Primary to 12 would be built.
History.
The school officially was opened on the night of November 22, 1963, the same night John Kennedy was assassinated. It was named after Duncan MacMillan, a Sheet Harbour doctor who sparked the interest in building the Sheet Harbour hospital: Eastern Shore Memorial Hospital.
When Duncan MacMillan High School was opened on September 18, 1963, there were 21 teachers. In the old high school they had 12 staff members, but with students coming in from Moser River and Tangier area they needed to increase the staff.

</doc>
<doc id="18461382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461382" title="Armand Dayot">
Armand Dayot

Armand Dayot, (1851 - 1934), was a French art critic, art historian and leftist politician. He was born in Paimpol, Côtes-d'Armor, Brittany. He founded the journal "L'Art et les artistes" and the Breton liberal organisation les Bleus de Bretagne.
He became successively the head of the prefecture of Oran, head of the Ministry of Arts in the cabinet of Léon Gambetta, and inspector general of the Ministry of Fine Arts.
In Brittany he was the principal force behind the Bleus de Bretagne, which promoted modern pro-liberal thought in the province. Dayot's principal contribution was to organise the creation of statues to revolutionaries and freethinkers.
Dayot's thinking on the relationship between the arts and politics was deeply influenced by the work of John Ruskin and William Morris.

</doc>
<doc id="18461396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461396" title="19th Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron">
19th Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron

The 19th Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron (1942–1970) is an inactive United States Air Force unit. During World War II and the Cold War; its primary mission was aerial reconnaissance and photo mapping, it subsequently carried out electronic warfare missions during the Vietnam War.
History.
World War II.
The 19th Photographic Mapping Squadron was activated at Colorado Springs AAF on July 14, 1942 as part of the 4th Reconnaissance Group. It was equipped with F-4 Lightnings (P-38Es), the group trained for overseas duty.
Reassigned to the 1st Photographic Group, the squadron transferred to Bradley Field, Connecticut. It deployed to Mexico to perform photographic mapping over Central and South America with long range F-9 and F-7 (B-17F/B-24D) aircraft. It also performed photographic mapping of the United States while assigned to the 11th Photographic Group.
Reassigned to the 311th Reconnaissance Wing, the squadron moved overseas, being attached to the Royal Air Force. It was first deployed to Africa, the squadron photographed airfields and created maps of western and central Africa in support of Air Transport Command, developing logistical supply routes across the dark continent. It was later assigned to Egypt, mapping the Middle East with long-range aircraft including some Navy PBY-5s (OA-10)s, photographing airfields, coastal defenses and ports.
Reassigned to England in April 1945, the squadron took bomb-damage assessment photographs of airfields, marshalling yards, bridges and other targets. It remained in the theater after combat ended, performing photo-mapping of Western Europe.
It was inactivated at Foggia Airfield, Italy in December 1945.
Postwar Years.
It was activated in the reserve at Newark Airport, New Jersey as part of the 66th Tactical Reconnaissance Group in November 1947. Equipped with RB-26Cs, it performed night photographic missions until being inactivated in June 1949.
Cold War.
The 19th was reactivated at Shaw AFB, South Carolina in July 1953 as the 19th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron, assigned to the Tactical Air Command, part of the Ninth Air Force. It was attached to the 363d Tactical Reconnaissance Wing, equipped with RB-26Cs. It trained in the United States until it was deployed to RAF Sculthorpe, England in May 1954. It was assigned to the USAFE (United States Air Force in Europe)'s Third Air Force and attached to the 47th Tactical Bombardment Wing. It re-equipped with RB-45C Tornado jets and performed tactical reconnaissance and photo-mapping missions over Western Europe and North Africa. It also conducted classified deep penetration and reconnaissance flights over the Soviet Union.
The squadron upgraded to RB-66B Destroyers and replaced the obsolescent RB-45s in 1957. It became the primary night photographic reconnaissance squadron of the USAFE, being assigned to bases in West Germany, England and France. It returned to the United States after the French withdrawal from the NATO military alliance in 1966 and became a replacement training unit for RB-66 aircrews.
In 1968, the squadron was re-equipped with EB-66C electronic countermeasures aircraft. The reconnaissance equipment was removed and replaced by electronic jamming equipment. The tail turret was also removed, automatic jamming equipment was fitted in its place. Numerous antennae protruded from the aircraft, and chaff dispensing pods were carried. Redesignated the 19th Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron and deployed to the Pacific Air Forces (PACAF), it was assigned to the 18 TFW first in Japan, later in Okinawa. The unit flew missions over North Vietnam as electronic warfare aircraft, joining strike missions to jam enemy radar installations.
The squadron was inactivated in 1970 at Kadena AB, Okinawa as part of the draw-down of USAF forces in Southeast Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="18461399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461399" title="Naseem Kharal">
Naseem Kharal

Naseem Ahmed Kharal ()(June 29, 1939 - July 14, 1978) was a Sindhi short story writer. He was born on June 29, 1939, in Kharalabad, Khairpur District, in what subsequently became Pakistan.
Personal life.
Son of Abdul Kareem Kharal from District Khairpur, who was a landlord, Naseem was the eldest of all the seven siblings, four brothers and two sisters. He married his cousin, a daughter of Abdul Raheem Kharal, Chief Justice of Khairpur Mir's, and has four children.
He gained a Bachelor of Arts and a law degree and became a landlord. Although a qualified lawyer, he never practiced law and stuck to his roots of agriculture. His famous work includes "Pahrein Murad", "Kafir", "34 dar" and his published books are "Shabnam Shabnam Kanwal Kanwal" (1966), "Akhyoon Arsiyoon" (1968), "Khirnda Khatinhar", "Chotihoon Dar" (1973) and "Dummy".
Mustafa Husain Kalhoro Taagrraai wrote in his book "The History of Rippi" that Kharal was the first person from the Ripri area to write short sindhi stories.
He died on July 14, 1978 in Khairpur.

</doc>
<doc id="18461487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461487" title="Campbell Ogilvie">
Campbell Ogilvie

Campbell Ogilvie (born 1950 or 1951) is the President of the Scottish Football Association and the former managing director of Scottish Premier League football club Heart of Midlothian.
Ogilvie was appointed assistant secretary of the Scottish Football League. In 1978, he was hired as general secretary at Rangers F.C. and later became a director of that club. Ogilvie relinquished his executive duties at Ibrox Stadium in September 2005, following a boardroom re-shuffle.
Ogilvie joined Heart of Midlothian in November 2005 to undertake similar duties under the title "Operations Director". Ogilvie was later promoted to managing director on 14 March 2008. Oglivie held 3505 shares in Rangers FC while a senior manager at Hearts.
In June 2003, Ogilvie became the treasurer, now second vice-president, of the Scottish Football Association (SFA). On 1 June 2007, Ogilvie became first vice-president of the SFA, with Alan McRae taking his place as second vice-president. On 8 June 2011 it was confirmed that Ogilvie would take up the presidency of the Scottish Football Association, succeeding George Peat.
In March 2012 Ogilvie admitted to being a member of the Employee Benefit Trust scheme run at Rangers when he was a Director of Rangers as well as the treasurer of the Scottish Football Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18461492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461492" title="Scotts">
Scotts

Scotts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18461506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461506" title="Kfar Gidon">
Kfar Gidon

Kfar Gidon (, "lit." Gideon Village) is a moshav in northern Israel. Located near Afula, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 221.
The moshav was founded in 1923 by immigrants from Transylvania who were members of Hapoel HaMizrachi, and was named after the Biblical figure of Gideon, who worked in the area (Judges 7:1).
In 1956 it split in two co-operative societies; Kfar Gidon (ultra-orthodox) and Talmei Gidon (traditional/secular). However, as a result of reforms in the regional council, the village returned to having one administration. 

</doc>
<doc id="18461508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461508" title="Organización Primero de Marzo">
Organización Primero de Marzo

The First Of March Organization (Organizacion Primero de Marzo) (OPM) was a clandestine movement created in Paraguay in the mid 70’s to fight General Alfredo Stroessner’s dictatorship. It was the most serious attempt at creating an armed resistance to the dictator’s repressive government. Even though the organization was discovered before it was capable of attacking in the government in any way, the wave of repression which followed the discovery was enormous. During that period of repression, several leaders of the organization were captured, tortured and then executed, but the violence also extended to many regions of the country, affecting several agrarian movements and agrarian workers that had nothing to do with the OPM.
Historical context.
Ruling the country since 1954, Stroessner had already avoided the few attempts of assassinate him in the past and had dealt with every single one of the opposition who represented a menace to him. During the 70’s, the country was in a period of economic growth, due to the construction of the hydroelectric Itaipu dam, on the Paraná River, on the border with Brazil, and also thanks to the exportation of soya and cotton.
Da Costa, the leader.
Juan Carlos Da Costa, who had been active in student movements and had collaborated in some literary magazines, was the main leader and the one who came up with the idea of creating a revolutionary clandestine movement.
Da Costa was used to moving around, having visited Santiago de Chile and Corrientes where he met several leaders of the Argentine movement Montoneros. More than a thousand Paraguayans were studying in Corrientes at the time. Da Costa began making contact with some of the student’s leaders that were anxious to return to Paraguay to make the revolution through the means of violence due to the lack of political rights and the apathy of the traditional parties of the opposition.
The development of the organization.
In Asunción, the organization grew quickly through the student movements in the university, mainly through the Independent Movement. Most of the students of the Independent Movement would join the OPM later on. The Student Group, a clandestine organization of college students and high school students, with a similar structure of the Montoneros, was created by the OPM.
Later on, the organization would extend to the rural areas, where the Agrarian Christian Leagues were the main agrarian organizations of the country.
In 1975, the National Conduction of the OPM was integrated by Juan Carlos Da Costa, his couple, Nidia González Talavera and the agrarian leader Constantino Coronel.
The political proposition of the organization was based in a mutual cooperation between the proletariat and the agrarian workers, and the construction of a party with a Marxist-Leninist ideology, but the definition of the political view of the organization was too unclear yet.
In fact, the OPM never reached the level of organization that Da Costa desired. The military training was far too poor and the level of security too. Actually, the OPM had, approximately 400 members in 1976. Most of these members didn’t have a political or military background and just a few of them had the power to make decisions.
Carlos Brañas.
On April 3, 1976, Carlos Brañas, a Paraguayan medicine student of Corrientes, is caught when he enters Paraguay through the Paraná River in a boat. He brought with him a bunch of the organization’s papers, including the clandestine magazine of the organization. Through his detention, the police found out the existence of the clandestine organization and began the investigation that would lead to the imprisonment and the execution of most of the OPM members, including Juan Carlos Da Costa.
The night of April 4, a police brigade broke into Mario Schaerer Prono’s house, an OPM member.
After a brief shooting where Juan Carlos Da Costa first shot Alberto Cantero, the police chief and a powerful man at the time, and then the police killed Da Costa. Mario Schaerer Prono and his wife Guillermina Kannonnikoff managed to escape through the backyard of the house and hid in the school San Cristóbal, where they both taught. Short time after, the police found both of them. Mario was tortured to death.
Painful Easter.
The repression continued and in the next days the police would imprison hundreds of agrarian workers. Some of the victims of the repression had nothing to do with the OPM, but lived near the areas where the OPM worked. The press call the repression, "the Painful Easter", due to the time where it took place, Easter.
The repression did not affect only the OPM. The Police took advantage of the episode to hit persons and institutions that were not linked to the organization but that were considered to be hostile by the regime. Most of the prisoners the police took during the repression were liberated in the days, weeks or following months. Almost all of them suffered tortures. This is undoubtedly the most important repressive episode of Stroessner's dictatorship.

</doc>
<doc id="18461543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461543" title="Duke of Beja">
Duke of Beja

Duke of Beja (in Portuguese "Duque de Beja") was an aristocratic Portuguese title and royal dukedom, associated with the Portuguese Royal House.
See also.
List of Portuguese Dukedoms
Bibliography.
"Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil" – Vol. II, pages 409/410. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989. 

</doc>
<doc id="18461545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461545" title="Willamette Falls Community Hospital Heliport">
Willamette Falls Community Hospital Heliport

Willamette Falls Community Hospital Heliport is a private heliport located north of Oregon City in Clackamas County, Oregon, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18461608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461608" title="Lai people">
Lai people

Strictly speaking, Lai are the people belonging to the Lai Autonomous District Council of Mizoram, North-East India. From a historical point of view, Lai is a dominant tribe of the so-called Chin-Kuki–Lushai, the community is scattered in different parts of the world, mainly concentrating in Mizoram, Chin Hills of Burma, South Bangladesh (identified as Bawm), Manipur, etc.
Demography.
Total population is around 1,700,000 in 1991. Lai is an ethnic identity to call all the tribes of Chins, the Pawis, the Bawms, etc.
Ethnic origin.
Lai (Pawi) who are living in the Lai Autonomous District of Mizoram are but a segment community of the much larger Lai (Hakha) population of Burma and elsewhere to whom whatever name may be given. Regarding their origin, they share common ancestry with those of any mongoloid race in the NEI. Further back, a historic tradition has it that Lai were a people who had once lived in China. They migrated through the Tibetan mountains moving further towards the East to become a major tribal group in the Chin Hills of Burma from where same few came the to present habitat (Mizoram) in the beginning of the 18th century or earlier. 
Historians and anthropologists are of the opinion that the Lai community belongs to Tibeto-Burman of the Mongoloid stock. Their language is related to Tibeto-Chinese. A philologist, G.A. Grierson, who has made an extensive and comprehensive linguistic survey in India and Burma, did classify the Tibeto-Burman families into four groups, namely, Northern China, Central Chins, Old Kukis and Southern Chins.¹ So far, there is no rival opinion against the argument that the Lai are non other than the Mongoloid stock. However, the Lai people have been given various names in different places, Chin or Halkha in Burma, Zo or Laizo in different places in India, Bangladesh and elsewhere, Pawi or Mizo in Mizoram. 
The term Chin or Zo or Laizo or Mizo is a genetic name that is used to denote a group communities who claimed themselves Kuki-Chin-Mizo Group or Zo (Mizo) Hnahthlak, in a modern saying. To support this argument I invite the British's records, 
The word Chin is generally used by the Burmese to denote the various tribes inhabiting the country of the Lushai hills. They do not recognized themselves the name Chin, but call themselves Zo or Yo in the North and Lai in the centre.
A.S. Reid, a medical officer-in-charge in the British Military Service in India, had made a similar remark relating to this issue as, "Chin is a Burmese term .…. . The Hakha called themselves Lai," À. The word Chin is a generic term and is used to denote the Lai and their kin. The Lai also called Zo or Yo in some places as Vumson, an outstanding researcher from Zo community says, "The Pawi (Lai) themselves do not call themselves Pawi but Lai, which and for all the Zo people."
The above quoted statement tells that the Lai can never be the sub-tribe of Zo, rather the main tree of the kin. 
The Lai people call themselves 'Lai' or 'Laimi' (people of Lai) or 'Laifa' (children of Lai) since time immemorial. Maj. J. Shakespeare (1887–1905), the first superintendent of the then Lushai Hills, is cited to have said that the people whom he knew as Shendhu, Chin, Kuki, Naga etc. did not know themselves by such names. Similarly, the people of Chin Hills did not know that they were "Pawi", a name probably given by the Luseis. James Herbert Lorrain, an English missionary, makes no mention of the collective noun 'Lai' in his Lushai-English Dictionary. Instead, he renders 'Pawi' to demote all tribes such as Chins, "Lakhers" (Mara) and Fanai etc. "who do not wear their hair knot at the back of the head as the Lushai do". 
For more than a century, the Lai were known as Pawi in Mizoram and elsewhere. It is difficult to trace the exact date when the Lai were called Pawi, what happened and why they were called so. One thing is clear, that the Lai were never called Pawi in their history till they entered Mizoram. It is probable that the Lai might have been named Pawi soon after they entered Mizoram. However, census report of India 1901 shows that the term Pawi already existed in Mizoram with a population of 15. 
Population of the Lushai Hills in 1901:
According to oral tradition of the Lai, the term Pawi was given to the Lai people, since the Lai youngman claimed himself pawite during the war between the North and the South Mizoram (most probably in 1800–1900). It is said that the Lushai believed that the Lai claimed themselves to be pawi because of their hair knot on their forehead. Therefore, whoever keeps the same hair style was called Pawi. Even the Punjabi, who knot their hair on their forehead, was also called Vai Pawi at one time in Mizoram.Œ In this case, the Pawi seemed to be named after their hair style, but the term Pawite literally means leopard in Lai language. It is therefore probable that the term Pawi was not given to the Lai after their hair style; rather they were recognized from their hairstyle. 
The Lai are also believed to be the main tree of the Chin Dynasty. The Bible which is commonly used in Chin Hills is called the Lai-Hoka Bible. It is also said that the word Shendoo or Shendu, which was frequently used to denote the Lakher (Mara) in the Britisher's record, were said to be the offspring of Lai. F. Chhawnmanga, a retired District Adult Education Officer, under the State Government of Mizoram, who has conducted an extensive personal interview with some chiefs of Lakher, tells. 
The Lakher chief Mr. Kilkhara of Saiha and Tawngliana of Serkawr Villages were the descendants of Lianchi and Alkheng respectively of Hlawnchhing family of Haha. They spoke Lai language. However, after coming down to Mizoram, their names were translated into Lakher dialect and Themselves Kikhaw and Thylai. 
The above arguments seem to be supported by the statement of Vumson, thus: 
"The Lakher (Mara) are the branch of Lai tribe and speak a language closely related to Lai. They are the same people as Shendoo to whom Col. Lewin made constant reference in his various works and are still called Shendoo by the Arakanis." 
There are many common clan names like Hlawnchhing, Chinzah, Khenglawt, Thianhlun, etc. which are found between the Lai and Maras. This is an incation of the fact that Lai and Mara are one and the same people.
Apart from the above mentioned groups, there are other linguistic groups that were found to have the same culture and customs, speak similar language with the Lai. These groups do qualify for Lai in terms of social, cultural and linguistic. Those groups are Bom and Tlanglau living in the western part of Mizoram and Bangladesh.
Historical origin.
The Lai historical researchers proposed three main sources, such as, Biblical theory, deluge theory and Chhinlung theory. The first two theories are found non-analytical and needed much more sufficient research, therefore seem to be less convincing. Despite the fact that the third theory is considered more reliable to trace on origin of Lai. As a result this work is based upon it. 
Peoples of every group of Mizo language families have the same tradition that all are originated from Chhinlung. Tradition ascribe that the Lais originally came out of 'Chhinlung', not a mythical rock as said by some, but a hole in the ground covered with a stone, in the east of the Shan State, in the Falam Sub-Division of the Chin Hills District in Burma. It was believed that Lai tribes originate from somewhere in China. Chindwin Valley and the Chin Hills and finally came to the present Lairam. The areas inhabited by the Lai are contiguous to one another although they are at present in different administrative units. Their concept of Chhinlung is something like a cave from which all of the Mizo language family came out. The tradition goes that the progenitors of the Lai came out of the cave that was believed to be somewhere in Northern China, or between China and Tibet. The limitation of this theory is that human came out of the cave is biologically impossible. Therefore, the modern historians are of the opinion that the Chhinlung from where the Lai people came out could be the Great Wall of China, which was built during the reign of the Prince Chung called Chin shih Hwangti. He started to reign in China in B.C. 221, and the construction of the Great Wall of China was started in B.C. 214. Therefore, the Lai and all other Mizo language family were believed to have come out of the Great Wall of China due to heavy workload that was beyond their ability to bear. Hence, they made their way towards Burma and North East India where they settled down till today. 
Basing on the history of China, written by Wan Shu Tang in 1955, Hniarkio, a research scholar from the Chin Hills, or Burma says:
""The Lai, with other groups of peoples like Mioo, Yoa, Tung, Chouli, Kualo, Leng, etc. lived in China.""
Hniarkio further tells that the archaeological evidence which was unearthed in 1974 proved that the Lai people served the King Shis Hwangti as the guards and as a defence service. The statues of the guards found in the King's compound who have knotted hair over their foreheads have shown this. For Hniakio except the Lai people were believed to have kept their hairstyle in China. This argument is in fact related to the above mentioned Chhinlung theory. Therefore, the Lai Original home could be somewhere in China. Among the Lai, there is also a belief that some of the Lai people still remain in China and nearby. Sangkkunga, a Medical Officer of the Lai community, who had been to Singapore in 1981 tells, 
""I have visited the Lai pharmacy in people's Park in Singapore. The owner of the pharmacy and his wife, both physicians are Lai and came from China."" 
He further tells that there are some Lai among the Chinese. 
This eyewitness is more convincing to lead us to believe that the Lai people came from China. This claim required much deeper study basing on cultural and linguistic dimensions. 
Chhuanawm Lahnim, a Lai by tribe and a learned man, has written an article basing on G. A. Grierson, a linguist and F. K. Lehman, an anthropologist. Grierson who had done a linguistic survey in India and Burma resolved that 'Lai' means 'middle' signifying that the Lais lived in the middle of Chin Hills. University of Illinois proposed that 'Lai' implies "Centre" or more appropriately 'intermediate'. From these explanations Lahnim infers that 'Lai' in its conceptual meaning, is "civilized" or "Superior" or "unprecedented". He further associates this meaning with the middle kingdom complex that had already been existed among the Chinese thousands of years ago. However, this will require deeper study for its affirmation .
Contrary to this opinion, B. Lalthangliana argues that it is impossible to link the history of the people in Mizoram with the Great Wall of China, as the age distance is too long. Any way, whether the tradition of Chhinlung is convincing or not the existence of Chhinlung seems to be true, that one of the Chinese has established a Restaurant continues to exist till today. So, the Chhinlung theory as well as an existence of Chhinlung in China in any form proved that the origin of the Lai, which is traced back to China, is possible. 
Relying on the work of M.G. Tetpyo, Customary Law of the Chin Tribes, 1884, Mr. Hengmanga, the then Historical Research Officer, under Lai Autonomous District Council, Lawngtlai, asserted that:
""The Lai people made their way from Northern China via Tibet to Burma through the Hukawng Valley. The approximate date when they crossed the Hukawng valley could be around 400 AD."" 
The Lai people might have spent some time at Kabaw and Khampat, where most of the Zo group were said to have once lived together for several years as Mangkhasat Kipgen, a research scholar from Manipur State has mentioned in his work, Christianity and Zo Culture, as, 
""The time spent in Khampat is regarded as one of the most glorious periods in Zo History. Most of the major clans, who now inhabit the Chin State of Burma, Mizoram, Manipur and Tripura are believed to have lived together there"
According to the legend handed down from generation to generation among the Lai, they traced back their origin to Lailum. This is situated in Chin Hills near Falam. Around this people, there were some Lai historical places like Chin Mual, Lai VA, and Lai Kulh. Chumawi argues that 
"These historical places proved that the Lai people have been living for some generations."
The Lai language becomes the Lingua Franca in Chin Hills. Nishipada Deva Choudhury, an Archeologist rightly says, 
""Lai bids fair to become the general means of communication in the Chin Hills"." 
In tracing out the origin of Lai, most of the Indian and British researchers could establish that the Lai people moved towards the north west along the Chindwin River, then settled down in the Chin Hills. The possible date of their settlement there, as suggested by F. K. Lehman, is 750 A.D. Haka, the present capital of the Chin Hills (Laitlang) State, was said to have founded by the young prince of Lai, Hluansang by name. Subsequently many places such as Thlantlang, Lungzarh, Khuafo, Sunthla, Thlanrawn etc. were founded in which the clans, Chinzah, Zathang, Hlawnchhing, Khenglawt, Hlawncheu, Zahau, Fanai etc. were found living there. After some generations, in an effort to stretch them out, they moved towards the north and west, crossing the River Boinu (Kaladan), and settled in Manipur, Bangladesh and Mizoram, where they live till today. The first group who left the Chin Hills in 1770 under the leadership of Vanhnuaitlira, the prince of Sunthla, moved towards the south west and settled down at Rengtlang, Chittagong Hill Tract, and Bangladesh. The migratory way to the next group is read in the Book of Pawi Chanchin, published by the Tribal Research Institution, Mizoram, thus, 
They crossed the River Tiau near Champhai and made their way in the Forest towards Bungzung. Then moved to North Vanlaiphai, Sangau, Lungtian from where they had spread in all different places in south Mizoram. 
After coming down to the present Mizoram, they occupied the whole eastern belt of Mizoram. Mr. L. Chinzah, a veteran political leader of Lai, has mentioned in his memorandum submitted to the Government of Assam, in 1970. The Memorandum reads. 
The entire eastern belt of the Mizo district, as far as the Tuichang River on the West and Champhai on the North, and the entire areas South of Lunglei are Pawi (Lai) territories. 
By examining available sources, oral or written, there is no rival opinion that the Lai came down from China through Burma as many people still live in Chin Hills. Then they came and settled down in South and Eastern belt of Mizoram, where they enjoy self-administration in the name of Lai Autonomous District Council, Lawngtlai, as its headquarters.
Distinctive Identity.
Lai culture.
Lai are the people of rich culture, customs and traditions distinct from that of their neighbours. Their cultural heritage include language, folk songs or folklore, moral and social ethics, legends, myth, festivals, dances etc. Their cultural values are well preserved in the form of archival system. (The Art and Culture Department of the Lai Autonomous District Council, Lawngtlai may be consulted in this regard)
Dances.
Rev. Th. Vanlalzauva gave a gist of some Lai popular dances in the following-
The ancient glory of the Lai culture has never been decaying as some might presume; it is alive and is flourishing today. This reality is expressed by the fact that some cultural dances of Lai origin have gained wide popularity and some them like Sarlamkai and Rawkhatlak (Bamboo dance) are often performed on national celebrations. However, most Lai dances are adopted and modified with the passage of time. Here is a gist of the selected dances to be performed at this time.
Ruakhatlak.
This article about Ruakkhatlak was originated in Chin State of Myanmar, Hakha Township, Dumva Village.
Conglaizonh.
The most admired dance almost analogous to the western rock or disco is this dance performed normally by a group of youngsters with proportionate male and female ratio. It has a great variety of rhythmic bits, among the Lai dance this dance particularly exhibits the glory and supremacy of Lai culture. In the olden days. Conglaizonh was performed on the day when a chief or a person of prominence died. It commemorates the achievement of the person either for his/her greatness or prowess. The ball is not to mourn, but to honour the deceased. It is a dance of homage.
Sarlamkai.
The most fiery-looking dance symbolizing the habitation of the Lai warriors, the known cruel headhunters is Sarlamkai, which is also known as Solakia to the Maras, a sub-tribe of the Lai. Hunting for head or wild animal was a favourite game as well as a way of building the social career. On killing their enemies the heads were carried home as trophy so that celebrations could take place. Traditions have something to say about the origination of this dance. This dance celebrates the victory of the hunters. Sarlaamkai not only demonstrates the bravery of the warrior, it assures the villagers of their security.
Pawhlohtlawh.
Among all others, this is perhaps the only dance which the Britishers who settled in the land used to enjoy. It is a Lai national dance. As a dance of delight and gaiety. Pawhlohtlawh is performed on any day of celebrations and social gatherings viz victorious ceremony, public feast, festival, marriage day, jubilee, carnival etc. this emotional dance conveys the spirit of freedom, peace and love. Its manner excites all, the performers and the onlookers. Pawhlo dance is luxurious and inviting and is a taste to everyone.
Autonomy.
The Lai people do qualify to seek a Regional or District Council in which they could protect their own customs and culture, and to develop their own language and ways of living. 
The Pawi-Lakher Company was developed into Chin Association and able to contact the Advisory Council known as Mizo Hills District Advisory Council in 1947. As the time passed by the political Development was in progress among the Lai. They determined to get a separate Regional Council along with the Mizo District Council, which was constituted for north Mizoram. 
In order to bring out their political will, The Pawi-Lakher Tribal Union was founded on 25 October 1949. The Principal aim and objective of the Union included the integration of the Lai and the Mara (Pawi-Lakher) into a single Administrative Unit, obtaining of a regional Council and safeguarding of their ethnic identities. 
The hard labour of the Pawi-Lakher Tribal Union and the Lai-Mara members of the Mizo District Council eventually paid off when the Pawi–Lakher Regional Council was constituted by the Government of Assam, under the Sixth Schedule, The Pawi–Lakher Autonomous Region Rules, 1952 was enacted The Council had 12 members, 9 elected by the people and 3 nominated by the Governor of Assam on the recommendation of the Chief Executive Member of the Council. The first Election of the Pawi-Lakher Regional Council was held in 1953. 
After some years of Administrative experience in the Regional Council, the leaders of Lai, Mara and Chakma felt the need to have separate District Council for each community in order to safeguard their respective Customs, Culture and language. Upon their constant demand, the Government granted to them separate three District Councils, for the Lai (Pawi), Mara (Lakher) and the Chakma, with Headquarters at Lawngtlai, Saiha and Chawngte respectively, on 2 April 1972. Meanwhile Union Territory was also constituted in Mizoram. The Pawi-Lakher Regional Council automatically dissolved. The newly created Pawi Autonomous District Council started functioning with effect from 29 April 1972, with 14 members strength of which 12 were elected by the people and 2 were nominated. 
Although the Lai never called themselves Pawi however, the Government recognized them as Pawi even before India's Independence. Since the Lai people were not happy to bear the name Pawi and sought to change the nomenclature into Lai, upon their request the Sixth Schedule to the Constitution of India Amendment Act 1988 (No 67 of 1988) changed the name Pawi to Lai. Subsequently the name of the District Council was changed to Lai Autonomous District Council on May, 1989. At present (2000–2001) The Lai Autonomous District Council has a strength of 27 members of which 23 are elected and 4 are nominated. 21 subjects have been granted by the Government with a recurring grant of Rs.255798,000 of which 71.5 million as Plan and 1542.98 as Non-Plan. Total amount of its revenue collection is Rs.2.2 million. 
Under the Lai Autonomous District Council ate there are six Towns and 81 Villages, and the total number of Families is 9020, with a total population of 51884. 
In the eve of India's Independence, in 1947 the British seemed to have been conscious of their past mistake of the 'divide and rule' and wanted to correct it by outlaying the plan to reintegrate the break-ups. 
It is recorded thus, "Under the constitution for the union of Burma drawn up in 1947 provision was made for the recognition of the special interest of the Chin people living in the tangle of forested hills between India and Burma". A proposal of the British was to establish a 'Crown Colony' to cover up the Lais inhabited area in the Arakan hills state with the object of building the Akyab to be the harbour capital city. However, this suggestion was vehemently opposed by a veteran politician by name Ch. Chaprawnga as it could mean the loss of an ethnic gravity of the Lusei community thereby weakening its supremecy over the other tribes. 
Since then, the politics of the Lushai hills was under the control of the Lusei community. The Luseism became a centrifugal magnet into which all other tribes like Hmar, paite, Ralte, Lai (Pawi and Lakher) have been gradually absorbed. As a political step forward for uniting all the tribes within Mizo district a political party called 'Mizo Union' was formed in 1946 under the leadership of Mr. R. Vanlawma. The rationale behind the Mizo politics was to submerge all the tribes into the mainstream of the Mizo. In the midst of oppositions and resistance from the Mizo, the Lais had struggled a lot to maintain their ethnic identity by initiating a series of political-ethographical movements. Certain political organizations based on the Lai ethnicity includes Pawi-Lakher company, Chin Association, Tribal Union in the late 40's and Chin National Front in 1965 and so on. The CNF was particularly aimed at "reuniting the Pawis". An instances of the opposition, Lais were resisted against their membership to the Mizo Advisory Council, the tribal union party being strongly opposed by the Mizo Union, and the CNF was jeopardised by the MNF which as formed on 22 October 1962. However, the Lais were granted a Regional Council in the name of Pawi Lakher on 23 April 1953, a year after the Mizo district council was accorded on 22 April 1952. When Mizoram was upgraded into Union Territory in 1972, the Lai, Mara and Chakma were also given each separate Autonomous District Councils.
The struggle of the Lai people for identity seems to be largely determined by the oppressive structure of the Mizo Nationalism. As Lais suffer the pain of separation from the major section of their own community their political dream always cherishes a spirit of integration with their own flesh and blood who are now drifted apart. So, the constituent Assembly accepted the proposal for District and Regional Councils, and it was brought into the Sixth Schedules to the Constitution of India. Lushai District Council was opened on 23 April 1952. Later it became Union Territory, and finally obtained its State-hood on 1986 as a "Government of Mizoram. During this period the Lai people were not being a silence listener and watcher. They became aware to the Politics, and would like to know more a bout the Sixth Scheduled, since they were a different tribe, they wanted to preserve their own culture and heritage. The first movement was started in the name of Pawi-Lakher Company, that is something like a commercial institution. However, the main reason behind the formation of this institution was to build the Lai (Pawi) and Mara (Lakher) political awareness and to draw unity between the two communities, since ethnically they are of the same family as mentioned earlier. This company brought back the scattered Lai people and it enable them to a concrete political party for the Lai community such as the Chin Association founded on 21 January 1947. 
The formation of Pawi-Lakher Company is the fact that has brought the Lai people to the knowledge of Government of Assam. 
After careful examination of the situation of Hill areas of Assam, as well as its political demand, the Cabinet Mission of the British Government in India discussed ways and means to protect the interests of the tribal people and the backward classed after India becomes Independence. As propounded by the Cabinet Mission an Advisory Committee was set up, and the Advisory Committee set up a sub- committee known as North Eastern Frontier Tribal and excluded Committee, to be headed by Gopinath Bardoloi, the Premier of Assam, as he was then known. The recommendation of this Sub-Committee (also known as Bardoloi Committee) thus resulted to constitute the so-called Sixth Schedule to the Constitution of India, in 1950. Under the articles 224 (2) and 275 (1) of Sixth of the Constitution of India, a special provision for the administration of Hills District of the present North East India was envisaged. The Constitution goes 

</doc>
<doc id="18461610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461610" title="National Sporting Goods Association">
National Sporting Goods Association

Summary.
The National Sporting Goods Association (NSGA) is a non-profit trade association that provides information to and advocates for the sporting goods industry. NSGA members include retailers, team dealers, wholesalers, manufacturers, and industry associates.
History.
The National Sporting Goods Association (NSGA) has worked on behalf of retailers and dealers since the association’s founders fought an unjust tax on sporting goods in 1927. South Carolina’s General Assembly had approved a 10 percent tax on retail sales of sporting goods in ’27, and this so enraged the state’s sporting goods dealers that they formed the Sporting Goods Dealer’s Association of South Carolina to urge repeal of the tax. One year later, they accomplished their goal.
Soon after, other regional sporting goods associations began to form. Ultimately, at a meeting in January 1929, in New York City, East Coast sporting goods distributors banded together to form the Athletic Goods Wholesalers Association. Two months later in St. Louis, Mo., Midwestern and Southern sporting goods dealers formed the Sporting Goods Distributors Association.
It wasn’t long before the two regional organizations met in Cleveland, Ohio; the result of this meeting was the merging of the two associations. On May 26, 1929, the Sporting Goods Distributors Association was born. In 1930, the name was changed to the National Sporting Goods Distributors Association. Finally, in 1936, the organization adopted the name National Sporting Goods Association.
Membership.
NSGA membership consists of retailers/dealers/wholesalers, manufacturers/sales agents and industry associates in the sporting goods industry. NSGA retail members operate more than 22,000 retail and Internet outlets that sell sports, fitness and recreational equipment, footwear and sportswear. NSGA members can renew their memberships in one-, two- or three-year increments, with dues discounts available for multiple-year memberships.
Sporting Goods Industry Hall of Fame.
The Sporting Goods Industry Hall of Fame honors the pioneers and leaders of the sporting goods industry. More than 150 retailers, dealers and manufacturers have been inducted since the first group in 1956. Such names as Evinrude, Colt, Remington, Riddell, du Pont, Shakespeare, Coleman, Cramer, Head, Brunswick, Dassler, Easton and Knight are among the Hall of Fame inductions.
Advocacy.
NSGA advocates on many team and legislative issues on our members' behalf.
On the team side, NSGA regularly meets with rulemaking bodies to advocate on our members' behalf. The association's efforts have helped members in numerous ways, including in 2012 when a football glove rule was delayed by a year, saving members millions of dollars in inventory that would have been obsolete without the association's efforts.
Education.
The NSGA Management Conference & Team Dealer Summit draws industry retailers, team dealers, manufacturers, agents, licensing groups, industry associations and members of the media together in a forum to address industry problems and concerns; increase communication; exchange ideas; and network in a relaxed setting.
Publications.
"NSGA Retail Focus" magazine is read by senior executives of member companies. The magazine focuses on areas of greatest interest to retailers and dealers – new products, hot markets, management issues and industry news.
NSGA publishes four newsletters. “NSGA Research News” is sent monthly via email to those interested in NSGA market research and to NSGA members. “Team Line-Up” is emailed quarterly to members of the NSGA Team Dealer Division. “The NSGA Huddle” newsletter is sent monthly via email to members and prospective members. It highlights NSGA services and programs and recognizes members’ achievements and activities. In addition, "HockeyVoice" serves specialty hockey retailers who are members of the Hockey Dealers Association (HDA), a division of NSGA.
The NSGA Sporting Goods Buying Guide, available online, lists more than 5,000 manufacturers of sporting goods products, which are listed by more than 70 major categories and 1,200 subcategories. In addition, it contains the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of sporting goods agents and buying groups.
Research & Information.
NSGA's research portfolio spans a variety of topics including sports participation, sporting goods market retail purchases, retailer financial performance metrics, and other custom research.
The sporting goods industry research provided by NSGA is utilized to the benefit of many segments including retailers, team dealers, manufacturers, wholesalers, and other organizations interested in the state of the sporting goods industry. 
NSGA’s Information Center responds to the needs of members by providing information on manufacturing, retailing, sports participation and other data useful in conducting daily business. This membership benefit, called “Ask NSGA”, provides members a source of assistance when searching for a particular product, identifying the contact information for a particular organization, or finding answers to other industry-related questions.
Divisions and Committees.
The NSGA Team Dealer Division provides services to team dealers who specialize in supplying equipment to high schools, colleges and organized teams. The Division acts as a liaison with rule-making bodies and with national high school and college federations. The Team Line-Up newsletter is sent to members with up-to-date information important to team dealers. A Team Dealer Advisory Committee provides guidance and feedback to NSGA staff on issues important to team dealers.
NSGA divisions created in 2010 include the Hockey Dealers Association (HDA) and the Fitness Industry Dealers Association (FIDA), which serve their respective specialty retailing niches. In addition, NSGA created its Division for Sales Agents, which serves sales agencies, independent sales agents and company sales representatives in the many segments of the sporting goods industry.
NSGA also holds an annual meeting of the Sporting Goods Industry Hall of Fame Committee. The Committee considers nominees and their qualifications before voting on candidates.
The Association also manages the National Ski & Snowboard Retailers Association, an active group of approximately 250 specialty ski and snowboard retailers.
Trade Shows.
Prior to exiting the trade show business in 1999, NSGA had run an international trade show in Chicago for nearly 70 years and a regional trade show in Southern California for more than 40 years.
Key People.
NSGA Officers and Directors.
Chairman of the Board – Ken Meehan, Dunham's Sports, Waterford, Mich. 
Treasurer/Chairman-Elect – Randy Nill, Nill Brothers Sporting Goods, Kansas City, Kan. 
Past Chairman – Jeff Rosenthal, Hibbett Sports, Birmingham, Ala.
Directors.
Jeff Brusati, T & B Sports, San Rafael, Calif.
Salvador Colom, Deportes Salvador Colom, San Juan, Puerto Rico
Dale Donaldson, Mallard's Source for Sports, Castlegar, British Columbia, Canada
Robert Frennea, Academy Sports + Outdoors, Katy, Tex.
Rhett Johnson, Johnson-Lambe Co., Raleigh, N.C.
David Labbe, Kittery Trading Post, Kittery, Maine 
Cathy Pryor, Hibbett Sports, Birmingham, Ala.
Pete Schneider, Athletic Dealers of America, Melbourne, Fla.

</doc>
<doc id="18461611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461611" title="T.B. Scott Free Library">
T.B. Scott Free Library

The T.B. Scott Free Library is a public library in the city of Merrill, Wisconsin. The building, completed in 1911, was designed by the firm of Claude and Starck and funded with $17,500 from the Carnegie Corporation. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The T.B. Scott Free Library is a member of the Wisconsin Valley Library Service (WVLS), a library system made up of 26 public libraries and 212 non-public libraries across seven counties in north-central Wisconsin.
Prior to the construction of its own building, the library was housed at Merrill City Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18461633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461633" title="List of symphonic poems">
List of symphonic poems

This is a list of some notable symphonic poems.
Béla Bartók 
Arnold Bax
Alexander Borodin
George Whitefield Chadwick
Ernest Chausson
Claude Debussy 
Frederick Delius
Paul Dukas
Antonín Dvořák
Edward Elgar 
George Enescu
Lorenzo Ferrero
César Franck
George Gershwin
Ferde Grofé
Percy Grainger
Karl Amadeus Hartmann
Lee Holdridge
Gustav Holst
Arthur Honegger
Mieczysław Karłowicz
Franz Liszt
Frederik Magle
Paul McCartney
Felix Mendelssohn
Modest Mussorgsky
Carl Nielsen
Sergei Rachmaninoff
Osmo Tapio Räihälä
Max Reger
Cemal Reşit Rey
Ottorino Respighi
Silvestre Revueltas
Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov
Camille Saint-Saëns
Arnold Schoenberg
Alexander Scriabin
Dmitri Shostakovich
Jean Sibelius
Bedřich Smetana
Richard Strauss - one of the most prolific in the genre. He preferred the concept "tone poem".
Josef Suk
Igor Stravinsky
Sergei Taneyev
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
Geirr Tveitt
Johan Wagenaar
Richard Wagner
Anton Webern
Eric Whitacre
Haydn Wood
Alexander Zemlinsky

</doc>
<doc id="18461635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461635" title="Friends Life t20">
Friends Life t20

The Friends Life t20 (previously known as the Friends Provident t20) was a Twenty20 cricket league in England and Wales run by the ECB from 2010 to 2013. The league consisted of the 18 first-class county teams divided into three divisions of six teams each. This plan, announced by the ECB in February 2009, replaced the more ambitious EPL project which would have included two overseas teams. The proposal was substantially modified following the credit crunch, and the change in circumstances of Allen Stanford himself. Friends Provident were announced as sponsors of the competition, having previously sponsored the 50-over competition.
This tournament replaced the Twenty20 Cup as the premier domestic Twenty20 competition of England and Wales. It was then replaced by the NatWest t20 Blast from 2014.
History.
Twenty20 Cup.
The first official Twenty20 matches were played on 13 June 2003, between the English counties in the Twenty20 Cup. The first season of Twenty20 in England was a relative success, with the Surrey Lions defeating the Warwickshire Bears by nine wickets in the final to claim the Twenty20 Cup. On 15 July 2004 Middlesex versus Surrey (the first Twenty20 game to be held at Lord's) attracted a crowd of 26,500, the largest attendance for any county cricket game other than a one-day final since 1953.
By the end of the 2009 Twenty20 Cup, the ECB had decided to implement a larger competition for the Twenty20 format of the game. The Twenty20 English Premier League was a proposed cricket league to be run by the ECB. The league was to consist of 18 county teams and two overseas teams divided into two divisions of ten teams each. It was rumoured that the two overseas teams were to be a side fielded by Allen Stanford of the West Indies and the winners of the Indian Premier League. After the disgrace of Stanford, this tournament was scrapped. The establishment of the Friends Life t20 contributed to the discontinuation of the Pro40 League, and a second Twenty20 League (a revamped version of the outgoing Twenty20 Cup) to be held in July, August and September, played on Friday evenings. This did not happen, and instead a modified 40 over league, the Clydesdale Bank 40 was implemented.
Friends Life t20.
The t20 format of the game was introduced in 2010 (see 2010 Friends Provident t20). The eighteen counties were split into two regions, North and South, with the top four teams from each group progressing to the quarter-final knockout stage. The 2012 season saw a reduction in pool matches from 16 to 10 as the 18 first-class counties were divided into three geographical divisions, reverting to the format from the 2009 Twenty20 Cup.
The mascot derby
Every year on finals day there is a mascot derby. 
Competition format.
There are 18 clubs competing for the t20 title. For the 2010 and 2011 editions, the 18 clubs were initially split into 2 (North and South) groups, containing 9 teams in each. This forms the "group stage" of the tournament. During the group stage (from June to August) each club played the others twice, once at their home stadium and once at that of their opponents, for a total of 16 games. Teams received two points for a win, one point for a tie and one point if the match was abandoned. No points were awarded for a loss. Teams were ranked by total points, then net run rate. At the end of the group stage, the top four teams from each group entered the knockout stage.
From 2012 onwards the format returned to that used in the Twenty20 Cup up to 2009, with three regional groups of six teams reducing the number of group stage games to ten to be played with the top two teams in each group plus the two third-placed teams with the best records progressing to the quarter-final stage.
The counties are able to register Twenty20 specialist players for the competition, and 2 overseas ("unqualified") players.
Media coverage.
Sky Sports showed many games throughout the 2010, 2011 and 2012 seasons and is continuing to show them in 2013. S4C also offers some coverage with a few Glamorgan matches available with Welsh commentary.

</doc>
<doc id="18461654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461654" title="Pawi">
Pawi

Pawi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18461661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461661" title="Germantown (Quincy, Massachusetts)">
Germantown (Quincy, Massachusetts)

Germantown is a primarily residential neighborhood in the city of Quincy, Massachusetts, USA. The neighborhood is located on a peninsula surrounded by Town River Bay on the west and Rock Island Cove on the east. This peninsula was known since the 1640s as “Shed's Neck”.
Palmer Street, the main thoroughfare of the neighborhood, was named for General Joseph Palmer. In 1752, Palmer and Richard Cranch, brother-in-law of John Adams and father of American jurist William Cranch, were held by tenure of lease by a company interested in German immigration to create a planned manufacturing community. The land was to be settled in the 1750s by a group of glassmakers and weavers from Germany. The planned community had failed by 1760, but the name has remained.
By the late 18th century, ship building became the major industry because of the ideal location of the neighborhood. In 1861, a ferry service was established between Germantown and Quincy Point.
The tallest building in the neighborhood is the seven-story O'Brien Towers. Most children in Germantown go to Snug Harbor for elementary school, Broad Meadows for middle school, and Quincy High for high school. Snug Harbor is the only school actually within the neighborhood. The neighborhood has a small general store (Palmer Street Store, also known as the blue store). In 2007, the city opened the Germantown Neighborhood Center in the former St. Boniface Church for use in a variety of neighborhood educational and community functions.
Demographics.
The neighborhood roughly corresponds to census tract 4178.02. At the 2000 census, the population of the neighborhood was 3,177. Of the total population, 66.82% self-identified as white, 8.84% as black, 0.22% as Native American, 19.96% as Asian, 1.48% as some other race, and 2.68% as having two or more races. Of the total population of any race, 3.46% identified as being of Hispanic origin.

</doc>
<doc id="18461681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461681" title="Bird Talk">
Bird Talk

Bird Talk is a monthly magazine for bird owners and enthusiasts published by BowTie Inc. Each issue has articles which are generally focused around a specific topic, as well as several regular features. The topics vary from bird care, training, behavior, and health to discussion of new products and bird food recipes or raising a colony of mealworms. 
Overview.
Thomas A. Bell published the first issue of "Bird Talk" magazine in 1982. The fledgling magazine experienced publishing issues which forced its sale. The publisher offered "Bird Talk" magazine to Fancy Publications, a small publishing company, which also published "Dog Fancy", "Cat Fancy" and "Horse Fancy" magazines. Under Fancy Publications, "Bird Talk" was redesigned and published, in April 1984, with a new focus to provide bird care information to pet bird owners. The redesigned issued introduced new columns including "Watch the Birdie" and "Causes and Cures." Its motto is "Dedicated To Better Care For Pet Birds". The current editor Laura Doering, has worked for "Bird Talk" since 1998. In November 2006, "Bird Talk" launched their website BirdChannel.com. One of "Bird Talk"'s recent features interactive contests was the World's First Bird Dance-Off, where bird owners sent in videos of their birds dancing and BirdChannel.com visitors voted on the Top Bird Dancer. ZuPreem sponsored the contest and Avian Fashions was the dance-off Official Outfitters. "Bird Talk" abruptly ceased publication with the September 2012 issue.

</doc>
<doc id="18461684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461684" title="Shui On Land">
Shui On Land

Shui On Land Limited () is the flagship property company of the Hong Kong-based Shui On Group. It is engaged in developing large-scale city-core development projects and integrated residential development projects in major cities in China, including Shanghai, Wuhan, Chongqing, Hangzhou, Dalian and Foshan. The company is headquartered in Shanghai and its chairman is Vincent Lo.
Shanghai's Xintiandi was developed by Shui On Land as "the first large-scale city-core redevelopment project by Shui On Land." 
Shui On Land was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18461686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461686" title="Matfen Hall">
Matfen Hall

Matfen Hall is a 19th-century country mansion in Matfen, Northumberland, England, the seat of the Blackett baronets and now also a hotel and country golf club. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The manor of West Matfen was owned in the 13th century by Philip de Ulcote and passed through his sisters to Felton, by marriage to Hastings and later to Lawson. In 1625 the estate was bought by Lancelot Fenwick of a branch the old established local family of Fenwick Tower. The manor and manor house, West Matfen High Hall, was sold in 1680 to John Douglas. His granddaughter and Douglas heiress married Sir Edward Blackett, Bt., in 1757, thereby bringing the estate into the Blackett family.
The present house was built to replace the old manor, in 1828 for Sir Edward Blackett, 6th Baronet. The impressive Jacobean-style mansion has a three-storey seven-bay entrance front. An important internal feature is a full-height Gothic hall.
Between 1965 and 1994 the house was leased out, operating as The Northumberland Cheshire Home. 
Sir Hugh Blackett, the 12th Baronet, and Lady Blackett have since converted the hall into an hotel and country club, which opened in 1999. The Blacketts now live at Halton Castle a few miles west of Matfen.

</doc>
<doc id="18461699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461699" title="The High Speed Scene">
The High Speed Scene

The High Speed Scene is a Power pop band that originated in San Francisco, California but then moved to Hollywood to further their career. They belong to Interscope Records, after being convinced by N.E.R.D., fans of the band themselves. They have been compared to Blondie, Wheatus, and Split Enz.

</doc>
<doc id="18461702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461702" title="The Mandé Variations">
The Mandé Variations

The Mandé Variations is a studio album by Toumani Diabaté. Unlike many of his recordings which feature large ensembles, it consists of solo Kora throughout. The influences range from traditional Kora pieces to modern Western music.

</doc>
<doc id="18461704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461704" title="Henrik Groth">
Henrik Groth

Henrik Groth (11 October 1903 – 1983) was a Norwegian publisher and essayist.
The son of a banker, he was hired in the publishing house J.W. Cappelens Forlag in 1927, and continued to climb the career ladder there.
During the German occupation of Norway he eventually joined the Norwegian resistance movement. As a member of "Hjemmefrontens kulturutvalg", he took part in shaping the Norwegian culture policy to come after the war's end. He was arrested for "illegal activity" in January 1944, and was incarcerated at Grini concentration camp from March 1944 to March 1945.
After the war's end, in 1945, Groth returned to his old post in Cappelen. He became director in 1947, and stepped down in 1973. He made a lasting remark, founding the series Cappelens upopulære skrifter. Groth was the chairman of the Norwegian Booksellers Association from 1950 to 1956, of the Norwegian Publishers Association from 1950 to 1956 and of the Foreningen Norden from 1959 to 1968. He was also a noted essayist of his own, and received the Fritt Ord Award in 1977.
His first cousin was Henriette Bie Lorentzen.

</doc>
<doc id="18461738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461738" title="Wang Yimei">
Wang Yimei

Wang Yimei (; born 11 January 1988 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese volleyball player. She lives in Liaoning Province.
Yimei is a main attacker for the Chinese women's volleyball team. She played her first match for China in 2005 and has represented the national side at both the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics where she was second leading scorer only behind the American player Logan Tom, and she was also represented her nation at the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18461750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461750" title="Mohamed Khan">
Mohamed Khan

Mohamed Hamed Hassan Khan (  ) (born 26 October 1942) is an Egyptian-Pakistani film director, screenwriter and actor. He is a well-known member of the "1980s generation" in Egyptian cinema, along with directors such as Khairy Beshara, Daoud Abdel Sayed, Atef El-Tayeb, and Yousry Nasrallah. His main aesthetic credo, in line with directors from his generation, is a reinvigorated realism seeking direct documentation of everyday life in Cairo, beyond the walls of the studio.
Biography.
After completing his high school education in Egypt, he went on to study at the London School of Film Technique (now known as The London International Film School) between 1962 and 1963. He directed several 8mm films. In 1963, he returned to Egypt and worked in the script department of the General Egyptian Film Organization. Between 1964 and 1966, he worked as an assistant director in Lebanon. He then moved again in England, where he wrote his book "An Introduction to the Egyptian Cinema", published by Informatics in 1969. He edited another Book entitled “Outline of Czechoslovakian Cinema”, which was also published by Informatics in 1971.
His 1983 film "The Street Player" was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival. According to a book issued by the Bibliotheca Alexandrina in December 2007, Khan's Ahlam Hind we Kamilia (1988) is one of the 100 landmarks in the history of the Egyptian cinema.
He has one daughter, Nadine, a film director, and one son, Hassan. He is married to Wessam Soliman, a scenarist who wrote two of his movies, Banat Wust el-Balad ("Downtown Girls") and Fi-Sha'et Masr el-Guedida ("In a Heliopolis Apartment")
Filmography, screening and prizes.
Short Films
Feature Films

</doc>
<doc id="18461760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461760" title="David B. Thompson">
David B. Thompson

David Bernard Thompson (May 29, 1923 − November 24, 2013) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Charleston from 1990 to 1999.
Biography.
Thompson was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. After studying at St. Charles Borromeo Seminary in Wynnewood, he was ordained to the priesthood for the Philadelphia archdiocese on May 27, 1950. He became a priest of the Allentown diocese (having been tapped for the post of chancellor) when it split from the Philadelphia archdiocese in 1961.
On April 22, 1989 Thompson was appointed Coadjutor Bishop of Charleston, South Carolina by Pope John Paul II. He received his episcopal consecration on the following May 24 from Archbishop Pio Laghi, with Bishop Norbert Gaughan and Archbishop Eugene Marino, S.S.J., serving as co-consecrators. He assumed as his episcopal motto: "Christi Impetus Pacis", meaning, "Working for the Peace of Christ."
Thompson later succeeded Ernest Leo Unterkoefler as the eleventh Bishop of Charleston upon the latter's resignation on February 22, 1990. His tenure was marked by the Synod of Charleston, which lasted from 1992 to 1995; it was the first diocesan synod held there since 1958.
Thompson resigned from his post as Bishop on July 12, 1999, after nine years of service and surpassing the mandatory retirement age of 75. He died on November 24, 2013 at the age of 90.

</doc>
<doc id="18461767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461767" title="Pharmakeia">
Pharmakeia

Pharmakeia φαρμακεια is the Greek word for pharmacy, which is the practice and making of medication and vitamins. It also refers to the making of spell-giving potions, or alchemical potions (or elixirs) believed to have transforming powers, such as the power to extend life, boost energy, or enhance the mind. It also refers to any substance used to poison someone, to prevent or treat disease (or, for that matter, to cause it), or to gain control of someone's behavior. Pharmakeia and its related word forms pharmakeus, pharmakon, pharmakos and pharmakoi are the words from which we get the modern English words pharmacy, pharmaceutics, pharmaceutical, pharmacist, pharmacopia, pharmacology, pharmaceuticalist and pharmaceuticalism. The modern transliteration of pharmakeia is pharmacia. Pharmakeia and its related forms appear several times in the New Testament, including the Epistle to the Galatians and the Book of Revelation. It is frequently translated as "witchcraft" or "sorcery"..Magical pharmacia substances or potions often bind someone under a spell by evocation with and without uttered word formulas. Cosmetics, lotions and perfumes were also made by practitioners of pharmaceuticalism and by extension any lab made substance or chemical falls in the realm of pharmakeia or pharmacia. In modern times petrochemicals are used to create chemical reactions with plants to create pharmaceutical substances. One well known example is the street drug cocaine, where coca leaves are soaked in gasoline and sulfuric acid to produce the substance cocaine. Other pharmaceuticals are made solely from petrochemicals. Today people who practice organic farming and gardening are those who reject the form of pharmakeia using chemicals which is turning to witchcraft for the success of their crops.
Pharmakeia and the Bible.
Pharmakeia and its related word forms appear four times in the Book of Revelation as follows:
The Epistle to the Galatians lists pharmakeia or pharmacy as works of the flesh for which those doing such things will not inherit the Kingdom of God.
In the masoretic text in the portion of the Old Testament called the Torah, practitioners of "kashaph" - incanting maleficium is translated into the Greek Septuagint version of the same passages as "pharmakeia". Historically this passage has been translated into English using vague terminology such as "witchcraft".

</doc>
<doc id="18461800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461800" title="All You">
All You

All You is a women’s magazine published by Time Inc. and sold at Walmart, Sam's Club and via subscription. The monthly magazine was first published in August 2004. "All You" focuses on value: Each story offers money-saving and/or time-saving tips, and the magazine has developed a community of Reality Checkers, thousands of women who contribute ideas and tips that appear on many of "All You"’s pages.
Target audience.
"All You" is targeted toward the average female Walmart customer and features models wearing clothing sold within the store. It also contains stories featuring what the magazine considers "real women" who are diverse in age, appearance, background and culture.
Value.
"All You" includes a large number of coupons, and even includes an index to help navigate through them. A weekly emailed newsletter titled "All You Deals and Meals" is available from the magazine which offers subscribers a preview of coupons available in future magazines. Themed events are held in Walmart stores across the United States where "brand ambassadors" from the magazine act as "personal shoppers" to assist customers shopping for value. These events are sponsored by the magazine's advertisers. The magazine also sponsors other events aimed at helping modern women.

</doc>
<doc id="18461805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461805" title="Winfield, Alberta">
Winfield, Alberta

Winfield is a hamlet in Alberta, Canada within the County of Wetaskiwin No. 10. It is located at the intersection of Highway 13 and Highway 20, approximately west of Wetaskiwin.
Climate.
Climate type is dominated by the winter season, a long, bitterly cold period with short, clear days, relatively little precipitation mostly in the form of snow, and low humidity. The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for this climate is "Dfc" (Continental Subarctic Climate).
Demographics.
As a designated place in the 2011 Census, Winfield had a population of 224 living in 79 of its 194 total dwellings, a -10% change from its 2006 population of 249. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18461808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461808" title="Elmar Tampõld">
Elmar Tampõld

Elmar Tampõld (August 3, 1920 – March 7, 2013) was an Estonian-Canadian architect and founder of an academic base for Estonian studies in Toronto.
Education.
Tampõld attended the Kärdla Reaalkool on the Estonian island of Hiiumaa, graduating in 1938 and then continued his studies in the capital Tallinn at the Tallinn Teachers’ College. Tampõld graduated in 1941. In 1943 he enrolled in the Technical University in Tallinn, but the continuation of World War II interrupted his education and Tampõld relocated to Sweden where he resumed his studies at the Stockholm Technical Institute from 1946 until 1948, majoring in marine engineering.
After he emigrated to Canada in 1948, Tampõld attended the University of Toronto from 1949 until 1953 and he graduated with a Bachelor of Architecture. Among his honors he achieved as a student at the University of Toronto were the Hobb’s Glass Scholarship for highest standing in Design and he was nominated for the Pilkington Award for his thesis project, "Toronto Olympic Stadium". In 1956 Tampõld was accepted as a member of both the Ontario Association of Architects and the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada. In 1997 Tampõld was nominated and achieved a lifetime membership of the Ontario Association of Architects.
Career.
Tampõld began his architectural career in the design department of John B. Parkin and Associates. He worked for John B. Parkin and Associates from 1953 until 1956. From 1957 to 1959 he was the Chief Architect for the Canadian office of H.K. Ferguson Company Engineers and Architects in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. In 1959, along with a classmate John Wells, he helped establish the architectural firm of Tampõld Wells. During 35 years of practice, Tampõld helped design over 1,000 buildings for public, institutional and private clients. Possibly best known for his work with universities and higher educational facilities, Tampõld was commissioned to design buildings in Nova Scotia, Ontario and New Brunswick and offices for Tampõld Wells were eventually opened in Halifax and Montreal. The architectural firm specialized in the design and construction of university student residences, which included residences for Neill-Wycik College, Pestalozzi College (now called Rideau Chapel Towers), Laurentian University, Saint Mary’s University in Halifax, Acadia University, University of Fredericton, Dag Hammarskjöld House and further student residences in Waterloo, Ontario and Ann Arbor, Michigan. Many of his structures during the period of the late 1960s and early 1970s are in the restrained Brutalism style of architecture, such as the Rochdale College tower, completed in 1968.
During his years in Canada, Tampõld was a leader in the Toronto Estonian community and helping to preserve the Estonian language and Estonian culture. In 1949 he established the University of Toronto Estonian Students’ Society and was elected the organization's first President. Proceeds from the Society’s events and fundraisers helped enable the founding of a scholarship fund for Estonian immigrant students, and students of Estonian heritage. In 1967 Tampõld proposed the concept of a residence hall named Tartu College to the Canadian Estonian community and University of Toronto, and from 1967 to 1970 Tampõld served numerous roles in the implementation, construction and design of Tartu College; from main financier, sponsor and main architect. The student residence hall was named by Tampõld after the Estonian University of Tartu. Completed in 1970, the building is located at Madison Avenue, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and serves as a residence hall for University of Toronto students as well as a centre for serving the Estonian-Canadian community of the city. Tartu College has a long-standing relationship with Estonia's University of Tartu.
In 1982, Tampõld proposed the idea of reinvesting Tartu College’s surplus revenues for the founding of a Chair of Estonian Studies at the University of Toronto. The university agreed and in 1983, he helped establish the Chair of Estonian Studies Foundation with fellow expatriate Estonian professors, neuroscientist Endel Tulving and chemical engineer Olev Träss. The three men made the initial presentation to the University of Toronto and Tampõld became the Chairman of the Board of Directors for the Chair of Estonian Studies Foundation. Since 1999, Jüri Kivimäe, Professor of History and Chair of Estonian Studies has headed the University of Toronto's Elmar Tampõld Chair of Estonian Studies. 
In 1999, Tampõld established the Estonian Scholarships Fund, called the Ilmar Heinsoo Award, from the University of Toronto, the government of the province of Ontario, Tartu College, the Estonian Studies Fund, the Fraternitas Estica, the Estonian National Foundation, and the Estonian Credit Union. The scholarship was created in appreciation of the former Estonian honorary consul. Additionally, in 1999, he helped merge the two Toronto-based Estonian weekly newspapers into a single weekly paper called "Estonian Life".
Legacy.
On May 7, 2008, while visiting Canada, Estonian President Toomas Hendrik Ilves praised Tampõld in a speech given at the Estonian House in Toronto as a "builder of cultural bridges".
Tampõld continued to participate in numerous events celebrating and preserving Estonian culture. He has participated at conferences and events for the Estonian Literary Museum, the Estonian Canadian Historical Commission ("Kanada Eestlaste Ajaloo Komisjon") and Korporatsioon Sakala.
Tampõld had long planned to found a Museum of Estonia Abroad in Toronto (abbreviated "VEMU", for the Estonian "Välis-Eesti Muuseum"). Tampõld envisioned the museum to become a monument to part of the Estonian immigrant community in the West and serve as a higher educational and cultural institution.
Tampõld resided in Toronto, Canada with his wife, Leida until his death in March of 2013 at the age of 92.

</doc>
<doc id="18461809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461809" title="Ola Belle Reed">
Ola Belle Reed

Ola Belle Campbell Reed (August 18, 1916 – August 16, 2002) was an American folk singer, songwriter and banjo player. Born in Lansing, North Carolina, Reed's songs often speak of Appalachian life and traditions. Her best-known songs have been recorded by mainstream bluegrass and country artists. "High on a Mountain", has been recorded by Del McCoury, Tim O'Brien, and Marty Stuart. "I've Endured", has been recorded by Del McCoury as well as Tim O'Brien. The annual Ola Belle Reed Music Festival in Lansing, NC celebrates her life and music.
In 1986, Reed was awarded an NEA National Heritage Fellowship. 
In 2010, Smithsonian Folkways released "Rising Sun Melodies", a collection of 11 songs that appeared on her previous Folkways recordings, plus eight previously unreleased tracks that were recorded at the Smithsonian Folklife Festival in the 1970s. Among the musicians accompanying her on the album were her brother Alex Campbell, her husband Bud Reed, her son Dave Reed, and the husband and wife team of John Coffey and Betsy Rutherford.
In January 2011, Ola Belle Reed's "Rising Sun Melodies" won The 10th Annual Independent Music Awards in the Reissue category.

</doc>
<doc id="18461811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461811" title="Cleanyourhands">
Cleanyourhands

The cleanyourhands [http://www.npsa.nhs.uk/cleanyourhands] campaign is a national initiative in England and Wales run by the National Patient Safety Agency to improve the hand hygiene of healthcare workers and help reduce the spread of preventable healthcare associated infections.

</doc>
<doc id="18461820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461820" title="Qin Xiao">
Qin Xiao

Qin Xiao (Chinese: 秦晓; pinyin: Qín Xiǎo; born April 1947) is a former banker and promoter of business reform who is now the Council Chairman of the Boyuan Foundation, a Hong Kong-registered non-profit think tank that is regarded as representing reformist or liberalising factions of the political and business elite in mainland China.
Biography.
Qin's father was a senior party cadre. When in high school in 1966, the Cultural Revolution began and Qin Xiao became a Red Guard. As many Red Guards were in fact targeting people such as his father, Qin created a faction that defended against such radical attacks. At the end of the Cultural Revolution, like many former Red Guards he was relocated to the countryside (in his case Inner Mongolia).
Business.
After several years working in government (including time at the Coal and Oil ministries), Qin Xiao became Vice Chairman of the Board and General Manager in China International Trust & Investment Corp and then Chairman of the Board in CITIC Bank. In 2001 he was appointed Chairman of the Board of China Merchants Group, in difficulty since the Asian financial crisis of 1997, and turned the troubled financial conglomerate around. During his time there, annual growth reached 20 per cent, total assets increased more than 400 per cent and net profits increased about 20-fold.
Also in 2001, he served as Chairman of the APEC Business Advisory Council, where he regularly promoted economic liberalization. In 2008 he became a non-executive director of China Telecom.
He is also the Honorary Chairman of Hong Kong Chinese Enterprises Association.
Politics.
In 2010 he retired from full-time business, stating he wished to become a "public intellectual".
Since then, he has used his position as a respected business leader and chairman of the Boyuan Foundation to promote "universal values" (a loaded term in Chinese politics often associated with Western-style human rights and democracy), political reform and economic reform in China, whilst building a network of like-minded movers and shakers. As well as major Chinese figures, the Boyuan Foundation includes such Western luminaries as Brent Scowcroft and Leon Brittan.
He has explicitly and repeatedly stated his opposition to the so-called "China Model" of politics and economics (mixing authoritarianism and state-owned enterprises with some market economics). For example in his speech at the “China’s Economy in 2010” forum on Jan. 7, 2010 at the New York Stock Exchange, Qin said: “"Some people believe that the crisis of the past 2 years illustrates that the Chinese model is the best model in the world. I don't agree with that."” On other occasions, he has said “"the government should stay within the government’s functions"” and “"power cannot be mixed and sold."” His calls for more liberal political and economic reform and less government involvement have earned him the enmity of the "New Left" grouping in Chinese politics.
His involvement in (non-Red Guard) politics dates back at least to 1983, when Qin began working as a party official at the Chinese Communist Party's power centre in Zhongnanhai, including stints as a member of the Communist Party’s Central Committee Political Bureau and secretary to Song Renqiong, a former secretary of the party's central secretariat. He is further connected to the princelings of the Party by family relation: his sister is married to a son of Chen Yun, one of the Eight Immortals.
Qin is currently a member of the Eleventh National Committee of Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference and previous posts include:
Education.
Qin graduated in 1975 from the Shanxi Mining Institute with a bachelors in Mechanical Engineering.
In 1983, he received a masters in Economic Management from the China University of Mining. 
In 2002 he received a Ph.D in Economics from the University of Cambridge.
He is currently a part-time professor at the School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University and the Graduate School of the People's Bank of China.
Writing.
Qin has written several books and articles, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18461823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461823" title="Matthew Bartholomew">
Matthew Bartholomew

Matthew Bartholomew (born 20 October 1988) is a Trinidad & Tobago football player, who currently plays for W Connection.

</doc>
<doc id="18461827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461827" title="Fuck n' Spend">
Fuck n' Spend

"Fuck N' Spend" is the debut release and first EP by power pop band The High Speed Scene. It was released on Arista Records on November 3, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18461841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461841" title="Treaty of 2004">
Treaty of 2004

The Treaty Between the Slovak Republic and the Holy See on Catholic Education is a treaty between the Slovak Republic and the Holy See about Catholic upbringing and education.
This treaty, or concordat, secured full state funding for Church-controlled schools and Catholic religious education. It was signed between the Holy See and Slovakia on May 13, 2004 and came into effect on July 9, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18461865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461865" title="M9 motorway (Ireland)">
M9 motorway (Ireland)

The M9 motorway () is a motorway in Ireland linking the M7 at Kilcullen to Waterford. Opened in sections between 1994 and 2010, the final section opened on 9 September 2010.
Prior to July 2008, the majority of the M9 – from Junction 2 onwards – was to be built as High Quality Dual Carriageway (HQDC). Due to the passing of a Statutory Instrument in that month, a large section of the route was re-designated to motorway standard. The section included the motorway under construction between Kilcullen and Powerstown and the (then) newly opened Carlow bypass. The remainder of the route has since been redesignated.
Route.
M7 to Kilcullen.
The M9 begins at Junction 11 (previously Junction 9) on the M7 motorway. This junction is a restricted access interchange, allowing traffic from the M9 to enter only the eastbound carriageway. There is no access to the M9 from the M7 eastbound, or to the M7 westbound from the M9. The route continues for 6 km before reaching the Kilcullen to Carlow section. The section runs between Junctions 1 and 2 on the M9 corridor. This section opened in 1994.
Kilcullen to Carlow.
Construction of 28 km of motorway linking the Kilcullen bypass with the Carlow bypass began in February 2008. This section was completed and opened on 21 December 2009. It runs between Junctions 2 and 4 on the M9 corridor.
Carlow Bypass.
This 18.5 km (11 mi) section of motorway opened on the 29 May 2008 and runs between Junctions 4 and 6 on the M9 corridor. It provides a bypass of Carlow and allows access to the N80 for Rosslare and the R448 for Leighlinbridge.
Carlow to Knocktopher.
The first part of this section between Junctions 9 and 10 (Danesfort-Knocktopher) comprising 12 km of motorway was opened on 22 March 2010, in conjunction with the Knocktopher to Waterford section. The remaining section, Leighlinbridge to Danesfort, opened on 9 September 2010, thus completing the entire motorway. The scheme was built by SiskRoadbridge(SRB) Ltd.
Knocktopher to Waterford.
The Knocktopher-Waterford section of the M9 route was opened on 22 March 2010. This section is 24 km long and runs between Junctions 10 and 12 on the M9 corridor. The scheme was built by BAM Ltd (formerly Ascon Ltd.). Junction 12 is not a standard motorway junction but is instead a roundabout. The left exit from this roundabout accesses the N9 road which continues to Waterford.
Junctions.
Proposed Service Areas.
The National Roads Authority (NRA) plans to construct Motorway Service Areas at approximately 60 kilometre intervals along each of Ireland's interurban routes. Under this plan, the M9 will have two such areas. The first will be located near the M7/M9 interchange between Junctions 3 and 2. The second will be located south of Carlow near Muine Bheag, between Junctions 7 and 8 (see here, p. 25). The EIS for the M9 Kilcullen Motorway Service Area is now available at the NRA website (scroll down to the bottom here).
As of January 2010, no details regarding the construction of the other M9 service area have been announced.
On 1 August 2013, a planning application for a Motorway Service Areas was lodged with Kilkenny County Council. The proposed service area will be located just off Junction 7 Paulstown. A decision on planning for the services area is due on 25 September 2013. The service area will include vehicle fuelling station, HGV fueling station, shop, two restaurant/drive through. There will be 119 parking spaces as well as 12 HGV parking spaces. 

</doc>
<doc id="18461876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461876" title="The High Speed Scene (EP)">
The High Speed Scene (EP)

The High Speed Scene is the self-titled second EP by Power pop band The High Speed Scene. It was released on November 16, 2004 by Interscope Records. 

</doc>
<doc id="18461878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461878" title="ECB Premier Leagues">
ECB Premier Leagues

In 1997 the ECB published "Raising the Standard", the ECB Management Board Blueprint for the Future Playing Structure of cricket. This introduced the concept of ECB Premier Leagues, designed to raise the playing standard of the top tier of club cricket and to bridge the gap between recreational cricket and the First Class game. A national network of Premier Leagues was established, with funding from the ECB. The Leagues have to meet the published ECB assessment criteria and they receive accreditation on an annual basis.
Premier Leagues are expected to establish links to other leagues in order to allow ambitious clubs to aspire to Premier League status over time. Many were based on existing leagues although some new Regional Premier Leagues were created. The ECB decided that overseas players are allowed to play in this top tier of club cricket provided that there is only one overseas player in any Premier League club team, which mirrors the arrangements for overseas players in the club cricket structures in countries such as Australia and South Africa.
The Premier League clubs must show a strong commitment to junior cricket and the assessment criteria explicitly require strong junior sections that can provide cricket coaching and matches for the next generation of cricketers. There is also an increased emphasis on practice and the development of skills for the adult players in Premier League clubs.
ECB Premier Leagues

</doc>
<doc id="18461883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461883" title="ALP-IX">
ALP-IX

ALP-IX Regional Internet Exchange (ALP-IX) is an Internet Exchange Point situated in Munich (Germany). It is operated by DE-CIX Management GmbH. In 2011 the ALP-IX was renamed to DE-CIX Munich to be in line with their main brand.
ALP-IX operates on a Force10 TeraScale C300 switch and serves the Equinix "Hopfenpost" location as well as the Spacenet Datacenter at Landsberger Strasse in Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="18461885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461885" title="List of lakes of Egypt">
List of lakes of Egypt

Egypt contain many lakes currently and other lakes that have vanished.
Current lakes.
Aswan (Nasser) Lake.
A vast reservoir in southern Egypt and northern Sudan.
Behind the High Dam of Aswan on the river Nile, contains river water.
Manzala Lake.
Salt or brackish water lake.
In northeastern Egypt on the Nile Delta near Port Said, Damietta, Dakahlyia and Sharqyia governorates.
Marriotiya Lake.
A salt lake in northern Egypt, between Alexandria and Al-Buhira (Beheira actually is named after it) Governorates.
Lake Bardawil.
Salt water Lake in North Sinai Governorate.
It is said that it is named after King Baldwin I of Jerusalem of the First Crusade and that he was buried there.
Lake Moeris or Qaroun Lake.
Brackish water Lake.
South River Nile Delta in Fayoum Governorate.
Wadi Elrayan Lakes.
Brackish water Lake.
In Fayoum Governorate
Edko Lake.
Salt water Lake.
In Kafr el-Sheikh Governorate
Toshka Lakes.
River water Lake.
In South Western Part of Egypt, at el-Wadi el-Gadid or New Valley Governorate.
Great Bitter Lake or al-Buhayrat al-Murrah.
A salt water lake between the north and south part of the Suez Canal, includes Greater Bitter Lake & Lesser Bitter Lakes and el-Temmsah Lake (The crocodile lake).
In Ismailia Governorate.
Borolus Lake or Paralos lake.
Salt water Lake in North shore of River Nile Delta, Western corner in Kafr el-Sheikh Governorate.
Wadi El Natrun Lakes.
Salt alkaline water lakes (Contain Natron Salt) in Wadi Natron area near el-Qattara Depression in Matruh Governorate.
Salt lakes of Siwa.
In New Valley Governorate, Siwa Oasis in Western Desert.

</doc>
<doc id="18461901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461901" title="Make Me a Supermodel (UK TV series)">
Make Me a Supermodel (UK TV series)

Make Me a Supermodel is a British reality television modeling competition hosted and judged by New Zealander model Rachel Hunter, airing on the television channel Five. A U.S. version began airing 2 January 2008 on the cable network Bravo.
Series one (2005).
The series premiered Tuesday, 1 March 2005 and followed 13 young women (including twins) competing for a modelling contract with Select Model Management. The judges eliminated 10 contestants, with viewers voting for the winner among the final three – Kate Ellery, Alice Sinclair and Joanna Downes – in a live catwalk show presented by Tess Daly and Dave Berry. Sinclair was the first season's winner.
Series two (2006).
The second series premiered on Sunday, 15 October 2006 with a change in format from the first series: this time, male models were part of the competition. Each week, one male contestant and one female contestant would be eliminated, until the final catwalk, at which a winner was chosen. With the exception of the first elimination, it was all based on the public's votes. The live catwalk shows were presented by Fearne Cotton on Fridays.
Each week, the bottom four contestants (two male models, two female models) would face a live 'Walk Off', and the public would vote and the male and female model who received the lowest vote total from the public would be eliminated. In the first week, there was no 'Walk Off' - the judges decided which two of the models were the weakest and should be sent home.
Final catwalk show.
The final show aired on Thursday 16 November 2006. Four models competed: Albert, Jen, Luke, Marianne.
As in every catwalk show in "Make me a Supermodel", the models had to do 3 catwalks. After the first 'Walk Off', Marianne was eliminated. The remaining 3 models walked the next 'Walk Off' and Jen was eliminated. It was now left to the 2 men, Luke and Albert. After they did the final 'Walk Off', Albert was announced as the winner leaving Luke as runner up.
Judges.
The judges of the first season were:
In the second season, they are joined by new judge Dylan Jones, editor-in-chief of British "GQ" magazine.
"Make Me a Supermodel Extra".
The behind-the-scenes show "Make Me a Supermodel Extra", broadcast on the channel Five Life, was presented by Anthony Crank, and series-one contestant Jasmine Lennard, who was dropped after referring to Rachel Hunter as "Rachel Munter" live on air.

</doc>
<doc id="18461904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461904" title="Make Me a Supermodel">
Make Me a Supermodel

Make Me a Supermodel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18461913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461913" title="Duke of Porto">
Duke of Porto

Duke of Porto (Portuguese "Duque do Porto") is a royaly-held noble title of Portuguese nobility. 
The title's namesake is from the city of Porto, in the north of Portugal.
History.
The title was created in 1833 for Maria, Princess Royal of Portugal by King Pedro IV of Portugal. The title's name was made in honour of the city of Porto, due its loyalty to Pedro IV and Maria II in the Liberal Wars.
Following the use of the title by Maria, Princess Royal of Portugal, the title became associated with the second male child of the head of the Royal House of Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="18461922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461922" title="Joseph McBride">
Joseph McBride

Joe McBride or Joseph McBride may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18461931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461931" title="Max Blümich">
Max Blümich

Reinhold Max Blümich (Bluemich) (3 November 1886 – 23 February 1942, Falkenberg/Elster) was a German chess master and editor.
At the beginning of his chess career, he played in Leipzig where tied for 4-6th in 1909, took 8th in 1910, took 3rd in 1911, shared 1st in 1912, and took 5th in 1913. 
After World War I, he won or shared 1st at Mittwerda 1922, Frankfurt 1923, Leipzig 1923, Magdeburg 1924, Chemnitz 1925, Leipzig 1928, Bautzen 1929, and Leipzig 1930. He also took 11th at Breslau 1925 (the 24th DSB Congress, Efim Bogoljubow won), took 9th at Dresden 1926 (Aron Nimzowitsch won), tied for 10-11th at Vienna 1926 (Karl Gilg and Heinrich Wagner won), took 10th at Duisburg 1929 (the 26th DSB-Congress, Carl Ahues won), shared 3rd at Zwickau 1930 (Karl Helling won), tied for 4-6th at Bad Liebenwerda 1934 (Salo Flohr won), tied for 14-15th at Bad Aachen 1935 (the 3rd German Chess Championship, Kurt Richter won), and took 7th at Bad Elster 1937 (Ludwig Rellstab and Bogoljubow won). 
R. Max Bluemich represented Germany in matches against The Netherlands at Berlin 1922 and Austria at Vienna 1926. He also played for Germany in the 2nd Chess Olympiad at The Hague 1928 with a result of +5 –4 =4.
During World War II, he tied for 5-8th at Kraków / Krynica / Warsaw 1940 (the 1st General Government chess tournament, Bogoljubow and Anton Kohler won), took 7th at Bad Elster 1941 (Klaus Junge won), and tied for 7-9th at Kraków / Warsaw 1941 (the 2nd GG-ch, Alexander Alekhine and Paul Felix Schmidt won). 
In 1925–1942, he was an editor of the first German chess magazine Deutsche Schachzeitung. He was the author of an infamous 1941 edition of the "Kleine Lehrbuch des Schachspiels", by Jean Dufresne and Jacques Mieses, opportunistically changed, omitting and modifying the references to chess personalities with Jewish background.

</doc>
<doc id="18461940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461940" title="The High Speed Scene (album)">
The High Speed Scene (album)

Producer: Dana Deathray and The High Speed Scene
The High Speed Scene is the self-titled 3rd release and debut studio album by Power pop band The High Speed Scene. It was released on March 22, 2005 by Star Trak and Interscope records. The Iroc-Z Song was featured in the video game MVP Baseball 2005. Allaboutit was featured in the video game MLB 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18461950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461950" title="Gihon (Ryukyu)">
Gihon (Ryukyu)

Gihon was the third and last of the Shunten Lineage. He succeeded his father Shunbajunki at the age of 44, in 1248.
Gihon's reign was marked by terrible disasters, including famine, epidemics, and devastating typhoons. Around 1254, he appointed a young lord by the name of Eiso to be Regent ("Sessei"), and to aid in managing these disasters. When Gihon abdicated in 1259 or 1260, he "withdrew into the forest alone." Eiso succeeded him as "king" and began a new royal lineage. The precise location, date, and circumstances of Gihon's death are unknown, though it is safe to assume he died shortly after his abdication. Local legends allege that he was last seen at the cliffs of Hedo Point Hedo-misaki, the northernmost point on Okinawa Island.

</doc>
<doc id="18461957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461957" title="Algarkirk and Sutterton railway station">
Algarkirk and Sutterton railway station

Algarkirk and Sutterton railway station was a station which served the villages of Algarkirk and Sutterton in the English county of Lincolnshire. It was served by trains on the line from Boston to Spalding.
History.
Opened by the Great Northern Railway it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923, passing on to the Eastern Region of British Railways during the nationalisation of 1948. It was then closed by the British Transport Commission.
The site today.
The trackbed has been built over by road construction. The station building and goods shed stand next to the roundabout where the A16 and A17 roads meet.

</doc>
<doc id="18461960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461960" title="A Skylit Drive">
A Skylit Drive

A Skylit Drive is an American Post-hardcore band from Lodi, California. The band has released one DVD, one EP and four studio albums: "Wires...and the Concept of Breathing" on May 20, 2008, "Adelphia" on June 9, 2009, "Identity On Fire" on February 15, 2011, and most recently "Rise", released on September 24, 2013.
As of 2012, the band consists of Michael Jagmin (lead vocals), Brian White (bass guitar, unclean vocals), Nick Miller (guitar), Cory La Quay (drums, death growls), and Kyle Simmons (keys, synths, bass guitar). Original members Jordan Blake and Joey Wilson left the band in 2007 and 2012, respectively. Michael Jagmin has provided lead vocals for the band since 2008. He is often recognized for his unusual singing range.
History.
Formation and "She Watched the Sky" EP (2006–2007).
A Skylit Drive's original members all met while attending Lodi High School in Lodi. Cory La Quay (drummer) attended Franklin High School in Elk Grove, California Their debut EP, "She Watched the Sky", was released early in 2007 on Tragic Hero. Following this the group toured with Four Letter Lie, Blessthefall, Scary Kids Scaring Kids, Greeley Estates, Oh, Sleeper, The Blackout, Alesana, Before Their Eyes, Dance Gavin Dance, Kenotia, Pierce the Veil, and From First to Last.
Jordan Blake left the band mid-tour around November 2007 due to ulcers that made it difficult for him to sing. Blake's departure was mutual between him and the other members of the group. He then formed the musical projects Watchout! Theres Ghosts!, JbdJ, Trances, and The Legend. The Leader with Etienne Sin and Dani Quero.
Following departure from A Skylit Drive, Jonny Craig aided A Skylit Drive for a few shows after leaving Dance Gavin Dance. A new singer, Michael "Jag" Jagmin, then joined, being the final lineup change the band would go through thus far. The band has also retained the same recording personnel which produced their earliest material. Jessy Mickles is their head recording supervisor.
"Wires...and the Concept of Breathing" (2008).
A demo version of "Knights of the Round," was performed live with Jonny Craig as the lead vocalist during his few performances with the band in November 2007. Though Craig had written lyrics to the song, only the chorus or refrain is believed to have been kept in the final album version sang by their new-found, permanent vocalist Michael "Jag" Jagmin, formerly of Odd Project. Craig Mabbitt also tried out for lead vocals after leaving blessthefall, but later joined Escape the Fate after dialing the wrong number in an attempt to contact A Skylit Drive's Manager, but instead reaching Escape the Fate's. The full length Wires...and the Concept of Breathing (produced by Mitchell Marlow and Allen Jacob) appeared in May 2008. The album hit No. 171 on the U.S. Billboard 200, as well as No. 9 on the Top Heatseekers Chart and No. 20 on the Top Independent Albums chart. Shortly after the release of the album they filmed a music video for the nonprofit group To Write Love on Her Arms directed by Robby Starbuck. They appeared at The Bamboozle Left in 2008 and toured in the summer of that year with Sky Eats Airplane, Breathe Carolina, and Emarosa.
They toured with Greeley Estates, August Burns Red, Sky Eats Airplane, This or the Apocalypse, Escape the Fate, Alesana, Chiodos, and Silverstein during fall in 2008. They also filmed a live DVD called "Let Go of the Wires", which was released on December 9, 2008.
In Mid-November the band released a music video for the song "Wires and the Concept of Breathing". The video can be viewed through their MySpace profile. Their song "This Isn't the End" is now the music video on their MySpace directed by Robby Starbuck about teen suicide in conjunction with the non-profit organization To Write Love on Her Arms. Both videos are on their first full length album, "Wires... and the Concept of Breathing", and the band has shot other videos for songs on the album. They have announced that there will be five brand new videos on their upcoming DVD "Let Go of the Wires" as well as live performance footage from a show at the Glasshouse in Pomona, CA. The DVD was released exclusively at Hot Topic on December 9, 2008.
On December 19, 2008, it was announced that A Skylit Drive would be a part of the Vans Warped Tour 2009 lineup. A day before Warped Tour 2009 began, the band appeared at a Hot Topic store in Montclair,CA.
"Adelphia" (2009–2010).
In their DVD, "Let Go of the Wires", the band discussed plans for their next album. The album was to be titled "Glaciers". The band later announced that this would not be the title of their new album. On May 26, 2009, A Skylit Drive released a new song, entitled "Those Cannons Could Sink a Ship" onto iTunes and also for play on their MySpace page. The song is the first of their new album to be released on iTunes. Their second full-length album, Adelphia, was released on June 9, 2009 and peaked at number 64 on the Billboard 200. The band released a music video for "Those Cannons Could Sink A Ship!" on October 19, 2009, directed by Spence Nicholson.
On January 8, 2009, the band announced, via a MySpace bulletin, that they were now a part of Fearless Records and to expect a new album release sometime in 2009. They also announced tour dates with Dance Gavin Dance. A Skylit Drive was a part of Warped Tour for the 2009 season. the band also did a signing at hot topic in Montclair,CA the day before the first day of Warped Tour 2009. During the tour they did signings for the non-profit organization Music Saves Lives. A Skylit Drive recently announced a new tour with Senses Fail starting on September 30. After their American tour, the band did their first tour of Europe.
On December 6, 2009, the band recorded a cover of Journey's "Separate Ways (Worlds Apart)" for the next Punk Goes compilation.
During February–March 2010, the band toured with We Came as Romans, Of Mice & Men, The Word Alive, and headliners Alesana, nationwide. During a New York City set on February 16, Dee Snider (vocalist of Twisted Sister) appeared to see the show, and hang out with the band(s). On his Twitter, Jag was quoted saying, "I'm never going to get over hearing Dee Snyder compliment my voice. Dee, "can you really pull it off every night?". Me, "You'll see."
This tour, titled The Emptiness Tour, will continue Spring 2010 in the U.K. and Europe. While Of Mice & Men, We Came as Romans, and The Word Alive won't be appearing out of the U.S. shows, ASD (as well as Alesana) will be sharing the tour with Emarosa and Bury Tomorrow.
"Identity on Fire" (2011).
On his Formspring account, Jagmin predicted that A Skylit Drive would begin writing and recording a follow-up to "Adelphia" during Summer 2010. He also suggested that the album would see an early 2011 release.
In February 2010 Hassle Records published on their web site "We have new recruits to the Hassle Records family, please welcome A Skylit Drive with open arms... Fresh out of California, A Skylit Drive have been together in their current line-up since 2007 and have been touring their unique brand of metalcore across the US. We released their second album "Adelphia" in October and the UK joined the ever growing A Skylit Drive bandwagon. Catch the band on the rapidly selling out UK / Europe tour with Alesana in April."
The band announced via MySpace that on May 29, 2010, the band Desires of Sires will debut on their Adelphia tour. Recently, Michael Jagmin hinted on Twitter that A Skylit Drive is currently writing new material.
The band was on the "Average Guys with Exceptional Hair" tour with bands Woe, Is Me, For All Those Sleeping, Motionless in White and Scarlett O'Hara.
On December 7, 2010, the band announced the tracklisting for the album and a date set on February 15, 2011. They have been on tour mid January through February with Underoath, Thursday, and Animals as Leaders.
The band has released a music video for "Too Little Too Late" on January 12, 2011.
They will participate in all dates of the Warped Tour 2011 at the Ernie Ball stage.
The band has also announced they will be on a European tour set for Autumn 2011 along with Woe, Is Me, I Set My Friends on Fire, and Sleeping with Sirens.
On September 9, 2011 the band posted that they're in the studio recording a cover song for the upcoming Punk Goes... Compilation. The pre-production began on Monday September 12. The cover of "Love the Way You Lie" was announced via Facebook.
On January 20, 2012 A Skylit Drive released The Cali Buds music video, via Altpress.com.
In February 2012, A Skylit Drive toured South East Asia with Australian band, For This Cause.
Departure of Joey Wilson, "Fallen" & "Rise" (2012–present).
On July 22, 2012 the band posted that they had officially began the pre-production (first half) for the follow up to "Identity On Fire". They stated that they would be entering the studio with Cameron Mizell around summer 2013. On September 19, it was speculated by fans that lead guitarist Joey Wilson had left the band. He confirmed this via a Facebook post stating he has parted ways with the band. There is no official word from the band and he has yet to state an official reason for his departure. Wilson has stated that he intends on furthering his music career with a new project with former A Skylit Drive lead vocalist Jordan Blake, called Speak Of The Devil.
A Skylit Drive entered the studio on Friday, October 26, 2012 to begin recording a new single; however, the actual recording sessions for the new album did not begin until June 1, 2013.
Their new single, titled "Fallen", was released on November 30, 2012 on the band's YouTube channel. On November 29, the lyric video for the single was posted on Tragic Hero Records' official YouTube channel with Fearless stating the new album will be a joint venture between both labels. On November 26, the band embarked on the Nut Up or Shut Up tour with Skip the Foreplay, At the Skylines, and Blessthefall. On December 4, A Skylit Drive performed "Fallen" live for the first time at the Opera House in Toronto, Canada.
The second half of pre-production began on February 3, 2013 in LA.
It was announced on April 22, 2013, that the band entered the studio a week before to continue writing their album with Jim Wirt (Hoobastank, Alien Ant Farm). It's also known that Kit Walters, Mitchell Marlow and Al Jacobs who already worked on the debut album Wires And The Concept Of Breathing, will be involved as well.
On April 26, 2013 A Skylit Drive attended a press conference for the Pulp Summer Slam XIII Til Death Do Us Part rock festival in Manila, Philippines. The press conference also included progressive rock bands Coheed and Cambria and Circa Survive, which played the festival along with metal bands DragonForce, As I Lay Dying, Cannibal Corpse, and Amoral.
The last day of pre-production with Jim Wirt in Cleveland was on May 10, 2013. The official recording sessions with producer Cameron Mizell began on June 1 at the Chango Studios in Lake Mary, Florida. Drums, bass, guitar and electronics were officially completed on June 14. with the band then going to Cameron Mizell's studio in Phoenix, Arizona, to record vocals. Lead vocalist Michael Jagmin has also stated in fan mail that unclean vocals are performed by himself, White and LaQuay. The band finished recording on June 30, 2013.
On July 18, the band announced that their brand new album will be entitled "Rise", and is set for release on September 24. They have also announced a headlining tour with supporters For All Those Sleeping, Wolves at the Gate, I the Mighty, and PVRIS in support of the new album. The first batch of tour dates were announced on July 24. 
On July 31, the band released the first single and title track off their new album, "Rise". The band also announced an Australian tour supporting Dream On Dreamer on August 13, and on the following day, released the tracklisting for "Rise" along with another batch of tour dates for their headliner. On September 6, the band release the second single of the album titled "Unbreakable".
"Rise" was released on September 24, 2013, and sold over 10,000 copies in its first week of release. It marked the biggest opening week for both A Skylit Drive and Tragic Hero Records. The band also announced on October 7 that they would be headlining a UK and European tour during November - December 2013 with supporters Violet and Here Lies a Warning, which was cancelled shortly after.
On December 18, 2013 the band announced "The Unconditional Tour" beginning late April through March with fellow acts The Word Alive, Memphis May Fire, Hands Like Houses and Beartooth. They also announced that they would once again be performing on Warped Tour for the 2014 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18461965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461965" title="Gilbert River (South Australia)">
Gilbert River (South Australia)

The Gilbert River is a river in the Mid North region of South Australia. 
Geography.
A watercourse of the Light River catchment, the Gilbert, which has a length of some 59km, rises near Manoora, on the Barrier Highway, at an elevation of 399 metres. 
It trends a broad and shallow valley through mainly undulating country, flowing south through Saddleworth, Riverton, Tarlee then southwest through Stockport and Hamley Bridge. It merges with the Light River just downstream of Hamley Bridge. The Light River continues west to Gulf St Vincent.
Characteristic with many Mid North streams, the Gilbert can entirely cease flowing in summer, yet be a swirling and dangerous torrent after flooding rains. Grain cropping and grazing are carried out along its banks, which are mainly low and open. 
History.
The river lies within the traditional lands of the indigenous Ngadjuri people, but their name for the river is unknown. Although there has never been a valid attribution for it, the European discoverer of the river is believed to be John Hill in early April 1839. Hill named it after Colonial Storekeeper Thomas Gilbert who was responsible for all government stores. The first mention of the river is by explorer Edward John Eyre. When he crossed the river in May 1839 on his northern expedition he acknowledged it was already named the Gilbert. The river was a source of fresh water for the settlements that soon followed, scattered along its banks. 
Bridges.
The earliest pioneers were obliged to ford the river, but following the founding of the Burra mines in 1846 the Great North Road (later named the Main North Road) between Adelaide and Gawler was extended to Burra. This took over a decade to construct and included the first bridges over the Gilbert, most being built in the early to mid 1850s.

</doc>
<doc id="18461979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461979" title="Mario Ielpo">
Mario Ielpo

Mario Ielpo (born June 8, 1963 in Rome) is an Italian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. After beginning his career with Lazio, he had six successful years at Cagliari, before serving as AC Milan's reserve 'keeper during their successful period in the mid-1990s. He ended his career with two years at Genoa. He now works as a television pundit, and is a qualified lawyer.

</doc>
<doc id="18461985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461985" title="Irena Jarocka">
Irena Jarocka

Irena Jarocka (18 August 1946 – 21 January 2012), was a Polish singer.
Career.
Education.
Jarocka was born in Srebrna Góra, Poland. She graduated from the V Liceum Ogólnokształcące im. Stefana Żeromskiego, and the faculty of music studies at Średnia Szkoła Muzyczna in Gdańsk, studying under professor Halina Mickiewiczówna. She later graduated from a Faculty of Biology at a teachers’ college. Between 1969 and 1973 she lived in Paris on a scholarship, studying at Le Petit Conservatoire de la Chanson. Unexpectedly diagnosed with brain cancer she died on the 21st of January 2012 in Warsaw.
Performance.
Jarocka participated in amateur singing competitions, and worked with Zespół Estradowy Marynarki Wojennej Flotylla. In 1966, at 20 years old, she debuted at Klub Rudy Kot in Gdańsk, and first participated in the Krajowy Festiwal Piosenki Polskiej in Opole. She also performed at the Sopot Festival.
She recorded albums for the Philips label and performed in concerts with Michel Sardou, Enrico Macias, Charles Aznavour, and Mireille Mathieu. She has sung in concerts within Poland and in Germany, Czechoslovakia, Bulgaria, Switzerland, Italy, Portugal, Luxembourg, Australia and France, and for Polish communities in the USA and Canada. Jarocka has worked with Polanie, Czerwone Gitary, Budka Suflera, and Exodus.
In 1990, she emigrated to the United States of America.
Film and TV.
Jarocka acted with Andrzej Kopiczyński in the film adaptation of "Motylem jestem, czyli romans 40-latka" ("I am a butterfly, or a 40-year-old’s romance"), the adventures of engineer Stefan Karwowski, scripted and directed by Jerzy Gruza and Krzysztof Teodor Toeplitz. In the film she sang her own songs "Motylem jestem" ("I am a butterfly") and "Po prostu człowiek" ("Simply a human").
Her performances and programs were recorded for Telewizja Polska stations in Gdańsk, Łódź, Poznań, Wrocław, Katowice, and Warsaw, including "Irena Jarocka zaprasza" ("Irena Jarocka Invites You"), "Irena Jarocka i jej goście" ("Irena Jarocka and Guests"), "Spotkanie z gwiazdą" ("A Meeting with a Star") which starred Michael Delpech, "Mężczyzna na niepogodę" ("Man for Bad Weather") with Roman Frankl, "Największe przeboje Ireny Jarockiej" ("Biggest Hits of Irena Jarocka"), "Zwariowany dzień" ("A Crazy Day"), and "Bo wszystko jest piosenką francuską" ("Because Everything is a French Song"). She also took part in "Muzyka łączy pokolenia" ("Music Connects Generations") on TVP3.
In 2006, in the USA, she took part in the "Amerykańskie Rozmowy w toku" ("American Conversations") with Ewa Drzyzga. The show dealt with famous Poles trying to make a living abroad.
Campaigns.
Jarocka joined the "Echo International" campaign, which resulted in two conferences in Gdynia promoting the health of women.
Later life.
From 1990 till 2007 she lived in USA with her husband Michael Sobolewski while performing frequently in the States and in Poland as well. In 2007 Jarocka published an autobiographical novel, "Motylem jestem, czyli piosenka o mnie samej" She died, aged 65, in Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="18461989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18461989" title="Akkad">
Akkad

Akkad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18462002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462002" title="Lac de Remoray">
Lac de Remoray

Lac de Remoray is a lake in the Doubs department of France. Located in the municipalities of Remoray-Boujeons and Labergement-Sainte-Marie, the lake is near Lac de Saint-Point. The lake and its surroundings were made a nature preserve in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18462030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462030" title="Sawanotsuru">
Sawanotsuru

Origins.
The name Sawanotsuru, meaning "crane of the swamp," comes from Japanese mythology. After princess Yamatohime-no-mikoto (倭姫命) moved the shrine of the sun goddess to its present location at Ise, she came across a white crane in a swamp. The crane held a sheaf of rice in its beak and presented it to the princess. The princess bid the god Isawatominokami (伊佐波登美神) to brew sake from the rice and offer it to the sun goddess. She then declared the crane to be Ōtoshinokami (大歳神), God of Grains, establishing the Izawanomiya Shrine (伊雑宮) for it, as a sub-shrine of Ise Shrine. 
According to the brewery's website, in addition to this story, the image of a crane in a swamp is also meant to evoke a world wet, sun-lit, and rich with life, where the crane rests before taking flight again.
Products.
Within Sawanotsuru's range of products, there are 27 types of sakes which have been brewed, differing according to the type of ingredients and the brewing process. These amount to 35 sizes altogether.
Awards.
Sawanotsuru has participated in the Monde Selection Awards from the 25th World Selection in 1987 and since then has won many awards. The company temporarily stopped participation in 1995 due to the Great Hanshin earthquake but continued soon after. 
In 2007, Sawanotsuru received the Crystal Prestige Trophy in the 45th World Selection, which is awarded in recognition to companies who have participated and produced consistent quality over the past 10 years. The entire Sawanotsuru Co. product range has also managed to win five Grand Gold Medals and 41 Gold Medals over the years for many of its products, with its Daiginjo Zuicho sake claiming the most awards.
Sawanotsuru Museum.
The Sawanotsuru Museum was opened in November 1978, with the aim of leaving the history of sake brewing to future generations. In March 1980, both the museum and the sake brewing tools held within it were designated as "Important Tangible Folk Cultural Properties" by Hyogo Prefecture. 
In the Great Hanshin earthquake, the museum was completely destroyed and was not reopened again until March 1999, three years and seven months later. The new museum is now designed to be earthquake-proof.

</doc>
<doc id="18462038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462038" title="Gustav Smedal">
Gustav Smedal

Gustav Smedal (1888–1951) was a Norwegian jurist and irredentist activist.
He was known for his activism in the so-called "Greenland case", where Norway claimed a part of Greenland. In 1931 a Norwegian expedition occupied a portion of East Greenland, naming it Erik the Red's Land. Following a Permanent Court of International Justice ruling in 1933, in the disfavor of Norway, the official claims were abandoned, but Smedal continued his activism.
A nationalist, Smedal would find himself collaborating with the national socialist regime during the German occupation of Norway. He enrolled in Nasjonal Samling, at that time the only legal party, in 1942, but never worked directly for the party. Wishing to create ties between Smedal and the party, the regime offered him positions as law professor, Supreme Court Justice and even Chief of the Supreme Court. Smedal, being economically independent, only accepted a position as honorary professor in 1943. Instead, he was active in the organization "Norges Ishavskomité" together with another prominent Nazi Adolf Hoel. Smedal published several articles and pamphlettes to strengthen a Norwegian claim to Greenland, which in the meantime (1941) had been occupied by the United States. He tried to persuade Reichskommissar Josef Terboven and others, but nothing happened.
As part of the legal purge in Norway after World War II, Smedal was punished economically for his collaboration.

</doc>
<doc id="18462042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462042" title="Mourlot">
Mourlot

The Mourlot family has been closely associated with the arts since 1852. The family ran Mourlot Studios, also known as Imprimerie Mourlot, Ateliers Mourlot and Mourlot Freres.

</doc>
<doc id="18462064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462064" title="Carl Lauritzen">
Carl Lauritzen

Carl Lauritzen (4 April 1879 – 18 April 1940), was a Danish actor. He appeared in 15 films between 1912 and 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18462076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462076" title="Zimbrul și Vulturul">
Zimbrul și Vulturul

Zimbrul şi Vulturul (""The Wisent and the Eagle"") was a 19th Century Romanian newspaper, published in the city of Iași (Iassy), capital of the Principality of Moldavia, and having readership in other parts of what was to become the Kingdom of Romania.
A surviving copy of the paper, dated November 11, 1858, was placed for auction December 3, 2006 through the David Feldman S.A. auction house of Geneva. Several parties expressed interest in purchasing the copy, including the Romanian Ministry of Culture and Religious Affairs. The copy sold for €700,000 (US$927,000 in 2006) to London-based Israeli businessman Joseph Hackmey (יוסי חכמי), a collector of Romanian stamps and memorabilia. Including fees and commissions, the total price was €829,500 (US$1.1 million in 2006), the highest ever paid for a copy of a newspaper.
Chahami told a "Yediot Aharonot" correspondent that this copy of the newspaper bears eight rare Romanian stamps - the famous Cap de bour ("The Head of Aurochs") IASSY MOLDOVA - issued by Moldavia in that same year (1858) and used as postage for sending the newspaper to a subscriber in the city of Galaţi. "The combination of a rare newspaper and rare stamps have made this a unique item, well worth the price I paid for it" said Hackmey.

</doc>
<doc id="18462093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462093" title="Patricia D. Jehlen">
Patricia D. Jehlen

Patricia D. Jehlen (born October 14, 1943 in Austin, Texas) is a member of the Massachusetts Senate representing the 2nd Middlesex district, which includes the communities of Medford, Somerville, Winchester, and Woburn. She is a Democrat who has served since October 2005. In her first year she served as Chairman of the Public Service Committee. In January 2007 she was appointed Senate Chairman of the Committee on Elder Affairs, Vice-Chairman of the Committee on Municipalities and Regional Government, and Vice-Chairman of the Committee on State Administration. She also serves on the Committees of Children, Families, and People with Disabilities; Health Care Financing; Labor and Workforce Development; and Public Safety and Homeland Security.
Career.
She is Chair of the Committee on Elder Affairs, Vice-Chair of the Committee on Municipalities and Regional Government and Vice-Chair of the Committee on State Administration and Regulatory Oversight. She also serves on the Committee on Children and Families, Committee on Healthcare Financing, Committee on Labor and Workforce Development and the Committee on Public Safety and Homeland Security.
Jehlen, as chair of Elder Affairs, increased the Personal Needs Allowance for people in rest homes and nursing homes for the first time since it was cut in 1990. She also got $6.2 million in additional funding for homecare, allowing 260 nursing home-eligible seniors to stay in their communities. Jehlen also successfully succeeded in bringing overdue adjustments to the needs of senior citizens, including an increase in their personal needs allowance, and to increase homemaker wages and the salary reserve for those who provide for the care of elders.
Her top legislative priorities are equitable and excellent education, universal and affordable health care, jobs with decent wages and benefits, and paid family leave.
Education and Experience.
Jehlen, a former history teacher and VISTA volunteer, graduated from Swarthmore College, received a Masters degree in teaching from Harvard University, and completed Master's course work in history at University of Massachusetts Boston. She currently teaches a course in Health Politics and Public Policy at the Boston University School of Public Health.
From 1976 to 1991, she served on the Somerville School Committee, as chairman in 1980 and 1988. She was among the founders of the CHOICE program, a public school alternative elementary program. On the state level, she helped found the Council for Fair School Finance, which brought the successful lawsuit which led to the education reform of 1993, and brought hundreds of millions of dollars in new state aid to communities.
Jehlen served from 1991 to 2005 in the Massachusetts House of Representatives, where she served as Co-Chairman of the Progressive Legislator's Group (PLG), Co-Chairman of the Elder Caucus, and Vice-Chairman of the Committee on Elder Affairs. Among her successful legislation were bills to increase literacy for blind people, ensure the rights of people living with mental illness, and provide compensation for the wrongfully convicted.
As chair of the Progressive Legislators Group and member of the Working Families Agenda in the House, Jehlen helped raise the minimum wage and won tax cuts for working families like increasing the earned income tax credit and adopting the senior circuit breaker
2005 Election.
On April 5, 2004, State Senator Charlie Shannon died, and a special election was soon declared to fill his seat. Jehlen, whose state house district lay within the senate district vacated by Shannon, entered the race. She faced three other candidates in the Democratic primary: State Representative Paul Casey of Winchester, Governor's Councilor Michael Callahan of Medford, and former State Representative Joseph Mackey, who had represented the same district Jehlen now did.
Jehlen staked out her position early as "the progressive", with the support of a plethora of unions and statewide and national progressive organizations, including MassEquality, SEIU, and Democracy for America. Although the race was considered wide open, with expectations that any of the four candidates could win, 
Jehlen won a substantial victory in the August 30th primary:
She went on to defeat Somerville Alderman-at-large William White, the Republican Candidate, in the September 27th general election. She was sworn in October 12, 2005.
Awards.
Awards in 2007
Awards in 2008

</doc>
<doc id="18462106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462106" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Winnebago County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Winnebago County, Wisconsin

__NOTOC__
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Winnebago County, Wisconsin.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are 85 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Several of these properties in Oshkosh were used in filming the 2009 movie Public Enemies.

</doc>
<doc id="18462107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462107" title="Yoanka González">
Yoanka González

Yoanka González Pérez (born 9 January 1976 in Villa Clara) is a Cuban racing cyclist. She was the 2004 scratch cycling world champion. She is also the wife of cyclist Pedro Pablo Pérez.

</doc>
<doc id="18462108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462108" title="Michael Gehrke">
Michael Gehrke

Michael Gehrke is an American political consultant specializing in opposition research. He has served as the research director for the Democratic National Committee, the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, the John Kerry presidential campaign, and in the White House during the Clinton Administration. He has also worked as executive director of the Senate Majority Project, which seeks to monitor the accountability of Republicans in the Senate.
Gehrke grew up in Salt Lake City, Utah. He holds a B.A. and a J.D. from the University of Utah. He got his start in opposition research as a young volunteer, taping opponent events and researching courthouse records. Gehrke is an advocate of public records research over private spying against candidates. Gehrke has said that his most exciting discovery of information occurred in the 2002 Louisiana senate runoff, when he discovered that the George W. Bush administration was secretly negotiating with the Mexican government to impose a tariff which would have harmed Louisiana trade. For the Republican senatorial candidate, who had enthusiastically aligned herself with Bush, the publicizing of the secret Bush deal was devastating, and the Bush administration ultimately canceled the deal.
Gehrke is somewhat of a pioneer in campaign "tracker programs." Gehrke also centralized video footage of Republican candidates and essentially made a digital archive from which voters could edit their own attack ads.
As the Research Director at the DNC, Gehrke established what amounted to systematic surveillance of Republican candidates and appealed to supporters to help him create "a Party apparatus that can immediately respond to missteps, lies, and scandals of the 2008 election cycle, and establish a narrative that our party’s nominee can use when the primary season ends," citing the "macaca moment" that put Democrat Jim Webb in the Senate as proof that tracker programs work: "Just as you helped put organizers on the ground in all 50 states, you can help build the Democratic Party’s research shop. Make a donation today."
Gehrke now works for the Benenson Strategy Group in Washington, D.C.
Quotes by Michael Gehrke.
“People think you run around digging through dumpsters looking for things. In general, researchers just can’t take much credit or blame. What we do now is manage and figure out how to use what’s generally public information that anyone has access to.”

</doc>
<doc id="18462110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462110" title="The Singing Bee (U.S. game show)">
The Singing Bee (U.S. game show)

The Singing Bee is a karaoke game show that originally aired on NBC and now airs on CMT. Combining karaoke singing with a spelling bee-style competition, this show features contestants trying to remember the lyrics to popular songs. Originally slated to begin with a six episode series during the fall of 2007, it launched early in reaction to FOX's competing "Don't Forget the Lyrics!".
Broadcast history.
"The Singing Bee" premiered with a half-hour episode on July 10 at 9:30pm Eastern/8:30pm Central, beating "Don't Forget the Lyrics!" to the air by one day. The premiere episode was repeated the following night, July 11, 2007, at 8:30pm Eastern/7:30pm Central. On NBC, it was hosted by Joey Fatone. The house band, The Groove, was led by Ray Chew and features: Deanna Johnston, Paula MacNeill, Wes Quave, Tom Sartori, Storm Lee, Kelli Sae, Jeschelle Magbitang, Carmen Carter, Kara Shaw, Leah Shaffer, Karen Ashe, Christopher "C.J." Emmons, Vann Johnson and Chris "Breeze" Barczynski. The back-up singers were Toni Scruggs and Tanya Diona. Dancing to the band are the house dancers, The Honeybees: Ferly Prado Dunn, Monique Cash, Holly Cruikshank, and Lisa Byrne.
Melissa Peterman hosts the CMT version. The house band, Steve Dorff and the Bee Hive, also features: Roger Cain, Scotty Kormos, Tony Love, and Jeff Vincent. The singers are Jared Johnson, Baylie Brown, Beau Davidson, Paula MacNeill, Kim Parent, and Bobby Tomberlin.
In each episode, six contestants (four contestants in season two) will be selected from the audience to play a series of games that test their knowledge of song lyrics. If a contestant makes an error, he or she will forfeit her chance to get into the "musical chairs". If a contestant is not in a musical chair when the round is over, he or she is eliminated.
In a promo for the show's launch, NBC revived their original 1983 slogan "Be There" as "Bee There".
Due to low ratings, and to make room for "The Biggest Loser", NBC put "The Singing Bee" on hiatus for November sweeps. "The Singing Bee" returned on December 21, 2007, and aired two new episodes each Friday, before being placed on hiatus again. On April 2, 2008, NBC announced its schedule for the 2008-2009 television season. "The Singing Bee" was left off this list, and is officially canceled. A spin off of the show, "The Singing Office", debuted on June 29, 2008, hosted by Fatone and Mel B and airing on TLC.
On April 29, 2009, CMT confirmed that it would revive the series in the summer of 2009 with Melissa Peterman
as host. "The Singing Bee" premiered on CMT on June 20 and will now air every Saturday at 9pm. Melissa Peterman confirmed the show was renewed for another season on August 24, 2009. In November, 2010 CMT reportedly picked up the show for a third season.
Format.
As mentioned, at the start of the show, the band plays a song and the host "randomly" gives audience members a chance to sing part of the song. If they sing it correctly, they become one of the contestants on the show. This part of the show is actually staged, and the contestants are preselected. During this part of the program, you can sometimes see (as the contestants run up to the stage) that the lyrics for the song are being scrolled on a banner over the stage so that the preselected contestants don't make a mistake.
Round 1.
The host would provide the year the song was released, the performer, and the name of the song. A portion of the song is performed, and then the contestant has to attempt to sing the next line of the song. If correct, they advance to the next round, and a new song is introduced, which the next contestant in line must attempt; if not, they have to step back, and the next person in line tries the same song. A song is thrown out if none of the remaining contestants get the lyrics correct. The first four people (three people in season two) who get a song lyric correct move on to the second round, and any contestant who hasn't had a chance and loses returns on a future episode.
Round 2.
The contestants who advanced go up in pairs to play a mini-game. The winner of the game advances to the championship round. In the CMT version, all four contestants play 3 mini-games for points, the two players with the most points moves on to the Chorus Showdown.
Chorus Showdown.
This follows a similar format to the first round, but instead of singing a line, the contestant is required to sing the entire chorus without mistakes from the song performed. If both are correct or incorrect (sometimes after two rounds), then they go to a tiebreaker, where they are given the year and the name of the performer and the first person to buzz in will be given the option of singing or passing. If the singer is correct, they win. If the singer is wrong, the other contestant wins.
The winner moves on to the Final Countdown.
In the CMT version, Peterman gives the year, artist, but not the name of the song just yet. Then, the contestant in the lead gets the choice to play that song or pass it, then they give the name of the song.
The Final Countdown.
Ray Chew introduces this concluding round by announcing in song: "It's the Final Countdown!" Up to 7 songs are performed in a similar manner to the first round, but the contestant knows nothing about the song, (artist, title, year) and thus must use the lyrics in order to win the big money. For each song lyric that is sung correctly, the player wins $5,000. If the player gets five right, then they win $50,000. However, if they sing a lyric incorrectly, a strike is given. If three strikes are given at any point, the game is over, but the contestant still wins whatever money was accumulated up to that point. Beginning in the second season, the winning contestant also defends as champion title to face three more challengers. On the new CMT version of the show, correctly guessing a song earns $500, and getting five wins $10,000.
Changes for One-Hour Shows.
The above format is the standard for a 30-minute episode of the show.
In a one-hour show, several changes are made:
Ratings.
The first episode premiered with 13.1 million viewers. It was the biggest summer premiere since ABC's premiere of "Dancing with the Stars". The debut episode finished second for the week of July 9–15, 2007, by an extremely close margin. The number one program, the 2007 MLB All-Star Game, beat "Bee" with an 8.4 rating, to the game show's 8.1
However, The Singing Bee hit an all-time low in the ratings with a 1.7 rating, on October 30, 2007. On December 28, 2007, The Singing Bee scored a 3.7/7 rating, and came in second place behind "Ghost Whisperer", before it was announced as cancelled.
International versions.
NOTE: Prior to the premiere of the American version, British Network ITV had its own version of the show titled "Sing It Back: Lyric Champion". 2M TV in Morocco already had their own version of the show since 2005, called "Fasila", but since September 2007 they changed the rules into that of the American version.

</doc>
<doc id="18462114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462114" title="The Singing Bee">
The Singing Bee

The Singing Bee may refer to the game show franchise:

</doc>
<doc id="18462122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462122" title="2007 China Baseball League season">
2007 China Baseball League season

The 2007 China Baseball League season saw the Tianjin Lions defeat the Guangdong Leopards in 3 games to 1 to win the Championship Series.
Standings.
Reference:

</doc>
<doc id="18462130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462130" title="Polonia (Elgar)">
Polonia (Elgar)

Polonia is a symphonic prelude by the English composer Edward Elgar written in 1915 as his Op. 76.
History.
On 13 April 1915 the Polish conductor Emil Młynarski asked Elgar to compose something, thinking of how Elgar's "Carillon" had been a recent tribute to Belgium, but this time using Polish national music.
The piece was mainly Elgar's own work, but he included quotations from the "Warszawianka" and other Polish patriotic songs, the Polish National Anthem, and themes by Frédéric Chopin and Ignacy Jan Paderewski.
It was first performed at the Polish Victims' Relief Fund Concert in the Queen's Hall, London on 6 July 1915, with the orchestra conducted by the composer. The Relief Fund was a worldwide effort, organised by Paderewski and Henryk Sienkiewicz, in aid of refugees from the terrible conflict in Poland between the forces of Russia and Germany. There were elaborately engraved programmes, each tied with a red and white ribbon, containing messages from Paderewski. Elgar conducted his première and Thomas Beecham conducted the remainder of the concert.
Elgar dedicated "Polonia" to Paderewski, already a distinguished pianist and composer. Paderewski had written his own "Polonia" in 1908, his Symphony in B minor, to which he had given that subtitle.
On 29 August 1915, Elgar wrote to Paderewski, asking for permission for the quotation from his "Fantasie Polonaise" to be published:
Paderewski received the work with genuine admiration. He wrote to Elgar after hearing the work for a second time in October:
Themes.
Elgar quotes Polish patriotic songs, the Polish National Anthem, and themes by Chopin and Paderewski, integrating with them a theme of his own, said to be the motive of his admiration for the Polish people.
The first theme that Elgar uses is heard, after an introductory flourish, played by the bassoons. It is a quote from the "Warszawianka", which has the words ""Śmiało podnieśmy sztandar nasz w górę"" ("Bravely let us raise our flag"). This is immediately followed by a "Nobilmente" theme (Elgar's own), broadly stated then dying away to lead to the second national theme which is the dignified ""Chorał"" or ""Z dymem pożarów"" ("With the smoke of fires"), first played simply by the cellos (with a cor anglais) and a harp, later by the woodwind with a violin countermelody, before being played by the full orchestra. The "Warszawianka" theme is then developed, leading into a brief return of Elgar's theme, before a quotation from Paderewski's "Fantasie Polonaise" appears, signalled by the ring of a triangle. The magical section following quotes from Chopin's Nocturne in G minor, played by a solo violin, during which the Paderewski theme is heard, and is quietly interrupted by the "Warszawianka". There is further development which leads to a triumphant return of the "Chorale", which sounds like a conclusion to the work, but no: the "Chorale" dies away, there is a simple statement of the Polish National Anthem ""Jeszcze Polska nie zginęła"" ("Poland Is Not Yet Lost"), and it is this Anthem which brings the work to a brilliantly orchestrated conclusion. For the final bars, the instruments of the orchestra are joined by the organ.

</doc>
<doc id="18462154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462154" title="Frederik Jacobsen">
Frederik Jacobsen

Frederik Jacobsen (12 September 1876 – 4 September 1922), was a Danish actor. He appeared in 27 films between 1911 and 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="18462155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462155" title="Lacs de Clairvaux">
Lacs de Clairvaux

Lacs de Clairvaux are two lakes at Clairvaux-les-Lacs in the Jura department of France. The "Grand Lac" has a surface area of 56.5 ha, the "Petit Lac" of 17 ha.

</doc>
<doc id="18462161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462161" title="Adrian McKinty">
Adrian McKinty

Adrian McKinty is an Irish novelist. He was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland in 1968 and grew up in Victoria Council Estate, Carrickfergus, County Antrim. He read law at the University of Warwick and politics and philosophy at the University of Oxford. He moved to the United States in the early 1990s, living first in Harlem, New York and from 2001 onwards Denver, Colorado where he taught high school English and began writing fiction. He currently lives in Melbourne, Australia with his wife and two children.
Writing career.
McKinty has written twelve books, six of which form two trilogies. He is primarily known as a writer of genre fiction: crime and mystery novels and young adult fiction. McKinty writes in a stylized prose manner with echoes of James Ellroy, and Elmore Leonard. "Publishers Weekly" has called him "one of his generation's leading talents" and Patrick Anderson of the "Washington Post" has praised McKinty as a leading light in the "new wave" of Irish crime novelists whose most celebrated members are Ken Bruen, Declan Hughes and John Connolly. McKinty has been criticised for the explicit use of violence in his novels, however John O'Connor reviewing McKinty's "Fifty Grand" in "The Guardian" called him a "master of modern noir, up there with the likes of Dennis Lehane." McKinty uses the classic noir tropes of revenge and betrayal to explore his characters' existential quest for meaning in an often bleak but lyrically intense universe. Steve Dougherty writing in "The Wall Street Journal" praised McKinty's use of irony and humor as a counterpart to the violent world inhabited by McKinty's Sean Duffy character.
Journalism.
McKinty has written articles and book reviews for "The Washington Post", "The Times", "The Independent", "The Australian","The Melbourne Age" and "Harpers Magazine".
Personal life.
After graduating from Oxford University in 1993 McKinty moved to New York City and found work as a security guard, barman, bookstore clerk, rugby coach, door to door salesman and librarian. In 2000 he relocated to Denver, Colorado to become a high school English teacher. In 2008 he and his family moved to St Kilda, Melbourne, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18462174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462174" title="University of the Philippines College of Mass Communication">
University of the Philippines College of Mass Communication

The UP College of Mass Communication or UP CMC is the leading institution in mass media education in the Philippines. Formally established in March 1965 as the Institute of Mass Communication, it is an independent degree-granting unit of the University of the Philippines Diliman, and offers programs in the field of media and communication studies.
The college, situated at Plaridel Hall, Ylanan Road, University of the Philippines Diliman, Quezon City, is home to two of the Commission on Higher Education's Centers of Excellence in Communication Education, which are the Departments of Journalism and Communication Research. The Broadcast Communication and the Film departments, meanwhile, are candidates for Centers of Development.
After the term of Dr. Elena E. Pernia ended on May 31, 2009, the current Dean of UP CMC is Dr. Rolando B. Tolentino of the Film Institute.
History.
On June 19, 1965 Republic Act No. 4379 was passed, providing for the establishment of the University of the Philippines Institute of Mass Communication (UP-IMC). Dr. Gloria Feliciano was appointed director, and later dean, of the Institute. UP-IMC was formally established as an academic unit on August 23, 1966 offering journalism courses leading to the A.B. Journalism degree.
In school year 1966-67, the A.B. Broadcast Communication and the M.A. programs were instituted. It was also in May 1967 that the Institute graduated its first batch of students—nine A.B. Journalism majors.
By September 9, 1969, the Institute had transferred from the College of Arts and Sciences to Plaridel Hall. The third undergraduate program of IMC, the A.B. Communication Research, was instituted on April 7, 1975.
Seven years later, in school year 1982-83, the Ph.D. in Communication program was instituted. It was also during this schoolyear that the merging of the three undergraduate programs into one B.A. Communication program with major in any of the three old programs (journalism, broadcast communication, and communication research) was undertaken. Likewise, the three masteral programs were merged into one M.A. in Communication program and students could major in either broadcast communication, journalism or communication research.
In school year 1984-85, the Film and Audiovisual Communication's program was added to the Institute's undergraduate course offerings. The following school year, Prof. Georgina R. Encanto was appointed new Dean of the Institute, succeeding Dr. Gloria D. Feliciano.
December 1, 1987 marked the reactivation of the DZUP under the management of the institute.
On April 28, 1988, almost 23 years after it was established, the UP IMC was elevated by the UP Board of Regents. Dr. Delia R. Barcelona then became the Dean in 1991. Prof. Luis V. Teodoro was dean from 1994 to 2000. During his term, the A.B. Communication program was divided once more into four distinct courses.
Construction of the new Mass Media Center began in late 1996 during the term of Dean Teodoro, who conceptualized the Center to prepare the College for the 21st century, and raised the initial funds for its construction. In 1998, the Commission on Higher Education named the Journalism and Communication Research departments as its Centers of Excellence in the study of communication. The Broadcast Communication and the Film departments, meanwhile, are candidates for Centers of Development.
In 2002, during the deanship of Prof. Ellen Paglinauan, a new MA Media Studies program was instituted with specializations in Broadcast Communication, Journalism, Film. The latter is considered to be the first (and only) graduate program in film in the Philippines. Dean Nicanor Tiongson, meanwhile, started two new Mass Comm institutions: the Plaridel Journal and the Gawad Plaridel.
A new Ph.D. program in Media Studies was introduced under the term of Dean Rolando Tolentino.
Journal.
UP CMC publishes the "Plaridel Journal," one of the few academic journals in the field in the Philippines.
Plaridel is published biannually (15 February & 30 August) by the Office of Research & Publication of UP CMC.
Plaridel is the nom de plume of Filipino hero Marcelo H. del Pilar. February 15, 1889 is the date of the first issue of La Solidaridad, a progressive paper that he edited. August 30, 1850 is the birthday of Del Pilar.
Gawad Plaridel.
The UP Gawad Plaridel Award is the sole award in the University of the Philippines System given to outstanding media practitioners.
The Gawad bestows honor on Filipino media practitioners who have excelled in any of the media (print, film, radio, television, and new media) and performed with the highest level of professional integrity in the interest of public service. The recognition, which comes with a Napoleon Abueva trophy, is given to one practitioner in one medium for each year. The awardee is expected to deliver the Plaridel Lecture which addresses important media issues.
Given annually, it started in 2004 with Eugenia Apostol, publisher and founding chair of the Philippine Daily Inquirer as its first awardee. In 2005, it was awarded to premier actress Mayor Vilma Santos, PhD honoris causa, for film. Veteran radio broadcaster Fidela Magpayo, a.k.a. 'Tiya Dely', was the 2006 recipient. Cheche Lazaro received the award for 2007 for her outstanding contributions to the local television industry and broadcast journalism, while for 2008, Pachico A. Seares, editor-in-chief of Sun.Star Cebu and Sun.Star Superbalita (Cebu), was chosen as the recipient of the award for his contributions to community journalism.
Active CMC-based Student Organizations.
"the parenthesized names are the names to which the organizations are recognized in the college"

</doc>
<doc id="18462181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462181" title="Holly Watson">
Holly Watson

Holly Watson (born Holly Renee Smith, April 1968) is a TV spokeswoman, Gospel singer, TV host and actress from Franklin, Tennessee, originally hailing from Ohio. Mrs Watson graduated from Belmont University with a BS in Broadcasting. She is well known in local TV markets in Florida, for her voiceover work at MBCreative, Inc., and Syracuse, New York for her advertisements for auto dealerships. She also provides radio commercials and voiceover work for CB&T bank, as well as commercials for Deaconess Gateway Hospitals. and Toyota Motor Corporation. Mrs Watson has recently appeared in TV commercials with Todd Caputo, who operates several car dealerships in the Central New York area, as the self described "Used Car King" in Chittenango, New York. Holly is the daughter of famed Country singer Margo Smith. Holly and her mother, formed a Christian music duo in the 1980s named Margo Smith and Holly and were popular Christian singers through much of the 1980s.And she writes 
the book " The sherlock Holmes Academy" 
Family.
Holly, and her husband Kevin, recently welcomed a baby boy named Brody, who joined his brother Grayden.

</doc>
<doc id="18462194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462194" title="Breton mutations">
Breton mutations

Like all modern Celtic languages, Breton is characterised by initial consonant mutations, which are changes to the initial sound of a word caused by certain syntactic or morphological environments. In addition Breton, like French, has a number of purely phonological sandhi features caused when certain sounds come into contact with others.
The mutations are divided into four main groups, according to the changes they cause: soft mutation (Breton "kemmadurioù dre vlotaat"), hard mutation ("kemmadurioù dre galetaat"), spirant mutation ("kemmadurioù c'hwezhadenniñ") and mixed mutation ("kemmadurioù mesket"). There are also a number of "defective" (or incomplete) mutations which affect only certain words or certain letters.
Summary of sound changes.
The main mutations cause the following changes:
Functions of mutations.
The role which initial mutations play in Breton grammar can be divided into three categories (which are not mutually exclusive):
Soft mutation.
The soft mutation is by far the most frequent mutation in Breton, both in terms of the number of consonants it affects and the number of environments in which it occurs.
Environments.
After definite and indefinite articles.
The definite article "ar/an" and the indefinite "ur/un" cause the soft mutation of:
Nouns beginning with "d-" and a few others do not mutate after the articles.
After proclitics.
The following grammatical words cause mutations to a following word: 
After adjectives and nouns.
The soft mutation occurs in:
These mutations are limited. When the first word ends in a vowel or "-l, -r, -m, -n" it causes the soft mutation wherever possible, but when the first word ends in any other consonant only the consonants "g-, gw-, m-, b-" change in the following words.
Spirant mutation.
Effects.
The Spirant Mutation transforms three unvoiced plosive consonants into fricatives: p → f , t → z and k → c'h .
Environments.
The mutation occurs following:
In the spoken language the spirant mutation is usually replaced with the soft mutation after numerals.
Hard mutation.
Effects.
The hard mutation causes voiced stops to be devoiced: b /b/ → p /p/, d /d/ → t /t/, g /g/ → k /k/.
Environments.
The mutation is caused by:
Mixed mutation.
Effects.
The mixed mutation causes:
Environments.
The mixed mutation occurs after:
Mutations and external sandhi.
All of the consonant mutations described above began as simple phonological processes in the Common Brittonic language from which Breton arose and became standardised as grammatical processes as the language developed. Similar phonological processes continued to affect Breton and cause changes to word-initial sounds, but they are usually applied based on the phonology of the preceding word and not on its function. Because of this, they cannot be described as true initial mutations and are more properly aspects of external sandhi.
Nasalisation.
The true nasal mutation which occurs in Welsh never occurred in Breton and Cornish, where it was replaced by the Spirant Mutation (compare Welsh "fy nghi" "my dog" with Breton "ma c'hi"). But there was assimilation of the voiced plosives, particularly "b, d" to a preceding nasal and this was often written in Middle Breton. 
Today it is only written with "an nor" "the door" but can still be heard dialectally in other words, e.g. "an den" "one" (lit. "the person") & "bennak(et)" "some" .
Spirantisation.
Today, a number of nouns beginning with k change to "c'h" following the articles "ar" "the" and "ur" "a":
Although this is the same process seen in the Spirant Mutation (e.g. following "hor" "our"), it is really an external sandhi which has become fixed in writing.
"Interchangeable" consonants.
Breton has a series of 'interchangeable' consonants, composed of plosives and fricatives. When these sounds occur word-finally, they may be pronounced voiceless or voiced depending on the word that follows:
The table below shows the 'interchangeable' consonants:
These changes are "never" written but occur regularly, regardless of how the final consonant is spelled:
Exceptions.
More information on this phenomenon can be found in the thesis of François Falc'hun: ""Le système consonantique du Breton"".
Orthography of mutations.
In Old and Middle Breton, it was extremely rare to write the consonant mutations. Around the 17th century, the Jesuits started to learn Breton and introduced the writing of mutations.
Sometimes, the mutated letter is written "before" the radical letter in the style of the Gaelic languages, to make recognition easier. This is largely confined to proper nouns (e.g. "Itron vMaria" "the virgin Maria" is pronounced ".
Some processes which are properly part of external sandhi have become crystalised in the written language, whilst others havent.

</doc>
<doc id="18462221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462221" title="Ping.fm">
Ping.fm

Ping.fm was a free social networking and micro-blogging web service that enabled users to post to multiple social networks simultaneously.
Making an update on Ping.fm pushes the update to a number of different social websites at once. This allows individuals using multiple social networks to update their status only once, without having to update it in all their social media individually. Ping.fm groups services into three categories – status updates, blogs, and micro-blogs – and updates can be sent to each group separately.
Ping.fm was shut down on 5 July 2012, to be replaced by Seesmic Ping.
History.
Ping.fm was created with the intent of making it as easy as possible to post updates to multiple social networking sites simultaneously.
Open Beta.
After six months of being in closed beta, an announcement was made on 2 September 2008 that would no longer require private invite beta codes to be used to register and use the service. The launch into Open Beta was covered by outlets like "Wired", and "Mashable".
Comparisons with similar websites.
Ping.fm has been compared favorably to other websites with similar functionality like HelloTxt.
Technology.
Ping.fm is powered by LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP) with some .NET used in the core software. An API allows programmers to apply for an application key in order to develop third party applications. Users must apply for an API key through their user profile.
Supported services.
A user can configure his or her Ping.fm account to aggregate content to the following services:
Note: Google Buzz was discontinued by Google on December 15, 2011.
Acquisition by Seesmic.
On 4 January 2010, Seesmic announced that it would be acquiring Ping.fm.
In May 2012, Seesmic announced in its blog that Ping.fm would be closed in June 2012.
In September 2012, Seesmic was acquired by HootSuite.

</doc>
<doc id="18462222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462222" title="Richard Guenther House">
Richard Guenther House

Richard Guenther House in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, United States, is a house built in 1888. It was a home of Prussian-born Richard W. Guenther, who became a U.S. Congressman from Oshkosh.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 for its architectural significance.
It was designed by architect William Waters.

</doc>
<doc id="18462251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462251" title="Gepanzerte Pioniermaschine">
Gepanzerte Pioniermaschine

Gepanzerte Pioniermaschine (GPM) was the design for two prototype armored engineer vehicles for the "Bundeswehr".
At the end of the 1960s, it was determined hitherto the forward troops demanded a better answer than the "Pionierpanzer" 2 currently in use, and in 1972, research began on the development of an improved successor. The firms Eisenwerke Kaiserslautern (EWK, now Santa Barbara Systems, a division of General Dynamics) and Maschinenbau Kiel (MAK) were each commissioned to build prototypes.
Hull, running gear, and drivetrain were derived from the Bergepanzer 2A1.
Due to the overweight of the system, the engine compartment was covered with an aluminum plate
With the digging shovel sideways, despite suggestions, it is incapable of digging the road out from under itself. 
Front-mounted dozer blade, operated by two pivoting hydraulic telescopic arms
Usually the driver operates with the right telescoping arm and the operator with the left telescoping arm. The operator was able to work with both telescoping arms and oversteering the driver. 
Trials were carried out between 1976 and 1980 and were successfully completed at the "Pionierschule" (Army School for Engineers and Construction) in Munich (now in Ingolstadt) and at "Bundeswehr Engineers Equipment an Fuel Transportation Systems Test Center" (ErprSt 51/now WTD 51), Koblenz.
Several problems remained unresolved:
"Bundeswehr" decided instead of developing the Pionierpanzer Dachs, it would work on improving the existing PiPz 1. The main outstanding task is the replacement of the single arm crane of the PiPz 1 with the EWK's telescoping shovel.

</doc>
<doc id="18462290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462290" title="South West Hertfordshire by-election, 1979">
South West Hertfordshire by-election, 1979

The South West Hertfordshire by-election, 1979 was a parliamentary by-election held on 13 December 1979 for the British House of Commons constituency of South West Hertfordshire.
Previous MP.
The seat fell vacant when the constituency's Conservative Member of Parliament (MP), Geoffrey Hugh Dodsworth (born 7 June 1928) resigned due to ill health. On 24 October 1979 he was appointed Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds, a notional office of profit under the Crown, in order to vacate his Parliamentary seat.
He is an accountant, who had contested Don Valley in 1959 and Hartlepool in 1964. He had represented South West Hertfordshire from the February 1974 general election.
Candidates.
Six candidates were nominated. The list below is set out in descending order of the number of votes received at the by-election.
1. The Conservative candidate was Richard Lewis Page (born on 22 February 1941), a mechanical engineer and company director.
He served previously as MP for Workington, between winning a 1976 by-election and being defeated at the 1979 general election. Page had also contested Workington in the February 1974 and October 1974 general elections.
After winning this by-election he was a junior minister under John Major. He stepped down from the House of Commons at the 2005 general election.
2. Mrs Susan A. Reeves was the Labour candidate. She was a housewife and had worked as a child guidance officer, although by 1983 she was working as a teacher and speech therapist. She was born on 31 March 1943. 
She contested the Chelmsford constituency in the 1979 general election, Stevenage in 1983 and Suffolk Coastal in 1987.
3. The Liberal Party candidate was Dane S.C. Clouston, who in 1974 was a mature student and former banker. He was born in September 1938 and had contested the Newbury seat in the 1970, February 1974 and October 1974 general elections.
4. N.R. Jeskins was the Ecology Party candidate.
5. D.W. Bundy represented the Anti Common Market and Free Trade Party.
6. N.Q. Ffooks was an Independent, using the ballot paper label "Father Christmas: support Southampton University Rag".

</doc>
<doc id="18462309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462309" title="Salah El-Din castle">
Salah El-Din castle

It is actually two castles (Northern & Southern) in Pharaoh's Island in Aqaba, Gulf of Red Sea.
It was built by Salah El-din (Saladin) in 1170 AD. The island had another castles before in old Arabic era and in 1116 AD by Baldwin. 
The Castles have played a major rule in the crusades, Mamluk and Ottoman eras.

</doc>
<doc id="18462311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462311" title="Thomas Neubert">
Thomas Neubert

Thomas Neubert (born 14 November 1980) is a German footballer who plays for Radebeuler BC. 
A tall, powerful centre-forward, Neubert began his career with his hometown club, Energie Cottbus, and was promoted to the first-team squad in 2000. After one season in the Bundesliga, in which he didn't make a first-team appearance, he signed for Dynamo Dresden, of the NOFV-Oberliga Süd. At Dynamo he became a regular in the first-team, partnering Denis Koslov up front as the club won the title, and promotion to the Regionalliga Nord. The following season he was the team's top scorer, and the year after that he helped the club earn promotion to the 2. Bundesliga, although he missed the end of the season because of an injury suffered against Hamburger SV II in March 2004.
That same injury restricted Neubert to just eight appearances in Dynamo's two seasons at the second tier, and in 2006, with the club relegated, he was released. He spent an unsuccessful season with Holstein Kiel, before moving to the other end of the country for a six-month spell at SV Wacker Burghausen. In January 2008, Neubert signed for Hallescher FC, where he was reunited with former Dynamo Dresden assistant manager Sven Köhler, and helped the club win the NOFV-Oberliga title. He spent three years playing for HFC in the Regionalliga Nord before leaving in 2011, to return to Dresden and sign for SC Borea. Borea withdrew their Oberliga team in September 2011, leaving Neubert without a club. He signed for Radebeuler BC a couple of weeks later.

</doc>
<doc id="18462322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462322" title="The Resident">
The Resident

The Resident is an online video talk show hosted by American video producer Lori Harfenist. The show was one of the first original 75 YouTube Content Partner channels.
About Lori Harfenist.
Harfenist started producing The Resident for the Internet in 2000 and began airing it weekly on Manhattan Neighborhood Network's (MNN) channel 67 in New York City in December, 2004. It continues to run weekly on both media. She's also an activist-reporter for "G Word," the daily news program on Discovery Communications environmentally-conscious network, PlanetGreen.
She also acts as an "on-the-street" reporter for RT in New York City.
In addition, Harfenist has worked as talent and/or content producer for many entertainment companies including E! Networks, DirecTV, CNN, Fox News Channel, Turner Broadcasting, Atari, Nike, UGO, and Macy's. Harfenist graduated cum laude with a BA in Communications: Writing for the Media, from Pace University in New York City, and she attended the School for Film and Television.
She is married to Chris Harfenist (aka Tomato), lead singer and drummer of alternative rock band Sound of Urchin.
About The Resident.
"The Resident" is a counter cultural online video show that provides social and political commentary, news coverage, and cultural satire. Segments include Vlogs, on-the-street segments, and one-on-one interviews. The Resident was an online video show five years before YouTube went live. Since its inception, "The Resident" has received several honors, including:
The Resident on YouTube.
Harfenist established "The Resident" channel on YouTube on February 21, 2006. Her first video to appear on the homepage was "Health Insurance Sucks in the USA," followed by "Kurt Vonnegut Is The Resident's People," which YouTube featured on their homepage the day of Vonnegut's death and garnered over one million views. Another video to reach more than one million views on YouTube is "Sexy Halloween."
The Resident on network television.
Segments from "The Resident" have also appeared on many national network television programs, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18462328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462328" title="Tristichopterus">
Tristichopterus

Tristichopterus is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Devonian period. "Tristichopterus" belongs to the family Tristichopteridae.

</doc>
<doc id="18462335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462335" title="Kfar Yehoshua">
Kfar Yehoshua

Kfar Yehoshua (, "lit." Joshua Village) is a moshav in northern Israel. Located between Carmel City and Nazareth, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 732.
The moshav was founded in 1927 and was named after Yehoshua Hankin, was responsible for most of the major land purchases of the World Zionist Organization in Ottoman Palestine. It had a railway station on the Jezreel Valley railway which ceased operating midway through the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18462337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462337" title="The Best American Science and Nature Writing">
The Best American Science and Nature Writing

The Best American Science and Nature Writing is a yearly anthology of popular science magazine articles published in the United States. It was started in 2000 and is part of The Best American Series published by Houghton Mifflin. Articles are chosen using the same procedure with other titles in the Best American series; the series editor chooses about 100 article candidates, from which the guest editor picks 25 or so for publication; the remaining runner-up articles listed in the appendix. 
Burkhard Bilger was the series editor for 2000 and 2001. Tim Folger has been the series editor since 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="18462357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462357" title="Josette Bynum">
Josette Bynum

Josette "Josie" Bynum (born September 11, 1977) is an American professional wrestler. Bynum is best known for her stint in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under the name Sojournor Bolt (or "Sojo Bolt" for short). She is also known for her time in both Ohio Valley Wrestling and Shimmer Women Athletes.
As of 2011, in Ohio Valley Wrestling she holds the record for most reigns with seven and longest reign - 343 days in the OVW Women's Championship history. She won the title for seventh time after defeating Izza Belle Smothers on August 24, and lost it to Taeler Hendrix on November 12.
Professional wrestling career.
Other promotions (2005–present).
On July 23, 2005 3XW: Josie defeated Annthraxx to win the 3XW Women's title for the first time. She lost the title back to Annthraxx on November 19. She made her debut for the World League Wrestling promotion on November 12, defeating Wonderful Wendy. Josie remained undefeated against ODB, Malia Hosaka and other wrestlers. On March 24, 2007 Josie unsuccessfully challenged MsChif for the NWA Women's Championship. In 2008, she stopped wrestling in other promotions after being signed by Total Nonstop Action.
On April 7, 2012, at Remix’s Pro Wrestling, Sara Del Rey defeated Bynum (as the Sojo Bolt gimmick) to become the inaugural RPW Women’s Champion.
Ohio Valley Wrestling (2006–2008).
Bynum made her professional wrestling debut on April 3, 2003 and began regularly wrestling for Ohio Valley Wrestling, where she had a notable feud with Serena Deeb over the company's Women's Championship. Both Deeb and Bynum exchanged the title during the feud, with Bynum becoming a four time OVW Women's Champion. On December 2008, Bynum competed in her last match for OVW, which was a losing effort to Reggie, due to her signing a contract with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (2008–2009, 2013).
At Slammiversary, then-Knockout Champion Awesome Kong was challenged by Bynum, under the name Josie Robinson, and fellow OVW regular Serena Deeb, with the winner claiming both Kong's $25,000 prize and her Women's Championship. However, both were subsequently defeated in consecutive matches. Bynum returned to TNA on the August 28, 2008 episode of "Impact!" under the ring name Sojournor Bolt and was defeated by Awesome Kong. On October 12, Bynum, again under the Sojournor Bolt name, took part in a dark match at Bound for Glory IV, where she and Eric Young defeated Christy Hemme and Lance Rock. On the November 20 episode of "Impact!", she teamed up with Hemme and was defeated by Angelina Love and Velvet Sky. On December 3, it was announced that TNA had signed Bynum to a contract. On the December 11 of "Impact!" she was defeated by Christy Hemme. After the match the two women brawled and Bolt became a villain. On the December 25 edition of "Impact!", Bolt teamed with Awesome Kong, Rhaka Khan, and Raisha Saeed in a losing effort to the team of Christy Hemme, ODB, Roxxi, and Taylor Wilde. On TNA's official website, the spelling of her ring name was tweaked to Sojourner Bolt, but later changed back to its original spelling.
On the January 8, 2009 edition of "Impact!", she, along with Raisha Saeed and Rhaka Khan, accompanied Awesome Kong to the ring for her match against Madison Rayne. At Genesis, Bolt teamed up with Khan and Saeed to form a faction known as the Kongtourage. The Kongtourage was defeated by ODB, Taylor Wilde and Roxxi, however. On the next "Impact!", she again teamed with Saeed and Khan in a losing effort to ODB, Taylor Wilde and Roxxi. On the January 22 edition of "Impact!", Bolt lost to ODB after via disqualification due to the Kongtourage interfering. On the January 28 edition of "Impact!", she competed in a handicap match as she, Rhaka Khan, Raisha Saeed and Awesome Kong defeated ODB. On February 12, 2009, she won a gauntlet battle royal defeating Madison Rayne, ODB, Roxxi, Velvet Sky, Taylor Wilde, Angelina Love, Raisha Saeed, and Rhaka Khan to receive a title shot against Kong. On the February 19 edition of "Impact!" during an interview with Bolt, she was interrupted by Saeed, who claimed that Bolt talked too much and did not understand anything, to which Bolt responded by saying "she understood, she just didn't listen". The following week on "Impact!", Bolt and Rhaka Khan called out both Saeed and Awesome Kong and challenged them to a match, which they won after Bolt pinned Saeed, which in turn made Bolt and Khan fan favorites.
On March 5 edition of "Impact!", Bolt and Khan lost to The Beautiful People in a four corners tag team match. It was announced on the same edition of "Impact!" that Bolt would finally challenge Kong for the Knockout Championship at Destination X, which she lost. Bolt soon reverted into a villain again, and competed in the Queen of the Cage match at Lockdown against ODB, Madison Rayne and Daffney, which ODB won. On April 23, edition of "Impact!", she defeated Taylor Wilde in a ladder match after knocking Wilde off the ladder with brass knuckles, earning herself yet another shot at the Knockout Championship. She received her title shot on the May 28, edition of "Impact!", but lost the match after Angelina Love sprayed perfume in her eyes and then performed her "Lights Out" finishing move. On the September 3, edition of "Impact!", she participated in the Knockouts Tag Team Championship tournament, teaming with Hamada in a losing effort to Tara and Christy Hemme in the first round. After the match, Hamada attacked Bolt. On November 10, Bynum was released from her TNA contract. She also appeared on TNA's One Night Only: "Knockout Knockdown", where she fought Hannah Blossom and Taeler Hendrix in a three-way match, which was won by Blossom.
Return to OVW.
Women's Champion (2009–2011).
It was announced on Ohio Valley Wrestling's website that Josie would return to OVW to wrestle Hannah Blossom for the Women's Championship at the OVW's "Thanksgiving Thunder". At the event, Josie defeated Blossom for her fourth Women's Title. Four days later, the title was awarded back to Blossom after a review of match footage by the OVW board of directors showed that Josie pinned Hannah's twin sister Holly, not Hannah herself. The next week, Josie defeated the Blossom Twins in a bake off to earn a title shot the next week, Josie was able to win the rematch defeating Hannah after eliminating Holly at ringside to win her fifth women's title. Her first official defense of the title would be against Taryn Shay who won a best of 3 series with CJ Lane to earn her shot at the title. The match would end in a disqualification when Shay would knock Josie into Epiphany who was the special referee of the match. Later, Josie offered Epiphany a title shot, which ended in a no contest when the remaining girls on the roster would interfere, surprisingly picking sides; Taryn Shay & CJ Lane on behalf of Epiphany and Team Blossom on behalf of Josie. Josie has since tried to attack former friend CJ Lane for turning on her but Lane has avoided her, many times leaving Epiphany to fend for herself in tag matches with the two vs. Team Blossom.
The two would finally face off at OVW's "Riot Act 2010" event where Josie lost the OVW women's title to CJ Lane after being hit with a lead pipe. Months, after that Josie returned again as heel, defeating Holly Blossom on OVW's "Summer Scorcher" 2010 to become the second woman to hold the OVW women's title six times (after Serena). In September, Josie joined force with Taryn Shay to feud the Blossoms. The feud of the two teams ended up in a match at OVW's "Saturday Night Special" in December 11, when Josie & Taryn would defeat them in a Loser Leaves OVW match. However, in the end of 2010 Josie was named the Queen of OVW since Paredyse being the king. In early 2011, Josie now known as Lady JoJo (coming from Lady Gaga) start a feud with CJ Lane over the women's title again. JoJo defeated her and retain the women's title on episode 604. After the match, JoJo & Shay would attack her, however Team Blossom make their return to OVW with the reason that the rule - that they would not be signed until 90 days. On episode 605, The Blossoms challenged JoJo & Shay to a rematch at OVW's "Saturday Night Special" in April 2. The Blossoms defeated them & get back in OVW. Holly Blossom made her OVW return match, defeating Lady JoJo on episode 607 after interference from C.J. Lane. She had a successful title defense in an eight woman gauntlet match at OVW's "Saturday Night Special" on April 14.
On May 28, 2011, Josie now using the name "Lady JoJo" became the longest reigning OVW Women's Champion as her sixth title reign surpassed the previous record of 273 days set by Melody's reign. In June she started a feud with newcomer Trina, who recently debuted to OVW. On "episode 614", Trina challenged JoJo in a bikini contest in which she won, however was attacked by JoJo & Taryn Shay. At OVW's "Saturday Night Special" on June 11, JoJo defeated Trina to retain her title.
At OVW's "Saturday Night Special" on August 6, JoJo lost the OVW Women's title to Izza Belle Smothers ending her reign of 343 days. At OVW's TV Tapings on August 24, JoJo regained the Women's Title, defeating Izza Belle Smothers with help from Lennox Norris in a rematch, becoming the first woman to hold the title seven times.
At OVW's "Saturday Night Special" on September 3, JoJo, Taryn Shay and Lennox Norris lost in a tag team match to the Smother's Twisted Daughters and their father Tracy Smothers.
On "episode 632", JoJo was pinned by newcomer Taeler Hendrix in a non-title match. On "episode 633", JoJo was pinned again by Hendrix in a tag team match, leading her to a Women's Championship match. On "episode 634", Taeler Hendrix defeated Lady JoJo via disqualification, after she slapped the referee and retain the Women's Championship.
Various storylines (2012–2013).
On November 12, 2011, at OVW's "Saturday Night Special", Lady JoJo lost the OVW Women's Championship to Taeler Hendrix. Since losing the Women's Championship, JoJo was put into a storyline with referee Chris Sharpe.
On the February 25, 2012, episode of "OVW", Bynum now working under her real name, announced that she was secretly married to Christian Mascagni (former Talent Arbitrator) and recently divorced, with her getting all the power he had. However, she became the new leader of the group ""The Family"" (including Rudy Switchblade, Jessie Godderz, Mohammad Ali Vaez and Rob Terry). Later, in the main event of the show, Bynum put Godderz and Rob Terry in a match against Jason Wayne and Shiloh Jonze for the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship. She made it no disqualifications handicap match midway through the match adding Rudy Switchblade as Godderz and Terry's partner. Terry pinned Jason Wayne and won the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship for his team. On April 7, at OVW's "Saturday Night Special" event, after Rob Terry defated Trailer Park Trash due the stipulation Bynum has full control of OVW. However at July 7, at OVW's "Saturday Night Special", after Frank Miller's representative Johnny Spade won the OVW Heavyweight Championship and Mohamad Ali Vaez turned on The Family and won the OVW Television Championship, Josette lost possession of the promotion and was later assigned as Miller's secretary.
After nearly seven months of inactivity in the ring, Bynum was signed a match against Heidi Lovelace at OVW's "Saturday Night Special" on October 6, with the stipulation if she wins she will earn a match for the OVW Women's Championship. At the event, Josie defeated Lovelace to earn another match against her for the championship. The following weeks, Bynum started a rivalry with Taeler Hendrix once again after Hendrix (who lost the belt to Heidi Lovelace) wanted to get her rematch clause. The two divas teamed up in a tag team match against The Blossom Twins on the October 18 episode of "OVW", but lost the match because of miscommunication. Both divas got their respective matches for the Women's Championship at OVW's "Saturday Night Special" during a triple threat match against Heidi Lovelace, but lost the match after Heidi pinned her Taeler retain. On the November 7 episode of "OVW", Bynum (who was calling somebody in the previous episodes) was seen backstage as a masked man attacked Frank Miller (also known as Trailer Park Trash), hinting to get back to her old position. On the December 8 episode of "OVW", it was revealed that the masked man was Flash Flanagan and that JoJo asked for his help to take down Trash. On March 3 2013, after Trailer Park Trash's retirement match, he put Bynum through a table. After that, Bynum has not been neither used nor seen in OVW and her profile from the official site has been removed signalizing her departure with the company.
Acting career.
Bynum appeared in the horror film "The Legacy", featuring Jim O'Rear, Daniel Emery Taylor and Dale Miller as well as fellow wrestlers Roni Jonah and Cynthia Lynch. Also, she appeared in one episode of All Worked Up when a fan (fellow OVW wrestler Paredyse) was harassing and insulting her.
Personal life.
Bynum is the youngest of ten children and was raised on a farm in northern Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="18462358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462358" title="Entlebuch Biosphere">
Entlebuch Biosphere

The Entlebuch Biosphere is a natural reserve at the foot of the Alps, and includes the 395 km² valley of the Little Emme River between Bern and Lucerne in the Swiss Canton of Lucerne. 
In September 2001, the region became the second UNESCO Biosphere Reserve in Switzerland, after the Swiss National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18462361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462361" title="José Luis Massera">
José Luis Massera

José Luis Massera (Genoa, Italy, June 8, 1915 – Montevideo, September 9, 2002) was an Uruguayan mathematician who researched the stability of differential equations.
Massera's lemma is named after him. He published over 40 papers during 1940–1970. A militant Communist, he was a political prisoner during 1975–1984. In the 1930s, Julio Rey Pastor gave regular weekend lectures on topology in Montevideo to a group that included Massera. Stimulated by contact with Argentine mathematics, the 1950s saw Uruguay develop a fine school in mathematics, of which Massera was very much a part.
Massera developed new notions of stability, and published several foundational papers and an influential textbook. His results in on periodic differential equations have been heavily cited and are referred to as Massera's theorem. His work in and on the converse to Lyapunov's criterion is also influential, and contain the well known Massera's lemma. His textbook is also heavily cited.
After military intervention in Uruguay in 1973, Massera was arrested on October 22, 1975 in Montevideo and was held in solitary confinement for nearly a year. During this time he was subjected to repeated torture resulting in injuries including a fractured pelvis. In October 1976 he was taken from solitary confinement, tried and convicted for "subversive association", and given a 24-year prison sentence. On 22 June 1979, as a consequence of a proposal put forward by Gaetano Fichera and unanimously approved by the whole Mathematics Faculty Council of the Sapienza University of Rome, he was awarded the laurea honoris causa while still being under conviction. He was released in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18462367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462367" title="Hillerstorp">
Hillerstorp

Hillerstorp is a locality (tätort) situated in Gnosjö Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with 1,766 inhabitants in 2010. About 40% of the companies in Gnosjö municipality are located in Hillerstorp. 
Various small industries dominate the landscape. There is a small but nationally renowned amusement park called High Chaparral Theme Park (named after the American Western-themed TV series aired on NBC) offering, among others, the steam train rides and the American Old West experiences. 

</doc>
<doc id="18462383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462383" title="Charles Inslee">
Charles Inslee

Charles Inslee (born 1870) was an American actor. He appeared in 127 films between 1908 and 1921. He was born in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18462387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462387" title="Loew Lake Unit, Kettle Moraine State Forest">
Loew Lake Unit, Kettle Moraine State Forest

The Loew Lake Unit of the Kettle Moraine State Forest is a member of the Wisconsin state park system. The unit offers hiking, hunting, and horse riding along the east branch of the Oconomowoc River and the shore of Loew Lake, and also features a number of large conifer plantations. A section of the Ice Age National Scenic Trail runs through the park as it follows the Kettle Moraine.

</doc>
<doc id="18462410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462410" title="ISCR">
ISCR

ISCR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18462424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462424" title="Gladys Egan">
Gladys Egan

Gladys Egan (November 24, 1905 – August 3, 1997) was an American child actress during the silent film era. She appeared in 104 films, including many productions by D. W. Griffith, between 1908 and 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="18462428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462428" title="Norbert van Heyst">
Norbert van Heyst

Lieutenant General Norbert Van Heyst (born 24 June 1944) is a senior commander in the German Army. In early 2003 he was appointed the commander of the International Security Assistance Force. On August 11, 2003, control of ISAF was handed to NATO with Van Heyst being replaced by Lieutenant General Goetz Gliemeroth, also of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18462435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462435" title="Kaspar Glatz">
Kaspar Glatz

Kaspar Glatz (died 1551) was a minor figure in reformation-era Lutheranism. Trained in the early days of the reformation by Martin Luther at Wittenberg, he served as a pastor in the new movement for more than 20 years. The most comprehensive biographical sketch is contained in the late nineteenth-century "Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie".
Early life.
Glatz came from Rieden in the Ausburg diocese, but it is unclear precisely which place this indicates. He arrived in Wittenberg in 1523, at which point it is said that he was “not a young man.” (As he lived another 28 years, as he was a potential suitor of the mid-twenties Katharina von Bora, and as he is known to have later married and fathered children, we should probably not make him too old.) That same year he received his doctorate and became a lecturer.
Appointment to Pastorate.
In 1524 he went to Orlamünde, which was under the archdiaconate of Wittenberg, to become its pastor. Complicating matters was the presence of a current pastor, Andreas Karlstadt. In the face of Martin Luther’s opposition to his more radical tendencies, Karlstadt retreated from Wittenberg to Orlamünde in 1523 and there continued his particular version of reform. In September 1524, Luther succeeded in getting Karlstadt removed from the church in Orlamünde and exiled from the region. At this point, after a letter from Luther, Glatz was made the pastor.
Around the same time, Luther, as part of his continuing work to assist former nuns to find husbands, had been encouraging Katharina von Bora to marry Glatz. It is unclear as to whether Glatz himself was actively courting Katharina. She refused and in short order married Luther herself.
While at Orlamünde, Glatz was a source of information to Luther on Karlstadt's activities. One letter from Glatz survives, dated January 18, 1525, to which Luther refers in his letter to Spalatin.
Removal from Pastorate.
In 1536, Glatz was removed as pastor of Orlamünde. According to historians, he was removed either because he had alienated the congregation and town officials or over tribute payments to the Wittenberg Archdiaconate. His replacement was Liborius Magdeburg, who had come into Luther’s good graces during his time in Wittenberg. Glatz complained that Magdeburg had undermined him and caused his removal.
Magdeburg was not appointed pastor of Orlamünde until late 1537. He did not actually arrive until February 13, 1538. It seems that there was some trouble between Glatz and Magdeburg. One historian claims that Glatz verbally attacked Magdeburg and demanded payments from the pastoral endowment. Luther had received a letter from Magdeburg, complaining that Glatz was causing him trouble. Luther forwarded the letter with a note asking Francis Burchart to have the elector attend to it.
Restoration to Pastorate.
In early April 1539, Magdeburg died and Glatz was restored to the pastorate. That same month, Glatz wrote a letter to Stephan Roth (whom he undoubtedly knew as they matriculated together at Wittenberg in 1523). Roth was the Zwickau city clerk and school inspector, though his influence extended far beyond his titles. Magdeburg had married Roth’s sister Magdalene in 1532, so Roth had an interest in the well-being of the late pastor’s widow. Glatz assured Roth that he had been ministering to her over the loss of her husband and the illness of their child.
The following month Glatz again wrote to Roth, informing him that he had forgiven the widow a debt that her late husband owed him over the purchase of a horse. Further he allowed her to keep some linens that had been property of the church for her use. He reminded Roth that he was under no obligation to help her, as Magdeburg had caused Glatz and his family a great deal of harm. Though he had not been wed to Katharina von Bora years earlier, we learn from this letter that Glatz had married and produced children.
Response to the Augsburg Interim.
Nothing more is known of Glatz until 1548. In 1547, Charles V scored a great military victory over the Schmalkaldic League of Evangelical princes. The Elector John Frederick I of Saxony was taken prisoner. His cousin Moritz, who fought on Charles’ side, was made elector of Saxony, and John Frederick was left as prince over a much smaller territory. His sons ruled in his stead while he was imprisoned.
Charles then directed the drawing up of what was called the Augsburg Interim. This document established a compromise religious position in the Protestant lands, but in reality re-established Roman Catholicism with a few concessions to the Protestants.
The Interim was sent to local officials everywhere, including the Saxony princes. Upon receipt, they brought together at Weimar theologians, pastors, and town officials from the territory they still controlled. This company included Glatz. They condemned the Interim as having as much to do with the Augsburg Confession “as Christ with Belial.” Their document was titled "Der Prediger der Jungen Herrn/Johans Friderichen Hertzogen zu Sachssen etc. Sönen/Christlich Bedencken auss das Interim—From the Preachers of the Sons of the Young Ruler John Frederick Elector of Saxony, etc.: Christian Objections to the Interim". Glatz was the third signer of sixteen. He signed as “D. & Ecclesiae Orlamundensis Parochus” (doctor and pastor of the church in Orlamünde).
This was not the most significant response to the Interim; many regions also responded. The most significant response was made by the newly installed elector of Saxony, Moritz. He had the Wittenberg theologians draw up a compromise document, mostly the work of Philip Melanchthon, called the Leipzig Interim. Though the statement of the preachers at Weimar was only one of many, it was still a courageous stand taken by Glatz and the others, as Saxony was fresh off military defeat at the hands of the emperor.
Evaluation.
Glatz has been treated harshly by some historians. For example: “Caspar Glatz, matriculated at Wittenberg, became rector of the university 1524; pastor at Orlamünde, a suitor of Catharine von Bora, who rejected him. He turned out rather badly.” Or this: “He had even thought, shortly before, of arranging a marriage between her and a minister named Glatz, who later on, however, proved himself unworthy of this office.” His life may have been rather unremarkable, but besides the short time that he was removed from office, his life seems to have turned out satisfactorily.
Though he was rejected by Katharina (she had her eye on Luther early), he did find a wife and raised a family. Though he was removed from office for reasons that are a bit uncertain to us, he was considered worthy enough to be quickly restored to that office when his successor died. Though Magdeburg complained of the way Glatz treated him (we have no confirmation of this), Glatz treated his widow kindly. In his only known action while pastor, he took a brave stand at Weimar. He died in 1551.

</doc>
<doc id="18462448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462448" title="Rose King">
Rose King

Rose King (1884–1967) was an American film actor and a Broadway lead. King was born Rose Koenig in Eau Claire, Wisconsin, and returned there to retire.
After graduating from Eau Claire High School in 1902, she started her theater career in Denver, Colorado. In April 1910, at 26, she was living in Newport, Rhode Island, and the census enumerator listed her occupation as "chorus girl." By 1912, she was an owning partner, with Edward Lynch, in the King-Lynch Players of Manchester, New Hampshire.
In her long career on Broadway, stretching from at least 1919 to 1942, she starred in "High Kickers", "Thumbs Up!", "The Torch Bearers", and "A la Carte", among other productions. As an actor, she had an occasional Hollywood fling. For example, she made five films in 1909, including "The Necklace" and "The Seventh Day" both co-starring Mary Pickford (and both directed by D.W. Griffith), and another four in the 1930s.
Reviews.
Eau Claire "Leader", 21 Sept 1909:
Eau Claire "Leader", 24 Sept 1909:
Quotation.
"You can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, and that's sufficient." - Rose King

</doc>
<doc id="18462468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462468" title="Shoreliner">
Shoreliner

Shoreliners are a class of locomotive-hauled rail car used by the Metro-North Railroad for service on non-electrified portions of their system. They are similar to Comet-class coaches used by New Jersey Transit, however there are several differences between the two. Ownership of the fleet is split between the Metropolitan Transportation Authority and the Connecticut Department of Transportation, as part of the latter's operating agreement with MTA. MTA coaches have blue window bands, while CDOT coaches have red ones.
Usage patterns.
The Shoreliners are primarily used on non-electric territory such as the upper Hudson Line, on the upper Harlem Line, and the New Haven Line's Danbury and Waterbury branches. They are typically operated in a push-pull configuration.
Hudson Line.
Shoreliners are used north of Croton-Harmon where the territory is not electrified. Train sets of seven cars are used. Unlike the other lines almost all trains operate into Grand Central Terminal, running express after Croton.
Harlem Line.
Shoreliners are used in the non-electrified territory north of Southeast. Service between Southeast and Wassaic is mostly operated using two or three car shuttle trains. During rush hour, a few trains run direct to Grand Central Terminal.
New Haven Line branches.
Shoreliners operate on the Danbury and Waterbury branches, as well as to provide extra service on the main line during the day. Danbury service includes limited through-service to Grand Central during peak periods, while off-peak Danbury and all Waterbury service operates as shuttles from South Norwalk and Bridgeport respectively, though the first train departing Waterbury in the morning continues to Stamford, where it is renumbered for service to Grand Central.
Former Shore Line East Service.
Before the state of Connecticut acquired used equipment for Shore Line East, several Shoreliner sets would run on SLE service. These have since been transferred to the Metro-North pool.
Models.
Shoreliners I and II.
The Shoreliners I and II were built in 1983 and 1987, respectively. Based on the New Jersey Transit Comet II and nearly identical, their only difference is the type of lighting used for indicator lights. These cars have doors at each end vestibule. There is no center door. As of September 2009, both classes are undergoing rehabilitation.
Shoreliner I includes 39 cars. Shoreliner II includes 36 cars. Cars numbered in the 6200's are owned by Connecticut DOT, while all other cars are owned by the MTA.
Four of the Shoreliner I cars were originally equipped with an underfloor head-end power generator, for use behind CDOT's four rebuilt EMD F7 units which lacked HEP generators. The generators were removed when the F7s were replaced by CDOT's rebuilt GP40-2H units. These cars are identified externally by twin square windows at the center of the cars, where the air intake ductwork (to the rooftop) for the generator was located. These cars may be confused with Amtrak's Horizon fleet cars.
Shoreliner III.
Shoreliner IIIs date from 1991. 49 cars were built. This series is based on New Jersey Transit's Comet III. The main differences between this series and previous ones are an added center door and the restroom is located at the center of the cars that are so equipped instead of the end. 
Shoreliner IV.
The Shoreliner IV is much like the Shoreliner III but the engineers side door has been removed as a safety measure. Based on the NJ Transit Comet IV, they were built in two distinct groups between 1996 and 1998. The first order, from 1996-97, consisted of 50 cars. The second set, built for Connecticut DOT in 1998, consisted of 10 cars. This gives a total count for the order of 60 cars. 
Car Names.
Many of Shoreliner cars are named in honor of people and places significant to their service area, such as The Connecticut Yankee and Washington Irving.

</doc>
<doc id="18462470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462470" title="Harrison West Condominium Tower">
Harrison West Condominium Tower

Harrison West Condominium Tower is a building in downtown Portland, Oregon. The , 25 storey, Mid-Century modernist building was the tallest in the city from its completion in 1965 until it was surpassed in 1969 by the Union Bank of California Tower. The complex was designed by Skidmore, Owings and Merrill.

</doc>
<doc id="18462473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462473" title="Scott Montgomery (poker player)">
Scott Montgomery (poker player)

Scott Montgomery (born October 16, 1981) is a poker player from Perth, Ontario, Canada who won his first bracelet at the 2010 World Series of Poker in the $1,000 No-Limit Hold’em Event #36 and was one of the final table players in the 2008 World Series of Poker Main Event. He finished in fifth place earning $3,088,012, which was his fourth cash in the 2008 WSOP. He was eliminated by Peter Eastgate after going all in with . Eastgate had pocket sixes. Montgomery got an ace on the flop and another on the turn. Another player, Dennis Phillips, had folded a six, meaning Eastgate could only hit the to win the hand. Eastgate hit his card, giving him a full house and eliminating Montgomery.
Montgomery also has two World Poker Tour cashes, including finishing in 5th place at the 2008 L.A. Poker Classic and earning $296,860.
World Series of Poker bracelets.
As of 2010, his total lifetime live poker tournament winnings exceed $4,000,000. His 14 cashes at the WSOP account for $3,712,688 of those winnings.
External links.
Full Tilt profile

</doc>
<doc id="18462487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462487" title="Christopher S. Pedersen">
Christopher S. Pedersen

Christopher S. Pedersen (born 28 December 1986) is a Norwegian baritone.
He was born in the town of Skjeberg, Norway.
Education.
Pedersen started his musical education early, by singing in a church choir, and taking piano lessons from the age of eight. Pedersen has his bachelor degree in performing arts from The Norwegian Academy of Music. Pedersen studied with professor Håkan Hagegård, professor Einar Steen-Nøkleberg, among others. Pedersen has taken many masterclasses abroad.
Christopher S. Pedersen has participated in countless concert appearances in Norway, and abroad. Pedersen has been given many scholarships, Sine Butenschøn scholarship for singers (2005,2008, and 2009), Scholarship of The Norwegian Academy of Music (2008 and 2009), among others. He won first price in the competition "Ungdommens Musikkmesterskap 2008".

</doc>
<doc id="18462488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462488" title="Anita Hendrie">
Anita Hendrie

Anita Hendrie (November 9, 1863 – April 15, 1940) was an American actress. She appeared in 67 silent motion pictures between 1908 and 1912.
She was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the daughter of William Scott Hendrie (October 25, 1835–July 10, 1881) and M. Louise Morton (c. 1835-October 19, 1910). Her father was a physician.
In about 1902, she and actor/director David Miles (c. 1871-October 28, 1915) were married, which they remained until his death.
Anita Hendrie Miles died at age 76 in Brooklyn, New York. She is interred at Milford, Connecticut, with her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="18462489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462489" title="Kundziņsala">
Kundziņsala

Kundziņsala is an area and island on the river Daugava in Riga, Latvia. The name Kundziņsala means "The nobleman's island" in Latvian.
Kundziņsala is the biggest island in Riga. Mainly it is an industrial region, used for maritime trade. Prior to the 1930s, it had some permanent residences.
On the island small lakes exist, in which local residents bathe.
The sole public transportation route to the island is the Rigas Satiksme #33 bus, which doesn't exist anymore. The sole bridge to Kundziņsala connects it with the Sarkandaugava neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="18462491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462491" title="America's Party (political party)">
America's Party (political party)

America's Party, originally known as America's Independent Party, is a conservative American political party formed in August 2008 by supporters of Alan Keyes as an alternative to the Republican, Democratic and other parties.
Founding.
Alan Keyes 2008 candidacy before the AIP.
Alan Keyes declared his candidacy for President seeking the Republican nomination on September 14, 2007. Just three days later, Keyes placed third in the Family Research Council's Values Voter straw poll, behind Mike Huckabee and Ron Paul, garnering 5% of support.
The Keyes campaign drew limited support in any of the caucuses or primaries that took place. In the Iowa caucuses, Keyes claimed some of the state's ballots did not even list him as a candidate, and his campaign CEO, Stephen Stone, stated that the reason Keyes did not show up on most ballots was primarily because Keyes had decided to enter the election cycle so late. He also blamed the media for not recognizing Keyes as a viable candidate, excluding him from debates and providing practically no campaign coverage.
Keyes was awarded four Republican Party convention delegates, more than he received in 1996 but less than in 2000. In early 2008, Keyes explored the possibility of allying himself with the Constitution Party, marking this change away from his lifelong involvement in the GOP with a speech on April 15 in Hazleton, Pennsylvania, a town which has been a battleground in the political fight over illegal immigration. However, due primarily to his fundamental disagreement with CP founder Howard Phillips over foreign policy, the party instead selected Chuck Baldwin at the party's convention. Following the defeat, Keyes told a group of his supporters that he was "prayerfully considering" continuing his candidacy as an independent, and refused to endorse Baldwin.
AIP formation.
Following the failure to come together with the Constitution Party, Keyes' supporters formed America's Independent Party, which held its convention in Fenton, Michigan on August 21, 2008, making Keyes their Presidential nominee. A press release from the party said: "John McCain has abandoned the principles of Ronald Reagan – particularly the Reagan pro-life platform plank," and the party also opposed John McCain on other points, such as his opposition to a federal amendment outlawing marriage for same-sex couples, sponsoring McCain/Feingold legislation, which they said was "a direct attack on their First Amendment rights to political free speech and grassroots citizen activism;" they also opposed his support for immigration reform, deriding it as "amnesty" and his support for legislation intended to combat global warming. The AIP gained ballot access in three states and became an officially recognized write-in candidate in several dozen others. A struggle within the American Independent Party of California (the California affiliate of the Constitution Party), between a pro-Keyes faction and Constitution Party supporters of the 2008 candidacy of Chuck Baldwin, led to the placement of Keyes and Wiley S. Drake on the ballot as the AIP-CA nominees, where they received 40,673 votes. Two lawsuits by the Baldwin forces to regain control of the California AIP, one before the election and one after, failed. Keyes also received 2,550 votes on the AIP ticket in Florida,
Renaming and financing.
According to the party's official website, it has renamed itself America's Party. The party's website announces that, "America's Party does not accept financial contributions... Instead, we're asking you to directly support vetted, proven, principled candidates, so that 100% of your precious resources will go directly to the most important work." Instead, the party maintains a "Directory of Approved Candidates, State, County & Local Front Porch Caucuses" on its website (paid for by party Chairman Tom Hoefling). There was a convention on February 18, 2012 to nominate candidates for President and Vice President resulting in the nominations of Tom Hoefling as Presidential candidate and J.D. Ellis as Vice Presidential candidate. During this convention the America's Party also ratified its 2012 platform.
Issues.
Tax reform.
The party seeks to reform the tax structure by advocating the repeal of the 16th Amendment, and despite the fact that many members support the FairTax, the platform remains open on what to replace the Federal income tax with.
Other issues.
The party supports the Federal Marriage Amendment being added to the U.S. Constitution. It is also pro-life on abortion.
2012 presidential election.
On February 18, 2012, Party chairman Tom Hoefling was chosen as the America's Party 2012 presidential nominee in an online nominating convention. J.D. Ellis was selected as the vice presidential nominee. The ticket received 40,624 votes in the election, or 0.03% of the national popular vote, with about 95% of the votes coming from California.

</doc>
<doc id="18462503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462503" title="Murder by Pride">
Murder by Pride

Murder by Pride is the eighth studio album by Stryper. The first single for the album, "Peace of Mind", debuted at No. 27 on Christianrock.net on October 24, 2008 and peaked at  1 on February 22, 2009. The track is a cover version, originally performed by rock band Boston on its debut 1976 self-titled album. Michael Sweet was a touring member of Boston for several years, before parting ways amicably in 2011.
Starting May 5, the band announced to release a song per week on iTunes up until July 21. As each new song was released, the previous one would no longer be available until the full album was released.
Robert Sweet did not play on the album as the drum parts were provided by Kenny Aronoff. However, Robert Sweet was present on the tour that supported the record, as well as the commemoration of Stryper's 25th anniversary.
Stylistically, Michael Sweet has commented, that "after years of speaking to fans and hearing comments like 'more guitars,' 'more solos' and 'more screams,' I decided to keep those suggestions in mind as I wrote each song. It was important to me to try to get back to that early sound of STRYPER yet at the same time, to remain relevant today. It's certainly not an easy thing to do, but as I listen to "Murder by Pride", I think that was accomplished."
Reception.
The album debuted on the following Billboard charts:
Track listing.
All tracks written by Michael Sweet, except "Peace of Mind", written by Tom Scholz.

</doc>
<doc id="18462506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462506" title="Adrenergic storm">
Adrenergic storm

An adrenergic storm is a sudden and dramatic increase in serum levels of the catecholamines adrenalin and noradrenalin (also known as epinephrine and norepinephrine respectively), with a less significant increase in dopamine transmission. It is a life-threatening condition because of extreme tachycardia and hypertension, and is especially dire for those with prior heart problems. If treatment is prompt, prognosis is good; typically large amounts of diazepam or other benzodiazepines are administered alongside beta blockers. Beta blockers are contraindicated in some patients, so other anti-hypertensive medication such as clonidine may be used. It is usually caused by overdose of stimulants, especially cocaine, but can also arise from improper eating habits while taking monoamine oxidase inhibitors. A subarachnoid hemorrhage can also cause an adrenergic storm, and catecholamine storm is part of the normal course of Rabies infection, and is responsible for the severe feelings of agitation, terror, and dysautonomia present in the pre-coma stage of the disease.
Symptoms.
The symptoms are similar to those of an amphetamine, cocaine or caffeine overdose; massive overstimulation of the central nervous system results in a state of hyperkinetic movement and unpredictable mental status; the patient may become easily enraged, or alternatively suicidal, but mania is the typical reaction. 
Physical symptoms are more serious and include heart arrhythmias as well as outright heart attack or stroke in people who are at risk of coronary disease. Breathing is rapid and shallow while both pulse and blood pressure are dangerously elevated.
Causes.
There are several known causes of adrenergic storms; in the United States, cocaine overdose is the leading cause. Any stimulant drug has the capacity to cause this syndrome if taken in excess, but even non-psychotropic drugs can very rarely provoke a reaction.
MAOIs, i.e. monoamineoxidase inhibitors, are a class of drugs that inhibit the enzyme monoamine oxidase. This enzyme is responsible for breaking down many compounds; basically, anything with a primary amine moiety is likely to be oxidized by monoamine oxidase. Important substrates of the enzyme MAO include tyrosine and tyramine, which are precursors to dopamine. MAOIs inhibit the enzyme either reversibly, in which MAO is inhibited only until the drug is cleared from the system, or irreversibly, in which the substrate binds permanently to the enzyme, rendering it inactive and effectively destroying it. These types of MAOIs are more dangerous, because the body takes about two weeks to regenerate its MAO enzymes to functional levels. There are also two subtypes of MAO: MAO-A and MAO-B; this is not relevant to adrenergic storms in any known way, but there are significant differences between the two types, such as their differential expression throughout the body and brain. 
Harmine and moclobemide are two examples of reversible inhibitors; the first is a mild psychedelic used by recreational or spiritual drug users to greatly increase the bioavailability of DMT, normally entirely broken down by MAO in the stomach. The latter is an antidepressant and anxiolytic which works by reversibly inhibiting MAO-A and MAO-B, with a greater effect on MAO-A (80% inhibition) than MAO-B (30% inhibition). 
With this in mind, the importance of MAOIs to adrenergic storms is that these enzymes break down substances in food that are either precursors to stimulatory drugs, or that are themselves excitatory chemicals. Aged cheese; beer; red wine; some mushrooms; fermented products such as pickles; and many other seemingly innocuous foods can provoke a hypertensive crisis. The main culprit is tyramine, a derivative of the amino acid tyrosine that is a direct precursor to dopamine. However, other substances in food can also modulate or change the effects. Hypertension will always result, however, so patients on MAOIs must be careful what they eat. 
Adrenergic storms are not provoked often from MAOI-tyramine interactions; hypertensive crisis alone does not diagnose adrenergic storm, although there will always be hypertension in an adrenergic storm, along with tachycardia and rapid, shallow breathing. However, if a patient on MAOIs uses recreational quantities of any drug with stimulant effects on the CNS, it can provoke an adrenergic crisis (along with the inevitable hypertensive crisis). Deaths have occurred from individuals attempting to combine MAOIs with various entheogens to attain a stronger psychedelic experience, both from adrenergic storms and serotonin syndrome. Combining drugs like MDMA, 2C-B, mescaline, 2C-T-7, etc. with even small quantities of MAOIs - small quantities of both drugs - is still extremely risky. Nevertheless, some users claim to use certain combinations successfully. 
Subarachnoid hemorrhage is an extremely serious condition in which a neural membrane is breached and the brain itself is compromised. The onset is sudden, described as "the worst headache of one's life," and many grave symptoms follow. Adrenergic storm is often present among these symptoms, and is responsible for some of the dangers, both long-term and short, of subarachnoid hemhorrhage adrenergic storm, through a complex cascade of processes starting with the movement of subarachnoid blood into the brain. Apparently, as the intracranial pressure increases, the brain is squeezed and catecholamines are forced out of their vesicles into the synapses and extracellular space. An alternative explanation that has been proposed is that this increased in intracranial pressure transduces through the brain parenchyma through to the blood vessels producing a loss in effective cerebral perfusion. This triggers the sympathetic nervous system to secrete more norepinepherine and epinepherine increasing blood pressure and heart rate to dangerous levels in order to maintain cerebral perfusion.
Rarely, a pheochromocytoma (tumor of the medullar tissue of the adrenal glands, which are located anterior to the kidney), may result in an adrenergic storm. This type of tumor is not common to begin with, and furthermore, the subtype that can cause massive adrenaline release is rarer still. Patients with pheochromocytoma can unexpectedly fly into a rage or sink into trembling fear, possibly dangerous to themselves and others as their judgment is impaired, their senses and pain threshold are heightened, and the level of the adrenalin in their bloodstream is more than most people ever experience; pheochromocytoma can, very rarely, kill by internal adrenaline overdose. But overall, adrenergic storm is an uncommon but certainly not rare phenomenon associated with the unfortunate but also uncommon condition of pheochromocytoma.
Differential diagnosis.
Because the adrenergic storm overlaps with so many other similar conditions, such as hypertensive crises, stimulant intoxication or overdose, or even panic attack, and because the treatments for these overlapping conditions are largely alike, it is not necessary to obtain a differential and definitive diagnosis before initiating treatment. However, analysis of the patient's medical history, checked against the possible causes of the adrenergic storm such as those above, should be done, because some adrenergic storms can be caused by serious underlying conditions. If a patient has an adrenergic storm and all or most of the other factors are ruled out, the adrenergic storm could lead to the discovery of a pheochromocytoma, which can become malignant. However, not all cases of adrenergic storm have an identifiable cause. Like a seizure, sometimes a patient has a single one, or perhaps a few, and then does not for the rest of their life. The mechanisms of idiopathic adrenergic storm are very poorly understood.
Serotonin syndrome, in which an excess of serotonin in the synapses causes a similar crisis of hypertension and mental confusion, could be confused with an adrenergic storm. The difference is that serotonin, being a tryptamine (non-catecholamine) involved in higher brain functions, can cause dangerous hypertension and tachycardia from its effects on the sympathetic nervous system, but as there are no serotonin receptors in the heart or blood vessels there are no direct effects on the heart. Thus, the presence of arrythmia, abnormal echocardiograms, or chest pain indicates an adrenergic crisis and rules out serotonin syndrome.
Treatment.
If an overdose by ingestion is suspected, the patient should be given gastric lavage, activated charcoal, or both; this could make the difference between life and death in a close situation, but it should be avoided unless there is evidence of overdose as it can aggravate the patient. 
The first line treatments are diazepam and a non-selective beta blocker; other antihypertensive drugs may also be used. Not all benzodiazepines and beta blockers are safe to use in an adrenergic storm; for instance, alprazolam and propranolol; alprazolam weakly agonizes dopamine receptors and causes catecholamine release while propranolol mildly promotes some catecholamine release. 
After bringing the heart rate and blood pressure down, treatment is supportive; if there is an underlying condition causing the adrenergic storm, then that must be addressed. However, many
cases of adrenergic storms are completely idiopathic in nature; indeed, they are a poorly understood phenomena.

</doc>
<doc id="18462514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462514" title="Hilton Portland Hotel">
Hilton Portland Hotel

The Hilton Portland & Executive Tower is a hotel located in Portland, Oregon. The complex has two towers, with the original 22 story, tower completed in 1962. The second tower with 20 floors was completed in 2002 across the street to the northeast. The hotel was the tallest building in the city for three years until surpassed by the Harrison West Condominium Tower in 1965.
History.
Contractors Andersen - Westfall built the original tower. A region-wide strike by the Carpenters Union paused the project in April 1962 when union workers went on strike and picketed the construction site. Once the top full-floor was finished in August 1962, the building became the tallest in Portland and overtaking Public Service Building. At that point the structure stood at tall at was scheduled to top out at once the penthouse was added. The $12.5 million hotel was dedicated in May 1963 with a ceremony featuring Conrad Hilton, U.S. Senator Mark O. Hatfield, and Mayor Terry Schrunk. At opening, it had 500 rooms, 5 restaurants and bars, 9 meeting rooms, and was designed as a convention center. The Executive Tower was completed in 2002 and sits kitty-corner to the original structure.
Details.
Combined between the two room towers, the Hilton has 782 rooms, making it the largest hotel in Portland. The original tower does not have a thirteenth floor.

</doc>
<doc id="18462524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462524" title="RPG-76 Komar">
RPG-76 Komar

RPG-76 Komar (eng. "Mosquito") is a Polish light one-shot anti-tank grenade launcher that fires an unguided anti-tank rocket propelled grenade.
The weapon was designed as a smaller and lighter alternative to the RPG-7, especially for use by airborne troops. Thanks to its jet nozzles located between the warhead and the fuel compartment, can be fired from inside of a building or a vehicle.
Design phase.
In 1971 in the Polish Military Institute of Defense Technology a program codenamed “Argon” was begun. The goal of the project was to develop an anti-tank grenade launcher with a single use launch tube, which could supplement the RPG-7 launcher. Two versions were considered: a recoilless rifle and a rocket-propelled grenade launcher. The rocket variant was chosen because earlier experience gained during the development of the rocket assisted PGN-60 rifle grenade used by the Carbine-grenade launcher Kbkg wz. 1960. At this stage apart from the team of Polish scientists (Z.Zborowski, K.Kowalewski, T.Witczak, Z.Kapustka, A. Perełkowicz, K. Laskowski, Z.Kupidura), a team of Bulgarian scientists from the Military Institute of Research and Development in Sofia was also involved. The task of the Bulgarian scientists was to develop the rocket engine and the launcher. The presentation of the first prototype took place in 1973 on the III Central Military Invention and rationalization Exhibition, the weapon was then designated as “HEAT grenade with single use launch tube RPG-73”. In 1980 a series of prototype launchers was produced. In the following years cooperation with Bulgarians has broken down, and the launcher was continued to be developed as a Polish only project.
The weapon was adopted by the Polish Army in 1985 as "RPG-76 Komar", and with the warhead incapable of penetrating the front armor of modern western tanks it became a specialized weapon, never to be deployed by regular troops. It was produced in the Precision works in Niewiadów, Poland.
The weapon is no longer produced. In the year 2003 (before Polish engagement in Iraq and Afghanistan) it was withdrawn from front line units due to the limited anti-tank capabilities of the grenade. Polish involvement in Iraq and Afghanistan have changed the case. Polish Airborne and Special forces in the past, used the Komar in Iraq, and now uses in Afghanistan. Polish soldiers also use a small number of heavier multipurpose Carl Gustav recoilless rifles using a variety of modern ammunition types.
Polish units in Iraq and Afghanistan (ISAF) are equipped with Komar launchers.
The weapon is shipped in wooden crates, 6 launchers are placed in each crate and each launcher is sealed in an airtight plastic sheet.
Komar is an effective antipersonnel weapon, against light armored vehicles and firing posts.

</doc>
<doc id="18462533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462533" title="New Glarus Woods State Park">
New Glarus Woods State Park

New Glarus Woods State Park is a Wisconsin state park featuring rolling hills covered by a mix of forest and prairie. The Sugar River State Trail passes nearby, making the park accessible by bike. This trail also connects to the Badger State Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="18462539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462539" title="Dorothy West (actress)">
Dorothy West (actress)

Dorothy West (August 29, 1891 – December 11, 1980) was an American actress. She appeared in 123 films between 1908 and 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18462554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462554" title="Allangrange railway station">
Allangrange railway station

Allangrange railway station was a station on the single track branch of the Highland Railway, in north east Scotland. The line connected villages in The Black Isle peninsula to the railway network via a junction at Muir of Ord.
History.
Opened by the Highland Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by British Railways.
Authorisation was obtained on 4 July 1890 to build a 15.75 mile (25 km) branch line from Muir of Ord to Rosemarkie; however the line never proceeded beyond Fortrose.

</doc>
<doc id="18462566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462566" title="American Bank Building">
American Bank Building

The American Bank Building is a 15-floor building in Portland, Oregon, U.S. It stands tall, and was built in 1913.
The building was the tallest in the city for 14 years until surpassed by the Public Service Building in 1927. Designed by A. E. Doyle, it is located at 621 SW Morrison Street, and was formerly known as the Northwestern National Bank Building. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18462573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462573" title="Apache Cassandra">
Apache Cassandra

Apache Cassandra is an open source distributed database management system designed to handle large amounts of data across many commodity
servers, providing high availability with no single point of failure. Cassandra offers robust support for clusters spanning multiple datacenters, with asynchronous masterless replication allowing low latency operations for all clients.
Cassandra also places a high value on performance. University of Toronto researchers studying NoSQL systems concluded that "In terms of scalability, there is a clear winner throughout our experiments. Cassandra achieves the highest throughput for the maximum number of nodes in all experiments."
Cassandra's data model is a partitioned row store with tunable
consistency. Rows are organized into tables; the first component of a table's primary key is the partition key; within a partition, rows are clustered by the remaining columns of the key. Other columns may be indexed separately from the primary key.
Tables may be created, dropped, and altered at runtime without blocking updates and queries.
Cassandra does not support joins or subqueries, except for batch analysis via Hadoop. Rather, Cassandra emphasizes denormalization through features like collections.
History.
Apache Cassandra was developed at Facebook to power their Inbox Search feature by Avinash Lakshman (one of the authors of Amazon's Dynamo) and Prashant Malik. It was released as an open source project on Google code in July 2008. In March 2009, it became an Apache Incubator project. On February 17, 2010 it graduated to a top-level project.
Releases after graduation include
Licensing and support.
Apache Cassandra is an Apache Software Foundation project, so it has an Apache License (version 2.0).
Data model.
Cassandra is essentially a hybrid between a key-value and a column-oriented (or tabular) database.
Each key in Cassandra corresponds to a value which is an object. Each key has values as columns, and columns are grouped together into sets called column families.
Thus, each key identifies a row of a variable number of elements. These column families could be considered then as tables. A table in Cassandra is a distributed multi dimensional map indexed by a key.
Furthermore, applications can specify the sort order of columns within a Super Column or Simple Column family.
Clustering.
When the cluster for Apache Cassandra is designed, an important point is to select the right partitioner. Two partitioners exist:
Prominent users.
Ironically, Facebook moved off its pre-Apache Cassandra deployment in late 2010 when they replaced Inbox Search with the Facebook Messaging platform. In 2012, Facebook began using Apache Cassandra in its Instagram unit.
Cassandra is the most popular wide column store.

</doc>
<doc id="18462578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462578" title="José Clemente Maurer">
José Clemente Maurer

José Clemente Maurer, C.Ss.R. (March 13, 1900—June 27, 1990) was a German Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Sucre from 1951 to 1983, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1967.
Biography.
José Maurer was born in Püttlingen, and entered the Congregation of the Most Holy Redeemer, more commonly known as the Redemptorists, on September 10, 1921. After studying in Switzerland and Luxembourg, he was ordained to the priesthood on September 19, 1925. He then did missionary work with the Bolivian Indians, serving as superior of the Redemptorist residence in La Paz from 1926 to 1947, when he became vice-provincial of his congregation for South America.
On March 1, 1950, Maurer was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of La Paz and Titular Bishop of "Cea" by Pope Pius XII. He received his episcopal consecration on the following April 16 from Cardinal Adeodato Giovanni Piazza, OCD, with Archbishop Francesco Beretti and Bishop Augusto Sieffert, CSSR, serving as co-consecrators. Maurer was later promoted to Archbishop of Sucre on October 27, 1951, and attended the Second Vatican Council from 1962 to 1965.
Pope Paul VI created him Cardinal Priest of "Ss. Redentore e S. Alfonso in Via Merulana" in the consistory of June 26, 1967; Maurer was the first cardinal from Bolivia. He was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the conclaves of August and October 1978, which selected Popes John Paul I and John Paul II respectively. Maurer resigned his post as Archbishop on November 30, 1983, after twenty-nine years of service.
The Cardinal died in Sucre, at age 90. He is buried in the metropolitan cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="18462583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462583" title="Arthur Marvin">
Arthur Marvin

Arthur Marvin (May 1859 – January 18, 1911), was an American cinematographer who worked for the American Mutoscope and Biograph Company in which his brother Henry ('Harry') Marvin was one of the four founders (the others being Herman Casler, William Kennedy Laurie Dickson and Elias Koopman). 
He shot 418 films between 1897 and 1911, including "The Adventures of Dollie" (1908), the directorial debut of D. W. Griffith, as well as other early Griffith shorts such as "Pippa Passes" in 1909.
He directed the short film "Sherlock Holmes Baffled", which was the earliest known film to feature Arthur Conan Doyle's detective character Sherlock Holmes.
His nephew Daniel Marvin, Henry's son, perished in the sinking of the RMS Titanic in 1912.
He was born in Warners, New York, USA and died in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18462588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462588" title="Driftwood (album)">
Driftwood (album)

Driftwood is the sixth studio album by Eddi Reader released in the UK on 8 October 2001.
Driftwood is also the name of the recording studios, owned by Roy Dodds, where the tracks were all recorded during the same sessions for the previous album Simple Soul.
The album has a somewhat unique status as being almost an album of outtakes although critics and fans regarded it as a bona fide and worthy follow-up album in its own right.
The album was released independently by Reader herself and initially sold at the Simple Soul autumn 2001 tour dates. It can now be purchased via Eddi's official website.
A couple of the tracks are available on other albums as different versions. "Curragh of Kildare" would later resurface as "The winter it is past" on the Sings the Songs of Robert Burns album whilst "Old Soul" was a reworking of "I felt a soul move through me" from Simple Soul.
"Wasting time" is a Ron Sexsmith song from his self-titled 1995 album. Sexsmith had previously written "On a Whim" specifically for Reader which appeared on her 1998 album "Angels and Electricity".
"Good girl" was written for and used in the BBC drama "Real Women". 

</doc>
<doc id="18462591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462591" title="Maureen Howard">
Maureen Howard

Maureen Howard (born June 28, 1930) is an American writer, editor, and lecturer known for her award-winning autobiography "Facts of Life".
She was born Maureen Kearns in Bridgeport, Connecticut. Her father William L. Kearns worked for the State's Attorney's Office as a detective where he was assigned to the Harold Israel case. Howard attended Smith College, graduating with a B.A. in 1952. After graduation she worked in advertising for several years and married Professor Daniel F. Howard in 1954. In 1960, Howard published her first novel "Not a Word about Nightingales" which tells the story of a New England girl who is sent to Perugia, Italy to retrieve her father who is on an extended sabbatical. The book was a bestseller and she followed it with several other novels set in New England with Irish-American protagonists. She divorced Daniel Howard in 1967 and married David J. Gordon the following year. In 1967 she was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship. The same year she was named a Radcliffe Institute Fellow. During the late 1960s and 1970s she taught literature, drama and creative writing at The New School and UCSB and lectured at CUNY and Columbia University. In 1978 she published her autobiography "Facts of Life" which won a National Book Critics Circle Award. She continued writing novels and taught English at Amherst College. In 1981 she married author and stockbroker Mark Probst. She was named a fellow by the Ingram Merrill Foundation in 1988. In 1993, she was awarded the Literary Lion Award by the New York Public Library.

</doc>
<doc id="18462595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462595" title="Durfee Mills">
Durfee Mills

Durfee Mills is an historic textile mill complex located at 359-479 Pleasant Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
Mill No. 1 was built in 1866 for the manufacture of cotton cloth. The company was named in honor of Major Bradford Durfee. The mill complex is the largest, and most complete in the city. Mill No. 2 was added in 1871, and Mill No. 3 in 1881, raising the capacity to 109,360 spindles. It produced 23 million yards of cotton cloth annually.
The company was liquidated in 1935. In 1968, the site was photographed by Jack E. Boucher as part of the Historic American Buildings Survey
The mills were added to the National Historic Register in 1983.
Today, the site, along with the adjacent Union Mills is occupied by numerous retail businesses and a restaurant, and is known as the Durfee-Union Mills. The Massachusetts Registry of Motor Vehicles has an office in the complex.

</doc>
<doc id="18462607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462607" title="Worringer Bruch">
Worringer Bruch

The Worringer Bruch is a section of swampy lowlands in the far north of Cologne, Germany. It is approximately 8,000 years old, and is now almost a completely dried up meander part of the Rhine. It was named after an adjacent district of Cologne, Worringen, which once was an independent city, which has a thousand years of history (first mentioned in 922).
The Worringer Bruch is geographically 37.5 m above sea level, and is the lowest point of Cologne (the highest is 118.3 m – a hill in the wood of the Königsforst). The water level is closely related to the water level of the river Rhine. Today, Worringer Bruch offers shelter for different types of forest and cultural landscapes such as pastures and orchards, the most important being the floodplain landscape. In addition, Worringer Bruch serves as a valuable regional habitat for several endangered plants and animal species.
Playing an essential role in the conservation and protection of nature, rare animals and plant species, it also serves as the "green lungs" of Cologne. It is also a notable area for recreation and nature experience such as hiking, and flora and fauna exploration. In 1991, the Worringer Bruch was designated as a nature reserve.
Fauna.
As large parts of Worringer Bruch are difficult for people to access, it is an ideal habitat for many animal and bird species, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18462622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462622" title="HD 213429">
HD 213429

HD 213429 is a high proper-motion star. 

</doc>
<doc id="18462624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462624" title="Edith Haldeman">
Edith Haldeman

Edith Haldeman (April 17, 1905 – October 1984) was an American child actress of the early silent film era. She appeared in 36 films between 1909 and 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18462626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462626" title="Mahmood Mosque, Zürich">
Mahmood Mosque, Zürich

The Mahmood Mosque, () situated in Forchstrasse, Zurich, is the first purpose-built mosque in Switzerland. It ia owned and run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. The mosque has a minaret, the new construction of which is now banned in Switzerland by popular vote.
The foundation stone was laid on 25 August 1962 by Amatul Hafiz Begum, daughter of the founder of the Ahmadiyya movement, Mirza Ghulam Ahmad. The mosque was inaugurated in June 1963 in presence of Sir Muhammad Zafrulla Khan and City-President of Zurich, Emil Landolt.
The mission in Switzerland was led by Mushtaq Ahmad Bajwa from June 1962 until January 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18462635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462635" title="Afewerki">
Afewerki

Afewerki is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18462638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462638" title="Powichthys">
Powichthys

Powichthys is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Devonian period. This fish it was small in size, about 30 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="18462644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462644" title="The Lovin' Spoonful Anthology">
The Lovin' Spoonful Anthology

"The Lovin' Spoonful Anthology" is a compilation album by the folk rock group The Lovin' Spoonful, released in 1990.
"The Lovin' Spoonful Anthology" focuses mainly on The Lovin' Spoonful's 1965-1966 releases with a few obscure tracks such as "Pow!" from their "What's Up, Tiger Lily?" soundtrack and "Good Time Music", an early song found on a label sampler. All the band's biggest hits are included as well as a booklet with comments about the songs from John Sebastian.
Reception.
In his Allmusic review, music critic Richie Unterberger wrote "Unquestionably the finest collection of a major band that did much to launch American folk-rock in the mid-'60s. "Anthology" jams 26 cuts onto a single CD, including all of their hits and some of their strongest album tracks, drawing mostly from their 1965-1966 prime."

</doc>
<doc id="18462646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462646" title="Ken Lewenza, Sr.">
Ken Lewenza, Sr.

Ken Lewenza, Sr. (born 1954 in Windsor, Ontario, Canada) is the National President of the Canadian Auto Workers union, having been acclaimed at that organization's national convention on September 6, 2008. He was previously the president of the Canadian Auto Workers, Local 444 in Windsor, Ontario, Canada. He replaced Buzz Hargrove as the union's national president.
Lewenza was born in Windsor, a middle child among eight. His father, Bill Lewenza, was a longtime steward and committeeman with Local 444.
Lewenza dropped out of high school after Grade 10, at age 16, worked in a gas station, married the next year, and had a son when he was still 17.
In 1972, he went from the $1.65-an-hour minimum wage job at the gas station, to a $4.48 job on the chassis line at Chrysler Canada's Windsor automobile assembly plant. For the first three years he was in the plant, Lewenza's father was still there, serving as a committeeman. His father advised Lewenza to be careful about getting involved in the union, urging him instead to focus on his young family.
Lewenza became an alternate to an elected steward, taking over for the steward whenever he was away from the job. That allowed Lewenza to prove himself to the other workers, and in 1978, he was elected a full-time steward.
Lewenza was elected committeeman in 1983, representing about 1,000 workers in the minivan plant, and plant chairman in 1987, around the time his father died. When local president Ken Gerard died suddenly in 1990, vice-president Larry Bauer took over as president and Lewenza became vice-president. When Bauer died four years later in 1994, Lewenza moved up once again, becoming the local's president.
As president of the local, Lewenza became a well-known figure in the Windsor-Essex area. He presided over five consecutive sets of negotiations with Chrysler as the chair of the CAW Chrysler Master Bargaining Committee.
Lewenza's son, Ken Lewenza, Jr., is a former city councillor in Windsor who representing Ward 4 from 2006-2010. Lewenza Jr. also works for Chrysler and is active with Local 444.

</doc>
<doc id="18462650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462650" title="Charles Craig (actor)">
Charles Craig (actor)

Charles Craig was an American actor. He appeared in 120 films between 1909 and 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="18462658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462658" title="Afful">
Afful

Afful is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18462667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462667" title="Frank Evans (actor)">
Frank Evans (actor)

Frank Evans was an American actor. He appeared in 170 films between 1908 and 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="18462670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462670" title="United States Champion Thoroughbred Trainer by earnings">
United States Champion Thoroughbred Trainer by earnings

There is recognition for the United States Champion Thoroughbred Trainer by earnings but no formal award is given to the trainer in Thoroughbred flat racing whose horses earned the most purse money in North American Thoroughbred racing.
Note that the figures includes earnings in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18462671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462671" title="Lloyd Seay">
Lloyd Seay

Carl D. "Lightning" Lloyd Seay (December 14, 1919 – September 2, 1941) was an early stock car racing driver from Georgia. NASCAR founder Bill France, Sr. described Seay as the "best pure race driver I ever saw". He was shot to death by his cousin over a moonshine operation. His last name was pronounced as "See".
Seay came from a racing family. His cousin Roy Hall was a racer who was the subject of the Jim Croce song "Rapid Roy, that Stock Car Boy". Another cousin, Raymond Parks, was the owner of NASCAR's first Strictly Stock (now Sprint Cup) championship car.
Moonshine runner.
A Georgia deputy described Seay, "He was without a doubt the best automobile driver of this time. He was absolutely fearless, and an excellent driver on those dusty, dirt roads. I caught him eight times and had to shoot his tires off every time." A different deputy described another night when he pulled Seay over for speeding as he was transporting a load of moonshine through a city north of Atlanta. After he gave the deputy two five dollar bills, the officer said, "Dammit Lloyd, you know the fine for speedin' ain't but five dollars" Seay replied, "Yeah, but I'm gon' be in a hurry comin' back, so I'm payin' an advance."
Racing career.
Lloyd began racing in 1938, winning in his first stock car race at Lakewood Speedway driving a 1934 Ford owned by his cousin Raymond Parks and tuned by Red Vogt when he was 18 years old. On November 21, 1938, Seay won a 150-mile darkness shortened national championship stock car race at Lakewood.
He flipped his car twice during the July 27, 1941 race at the Daytona Beach Road Course and finished fourth. He returned to the track later that year on August 24, 1941 against his cousin Roy Hall in Parks' cars. After starting fifteenth, he led all 50 laps in the race. He won his next race on August 31 at High Point, and left immediately for the Labor Day race at Lakewood Speedway on the following day. He arrived late at the event, missing qualifying. He had to start last, and he passed into the lead on lap 35. He battled Bob Flock all afternoon before winning the $450 race. It was his last race. He had won three races in 15 days.
Death.
After winning the Lakewood race, he drove to his brother Jim's house in Burlsboro, Georgia to sleep overnight. The next morning, their cousin Woodrow Anderson came to the house to settle a dispute over sugar that Lloyd had charged to Woodrow's account. Lloyd, Jim, and Woodrow went to Woodrow's father's house to settle the dispute, and Lloyd was shot by Woodrow Anderson. He was buried in Dawsonville Cemetery. The November 2, 1941 race at Lakewood Speedway was dedicated to Seay.
Awards.
He was one of eight drivers inducted in the first class of the Georgia Racing Hall of Fame in 2002, along with Bill Elliott, Tim Flock, Red Byron, and Seay's cousins Parks and Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18462678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462678" title="Afoa">
Afoa

Afoa is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18462686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462686" title="Brodrick Haldane">
Brodrick Haldane

Brodrick Vernon Chinnery-Haldane (12 July 1912 – 3 February 1996) was a Scottish-born society photographer whom his English contemporary Sir Cecil Beaton allegedly once described as the founder of modern society photography.
Early life.
Brodrick Haldane was the youngest of four children from one of Scotland's oldest landed families, the Haldanes of Gleneagles. His early years were spent at Alltshellach, the family's home in the Inverness-shire district of Nether Lochaber, where his grandfather had been Bishop of Argyll and the Isles. In 1918, his father inherited a Perthshire estate and became the 26th Laird of Gleneagles.
Having attended Lancing College, Brodrick was well aware that he had not made the best of his scholastic opportunities. Attracted to the stage, he became an extra at Elstree Studios and featured in such early films as "Murder in Monte Carlo", starring Errol Flynn, and "Two Hearts in Waltz Time".
Career.
It was the purchase of a vest-pocket Kodak which changed Haldane's life. Extrovert in nature, although he always claimed to be shy, he persuaded George Bernard Shaw and Margot Asquith, the Countess of Oxford & Asquith, to sit for him. Being well-connected, he gained easy access to the balls and dances of the London Season. Surprisingly, his parents took a lenient view of his new-found vocation. "So long as you don't disgrace the family name," was his father's only advice.
Throughout the 1930s, it was fashionable for the wealthy to spend their summers in the South of France and winters in Austria or Switzerland. Every year, the routine would be similar, the same people being found in the same places, and as a consequence, unexpected familiarities were established. When he was rushed to hospital for an appendix operation shortly before the Second World War, one of those who came to visit him was Rose Kennedy, mother of the future American president. One of Brodrick's most striking group portraits is of Rose with her children, including the future President, on holiday.
In Monte Carlo, he hunted down the Duke and Duchess of Windsor at a charity gala, and they invited him to join their table. "They seemed rather lonely," he recalled. " I had photographed the duchess before when she was married to Ernest Simpson, and she recognised me."
Serving as a gunner with the 83rd Battery during the war, Haldane was stationed at Chatham. After peace was declared in 1945, he recognised immediately that the glittering social world of between the wars would never be the same again, then a chance encounter with Michael Powell, the film director, led him to two years' work at Pinewood Studios.
This completed, he was invited to stay in Switzerland. with the Countess Chevreau d'Antraigues, daughter of the Scottish shipping tycoon Sir John Latta. She was to become his greatest benefactor and for twenty years her home L'Elysee in Lausanne, became his operational European base. With Queen Victoria Eugenie of Spain, Queen Victoria's granddaughter, living in the house next door, there was a constant coming-and-going between the Royal Houses of Europe. In addition, Charles Chaplin was in tax exile in nearby Vevey, and Noël Coward had bought a villa at Les Avants, where Marlene Dietrich was a regular visitor.
In 1964, Haldane returned to Scotland where his elder brother, Captain Alexander Chinnery-Haldane, had by then become 27th Laird of Gleneagles. Although the two brothers were entirely different in character, there was a strong bond between them. For the remaining thirty years of his life, Haldane lived in great style at 56, India Street in Edinburgh's Georgian New Town while continuing to photograph many of the well-known personalities of Scottish life. Among those who regularly stayed in his home were Margaret, Duchess of Argyll, and her successor as wife of the 11th Duke of Argyll, Mathilda, Duchess of Argyll.
In 1984, Haldane officially opened his Edinburgh flat to the general public and visitors could enjoy a tour for fifty pence. On his drawing room walls he displayed some of the more memorable portraits of the rich and famous, and at the time of his death in 1996 was planning a retrospective exhibition of his life's work.

</doc>
<doc id="18462699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462699" title="My Traitor's Heart">
My Traitor's Heart

My Traitor's Heart is an autobiographical book by Rian Malan first published in 1990 on his return from exile. It is subtitled "South African Exile Returns to Face His Country, His Tribe and His Conscience" or "Blood and Bad Dreams: A South African Exile Explores the Madness in His Country, His Tribe and Himself".
The book describes Malan's experience of growing up in Apartheid-era South Africa in which he explores race relations through prominent murder cases. In addition, he reflects on the history of his family, a prominent Afrikaner clan that migrated to the Cape in the 17th century and included Daniel François Malan, the South African Prime Minister who was a principal ideological force behind Apartheid doctrine.
The book became a best-seller, was translated into 11 languages and was still in print 14 years later. It has been called both brilliant and racist.

</doc>
<doc id="18462703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462703" title="Avgerinos">
Avgerinos

Avgerinos is a community located in the Tsotyli municipal unit, situated in western Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18462710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462710" title="Mysore (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Mysore (Lok Sabha constituency)

Mysore Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 28 Lok Sabha constituency in Karnataka.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Mysore Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight legislative assembly segments:
Madikeri and Virajpet Legislative Assembly segments were earlier in the erswhile Dakshina Kannada (Mangalore) Lok Sabha constituency. They were later added up to Mysore Lok sabha Constituency during Delimitation process in 2007 by Delimitation Commission of India, which came into existence during Indian general election, 2009.
Members of Parliament.
Mysore State:
Karnataka State:

</doc>
<doc id="18462713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462713" title="Ruth Hart">
Ruth Hart

Ruth Hart (1893 – 2 May 1952), was an American actress. She appeared in 35 films between 1909 and 1938.
She died in New York, New York, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="18462716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462716" title="Hunterston A nuclear power station">
Hunterston A nuclear power station

Hunterston A nuclear power station was a Magnox power station located at Hunterston in Ayrshire, Scotland, adjacent to Hunterston B and is currently being decommissioned.
History.
Construction of the power station, which was undertaken by a consortium of GEC and Simon Carves, began in 1957 and the facility was opened by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother on 22 September 1964. Hunterston A had two Magnox reactors capable of generating 180 MWe each. The reactors were supplied by GEC and the turbines by C.A. Parsons & Company. The main civil engineering contractor was Mowlem.
The Magnox reactors used natural uranium fuel (in magnox alloy 'cans') within a graphite core, and were cooled by carbon dioxide gas. Each reactor, which consisted of more than 3000 fuel channels, was enclosed in a steel pressure vessel. Eight boilers, known as Steam Raising Units, were located around each reactor. An outer building, mainly of glass, provided weather protection. The six 60 MW generators were located in an adjoining turbine hall.
The Hunterston A reactor design was unique in that each was raised up to a height of over 10 metres to enable refuelling to take place from underneath. This meant that gravity assisted the process of used fuel removal, and avoided the need for lifting machinery to be inserted into the active core for on-load refuelling.
In later years of operation the reactors were derated to 150 MWe each. This was to slow the corrosion of steel components which, at the original higher temperatures, could have compromised reactor life.
Shutdown and decommissioning.
Hunterston A closed in 1990, with Reactor 2 shutting down on 31 December 1989 and Reactor 1 on 31 March 1990, immediately prior to the splitting of SSEB into Scottish Power and Scottish Nuclear.
Ownership.
From construction to closure in March 1990, the power station was owned and operated by South of Scotland Electricity Board. As part of the privatisation of the Scottish electricity generators, Hunterston A was transferred, with the adjacent Hunterston B, to the new state owned company Scottish Nuclear. In 1996 upon privatisation of the UK nuclear industry, the site was transferred, this time on its own to the state-owned Magnox Electric. In April 2005, the NDA took over ownership and place the site with its Site Licence company, Magnox North Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="18462719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462719" title="Afolabi">
Afolabi

Afolabi is a name of Yoruba origin that means "born in wealth and high status". Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="18462724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462724" title="Raymond F. DuBois">
Raymond F. DuBois

Raymond F. DuBois Jr. (born June 5, 1947 in Washington D.C.) is a private consultant in national security and defense policy and also a Senior Adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a bipartisan think-tank in Washington, D.C. At CSIS he focuses on international security policy, defense management reform and initiatives emanating from the 2006 Quadrennial Defense Review to include the “execution roadmaps” focusing on Building Partnership Capacity, Institutional Reform, and Governance and Strategic Communications. His expertise is in Defense Department organization, management and reform; land forces tactical and non-tactical systems; international 
and domestic installations and environmental issues; base realignment and closure; National Guard and Reserves issues; stability operations and reconstruction; continuity of business operations and crisis management; and logistics, transportation, aerospace, electronics, and telecommunications sectors. He is a member of the Defense Health Board and its NCR BRAC Health Systems Advisory Committee. Mr. DuBois is also a member of the Bipartisan Policy Center’s Commission on Stabilizing Fragile States. He has spoken at the Maxwell School of Syracuse University, at the European Forum Alpbach 2008 in Austria, at the Marine Corps University, Quantico, Virginia, and before audiences of the National Defense Industry Association and the Association of the United States Army.
Background.
Ray DuBois was born in Washington D.C. in 1947 to Annabella Walling DuBois and Raymond F. DuBois (Rear Admiral U.S. Navy). After growing up in Washington and New London, Connecticut, he attended the Pine Point School in Stonington, CT and The Taft School in Watertown, CT. Mr. DuBois served in the U.S. Army from 1967 to 1969, including nearly 13 months in the central highlands of Vietnam as a combat intelligence operations sergeant. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Politics from Princeton University in 1972. At Princeton, Mr. DuBois was a three year letterman on the varsity lacrosse team, and was a member of the University Cottage Club. Upon graduation, he moved to New York City to pursue a career in finance at Smith Barney & Co. A year later, however, he received a rare opportunity to work for Dr. James Schlesinger, the newly appointed Secretary of Defense, as his Staff Assistant. In 1977, Mr. DuBois resigned as the Deputy Under Secretary of the Army and then was in the private sector for 23 years, living and working in Mexico City, Brussels, London, New York, and Washington D.C., until he returned to public service in 2001. In 1992, Mr. DuBois married the former Helen Rutherford Runnells. They currently live in Washington, D.C. and have two children: Lionel Pierre DuBois II (b. 1993) and Mary Chester DuBois (b. 1995).
Career.
He most recently served as acting Under Secretary of the Army from February 2005 to February 2006. Prior to that, from October 2002 to May 2005, he was Director of Administration and Management and principal staff assistant to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld on all manpower, real estate, and organizational planning for the Office of the Secretary of Defense. Concurrently, he was the Director of Washington Headquarters Services, where, as “Mayor of the Pentagon”, he directly managed 2,500 employees and a $1.3 billion budget, the 800 person Pentagon Force Protection Agency and the $5.5 billion Pentagon Renovation Program. From April 2001 through November 2004, Mr. DuBois served as the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Installations and Environment during which time he managed the “Base Realignment and Closure” Program and established policy for the $660 billion worldwide inventory of installations, ranges, housing, utilities and environmental programs. He was president of Potomac Strategies International LLC from 1995 to 2000, providing strategic management, marketing and financial support to companies in the aerospace, electronics, telecommunications, and telemedicine industries. From 1990 to 1995, he worked for the Digital Equipment Corporation as director of strategic plans and policies of the Aerospace, Defense Electronics, and Government Group and was later worldwide marketing director for the Defense Industries Group.
Honors/awards.
Mr. DuBois is the recipient of the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service, the Army Civilian Distinguished Public Service Award (twice), the Navy Distinguished Public Service Award, the Air Force Decoration for Exceptional Civilian Service, and the Army Commander's Award for Public Service. He also received the Army Commendation Medal for his service in Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="18462732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462732" title="Shane Valenti">
Shane Valenti

Shane Valenti (born 29 January 1987) is an Australian rules footballer, who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) and currently plays for Port Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Valenti was selected with the 51st selection in the 2007 NAB AFL Rookie Draft, which was Melbourne's final draft selection for that season. He made his mark in the Victorian Football League, playing with Melbourne's VFL-affiliate Sandringham, as a tough, in and under midfielder, and won the Fothergill-Round Medal as the league's most outstanding young player.
Valenti made his senior debut for the Demons in round 8 against Adelaide in the 2008 season, he played a total of nine games for the year. The 2009 season saw Valenti only manage six senior games for Melbourne, spending majority of the season as a consistent performer in the VFL, with Melbourne's new affiliate team Casey and finishing fifth in Casey's best and fairest. 
At the end of the 2009 season, Valenti was delisted by the Demons.
In 2010, Valenti moved to the Port Melbourne Borough in the VFL. He had an outstanding second half of the season, and was joint winner of the J. J. Liston Trophy, tying on 20 votes with North Ballarat's Steve Clifton. He became the first player in league history to win both the Fothergill-Round Medal and the Liston Trophy. He was also named in the VFL team of the year.
In 2011, Valenti won his second consecutive J. J. Liston Trophy, becoming the third player in VFA/VFL history to win the award back-to-back. With his win, there was speculation that he may be recruited by AFL teams Greater Western Sydney or Essendon, but neither eventuated and he remained with Port Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="18462735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462735" title="Bavarian B VIII">
Bavarian B VIII

The B VIII steam engines of the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn") were tender locomotives.
This class was a forerunner of the first Bavarian express train locomotive. It was equipped with an inside Stephenson valve gear, inside steam chests, detachable cranks, ("Aufsteckkurbel") and a full outside frame ("aussenliegender Füllrahmen"). The firebox was supported in order to provide a better distribution of weight.
They were equipped with Bavarian 3 T 9 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18462742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462742" title="89.1 Radio Blue Mountains">
89.1 Radio Blue Mountains

89.1 Radio Blue Mountains is a not-for-profit, all volunteer community radio station serving the upper and mid Blue Mountains since 1993. It broadcasts 24 hours a day from its studio in Gang Gang Street, Katoomba, to a potential audience of some 75,000 people across the Blue Mountains and to a much wider national and international audience through internet streaming.
Radio Blue Mountains is linked to the CBAA Community Radio Network, a national community radio network which provides a wide range of programming when local presenters are not available.
The station is funded through listener support, grants and limited commercial sponsorship.
History.
The Blue Mountains Public Broadcasting Society was set up in Katoomba in 1985. In June 1992, the then Australian Broadcasting Tribunal granted a full-time community broadcasting licence to the society. In 1994 the station purchased a satellite dish to enable it to receive the CBAA Community Radio Network program feed, allowing 89.1 Radio Blue Mountains to broadcast 24 hours a day. The Society celebrated its 21st anniversary in 2007. In August 2008 the station obtained a license to broadcast on the Internet and began implementing Internet streaming systems. 
Programming.
The station's diverse programming is designed to suit the needs of the Blue Mountains community, ranging from programs for the disabled to others featuring local bands. Interviews with people of interest to Blue Mountains residents and occasional live outside broadcasts are also a feature of its programming. The station’s programs involve a wide range of music styles including jazz, country, rock, dance, blues and classical as well as coverage of local issues and events.
Community Involvement.
89.1 Radio Blue Mountains works closely with the all sections of the Blue Mountains community. Its close relationship with the Blue Mountains City Council has led to efforts to establish the station as an emergency communicator in times of bushfires and other catastrophes. The station encourages local musicians and runs the annual Battle of the Bands and highlights social and cultural activity in the Upper Blue Mountains through on-air interviews along with its daily promotion of community events through its Community Notice Board segments. 

</doc>
<doc id="18462748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462748" title="The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers of 2007">
The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers of 2007

This is a list of adult non-fiction books that topped "The New York Times" Non-Fiction Best Seller list in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18462750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462750" title="120th meridian east">
120th meridian east

The meridian 120° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Indian Ocean, Australia, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 120th meridian east forms a great circle with the 60th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 120th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18462752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462752" title="Mac Barnes">
Mac Barnes

Michael Malott "Mac" Barnes (June 2, 1863, Bedford, Indiana — January 10, 1923, Los Angeles, California) was an American actor. He appeared in 23 films between 1909 to 1921. He died, aged 59, in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="18462754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462754" title="Volunteer Calgary">
Volunteer Calgary

Volunteer Calgary is a volunteer center based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. The main role of this volunteer center is to provide service to the non-profit community in Calgary and help to promote and encourage volunteerism in the city.[http://www.volunteercalgary.ab.ca/?gclid=CNSIzNSW7ZgCFQ0NDQod9BgM0g]
History of volunteering in Calgary.
The city of Calgary has a long history of volunteering, as a prairie settlement, volunteering was literally a matter of survival for the European settlers who came with dreams of settling the west. The spirit of community was evident in the lives of these early homesteaders as they quickly formed tight niches amongst each other. For those early settlers, volunteering was as simple as helping a neighbor build a house to donating food or supplies to those settlers that were struggling and as the community grew so did the spirit of Volunteering (i.e.)traditional barn raising events, church socials, volunteer fire brigades etc.
The first Volunteer Center in Canada was established in 1937 in Montreal to respond to the need for volunteers during the Second World War. The first volunteer center in Calgary was established in 1955 by the Junior League. During the 1960s and 1970s, Volunteer Centers were established across Canada in many urban areas, with intentions to promote and support effective volunteering.
Today there are over 200 Volunteer Centers across Canada these centers have developed significant expertise in the area of volunteerism through the development of programs, research, and training. The centers are committed to resolving issues influencing the way people volunteer in Canada by reducing the barriers and promoting safe and meaningful volunteer opportunities. Volunteer Centers support and promote a variety of new and emerging trends in volunteering. Areas of volunteering include such programs as: youth volunteerism, corporate volunteerism, mandatory volunteerism, community service orders, educational campaigns, and governmental legislation.
Since the early settlers, Calgary has grown to become a vibrant cosmopolitan city of over 1 million and the spirit of volunteering is becoming prominent due to the ongoing work of the local volunteer centers.
Statistics on volunteering in Calgary.
There are currently over 400 organizations that benefit from the services of Volunteer Calgary. Members are a wide range of registered charities and non-profit organizations in Calgary and area, including The Salvation Army, Heart and Stroke Foundation of Alberta, Alberta Theatre Projects, Calgary Stampede, Calgary Public Library, Ronald McDonald House Southern Alberta, EPCOR Centre for the Performing Arts, Girl Guides of Canada - Alberta, UNICEF Alberta, Habitat for Humanity - Calgary.

</doc>
<doc id="18462780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462780" title="Adrienne Kroell">
Adrienne Kroell

Adrienne Kroell (July 1892 – 2 October 1949), was an American actress. She appeared in over 75 films between 1909 and 1914.
She was born in Chicago, Illinois, USA and died in Evanston, Illinois, of complications from arthritis.

</doc>
<doc id="18462794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462794" title="Miguashaia">
Miguashaia

Miguashaia is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Devonian period. "Miguashaia" is the most primitive coelacanth fish.
See also.
List of prehistoric bony fish

</doc>
<doc id="18462799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462799" title="Afrah">
Afrah

Afrah is a name.it is a islamic name means happy. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18462805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462805" title="N32">
N32

N32 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18462814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462814" title="Carl Winterhoff">
Carl Winterhoff

Carl Winterhoff was an American actor. He appeared in 18 films between 1909 and 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="18462837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462837" title="Okichitaw">
Okichitaw

Okichitaw is a martial art based on the fighting techniques of the Plains Cree First Nations. It was founded and developed by Canadian martial artist, George J. Lépine.
History.
Origins.
In his youth, founder George J. Lépine learned traditional wrestling, tomahawk throwing and hand-to-hand combat techniques ("miche che kiske"). He also trained in judo, taekwondo and hapkido. Lépine developed Okichitaw and established Okichitaw in Toronto, Canada. He is the Director and Chief Instructor ("Okimikahn Kiskino Huma Kew" in Cree). George Lépine is Michif Plains-Cree from Manitoba and learned traditional hunting and tracking practices from a very young age. Teachings of traditional fighting techniques were also passed onto him. He started martial arts at the age of 13 in Winnipeg, Canada. As he was progressing in his martial arts training, his Taekwondo Grandmaster encouraged him to embrace his traditions of native combat and to find ways to preserve and perpetuate this knowledge.
Based on Canadian Plains Cree combat principles and methods – both from his own teachings and through extensive historical research – Okimikahn Lépine combined this knowledge of native combat with his aboriginal culture and values and his extensive martial arts experience to create Okichitaw. For 20+ years he has been distilling this knowledge, codifying and systematizing it into a modern martial arts system. Okichitaw is a renewed expression of this traditional warrior knowledge, carrying these techniques and tactics and values to the present and into the future.
His family's aboriginal ancestry and contributions are well documented throughout the provinces of Manitoba and Saskatchewan. George’s Grandfather – Ambroise Lepine – was Louis Riel’s Adjutant-General for the Métis Provisional Government during their struggles in the late 1870s and 1880s. The political strategies adopted by the Métis Government had roots stemming from the politics of the buffalo hunt, which was overseen by Ambroise Lepine. In charge of the military action, Ambroise facilitated every movement of the Métis. Since Ambroise worked together extensively with Riel, the Métis Government cast Ambroise as a major player in the Métis Government.
Okimikahn Lépine has served as President for the Toronto Métis Council, Regional Councillor for the Métis Nation of Ontario, National Delegate for the Aboriginal Languages Initiative, President for the Native Canadian Centre of Toronto, Executive for the Ontario Aboriginal Sports Circle, and the Vice President for the North American Indigenous Games International Council. He is very active in all aspects of the Aboriginal Community throughout Canada, educating people through his experiences and culture.
In the early 1990s, Lépine began to organize and codify these techniques and methods, resulting in the system as it is practised today. The main Okichitaw training lodge ("mistiko kamik") is located at the martial arts school of the Native Canadian Centre of Toronto and the art is disseminated through classes, workshops and demonstrations.
The scarcity of original reference materials casts doubt upon any attempt to reconstruct indigenous systems; since the latter half of the 20th century, there has been an emerging acceptance of oral traditions as sources of historical record.
Elder Vern Harper has been involved with Okichitaw from its early stages, advising and encouraging Lépine in its development. Harper officiates at Okichitaw ceremonies and promotions tests. 
Recognition.
Lépine presented Okichitaw at the Chungju World Martial Arts Festival in 2002 where it was formally recognized as a unique indigenous martial art of Canada by the World Martial Arts Union. The Chungju Festival, the largest festival of its kind, is an annual forum and showcase for indigenous martial arts, with the country of each art's origin fielding teams. For example, only Japanese teams may demonstrate Karate, and only the Canadian team may present Okichitaw. In 2004 and 2008, Lépine led Okichitaw demonstration teams representing Canada at the Festival.
World Martial Arts Union (WoMAU).
The World Martial Arts Union carries out the work with the aim of exchange and cooperation between martial arts organizations, promotion and conservation of each country's traditional martial arts, research and study of martial arts and contributes positively to world peace.
World Martial Arts Union (WoMAU) was first established in 2002 by representatives from 28 countries and agreed that the origin of traditional martial arts should be conserved, disseminated and developed at an international level and there should be an international organization for exchanges between nations undertakes organizing study and research activities such as seminars and conferences relating to martial arts, organizing or sponsoring demonstration or exhibition events, and providing administrative and technical assistances to the member organizations with a view to facilitating their participation in events.
With this, WoMAU which has been building massive archive with a view to systematically collecting, exchanging and disseminating traditional martial arts data through exchanges of personnel and information between the member organizations tries to establish a firm foothold for world central organization in the field of martial arts based on an official relation with UNESCO.
Training.
Offensive.
Weapons are introduced early in a student's training because of the influence of the weapons on the hand-to-hand techniques. The main weapons used in the Okichitaw martial arts system are the Gunstock Warclub and the Long Knife. Although only advanced students will train with these weapons, all hand techniques of Okichitaw are based on the hand positioning and attack applications of these specific weapons.
The primary weapon of Okichitaw is the gunstock war club, ("nontoni towin mistik"). These war clubs were originally a derivative of the flint musket rifle stocks, although later versions were made to simulate the rifle stock shape and The Plains gunstock war club has a characteristic elbow in the stock in both the long (horseback) or short (ground) versions.
Tomahawk, short and long lance and Plains dagger are also part of basic Okichitaw training. Hand-to-hand techniques often assume the use of tomahawk and knife, but do not always rely upon the use of weapons. In Okichitaw, the hand positions are held as though there are weapons – in the same way that Aikido's kamae position assumes the use of a sword – but, as in Aikido, the techniques do not presuppose use of weapons. Most Okichitaw techniques have both weapon and open-handed variations but the focus is primarily through the application of hard forearm impact techniques.
Defensive.
As in many martial arts, much of training is based upon one-to-one combat. The attacker initiates the combat, offering a physical threat using basic weapons – tomahawk and knife attacks, or a punch. The student demonstrating the technique responds to the attack, usually by immediately moving into the attacker's space with a combination of blocks, strikes, holds, rolls or throws to complete the technique.
As in other grappling arts, rolls, flips and body dives are means of extricating oneself from an attack. In Okichitaw, these maneuvers are also methods of moving into a technique - the flip, roll or body dive are part of the takedown.
Etymology.
The word "Okichitaw" is based on the Plains Cree "okichitawak", an honorific applied to Cree warriors by the Elders after a younger man had proved himself in battle. "Okichitawak" was used to describe the warriors within the community who had developed special skills used for survival, protection and warfare. The name "Okichitaw" was suggested by Elders in Lépine's native Manitoba when he sought guidance in naming the martial art. "Okichitawak" was modified to be easily pronounced by non-Cree speakers.
Philosophy.
Ceremonies and promotional testing of Okichitaw is based on Cree warrior society of the Canadian plains. Modern-day training is intended to give the Okichitaw student direction and focus through self-challenge and confronting his or her fears and limitations in a controlled environment while building physical and mental strength. Warriors in Cree societies are called 'People who watch over people': that concept of peaceful, protective engagement is central to the philosophy and practice of Okichitaw.
'Grandfather teachings'.
Love, Respect, Humility, Honesty, Wisdom, Bravery and Truth are the seven Grandfather teachings that inform the training and application of Okichitaw. Every student is expected to adhere to these basic principles in all aspects of their training. Proper conduct is required from students in their daily lives and interactions; this includes a renunciation of unnecessary violence and a commitment to conflict resolution in their lives.
Medicine Wheel and Four Directions.
Among the indigenous peoples of North America, there is great significance to each of the Four Directions.
In daily training, the Four Directions are used when challenging an attack: a response is devised within a fraction of a second (east) and techniques are employed with energy, movement and commitment (south), so that the adversary is effectively controlled by the technique (north), before finally being taken down (west). All techniques are executed in an environment of the highest respect and restraint.
East: The east represents balance, confidence and creativity. In battle, the East influences the identification or location of an adversary, and when setting up and developing a solid attack position.
South: The south represents strength, focus and success. In battle, the South influences the brave, aggressive challenge of an opponent.
North: The north represents courage, energy and knowledge. In battle the North influences the control of an opponent with surprise or overwhelming force.
West: The west represents challenge, choice, and proof. In battle, the West influences the takedown and finishing off of an opponent before moving on the next adversary.
The teachings of the “Old Ones” also refer to the Seven Grandfather Teachings which embraces good manners, courtesy, respect and consideration for others. Ethics, on the other hand, is a fundamental set of acceptable behaviors which codifies the spirit of the martial arts and which martial artists can rely on to develop their mind and body, and to guide their everyday actions, behavior and judgment.
Ethics is an important part of the study of Okichitaw and sets the moral guideline for their practitioners. The principles outlined in Okichitaw training serve as the traditional, cultural and social standard by which practitioners are trained in Okichitaw. The foundation of these principles is the concept of non-violence, respect for oneself and others, loyalty to one’s family, friends, teachers, and community, and following the natural way being Warrior’s of Peace.
The adherence to the Seven Grandfather Teachings confirms a student's moral obligation to society and fellow human beings. A practitioner of Okichitaw is not only an athlete, well-versed in the art of combat, but also an upstanding citizen with strong moral and social virtues. An old native saying pertaining to that of becoming a Warrior of the Community, which says, “A boy must first learn to hunt before he learns the skill of warfare, and he must first know the teachings of the Old Ones before he practices these skills”.

</doc>
<doc id="18462858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462858" title="Galava (video game)">
Galava (video game)

Galava was a game created by its admin Alessandro Bassi on May 4, 2008. Players assumed the role of leaders of their own fictional empires. The game was first colonized by players from Lunar Wars and Cyber Nations. It was a free massive multiplayer online geo-political and war simulator, based in fantasy medieval times. Galava was first imagined in 2007, as an improvement to Bassi's other game, Lunar Wars.
Gameplay.
When a player first created their empire, they choose a user name, founder name of the empire, and the name of the empire. They can also choose their roleplay settings which sets the population and government position of their empire. After that, players can advance their nations' sophistication through buying progression, exploring new land types to enlarge their nation (land types include plains, hills, mountains, etc.), collect money and resources from their farms, mines and mills; and trade resources. These improve the economies of their empires. There are many other things to do as well such as enhance their magic skills for combat, purchase new troops, finding new ways to collect more resources, and make war on other empires.
A large aspect of the game was the ability to join guilds, which were alliances made up of several players under a central government. Guilds functioned to protect their members, compete with other guilds international stage and to form large Blocs among alliances. This causes a political background similar to real-world politics. Guilds in Galava included immigrants from other Games, which made up the majority of active guilds, and new guilds conceived in Galva. The game was also a refuge for many from Resist or Be Terminated, a game commissioned by Warner bros. preceding the theatrical release of Terminator Salvation, which used source code from Galava.
Closure.
On October 2, 2009, the game was closed down. The decision came as a result of a lack of funds to keep the site running and after suffering an attack by a hacker.

</doc>
<doc id="18462859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462859" title="Weisshorn (disambiguation)">
Weisshorn (disambiguation)

The Weisshorn (from German: "white peak") is a mountain located in the Pennine Alps. It is also the name of several other mountains:

</doc>
<doc id="18462869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462869" title="Basharat Mosque">
Basharat Mosque

The Basharat Mosque (span.: "Mezquita Basharat"; the name means “good news”) was inaugurated on September 10, 1982 in Pedro Abad, in the Spanish comarca of Alto Guadalquivir, province of Córdoba by Mirza Tahir Ahmad (late), fourth Caliph of Ahmadiyya Muslim Community (currently fifth Caliph Mirza Masroor Ahmad heads the Community). The mosque is the centre of Ahmadiyya-Movement in Spain.
The foundation stone was laid by the 3rd Khalifat-ul Masih, Mirza Nasir Ahmad on October 9, 1980. It is the first purpose-built mosque since the end of Muslim rule at the end of the 15th century. 
The annual gathering of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in Spain (Jalsa Salana) is celebrated in Pedro Abad.

</doc>
<doc id="18462876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462876" title="Amy P. Goldman">
Amy P. Goldman

Amy P. Goldman (born 1954) is a gardener, author, artist, philanthropist and advocate for seed saving, and heirloom fruits and vegetables. She is one of the foremost heirloom plant conservationists in the United States. Goldman is described as "perhaps the world's premier vegetable gardener" by Gregory Long, President of The New York Botanical Garden. On April 28, 2012, Goldman married Cary Fowler at the terrace on top of the Arsenal in Central Park.
Accomplishments.
Goldman is the author of three books, all illustrated by award-winning photographer Victor Schrager. Goldman's first book known as "Melons for the Passionate Grower" (Artisan, 2002), won an American Horticultural Society 2003 Annual Book Award, and was nominated for several other awards, including the Garden Writers Association of America 2003 Garden Globe Award of Achievement, various Bookbinder's Awards for design and production, A James Beard Foundation Award (Reference Books category) and the International Association of Culinary Professionals award for Best Design.
Goldman's second book called "The Compleat Squash: A Passionate Grower's Guide To Pumpkins, Squashes and Gourds", (Artisan, 2004) was chosen as a 2005 American Horticultural Society Book Award winner. This book also won a bronze award of achievement from The Garden Writers Association of America.
Goldman's latest book called "The Heirloom Tomato: From Garden to Table – Recipes, Portraits and History of the World's Most Beautiful Fruit", was published by Bloomsbury in August, 2008. It has been selected as a recipient of the American Horticultural Society's 2009 Book Award.
Goldman's writing appears in such publications as "Martha Stewart Living", "Fine Gardening", "Organic Gardening" and "Garden Design".
She has been profiled by The New York Times,
The Washington Post, "The New York Sun" and several other publications including "Organic Style" and
Horticulture magazine.
In addition, Goldman has appeared on "Martha Stewart Living" TV and PBS' "The Victory Garden".
Affiliations.
In July 2012, Goldman resigned from the board of directors of Seed Savers Exchange, after serving for more than ten years. She will continue her work with the group, in the role of special advisor to the board of directors. Goldman also sits on the Board of the New York Botanical Garden, and was previously a member of the Board of Trustees of the New York Restoration Project, a nonprofit organization bringing life back to the community parks and gardens of New York City through restoration and revitalization efforts.
In addition to her leadership of the Amy P. Goldman Foundation, Goldman is a trustee of the Lillian Goldman Charitable Trust, established in 1995. The Lillian Goldman Charitable Trust supports various agricultural research and preservation efforts, medical research and higher education. Goldman has served as Executive Director of the Sol Goldman Charitable Trust of New York City. In this role, Goldman directed support to various causes including medical research, hospitals, national and international Jewish organizations and New York City schools.
She is one of the four adult children of Sol Goldman (d. 1987), once New York City's wealthiest private landlord with an estimated net worth of $1 billion in 1984, and Lillian Goldman (d. 2002).
In May 2011, Amy P. Goldman was elected Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Center for Jewish History. The Center for Jewish History is one of the foremost Jewish research and cultural institutions in the world, having served over 1 million people in more than 100 countries.
Amy Goldman is also a Supporting Level Member of Social Venture Network based in California.

</doc>
<doc id="18462881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462881" title="John R. Cumpson">
John R. Cumpson

John R. Cumpson (1868 – March 15, 1913) was an American film and stage actor. He appeared in 124 films between 1905 and 1912. Cumpson died of pneumonia and diabetes in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18462918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462918" title="Bavarian B IX">
Bavarian B IX

The B IXs of the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn"), built from 1874, were the first express train locomotives in Bavaria. (N.B. The engines described here are not to be confused with the B IX steam engines built in 1870 and described under Bavarian B IX (1870).)
As a result of the boiler being positioned low and the rear driving axle being under the outer firebox there was no longer any overhanging weight and the speed of the engine could be increased to 90 km/h. The locomotive could also haul a 150 ton train on the level at a speed of 70 km/h. The engines, retaining the design of their forerunners, had an outside locomotive frame and Stephenson valve gear. The units taken over by the Reichsbahn were run under the operating numbers 34 7421–7440. The locomotives built from 1874 were retired by 1924. 
At the Deutsches Museum in Munich a sectioned example has been preserved. Parts of the collection, including the B IX, are stored in the Freilassing Locomotive World ("Lokwelt Freilassing") museum in Freilassing due to a shortage of space.
The vehicles were coupled to Bavarian 3 T 10,5 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18462921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462921" title="Polyspilota aeruginosa">
Polyspilota aeruginosa

Polyspilota aeruginosa, common name Madagascan Marbled Mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Africa. Adult females reach in length while males are smaller.

</doc>
<doc id="18462931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462931" title="Aftab">
Aftab

Aftab ( "âftâb", meaning "sunlight") is a surname and a masculine given name.

</doc>
<doc id="18462942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462942" title="Bagramyan">
Bagramyan

Bagramyan or Baghramyan or Bagramian is an Armenian surname meaning "son of Bagram". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18462951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462951" title="Stephanie Longfellow">
Stephanie Longfellow

Stephanie Longfellow was an American stage and film actress who appeared in ca. 40 silent films between 1909 and 1911. Longfellow was a popular ingenue for D.W. Griffith, and starred in 16 of his short films. She also starred in films of Mack Sennett and Frank Powell. In 1909, the Dubuque Telegraph-Herald called Longfellow a star of "singular beauty and charm." She was the grand-niece of the poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.

</doc>
<doc id="18462971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462971" title="Ian Black (meteorologist)">
Ian Black (meteorologist)

Ian Black (born January 12, ??) is a meteorologist for CBOT, the CBC outlet in Ottawa.
Black joined the local evening news broadcast along with anchor Peter Van Dusen in 1989 and holds the position today. He is a certified broadcaster with the Canadian Meteorological and Oceanographic Society, serving as the only CMOS-certified broadcaster in Ottawa and one of only a few to perform local forecasting duties.
Current work.
In addition to providing extensive forecasting on "CBC News: Ottawa at Six", Black gives regular updates on the CBO-FM program "All in a Day". His televised segments include a "Weather Watchers' Club" in which volunteers from communities surrounding Ottawa submit current temperatures and conditions, which are superimposed on a map. In 2007, Black visited local elementary schools to talk to children about weather and answer their questions, with highlights appearing on his daily broadcasts.
"Locked Out Live".
During a CBC lockout in 2005, radio personality Alan Neal hosted a half-hour segment outside CBC studios titled "Locked Out Live". Ian Black provided a mock forecast, with lines such as "a lot of hot air on Parliament Hill".

</doc>
<doc id="18462981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18462981" title="Aidonochori">
Aidonochori

Aidonochori () is a village located in the Neapoli municipal unit, situated in western Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia.
Aidonochori is situated at an altitude of 720 meters above sea level. The postal code is 50001, and the telephone code is +30 24680. As of the 1991 census, the population was 56.

</doc>
<doc id="18463012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463012" title="Marion Sunshine">
Marion Sunshine

Marion Sunshine (May 15, 1894 – January 25, 1963) was an American actress. She appeared on Broadway in musicals such as "Going Up". She appeared in 26 films between 1908 and 1916.
She was born in Louisville, Kentucky, United States and died in New York, New York.
She was involved in Vaudeville, and also wrote the English lyrics to the jazz standard "The Peanut Vendor", "When I Get Low, I Get High" and "Mango Mengue".
Her brother-in-law was Cuban band leader Don Azpiazú. Don, Marion and her husband Eusebio toured the U.S. together when "The Peanut Vendor" became a breakthrough Latin hit and Sunshine became known as the "The Rumba Lady".

</doc>
<doc id="18463013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463013" title="Afzal">
Afzal

Afzal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463018" title="Bavarian B X">
Bavarian B X

The B X steam engines of the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn") were express train locomotives in Bavaria. The vehicles had an inside locomotive frame, the cylinders lay behind the carrying axle and the steam inlet pipes ran in front of the boiler. Twelve locomotives were delivered with compound engines; two with simple, two-cylinder engines. The latter were converted to compound working in 1896 however.
All examples were taken on by the Deutsche Reichsbahn and retired between 1922 and 1924. According to the provisional renumbering plan of 1923 they were to be allocated operating numbers 34 7501 to 7513, but they did not appear in the final renumbering plan.
The engines were equipped with Bavarian 3 T 12 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18463028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463028" title="Chakhrukhadze">
Chakhrukhadze

Chakhrukhadze () is a Georgian poet of the late 12th/early 13th century traditionally credited to have written "Tamariani" (თამარიანი), a collection of twenty two odes and one elegy praising, often deifying Queen Tamar of Georgia (r. 1184-1213). The poet is identified with the certain layman Grigol Chakhrukhadze whose survived testament unveils the author's desire to retire to the Georgian Monastery of the Holy Cross at Jerusalem. According to later accounts, Chakhurkhadze was native to Georgia's northeastern mountainous area of Khevi and served as a secretary to the queen Tamar. 
Based upon a new, pentasyllabic, verse-form ("chakhrukhauli"), Chakhrukhadze's poetry is remarkable for musicality and linguistic virtuosity, using masterly rhymed adjectives to eulogize Tamar.

</doc>
<doc id="18463030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463030" title="Building Security Council">
Building Security Council

The Building Security Council (BSC) is a not-for-profit professional organization headquartered in Reston, Virginia that aims to improve the security of state, municipal, and privately owned buildings. The council was established in November 2005 by the American Society of Civil Engineers.
BSC offers two programs:

</doc>
<doc id="18463039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463039" title="Sphodromantis viridis">
Sphodromantis viridis

Sphodromantis viridis is a species of praying mantis that is kept worldwide as a pet. Its common names include African mantis, giant African mantis, and bush mantis.
Name.
"Sphodromantis viridis" is popularly called the African mantis, but that common name is shared with not only other species in its genus (i.e. "S. belachowski", "S. centralis", "S. gastrica", "S. lineola", etc.), but also
"Miomantis caffra" and others as well.
Range.
"S. viridis" is native to West Africa south of the Sahara desert. It can also be found as an introduced species in areas outside its original range including Israel and Spain.
Description.
Despite its scientific name ("" is Latin for green) this insect ranges in color from bright green to dull brown. Females can reach in length. Due to the sexual dimorphism typical of mantises, the male is much smaller. Females may also be distinguished from males as they have six segmented abdomens compared to an eight segmented abdomens of the males.
As adults, both sexes have a distinctive white spot on their wings. They have a yellowish color on their inner foreleg distinguishable from the black eyespot and white dots of the European mantis "Mantis religiosa" with whom it shares some range.
Reproduction.
As with most mantis species, "S. viridis" males are frequently the victims of sexual cannibalism. Female produce an ootheca within a few days of mating and can produce several before she ends her life cycle. Each ootheca produces up to three hundred nymphs when it hatches. This species has also been noted to have produced parthenogenically.
Cultivation.
Because of its size and hardiness, "S. viridis" is popular among those who keep insects as pets. "S. viridis" "is an easy species to keep, very suitable for beginners...They will happily take food of their own size and they will also take pieces of meat if it is offered on a pair of tweezers". They are also more tolerant of changes in humidity and temperature than are many other species.
Another breeder of mantises opines that "S. viridis":
...is an attractive species due to its aggressiveness. Anyone interested in looking at how a praying mantis chase down its prey and devour it greedily, this is the species! ...they are not as bulky as Sphodromantis Lineola but aggressive nevertheless. This species was easy to raise, feed them plenty of roaches, crickets, and wild caught flying insects, and they will gladly accept the food. Mating this species was not difficult at all, male will initiate the move and female will be more cooperative when fed well. A warm, well heated enclosure of about 90F works as a catalyst to further improve the chances of mating.

</doc>
<doc id="18463049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463049" title="Dole Nutrition Institute">
Dole Nutrition Institute

The Dole Nutrition Institute (DNI) is a research and education foundation based in Westlake Village, California founded in 2003 by David H. Murdock, chairman of Dole Food Company and an ardent practitioner of a nutrient-dense diet and fitness at age 87. The institute exists as a resource within Dole Food Company, performing research and offering educational publications on the benefits of a plant-based diet.
Activities.
The Dole Nutrition Institute offers self-produced health and nutrition segments that run on airline in-flight TV, brochures, "Food for Thought" magazine, a hardcover food encyclopedia, an award-winning Workplace Wellness program, educational websites, and the online Dole Nutrition Newsletter.
Dole Nutrition Newsletter.
In 2008, the Web Marketing Association (WMA) awarded the Dole Nutrition News (DNN) their International Advertising Competition Award for Outstanding Achievement in Internet Advertising - Best Food Industry On-line Newsletter Award.
DNI classroom resources.
Dole's classroom resources include a variety of free materials that teachers can download or order.
DNI health and wellness brochures.
DNI's health and wellness brochure series includes: What You Need to Eat Everyday and Why, Weight Loss, Heart Health, Diabetes, Healthy Kids, Carb Confusion and Natural Beauty. The brochures contain recipes using fruits and vegetables as well as useful tips, dietary facts, creative charts, and ideas for healthy living.
Employee wellness program.
Dole Employee Wellness Program.
Dole Nutrition Institute created and maintains an employee wellness program that encourages employees at Dole headquarters to eat healthy foods and stay active by offering free healthy snacks, on-site fitness classes, discounted healthy meal options in the cafeteria, a gym, and on-site personal trainers. After six months, tests on sixty employees who followed the program showed they had lower cholesterol levels, lower levels of certain proteins that are predictors of future heart disease, lower triglyceride levels and lower glucose levels. In 2005, the program won the California Fit Business Award.
Corporate Wellness Toolkit.
The Corporate Wellness Toolkit teaches businesses how to promote healthy eating and exercise. The kit includes signage, newsletters, videos, and instructional materials which encourage businesses to provide weight loss seminars, trainers, and healthier foods for their employees.
Dole Nutrition Institute School Salad Days.
The School Salad Days program was designed to encourage healthy eating habits and promote daily fruit and vegetable consumption in California public schools. The pilot program was launched in 2006 with the donation of fifty full-service portable salad bars to public schools in California. DNI gave these schools nutrition information, worked with schools to develop fruit baskets to be sold as fund-raising alternatives, and helped schools plant on-site "edible gardens".
Dole Nutrition Institute and Children's Hunger Fund (CHF).
In 2007, Dole Nutrition Institute donated nearly 250,000 nutrition-focused publications to the Children's Hunger Fund (CHF), an international non-profit organization. CHF is now including these materials in their Food Paks, 20 lb. boxes of staple foods, which are delivered to the homes of needy families. The donation included DNI’s "Health & Wellness" brochure series and "What You Need to Eat Every Day & Why" in English and Spanish. For the children, "Dole's 5-A-Day the Color Way" coloring books and bookmarks help kids focus on their own nutrition and to make good food choices in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="18463064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463064" title="Infrared and thermal testing">
Infrared and thermal testing

Infrared and thermal testing is one of many Nondestructive testing techniques designated by the American Society for Nondestructive Testing (ASNT). Infrared Thermography is the science of measuring and mapping surface temperatures. 
"Infrared thermography, a nondestructive, remote sensing technique, has proved to be an effective, convenient, and economical method of testing concrete. It can detect internal voids, delaminations, and cracks in concrete structures such as bridge decks, highway pavements, garage floors, parking lot pavements, and building walls. As a testing technique, some of its most important qualities are that (1) it is accurate; (2) it is repeatable; (3) it need not inconvenience the public; and (4) it is economical." 
All objects emit electromagnetic radiation of a wavelength dependent on the object’s temperature. The frequency of the radiation is inversely proportional to the temperature. In infrared thermography, the radiation is detected and measured with infrared imagers (radiometers). The imagers contain an infrared detector that converts the emitting radiation into electrical signals that are displayed on a color or black & white computer display monitor.
A typical application for regularly available IR Thermographic equipment is looking for “hot spots” in electrical equipment, which illustrates high resistance areas in electrical circuits. These “hot spots” are usually measured in the range of 40 °C to 150 °C (70 to 270 °F) above ambient temperatures. But, when engineers use its patented proprietary systems to locate subsurface targets such as Underground Storage Tanks (USTs), pipelines, pipeline leaks and their plumes, and in this project, hidden tunnels, we are looking for temperature patterns typically in the range of 0.01 °C to 1 °C above or below ambient temperatures. 
After the thermal data is processed, it can be displayed on a monitor in multiple shades of gray scale or color. The colors displayed on the thermogram are arbitrarily set by the Thermographer to best illustrate the infrared data being analyzed.
In this roofing investigation application, infrared thermographic data was collected during daytime hours, on both sunny and rainy days. This data collection time allowed for solar heating of the roof, and any entrapped water within the roofing system, during the daylight hours. IR data was observed until the roof had sufficiently warmed to allow detection of the entrapped wet areas because of their ability to collect and store more heat than the dry insulated areas. The wet areas would also transfer the heat at a faster rate than the dry insulated roof areas. At this point in time, the wet areas showed up as warmer roof surface temperatures than the surrounding dry background areas of the roof. 
During the rainy day, with minimum solar loading, any entrapped leak plumes would become evident because of their cooler temperature as compared to the dry roof areas
An infrared thermographic scanning system measures surface temperatures only. But the surface temperatures that are measured on the surface of the ground, above a buried pipeline, are, to a great extent, dependent upon the subsurface conditions.
The subsurface configuration effects are based upon the theory that energy cannot be stopped from flowing from warmer to cooler areas, it can only be slowed down by the insulating effects of the material through which it is flowing. Various types of construction materials have different insulating abilities. In addition, differing types of pipeline defects have different insulating values.
Background.
There are three ways of transferring energy: 1) conduction; 2) convection; and 3) radiation. Good solid backfill should have the least resistance to conduction of energy and the convection gas radiation effects should be negligible. The various types of problems associated with soil erosion and poor backfill surrounding buried pipelines increase the insulating ability of the soil, by reducing the energy conduction properties, without substantially increasing the convection effects. This is because dead air spaces do not allow the formation of convection currents.
In order to have an energy flow, there must be an energy source. Since buried pipeline testing can involve large areas, the heat source has to be low cost and able to give the ground surface above the pipeline an even distribution of heat. The sun fulfills both of these requirements. The ground surface reacts, storing or transmitting the energy received.
Pipeline testing.
For pipelines carrying fluids at temperatures above or below the ambient ground temperatures (i.e., steam, oil, liquefied gases, or chemicals), an alternative is to use the heat sinking ability of the earth to draw heat from the pipeline under test. The crucial point to remember is that the energy must be flowing through the ground and fluids.
Ground cover must be evaluated for temperature differentials (i.e., anomalies such as high grass or surface debris), as to how it may affect the surface condition of the test area. Of the three methods of energy transfer, radiation is the method that has the most profound effect upon the ability of the surface to transfer energy. The ability of a material to radiate energy is measured by the emissivity of the material. This is defined as the ability of the material to release energy as compared to a perfect blackbody radiator. This is strictly a surface property. It normally exhibits itself in higher values for rough surfaces and lower values for smooth surfaces. For example, rough concrete may have an emissivity of 0.95 while a shiny piece of tinfoil may have an emissivity of only 0.05. In practical terms, this means that when looking at large areas of ground cover, the engineer in charge of testing must be aware of differing surface textures caused by such things as broom roughed spots, tire rubber tracks, oil spots, loose sand and dirt on the surface and the height of grassy areas.

</doc>
<doc id="18463076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463076" title="Ken Lewenza">
Ken Lewenza

Ken Lewenza may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463078" title="J. Waltham">
J. Waltham

J. Waltham was an American actor. He appeared in 25 films between 1909 and 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="18463079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463079" title="Agache">
Agache

Agache is a surname. People with this surname include:
Agache may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463092" title="HD 218061">
HD 218061

HD 218061 is a star in double system.

</doc>
<doc id="18463098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463098" title="George Huntingdon">
George Huntingdon

George Huntingdon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463100" title="N38">
N38

N38 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18463102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463102" title="Gnags">
Gnags

Gnags is a Danish rock band from Skjern formed by Peter A. G. Nielsen and his brother Jens G. Nielsen in 1966.
History.
The band started playing regularly in 1968 after winning the Danish national championship in "beat music". Their championship title paved the way for the band's first two single recordings, "Eyes and Ears" and "I Can't Talk About It Now". Sven Fenger left the band in 1969, after which Gnags continued as a trio, playing Danish festivals and in Amsterdam.
The band moved to Aarhus in 1971 and joined a commune. There they recorded their first album, "Paa Vej", which was released in 1973. The band had financed the album out of their own pockets, and they sold the distribution rights to the record producer and musician Johnny Reimar. Struggling to find a record label, Gnags created Genlyd Records in 1974. Ivan Oehlenschaeg Sørensen joined the band in 1973 and Per Christian Frost in 1974. Gnags released their second album, "Del af en ring", in 1974.
Gnags created Feedback Studios in 1975, from which most of their subsequent works have been recorded.
Gnags' sales and popularity rose steadily during the 1970s reaching national saturation in the 1980s with albums such as "Intercity", "Safari" and "X".
Gnags continues to play and tour after 40 years as a band. Though some members have left over time, the band has maintained a stable membership over the years with only Per Christian Frost, Henning Stærk and Jens G Nielsen leaving in recent history.
In August 2013 the original band members reunited for a concert also celebrating the coincident birthdays of Peter Neilsen (60) and his son (40).
In September 2013, Peter Neilsen began performing a solo performance show.
Music style.
Gnags' musical style is unusual. It is clearly rock and roll but stylistically it is dominated by Peter A. G. Nielsen's unmistakable voice. From 1981 to 1983 there was a strong influence from reggae music, which has its origins in their work with producer Jack Nuber. Gnags have recorded almost all their songs in the Danish language. Exceptions are three songs in English: Their singles "Eyes and Ears" and "I Can't Talk About It Now", and the last track on the 1982 album "Safari" ("American Boy"). Gnags are energetic performers on stage.

</doc>
<doc id="18463110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463110" title="Agafonov">
Agafonov

Agafonov (), or Agafonova (feminine; Агафо́нова), is a Slavic surname, which may refer to:
People.
There are two theories on where the name came from. One says that it came from Asian Aga Khan. The other one is that it came from Agafon. That is an equivalent of English Agathon.

</doc>
<doc id="18463111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463111" title="List of festivals in Pennsylvania">
List of festivals in Pennsylvania

This is a partial list of festivals and celebrations in Pennsylvania. 
September.
Lyons Fiddle Festival, Sunday Sept. 19, 2010 www.lyonsfiddlefest.com

</doc>
<doc id="18463114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463114" title="Don't Come Around Here No More">
Don't Come Around Here No More

"Don't Come Around Here No More" is a song written by Tom Petty of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and David A. Stewart of the Eurythmics. It was released in February 1985 as the lead single from Petty's 1985 album "Southern Accents".
Background and writing.
The original inspiration was a romantic encounter that Stewart had with Stevie Nicks of Fleetwood Mac. On "The Howard Stern Show", Dave Stewart explained that the title's phrase was actually uttered by Nicks. She had broken up with Joe Walsh the night before, and invited Stewart to her place for a party after an early Eurythmics show in Los Angeles. Stewart did not know who she was at the time, but went anyway. When the partygoers all disappeared to a bathroom for a couple of hours to snort cocaine, he decided to go upstairs to bed. He woke up at 5am to find Nicks in his room trying on Victorian clothing and described the entire scenario as very much reminiscent of "Alice in Wonderland". Later that morning, she told Walsh, "Don't come around here no more".
Music video.
The music video is themed around "Alice in Wonderland" and directed by Jeff Stein. Dave Stewart appears as the caterpillar at the beginning, sitting on a mushroom with a hookah water pipe while playing a sitar. Tom Petty performed in the video dressed as The Mad Hatter, and actress Wish Foley played Alice. At the end of the video, Alice, who has been turned into a cake, is eaten by Petty and even friends of her own after she wakes up from her awful dream. Despite causing criticism from feminist groups, the video won the first MTV Video Music Award for Best Music Video.
Wish Foley dated drummer Stan Lynch for many years after the video was shot. The teacup was made out of an aboveground pool, and the donut was a giant innertube. The water was so cold inside the teacup that Wish had hypothermia at the end of the shoot. After 24 hours of shooting the teacup scene was shot.
MTV told Tom Petty that he looked too menacing at the end of the video when he was cutting the cake that looked like Wish's body. The network asked if the shot could be replaced. Jeff Stein asked that the cake be filled with strawberry jam. Many parent groups and individuals like Tipper Gore were outraged. 
The video was set to premiere via satellite because of the time crunch. This meant that MTV's standards and practices wouldn't get to see the final edit.
Cover versions.
Susanna of Susanna and the Magical Orchestra gives the song a low-key, piano-based cover on her 2008 album "Flower of Evil". British indie pop singer-songwriter Diana Vickers covered the song as a promotional track ahead of the release of her second album. The song was parodied by Bob Rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="18463116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463116" title="Baghramian">
Baghramian

Baghramian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463122" title="Francis Huntingdon">
Francis Huntingdon

Francis Huntingdon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463133" title="BSCP">
BSCP

BSCP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463134" title="Dante Cappelli">
Dante Cappelli

Dante Cappelli was an Italian actor. He appeared in 71 films between 1909 and 1937.
He was born in Bologna, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18463141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463141" title="Statilia maculata">
Statilia maculata

Statilia maculata, common name Asian Jumping Mantis or "小蟷螂", Ko-kamakiri (Japanese meaning Small Mantis) or "좀사마귀", Joem-sa-ma-gui (Korean meaning "Small Mantis"), is a species of praying mantis native to Asia that can be found in China and Japan and Korea.
Description.
45-65mm in length as adult. 
Range.
China, Honshu, Shikoku, Kyoshu, Korean Peninsula, Taiwan, India.

</doc>
<doc id="18463151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463151" title="Ah You">
Ah You

Ah You is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18463156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463156" title="Franz Graf von Wimpffen">
Franz Graf von Wimpffen

Franz Emil Lorenz Heeremann Graf von Wimpffen KSMOM (Prague, Bohemia, 2 April 1797 – Görz, 26 November 1870) was an Austrian General and Admiral who served as Administrative Head of the Austro-Hungarian Navy from 1851 to 1854.
Military career.
The son of Maximilian von Wimpffen, who served as Chief of the Austrian General Staff from 1824 to 1830, Franz von Wimpffen was born in Prague on 2 April 1797. He was the owner of Kainberg, Reitenau and Eichberg castles and estates in Austria and, as a Roman Catholic, a Knight of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta. He was commissioned "Unterleutnant" in October 1813. Von Wimpffen served as an artillery officer during the last three years of the Napoleonic Wars, in the German campaign of 1813, the French campaign of 1814, and the Neapolitan War in 1815.
On 5 October 1825 he married Maria Anna ("Marianne") Cecilia Bernhardine Freiin von Eskeles, who converted from Judaism to Catholicism, in Hietzing, Austria. She was born at the Palais Eskeles, Vienna, Austria, on 2 March 1802, daughter of Bernhard von Eskeles and wife Caecilie (Zipperche) Itzig, from whom she inherited a fortune in stocks and bonds, and died in Munich, Bavaria, on 10 August 1862.
Promoted "Generalmajor" in 1838, he was given command of a brigade in Trieste. Von Wimpffen was made commander of a division of II Army Corps in Italy in 1846 with the rank of "Feldmarschall-leutnant" (Lieutenant-Field-Marshal in the Imperial and Royal Austrian Army). He distinguished himself in the 1848 campaign at Vicenza and Custoza. Later, in the Papal States he compelled by bombardment the surrender of Bologna and Ancona. In October 1849 von Wimpffen was named Civil and Military Governor of Trieste and Governor of the Küstenland (Coastal Lands), the region that included the Istrian Peninsula, with the rank of "Feldzugmeister" (General of the Artillery in the Austrian Army).
Upon the resignation of Hans Birch Dahlerup in August 1851, von Wimpffen was named his successor as "Oberkommandant der Marine" ('High Commander of the Navy' or Provisional Commander-in-Chief of the Imperial and Royal Navy). During his tenure the development of the naval base of Pola was accelerated and the naval school at Fiume now Rijeka (Croatia) was converted into the Austrian Naval Academy.
In September 1854, von Wimpffen was dismissed as "Oberkommandant der Marine" by Emperor Franz Josef against the advice of his military advisers. Von Wimpffen instead took command of I Army Corps. He was succeeded as Head of the Navy by Archduke Ferdinand Maximilian of Austria, the younger brother of Franz Josef.
However well he had performed as Administrative Head of the Navy, von Wimpffen was known in military circles as "the General who had never won a battle". In the Second Italian War of Independence in 1859, after the defeat at Magenta on 4 June, he seconded the decision of Gyulai, the Austrian commander, to retreat across the Mincio to Mantua, leaving Milan and all of Lombardy to the Sardinians and French. Gyulai was dismissed on 16 June by Franz Josef, who assumed command of the field army with von Wimpffen in command of the Cavalry.
At Solferino (24 June 1859), von Wimpffen and his men fought valiantly, but the Austrians were defeated. The carnage of the battle was so severe that it was soon followed by an armistice and then peace negotiations.
In 1861 von Wimpffen was retired with the rank of "Generalfeldzeugmeister" (Field Marshal of Artillery in the Austrian Army) and became an Imperial and Royal Advisor to the Emperor of Austria.
He died on 26 November 1870 at Görz (now Gorizia), and was buried at the crypt of the Eichberg castle chapel, in Austria, together with his wife. Their son, Heinrich Emil Graf von Wimpffen, born 1 May 1827, succeeded him as head of the comital house. Their other son, Captain Viktor Agidius Christian Gustav Maximillian Graf von Wimpffen (Hietzing, Vienna, Austria, 24 July 1834 – Castello Battaglia, Italy, 22 May 1887), was sometime Corvette Captain of the Austro-Hungarian Navy, and Inspector-General of Telegraphs in Austria and married in Vevey, Switzerland, on 11 January 1860 Anasztázia (Anastasia) Barónin Sina de Hódos et Kizdia (Sina Palace, Vienna, Austria, 8 October 1838 – Sina Palace, Vienna, Austria, 24 February 1889, bur. Sina Mausoleum, Rappoltenkirchen, Gsoehl), of Hungarian, Romanian (Ghica family) and Georgian (Dadiani) descent, by whom he had issue.

</doc>
<doc id="18463163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463163" title="N47">
N47

N47 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463176" title="John F. Simon Jr.">
John F. Simon Jr.

John F. Simon Jr. (1963, Louisiana), is a new media artist who works with LCD screens and computer programming. He currently lives and works in New York.
Simon holds several degrees: a BA in Art Studio and a BS in Geology from Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island, (1985), a Master’s degree in Earth and Planetary Science from Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri (1987), and a MFA in Computer Art from the School of Visual Arts in New York (1989). He is the recipient of the Trustees’ Award for an Emerging Artist from the The Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum in Ridgefield, Connecticut in 2000, and the Creative Capital New Media Grant in 1999.
Simon has exhibited internationally, including New York, Santa Fe, Berlin and Haifa. His work is found in prominent museum collections such as the Museum of Modern Art, New York, the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York, the Whitney Museum of American Art, New York, University of Iowa Museum of Art and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, California. Simon's first European solo exhibition, Color and Time, was held September 17 - October 24, 2008 at Galería Javier López in Madrid, Spain. In 2009 he had a solo exhibition in Italy, "Outside In: Ten Years of Software Art" at the Maramotti Collection, Reggio Emilia, Italy. Simon's "HD Traffic" video was part of the exhibition "The Poetics of Code: John F. Simon Jr. and Eduardo Kac" at the Chelsea Art Museum.
In the 1990s, Simon began writing digital software to create visual imagery. His screen works display abstractions that vary infinitely due to random sequencing. The visual elements of each piece are generated in real time by his software.
More recently, Simon has made a series of large-scale compositions that incorporate laser-cut Formica and LCD screens with perpetually changing software. Each LCD screen is housed in cabinet-like structure made from Formica, which is also created by Simon’s coding. In addition to his screen work, Simon is also known for his Formica cutouts, drawings on paper and digital projections of his custom software.

</doc>
<doc id="18463183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463183" title="USS Concord (SP-773)">
USS Concord (SP-773)

USS "Concord" (SP-773), later known as USS "Mendota" (YT-33) and again later as USS "Muscotah" (YT-33) was a tugboat acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. "Concord" was initially assigned to North Atlantic towing duties, and later was assigned as harbor tug at the Washington Navy Yard. She was sold in 1937.
Constructed in Philadelphia.
The third ship to be so named by the U.S. Navy, "Concord" (No. 773) was built in 1898 by Charles Hillman, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; purchased by the Navy 22 September 1917; outfitted by Boston Navy Yard; and commissioned 20 November 1917, Lieutenant (junior grade) E. M. Gracie, USNRF, in command. 
She was renamed and reclassified "Mendota" (YT-33) on 20 November 1920, and her name was again changed on 30 January 1932 to "Muscotah".
World War I service.
Concord sailed from Philadelphia 15 December 1917 for Bermuda where she joined "Galatia" and "Gypsum Queen" to tow three French submarine chasers to Ponta Delgada, Azores. She continued to Brest, France, arriving 22 February 1918 for service as harbor tug until 25 October 1919. 
She returned to Norfolk, Virginia, 28 November, and the next month reported to Washington Navy Yard where she was placed "in service" and served as a harbor tug.
Final decommissioning.
She was placed out of service 4 November 1934 and sold 30 April 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="18463189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463189" title="Schwartzkopff-Eckhardt II bogie">
Schwartzkopff-Eckhardt II bogie

A Schwartzkopff-Eckhardt II bogie ("Schwartzkopff-Eckhardt-II-Lenkgestell" or "Schwartzkopff-Eckhardt-Gestell") is a mechanical device to improve the curve running of steam locomotives.
The Schwartzkopff-Eckhardt II bogie is a further refinement of the Krauss-Helmholtz bogie, whereby two coupled axles and the carrying axle are combined within the bogie. The carrying axle steers the second coupled axle via a long shaft and this also moves the first coupled axle via a Beugniot lever. This bogie is used on the DRG Class 84. Whether DR Class 99.23-24 locomotives were also fitted with this arrangement is not entirely clear. 
It was named after the L. Schwartzkopff locomotive factory and its chief engineer, Friedrich Wilhelm Eckhardt. 

</doc>
<doc id="18463199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463199" title="Charles River Rats">
Charles River Rats

History.
In 1973, the Charles River Rugby Football Club, affectionately dubbed "The Rats", was founded by a group of ruggers from Tufts University and Boston Rugby Football Club. In striking green and orange jerseys that quickly became the club’s trademark, the Rats achieved many early successes, including winning the Portland RFC Invitational and advancing to the Annual New England Tournament semi-finals. The Rats continued to attract new players and build on each year’s accomplishments over the next decade, thus solidifying themselves as a fixture in the New England rugby community.
In 1980, the Rats earned promotion to New England Division I thanks to a staggering defeat of the renowned Berlin Strollers. The early eighties were busy for the club, as the men concentrated on augmenting club membership via a merger with the Old North Bridge RFC of Concord, MA. Highlights of the eighties include continual success both in New England and in international tournament play. In the fall of 1986, the club defeated Boston 12-9, eliminating them from the playoffs for the first time in 5 years.
The Club settled into a restructured Division II in 1992 and proceeded to hold the top seed in that division from 1993 to 1994, running three winning seasons in a row. 
The club failed to post a winning season again until the fall of 2005 when the men's side, under coach Fergal Hehir, made it to the playoffs. They defeated Rockaway RFC in the first playoff game in the spring of 2006 and lost to Montauk RFC in the second game. Under Hehir's tenure, Charles River's men's side ran four winning seasons in a row. In 2008, Hehir stepped down and the following January, the club came under the direction of Anthony Adams former player with the Boston Irish Wolfhounds RFC.
After going winless in Adams' first league season (fall 2009), the Rat's men's side was almost relegated down to Division III, but managed to argue their case to stay in Division II. They were put in the new Daly Conference of Division II. In 2010, another South African, Hylton Haynes, took over as Men's coach.
2005 also marked the first season of the Lady Rats, a women's team to compliment the men's team. The women had a successful winning first season, fielding a competitive side in all of their matches. In 2007, they went undefeated in Division III and were promoted to Division II. In the NERFU realignment in 2009, they were placed in Division III. In May 2011, they won the Division III championship. In August 2011, the Lady Rats welcomed new coach, Jessica Balogh.
The Rats men's side has been running about 50 active players per season and the women's side has been running about 40 players.
Division.
The Charles River Lady Rats are a part of the New England Rugby Football Union, Senior Women's Division II. In this division, they compete with:
The Charles River Rats are a part of the New England Rugby Football Union, Senior Men's Division II in the Daly Conference. In this division, they compete with:
During their history, they have merged with the following clubs while retaining the name Charles River:

</doc>
<doc id="18463213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463213" title="Steve Jennings">
Steve Jennings

Steve or Stephen Jennings may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463240" title="Shawn Hawk">
Shawn Hawk

Shawn Hawk (born 17 May 1984 in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, United States) is a professional boxer who fights in the light heavyweight division having previously boxed at Cruiserweight.
Professional career.
Shawn Hawk
Global ID 254476 
sex male 
birthdate 1984-05-17 / age 28 
suspensions 
report: 
manager/agent register 
division light heavyweight 
rating 
51 / 898
8 / 206 
stance orthodox 
height 6′ 0″ / 183 cm 
reach 76″ / 193 cm
US ID 069639 
alias The Sioux Warrior 
country USA 
residence Atlantic City, New Jersey, USA 
birthplace Sioux Falls, South Dakota, USA
won 23 (KO 17) + lost 3 (KO 1) + drawn 1 = 27
rounds boxed: 119 
KO%: 62.96

</doc>
<doc id="18463246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463246" title="WALL-E (video game)">
WALL-E (video game)

WALL-E (stylized as WALL·E) is the video game adaptation of the movie of the same name. The game was developed and published by Play THQ for multiple platforms. The game was released in North America on June 24, 2008, to Europe on July 4, 2008, and Australia on September 4, 2008. The game was also released in Japan on December 11, 2008, although not officially available on the Xbox 360 or any PC.
WALL-E was fairly well reviewed by critics. The game's best received version was the PS2 version, which was 67 out of 100 on the Metacritic scale. Though the game was highly criticized, IGN praised the PSP adaption as "... one of the most solid film to game adaptations we've seen in a while." 
Marc Vulcano was Senior Animation Director for the video game. He had just left Sony Pictures Imageworks where he worked as a Senior Character Animator for films like Beowulf and others. Before he was at Imageworks he worked as an animation director and supervisor for Big Idea Productions's VeggieTales.
The PC version includes demos for the video games "Ratatouille" and "Cars".
Gameplay.
The PlayStation 3, Wii, and Xbox 360 versions feature nine explorable worlds. The Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2, and PlayStation Portable versions feature eighteen worlds, and the Nintendo DS features fourteen explorable worlds. The Wii is the only version of the game that features 3 head-to-head multiplayer modes, while the Nintendo DS version feature co-op modes playable as WALL-E or EVE. As the player plays through the levels of the Nintendo DS version, they unlock clips from the movie viewable at any time. The PlayStation 2, PSP and Windows versions allow the player to use music to summon reject bots throughout the game. The story mode seems to be altered the character's roles and different from the movie such as WALL-E can commonly use its laser, EVE is tasered by AUTO (referenced to WALL-E being tasered in the original.), WALL-E repairing EVE (in the original, EVE tries to repair WALL-E), and WALL-E survived from getting crushed by the Holo-Detector.
Reception.
PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii versions of the game met with reviews ranging from average to poor. Reviewing the Xbox 360 version, IGN concluded that rather than buying the game, "This may be an instance where you wait for the DVD, or go see the movie again instead." As of July 30, 2008, the game has sold over one million copies. It was nominated as one of the "Most Surprisingly Good Game" and "Best Use of a Creative License" by GameSpot's "Best of 2008" awards, but did not win either.
Special Middle Eastern release.
Publisher THQ, in collaboration with the Emirati company Pluto Games, had released a localized edition of the game in the Middle East, making the game the first Western video game to be officially translated into Arabic. This was done as a strategy to appeal to the local gamers in their mother tongue, and commit to releasing more localized games in the region in future. However, the Arabic translated edition is only available on the PlayStation 3, PSP, and Xbox 360, even though the game in general is still available on all platforms. The Arabic translated edition was released on June 27, 2008 (although the film itself was released on July 3 in the region).

</doc>
<doc id="18463268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463268" title="Jamie Renée Smith">
Jamie Renée Smith

Jamie Renée Smith (born April 10, 1987) is an American actress. She is perhaps best known for her roles in the films "" (1996) and "Dante's Peak" (1997).
Life and career.
Born in Manhattan, New York, Smith began her acting career at the age of six when, at her first audition, she landed a guest-starring role on an episode of '. Smith has appeared in various roles in television and films including ' (1996), "Dante's Peak" (1997) with Pierce Brosnan, the ABC TV movie "My Last Love" (1999), the film ' (2000), "ER", "Grounded for Life", "Malcolm in the Middle", "Shark", "Bones", ' and "NCIS". She also had three-episode stints on "The Nanny" and "Weeds". In 1998, Smith was a series regular on the Fox sitcom "Ask Harriet", the series was canceled after five episodes aired.

</doc>
<doc id="18463278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463278" title="Accessories Council">
Accessories Council

The Accessories Council is a not-for-profit, national trade association that was established in 1994 with the mission of both increasing consumer use and awareness of accessories. Karen Giberson has been the group’s president since 2005. Its previous president, Sheila Block, led the group from 1996 to 2005.
The organization sponsors educational seminars, networking events, seasonal trend reports, marketing and advertising co-op initiatives, design and marketing awards for area fashion students, an annual silent auction, and the esteemed black tie ACE Award Gala, an annual tribute to the leaders of the accessory industry.
Membership.
Over the past twelve years, membership has grown to include more than 150 corporations representing the world's leading brand names, designers, publications, retailers and associated providers for the accessories, eyewear and footwear industries. Membership rates are determined by the annual sales volume of a company.
Next Generation Awards.
Each year, the Accessories Council hosts student competitions for the graduating classes of the Fashion Institute of Technology (FIT) and the Laboratory Institute of Merchandising (LIM), designed to celebrate the work of young talent and provide internship opportunities for the graduates.
The Next Generation Awards: FIT features an accessories exhibition that includes designs from students enrolled in the institute’s accessory and jewelry design programs. Students compete for design awards in handbag, footwear, belts/small leather goods, hat and glove, and jewelry categories.
The Next Generation Awards: LIM is a special program focusing on encouraging the marketing skills of tomorrow’s business leaders. The event features an exhibition by the graduates of LIM’s marketing program, who competed for awards in the categories of retail store, accessory product and publication development.
Hall of Fame Tribute Series.
The Accessories Council Hall of Fame Tribute Series celebrates the accomplishments and careers of industry leaders.
Hall of Fame Awards have been given to Elaine Gold, president of Elaine Gold Enterprises and founder of Collection XIIX; Mary Belle, president of licensing for the Jones Apparel Group; Marge Axelrad, senior vice president & editorial director of the Jobson Optical Group’s Vision Monday and 20/20 magazines.; Ruth Finley, founder of the Fashion Calendar; and Abbey Doneger, President of The Doneger Group.
Shopping Soiree.
Each March the Accessories Council holds its annual cocktail reception and silent auction event, Shopping Soiree, during New York Accessory Market week. The silent auction is known for offering luxury accessories and beauty, home and lifestyle items.
Round Table Discussions.
The Accessories Council is committed to initiatives that growth the accessories industry and hosts accessories driven educational opportunities and round table discussions throughout the year. The Council has hosted discussions with Marshall Cohen, Chief Industry Analyst at The NPD Group, Francis Cole Jones, Media Trainer and authors of “How To Wow: Proven Strategies for Presenting your Ideas”, and trends reports with David Wolfe, Creative Director of the forecasting company, The Doneger Group.
ACE Awards.
The ACE Awards was created in 1996 to pay homage to individuals and groups who have helped raise awareness of the accessories industry. The purpose of the awards is to celebrate those who have had a positive impact on accessory consumption during the prior year. Nominees are voted on by accessory-industry insiders, retailers, the Accessories Council Board of Directors and the fashion press. Winners are announced in advance of the annual event, which usually takes place at the beginning of November.
Past winners.
This is a selected list of past winners. Winners in other categories, winners in past years, and nominees can be found at the Accessories Council Web site (http://www.accessoriescouncil.org).
Year 2011
Brand Launch Marchesa
Influencer Nicole Richie
Breakthrough Award Rebecca Minkoff
Year 2010
Stylemaker Kanye West
Hall of Fame Tiffany & Co
Designer of the Year Alber Elbaz for Lanvin
Year
2009
Designer of the Year Tomas Maier for Bottega Veneta
Retailer of the Year Zappos.com
Stylemaker Lady Gaga
Year
2008
Designer of the Year Nicolas Ghesquière for Balenciaga
Brand of the Year Jimmy Choo 
Hall of Fame Emilio Pucci
Innovator of the Year Lorraine Schwartz
Year
2007
ACE Award
N/A
Designer of the Year
Marc Jacobs 
Retailer of the Year
Macy’s
Year
2006
ACE Award
Jennifer Lopez 
Designer of the Year
Michael Kors
Retailer of the Year
Bergdorf Goodman
Year
2005
ACE Award
Mary-Kate Olsen & Ashley Olsen 
Designer of the Year
Oscar de la Renta
Retailer of the Year
NeimanMarcus.com
Year
2004
ACE Award
Kim Cattrall
Designer of the Year
Gordon Thompson III for Cole Haan
Retailer of the Year
Bloomingdale’s 
Year
2003
ACE Award
The Women of Broadway
Designer of the Year
Reed Krakoff for Coach
Retailer of the Year
Henri Bendel
Year
2002
ACE Award
Debra Messing
Designer of the Year
Tom Ford for Yves Saint Laurent Rive Gauche
Retailer of the Year
Lord & Taylor/Neiman Marcus (tie)
Year
2001
ACE Award
Tina Knowles
Year
2000
ACE Award
Patricia Field & Rebecca Weinberg
Year
1999
ACE Award
Linda Dano
Year
1998
ACE Award
Kathie Lee Gifford
Year
1997
ACE Award
Joan Rivers
Miscellaneous.
Tom Ford
Linda Dano

</doc>
<doc id="18463279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463279" title="Pyotr Nemov">
Pyotr Nemov

Pyotr Aleksandrovich Nemov (, born 18 October 1983 in Oryol) is a Russian footballer who plays for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="18463283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463283" title="SIMA Peru">
SIMA Peru

SIMA-PERU S.A. (Los Servicios Industriales de la Marina), Shipyard Marine Industrial Services, SIMA, a state firm with extensive experience in Peru. Offers boat building, ship repair, metal engineering and manufacturing of the highest reliability and quality in South America.
Its SIMA-CEFAR ("Servicios Industriales de la Marina-Centro de Fabricacion de Armas") unit builds the MGP-84 submachine gun. 

</doc>
<doc id="18463286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463286" title="Walter Ackerman">
Walter Ackerman

Walter Ackerman (June 28, 1881 – December 12, 1938) was an American actor. He appeared in 7 films between 1909 and 1933.
He was born in New York City, New York and died in Bishop, California, aged 57.

</doc>
<doc id="18463289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463289" title="Koryfi, Kozani">
Koryfi, Kozani

Koryfi (Greek: Κορυφή meaning pointy) is a community located in the Tsotyli municipal unit, situated in Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18463321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463321" title="Limburgs Symfonie Orkest">
Limburgs Symfonie Orkest

The Limburgs Symfonie Orkest (Limburg Symphony Orchestra) was a Dutch orchestra based in Maastricht, Netherlands. The orchestra was resident at the "Theater aan het Vrijthof" in Maastricht since 1992, and also performed in opera productions with Opera Zuid. The orchestra had received funding from the Dutch Ministry of Education, Culture and Science, the Province of Limburg and the Municipality of Maastricht. 
The ensemble gave its first concert on 2 September 1883 as the "Maastrichts Stedelijk Orkest" ("Maastricht Municipal Orchestra"), with Otto Wolf as its first conductor. The orchestra also gave concerts in the North Brabant region. In 1955, the orchestra acquired the name of the "Limburgs Symfonie Orkest". Ed Spanjaard served twice as chief conductor, first from 1982 to 1988, and later as the orchestra's final chief conductor, from 2001 to 2012.
Following elimination of government grants, the Limburg Symphony Orchestra formally merged with "Het Brabants Orkest" to form a single ensemble with the new name of the "philharmonie zuidnederland", as of April 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18463328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463328" title="Louie Ramirez">
Louie Ramirez

Louie Ramirez (February 24, 1938 - June 7, 1993) was a boogaloo, salsa and latin jazz percussionist, vibraphonist, band leader and composer. He co-wrote with Johnny Pacheco the 1961 hit "El Güiro De Macorina". He has been called "the Quincy Jones of Salsa."
Biography.
Ramirez was born on February 24, 1938 in New York City. He made his professional debut with Joe Loco's band in 1956, replacing vibraphonist Pete Terrace. Ramirez made his own debut as a bandleader in 1963, with "Introducing Louie Ramirez" (Rmo Records). He subsequently recorded for Alegre, Fania, Atco, United Artists Records, Caiman, FNA and RMM Records & Video.
He partnered with Charlie Palmieri and Joe Cuba from 1965 to 1968. With Tito Rodriguez he released the LP "Tito Rodríguez y Louie Ramírez En Algo Nuevo" in 1972. He became a staff producer at Fania in 1975. He appeared as a sideman or a production assistant on many recordings by other artists, such as Willie Colón, in the 1970s.
On June 7, 1993, while driving along Junction Boulevard in Queens, New York, Ramirez suffered a fatal heart attack, at the age of 55. He was recording his third album with singer Ray De La Paz. It was entitled "Preparate Bailador".

</doc>
<doc id="18463329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463329" title="Marquis of Vila Real">
Marquis of Vila Real

Marquis of Vila Real (in Portuguese "Marquês de Vila Real") was a Portuguese title of nobility created by a royal decree, dated from 1 March 1489, by King John II of Portugal, and granted to "Dom" Pedro de Menezes, also known as Peter II of Menezes, 3rd Count of Vila Real.
The House of Vila Real was the most powerful aristocratic House in Portugal, during the 16th and 17th centuries, after the Dukes of Braganza and the Dukes of Aveiro.
To reward their support during the 1580 Portuguese succession crisis, the Spanish Habsburgs granted this House new titles (Duke of Vila Real and Duke of Caminha). However, all this wealth was confiscated and Miguel Luís II, 2nd Duke of Caminha, was executed for high treason, by King John IV of Portugal instructions, for supporting the right of the Spanish Habsburg Kings to the Portuguese throne after the revolution of 1640.
Genealogical Summary.
The House of Vila Real had their origins in "Dom" Pedro de Menezes, also known as Peter I of Menezes, 1st Count of Vila Real, 2nd Count of Viana (do Alentejo) and 1st Governor of Ceuta after the Portuguese conquest, in 1415.
However the Counts, later Marquesses, have royal ancestry (both Portuguese and Spanish), once they descended from King Ferdinand I of Portugal and from King Henry II of Castile.
The Marquises of Villa Real (Spanish Title).
When the 7th Marquis of Vila Real, along with his son the Duke of Caminha, was executed in Portugal for high treason in 1641, his daughter, Beatrice of Menezes, married to the Spanish Count of Medellin, remained in Spain.
To reward her fidelity towards the Spanish Habsburgs, King Philip IV of Spain gave her, the 23 March 1660, the title of Marquise of Villa Real (Spanish spelling) as a Spanish title, included today among the titles of the House of Medinaceli.
Beatrice of Menezes never returned to her homeland and this title was never recognized in Portugal.
Marquises of Villa Real (1660-).
The heiress apparent is Ana Luisa de Medina, Marquise of Navahermosa (b. 1940).
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil" – Vol. III, pages 523/528. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989. 

</doc>
<doc id="18463337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463337" title="Mudcat Café">
Mudcat Café

The Mudcat Café is an online discussion group and song and tune database, which also includes many other features relating to folk music.
History.
It grew out of a Blues-oriented discussion site started in October 1996, and incorporated the Digital Tradition song database (started in 1988) after the database lost its original home. The song database is updated on a regular basis by members ("Mudcatters") and now contains the words to over 9,000 folk songs, many with an accompanying midi file and links to further information.
Origin of the name.
The original Blues forum, founded by Max Spiegel, was named for a Mississippi Delta region catfish, capable of living in "muddy waters". This region was the birthplace of the American Delta Blues style. The fish is locally known as a "Mudcat" so, a good name for a Blues forum.
Content.
The discussion group (the Forum) is divided into music-related and non-music-related topics:
The Links section of the site provides links to "Festivals and Venues", "Instruments", "Lyrics, Sheet Music & Tabs", "Performers and Composers", among other subjects dealing with folk music and blues. 
The Mudcat Songbook on the site presents MP3 recordings of songs written and recorded by Mudcatters.
Membership is free and the site is run by volunteers.
Mudgatherings.
Mudcatters in different countries meet up regularly at "mudgatherings".

</doc>
<doc id="18463344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463344" title="Koryfi">
Koryfi

Koryfi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463347" title="Edward Talbot">
Edward Talbot

Edward Talbot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463350" title="SCR-784 Radar">
SCR-784 Radar

The SCR-784 was a fire control radar set used by the U.S. Army designed to be an amphibious version of the SCR-584, and mounted on a searchlight trailer called a K-84.
Statistics.
Frequency: 2,800 MHz
Pulse Width: 0.8 µseconds
Pulse Repetition Rate: 1707 pps 
Vertical Coverage: 300 yards to 10,000 yards
Indicator Type: display 7 inch PPI and, two 3 inch CRT's for range determination
Surviving Examples.
There are no known surviving examples of this array.

</doc>
<doc id="18463352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463352" title="Mike Alexander (boxer)">
Mike Alexander (boxer)

Michael Alexander, more commonly known as Mike Alexander (born 16 October 1973 in Columbus, Ohio, United States) is a professional boxer who fights in the cruiserweight division.
Professional career.
Alexander turned professional in August 2003 at the age of 30, at the Promo West Pavilion, Columbus, Ohio. In his debut Alexander defeated Darnell Dawson by way of a first round knockout. After eleven consecutive wins, Alexander lost a ten round decision at the heavyweight limit to Chazz Witherspoon of Philadelphia. Returning to Cruiserweight, Alexander lost an eight round decision to Alexander Frenkel in Germany. After sixteen months out of the ring, Alexander became well known by appearing as a competitor in The Contender 4 of The Contender (TV series), hosted by Tony Danza. In January 2009, Alexander lost his opening match by five round decision to Rico Hoye in Singapore and was eliminated from the show. In November 2009, Alexander attempted a comeback, but was stopped in the second round by Florida Cruiserweight Nicholas Ianuzzi.

</doc>
<doc id="18463354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463354" title="2003–04 Maltese Second Division">
2003–04 Maltese Second Division

The Maltese Second Division 2003–04 (alson known as MIA Second Division 2003-04 due to sponsorship reasons) started on 27 September 2003 and ended on 3 May 2004.
Participating teams.
These teams contested the Maltese Second Division 2003–04:
2003-04 standings.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsC = Champions; R = Relegated; RP = Relegation playoffs
Results.
For a complete set of results,see 1

</doc>
<doc id="18463378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463378" title="N55">
N55

N55 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18463394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463394" title="Caroline Harris">
Caroline Harris

Caroline Harris (November 11, 1867 – April 23, 1937) was an American actress. She appeared in 12 films between 1909 and 1917. Her last film was "The Gulf Between", the first film released in the Technicolor process.
She died in New York, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18463401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463401" title="Kill Gil, Volumes I &amp; II">
Kill Gil, Volumes I &amp; II

"Kill Gil, Volumes I & II" is the ninth episode of "The Simpsons" eighteenth season which originally aired on December 17, 2006. This episode won a Writers Guild of America Award for best animation. The title of this episode is a reference to "Kill Bill Vol. 1 & 2." This episode aired on the seventeen-year anniversary of the first "The Simpsons" episode, "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire". Elvis Stojko guest stars as himself. In the episode, when Gil Gunderson is fired from his job, Marge takes pity on him and invites him to stay at the Simpson home. However, he soon outstays his welcome and they are unable to get rid of him.
Plot.
The Simpson family is enjoying “Krusty’s Kristmas on Ice” (in an indoor ice rink), starring Elvis Stojko. The main act features a reindeer, a candy cane, and a snowman who are all fretting over a green monster named Grumple, who advances upon the other Christmas characters, threatening to steal their Holiday Cheer (Grumple references the "Grinch" from Dr. Seuss' book), the characters mistakenly stumble backward over a wooden basketball court setup crew led by The Sarcastic Middle-Aged Clerk. All the Christmas characters are enraged that their show is being cut short and they begin brawling with the Utah Jazz as they try to warm up for a basketball game. Marge and the kids decide to get up and leave, and Homer is spotted down on the ice grappling with the Grumple and demanding back the Holiday Cheer. The Grumple repeatedly returns throughout the episode, wanting to kill Homer.
On Christmas Eve, the Simpsons go to Costington’s department store where a sad Lisa sits on Santa’s lap and explains the one true present she wants is the Malibu Stacy Pony Beach Party Set, which is sold out everywhere. Santa Claus, who is really Gil Gunderson (this episode reveals his last name), pities Lisa and goes back to the stockroom and finds an extra play set he had seen earlier. An overjoyed Lisa thanks Gil as a cashier rings up the sale. As Marge and the kids exit the store, an angry Mr. Costington comes out of his office and berates Gil for selling the Malibu Stacy play set that he had set aside for his daughter. When Gil refuses to take the present away from Lisa, Mr. Costington fires him. Marge and the kids witness the scene and feeling sorry for Gil, Marge invites him over for Christmas Eve dinner.
After dinner at home, Gil and the rest of the Simpson family gather around the piano and sing songs. Finishing, Gil gets up to leave; however, Marge insists he stay the night, citing how late and cold it is outside. Gil accepts Marge’s offer. On Christmas morning, Gil retrieves items from his bus locker, assuming he had a permanent spot in 742 Evergreen Terrace. Indeed, Gil’s weak demeanor and lack of job allows Marge to let him move in, and Homer is too distracted by the Grumple's presence outside the home (where it rhymes about putting Homer's blood in his stew) to pay much notice to Gil.
Gil begins to ruin their every holiday. However, Marge continually allows him to stay out of guilt, due to a childhood memory when Patty and Selma stuffed her in her own dollhouse when she refused to hide their cigarettes. Homer’s patience wears thin after Marge’s inability to say "no" causes Gil to walk in on Homer and Marge’s “snuggling” on Valentine’s Day, and bring his friends to sing and drink on St. Patrick's Day. After eleven months, Marge finally agrees to say no to Gil and kick him out, only to learn from Bart and Lisa that Gil got a job in Scottsdale, Arizona, packed up his things and left that morning.
Gil ends up becoming a very successful realtor in Scottsdale. Despite the fact the Gil has already left for good, Marge wishes to go there and finally get the pleasure of saying “no” to him. After Marge’s display of anger towards him and Gil’s cowering display of weakness, the other salespeople are disgusted by Gil's cowardice and Gil’s boss charges out of his office and fires Gil on the spot. Marge is horrified when she realizes that her pleasure of saying "no" just cost Gil another job. To make it up for Gil, the Simpsons buy him a house in Scottsdale so he can keep his job. The episode ends with a family of Grumples arriving at the doorstep. Homer lets them in and Gil, the Simpsons and the Grumples continue happily singing their carols.
Opening sequence.
The opening sequence is redesigned in a Christmas style for this episode. Not counting the "Treehouse of Horror" episodes, this is the second time that the title sequence is radically different from the norm. The theme change is that the whole town is covered in white snow. The other changes aside from the theme is that in the garage, Homer runs to the right as opposed to the usual left, with Mr. Burns is dressed as Ebenezer Scrooge and Smithers dressed as the ghost of Jacob Marley, respectively, a sign in the background of the power plant reads "Merry Christmas, No Bonuses" and Jasper is standing where the late Bleeding Gums Murphy stands normally. In the quick pan across Springfield, Maude Flanders can be seen alive. Bart's skateboard is replaced with a snowboard. Marge and Maggie's grocery and car scenes are cut out and everyone is in Christmas attire (which goes with the couch gag where the family sits on the couch and the camera pans out to reveal that they are reflected on a Christmas tree ornament).
Reception.
Dan Iverson of IGN gave the episode the headline of "Worst Simpsons Christmas episode ever!". He explains that though the story wasn't bad, it was merely told poorly, especially the area where Gil gets a new household had made no sense. He writes: "Gil's storyline wasn't the only thing that didn't make sense, as the ongoing joke of the Grumple made less sense than most anything from this season." Though he explains that even though the episode was not "all bad", he felt there were a couple of comedic bits to keep the show afloat, such as the unique opening sequence.
Awards.
In 2008, this episode was awarded the Writers Guild of America Award in their animation section, beating out another "Simpsons" episode: the season 19 episode "Homer of Seville".

</doc>
<doc id="18463405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463405" title="Hierodula grandis">
Hierodula grandis

Hierodula grandis, common name Giant Asian Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Bangladesh, Northeast India, and Myanmar. It is a large mantis which grows up to 4 inches long and is capable of eating small birds, reptiles and mammals.

</doc>
<doc id="18463409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463409" title="Heteronectes">
Heteronectes

Heteronectes chaneti is a fossil fish which has been identified as an early relative of the flatfish, and as a transitional fossil. In a typical modern flatfish, the head is asymmetric with both eyes on one side of the head. In "Heteronectes", the transition from the typical symmetric head of a vertebrate is incomplete, with one eye positioned near the top of the head, very similar, but less so than its Italian relative, "Amphistium".
"Heteronectes" is found in the early to middle Eocene of France.

</doc>
<doc id="18463412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463412" title="Dawson Stelfox">
Dawson Stelfox

James Dawson Stelfox MBE is a Northern Ireland architect and chairman of Consarc Design Group. In May 2008, he was elected President of the Royal Society of Ulster Architects.
Education and career.
He attended the Royal Belfast Academical Institution and then read architecture at Queen’s University, Belfast, before working as an architect with Consarc. Among the many projects on which he has worked are Parliament Buildings, Stormont; Belfast's Christ Church; the Odyssey Arena; and the Ormeau Gas Works. Several of these projects have been premiated by the RIBA and the Belfast Civic Trust.
Mountaineering.
In 1993, he became the first person from Ireland to climb Mount Everest. He is past President and current Board Member of Mountaineering Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="18463425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463425" title="Zdzisława Sośnicka">
Zdzisława Sośnicka

Zdzisława Barbara Sośnicka (born August 29, 1945 in Kalisz, Poland) is a Polish singer who became popular in the 1970s and 1980s. She was awarded a Grand Prix at the 1988 National Festival of Polish Song in Opole for her entire body of work.

</doc>
<doc id="18463429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463429" title="Another Country (The Chieftains album)">
Another Country (The Chieftains album)

Another Country is a 1992 album by The Chieftains. It is a collaboration between the Irish band and many top country music musicians including Ricky Skaggs, Don Williams, Colin James, Emmylou Harris, members from The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, Willie Nelson, Chet Atkins and Sam Bush. The album won the 1993 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Folk Album and was nominated in three other categories: Best Pop Instrumental Performance, Best Country Vocal Collaboration, and Best Country Instrumental Performance (for "Cotton Eyed Joe"). The Chieftains also took home the Award for Best Traditional Folk Album that year for their 1992 live album, "An Irish Evening". There was also an "Another Country" documentary with video footage of the performances.

</doc>
<doc id="18463434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463434" title="John Tansey">
John Tansey

John Tansey (8 October 1901 – 28 April 1971), was an American actor. He appeared in 21 films between 1908 and 1932.
His first appearance was in "The Red Man and the Child" (1908), as a child actor; he wrote and directed the films "Wild and Wooly" in 1924 and "Romance of the West" in 1930.
He was born in New York, New York, USA and died in Hollywood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18463437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463437" title="Harry Fouke">
Harry Fouke

Harry Haydon Fouke (November 29, 1913 – November 5, 1992) was the first athletic director at the University of Houston, and served in the position from 1945-1979. Fouke attended Main Avenue High School, and graduated from Rice University in 1934, where he played varsity football. Fouke served as head football coach for San Antonio Technical High School and Thomas Jefferson High School in San Antonio throughout the rest of the 1930s and early 1940s. He later became the director of athletics for the San Antonio Public Schools System, the Houston Independent School District, and ultimately the University of Houston.
At Houston, Fouke oversaw the introduction of the football program, baseball program, men's basketball program, and the women's basketball program among others.
During Fouke's last year at Houston, he was awarded the Corbett Award by the National Association of Collegiate Directors of Athletics. Fouke was also a former president of the organization from 1974-1975. From 1962 until 1999, Fouke was the namesake of the Fouke Athletic Building on the campus of the University of Houston. It was demolished for the placement of the Athletics/Alumni Building.

</doc>
<doc id="18463441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463441" title="Noor Mosque">
Noor Mosque

The Noor Mosque (Noor = "Light") in Frankfurt-Sachsenhausen is the third purpose-built mosque in Germany. The mosque in Babenhäuser Landstraße is run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community (AMJ) and was inaugurated on September, 12th 1959 by Sir Muhammad Zafrulla Khan.
Before the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in 1985 bought the „Nasir Bagh“ in Groß-Gerau, the annual gathering Jalsa Salana in Germay was celebrated in this mosque.
This mosque is well known for being the one that the heavyweight boxer Muhammad Ali prayed within once.

</doc>
<doc id="18463461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463461" title="Ballyknockan">
Ballyknockan

Ballyknockan or Ballynockan ( ; ) is a village in County Wicklow, Ireland. Ballyknockan has been known for the granite quarries that have existed since the early 19th century. Ballyknockan holds the Ballyknockan Music Festival annually each summer.

</doc>
<doc id="18463486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463486" title="Jensen Electronics">
Jensen Electronics

Jensen Is a consumer electronics brand with a history that dates back to 1915 with Peter Jensen's invention of the first loudspeaker. Over the years the Jensen family of brands has grown to include Jensen, Advent, Acoustic Research (AR), Phase Linear and NHT Loudspeakers (Now Hear This) in the United States and Magnat and Macaudio in Germany. In 2004, Audiovox Corporation added the Jensen portfolio of brands to their mobile and consumer electronics lines.
Product Lines.
Jensen has six main product lines, all of which fit in the audio and video product categories. These lines include:

</doc>
<doc id="18463487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463487" title="Morton Grove Public Library">
Morton Grove Public Library

The Morton Grove Public Library serves residents and businesses of the village of Morton Grove, Illinois. Morton Grove is located north of downtown Chicago. The Library is located at 6140 Lincoln Avenue, Morton Grove, IL 60053 and serves a population of 23,270 residents. The mission of the Morton Grove Public Library is to provide a place offering materials, programs, and services to assist the community in its pursuit of personal growth and lifelong learning.
The library is a member of the Reaching Across Illinois Library System (RAILS), a consortium of 1,500 public, private, academic, and school libraries located throughout northern and western Illinois covering an area of 27,000 square miles and one of three Illinois library systems. The library was formerly a member of North Suburban Library System (NSLS).
History.
The Morton Grove Public Library was established in 1938 with federal Works Progress Administration (WPA) financial assistance supplementing community action and in response to the educational and cultural needs of a growing community of interested and spirited citizens during the Great Depression years. Beginning with a volunteer staff and 300 books collected through donations placed in a barrel at Village Hall, the first Library was opened using floor space in a store at 6100 Lincoln Avenue. The Library remained at this location for about seven years until the owner of the store needed to expand. 
The Library was moved to another store located at 6244 Lincoln Avenue. Volunteers manned the desk and the Library remained at this location for three years when it was forced to find a new location. 
The Library made its second move to a temporary home in 1948 when it relocated to the second floor of the old Callie Avenue fire station. The Fire Department's need to reclaim that space spurred efforts to obtain a permanent library site by concerned citizens who saw the need to develop and construct a permanent building.
Monument Park had been purchased by the Women's War Working Circle as the site for their Doughboy statue, erected in 1921 to honor World War I veterans. Because of this interest in the Library, the Women's War Working Circle deeded the park property to the village, provided that the property be used as the site of a library. Village residents' 1949 approval of a $33,000 bond issue paved the way for the construction of Morton Grove's first permanent library building, in Monument Park, Georgiana and Lincoln Avenues. 
The Morton Grove Public Library was dedicated and opened in its permanent facility on February 3, 1952. The new building had of floor space and housed a collection of over 4,000 books. By 1954, with Morton Grove growing rapidly in the post-World War II housing boom, the collection had grown to 5,300 volumes with an annual circulation of 21,000 items.
In June 1956, the basement level of the new Library was remodeled for use as a Children's Room. 
In 1962, after a decade of rapid growth, the residents approved a $277,000 referendum for the construction of a addition which included a room for educational and cultural programs and meetings. The building grew to and provided seating for 110 patrons and room for a 55,000 volume collection.
In 1965, the Library was one of twenty-two founding member libraries of the North Suburban Library System (NSLS). NSLS enabled member libraries to exchange information, share resources and establish a reciprocal borrowing program, which has led, through the years, to the practice of honoring library cards of residents throughout the state. NSLS also organized a Central Serials Service (CSS) to permit broad public access to articles from numerous periodicals. CSS was housed in the basement of the Library's facility until 1994, when loss of state funding led to its closing.
In 1969, a $240,000 referendum was passed for the remodeling of the lower level of the building into a new Children's Department. An outdoor sunken garden accessible through glass doors brightened the lower level area. The newly remodeled children's room opened on June 15, 1970.
The most recent expansion of the Library's facility was opened in 1980 and included a 160-seat auditorium and additional office space.
In response to the burgeoning interest in the Internet, the Morton Grove Public Library registered the domain name "webrary.org" and the first version of the library's website went public in 1995. The website receives over 7,000 hits per day.
In 1997, the Library became one of ten founding member libraries of NorthStarNet, a community information network and hosting service created by the North Suburban Library System (NSLS) to help libraries develop relationships with their local community groups by aiding those groups in establishing a Web presence. The Morton Grove Community Network] site provided access and contact information on businesses and organizations relevant to the residents of Morton Grove. In 2007, after NSLS ceased hosting the NorthStarNet program, the Library continued to maintain the community site until 2009.
In addition to the website, the Morton Grove Public Library also offers virtual reference and digital reference services. The Library was an early participant in AskAway, a consortium of Illinois and Wisconsin libraries, but now offers Meebo instant messaging services when the Library is open. In July, 2012 the Library began using LibraryH3lp for its chat reference service when Meebo ceased operation. 
To augment the Library's communication to its community, a number of blogs were begun, each with a specific target audience: adults, teens, pre-teens, and parents of younger children. In 2012, the Morton Grove Public Library decided to focus on more of the social networking outlets available aimed at communicating to its community. There is now an active presence on Facebook, Twitter, FourSquare, YouTube, Flickr and Tumblr and they have phased out their blogs.
A major presence on these social networking entities is Mr. M (as in "M"orton Grove), who began life as the avatar, or persona, of the Library's Twitter account, where he served as a digital guide prospecting the modern world's information deluge for the exceptional, the curious and the enlightening. And yet somehow this wasn't enough to satisfy his ambitions, and so he decided to set up a second home in the library's online catalog, where, while exploring the world unfolding between the covers of books, he also finds it very rewarding to expound upon some of the catalog's features, both new and old, in order to help library users share in his discoveries.
Resources.
The Morton Grove Public Library serves the informational, professional, educational and recreational needs of Morton Grove's diverse, multicultural community. Morton Grove Public Library's building of houses more than 142,000 items with an annual circulation of over 300,000 items. A variety of resources is available including:
Programs.
The Library is an excellent resource for free programs for children and adults.

</doc>
<doc id="18463490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463490" title="130th meridian east">
130th meridian east

The meridian 130° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, Australia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 130th meridian east forms a great circle with the 50th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 130th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18463496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463496" title="Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs">
Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs

The Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs is the head of the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs, a bureau within the United States Department of State. The Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs reports to the Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs.
Assistant Secretaries of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs, 1961—Present.
Note: The post had been abolished from 1978 to 1999. In 1978 the Bureau was abolished and its functions transferred to the International Communications Agency (subsequently the United States Information Agency) under Reorganization Plan No. 2 (91 Stat. 1637). On October 1, 1999, pursuant to the integration of the U.S. Information Agency into the Department of State this position was revived. 

</doc>
<doc id="18463504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463504" title="Krimini">
Krimini

Krimini is a village located in the Tsotyli municipality, situated in Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia. The village of Rodochori is nearby.
Krimini's elevation is 730 meters above sea level. The postal code is 50002, while the telephone code is +30 24680. As of the 1991 census, the population was 142. 
The town is notable for the Ethnographic Museum of Krimini.
History.
Krimini (the Greek word for “precipice”) is a relatively new village based on Greek standards, having been formed around 1720. Prior to that, the village (Old Krimini) was located further north in the Grammos mountain range where its steep precipices and rugged terrain protected the inhabitants from persecutions of the numerous conquerors of Macedonia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18463549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463549" title="Electronic key management">
Electronic key management

Electronic key management is an area of access control within the broader category of security. Typically, physical mechanical keys are managed electronically by a system which controls key access and also creates reports and generates alarms. Many times these systems are networkable, web based, and IP addressable.
Why manage keys electronically?
The justification for electronic key management is often based on the idea that security directors and managers, as well as facility professionals, want to control and manage the entry and use of rooms and assets within a facility, or institution. Today's modern access control systems rely to a large extent upon access card (mag stripes, proximity cards, smart cards, etc.) but they often do not cover a certain number of assets, doors, and rooms, which are still accessed by traditional keys. These tradition mechanical keys must be controlled and managed in order to assure a safe and secure system.
Sometimes access control companies will provide an alternative to the standard "arm every door with card readers" approach by suggesting that the client use a single key management system to protect a large number of seldom used doors, as a value added alternative.
Cost considerations.
An additional basis for utilizing a good key management system is the cost consideration. Lost keys cost organizations, institutions, and government more than $35 billion per year according to some studies. The cost of lost or misplaced keys results from time spent searching for keys and/or their holders, as well as the costs of replacing locks, cylinders, and keys, not to mention staff time and management time resolving lost key issues.
Who uses electronic key management?
Users of good electronic key management systems include property management companies, government, auto dealerships, prisons and institutions, colleges/universities, assisted living centers, casinos, and any place where access control is a consideration.
Modern electronic key management systems use a variety of technologies including Microchip and RFID for ease of identifying keys.
See also.
Key (lock)
References.
McGovern, Michael; "Who Has the Keys", Security Products Magazine, July 2008, pg. 52-53, www.secprodonline.com
Flynn, Fiona; "Morse Watchmans Strengthens Access Control in US County Jails", www.info4Security.com, July 23, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="18463560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463560" title="Oh Boy (The Mood I'm In)">
Oh Boy (The Mood I'm In)

"Oh Boy (The Mood I'm In)" is a popular song written by Tony Romeo. It has been recorded by Diana Trask and Brotherhood of Man, among others.
Overview.
The song was originally recorded by Australian artist Diana Trask in 1975. Trask had achieved much success on the Country scene in the US throughout the 1960s and 1970s, but it was this song which became her biggest hit and signature tune.
In 1977, the song was recorded by UK pop group Brotherhood of Man. The group had won the Eurovision Song Contest the year before and were looking for their next big hit when their producer Tony Hiller came upon this song. Given a new pop slant, the song became a hit in Europe, including the UK where it peaked at #8 during a 12-week run. It featured on their upcoming album "Oh Boy!".
Lesser known versions include a Dutch translated "Ik mis hem zo" by Ann Christy and "Ik mis haar zo" by male duo Mama's Jasje, also Dutch.
The song is about a woman whose partner/husband is no longer with her and she sadly walks the streets in an attempt to find him. Tony Romeo who wrote the song is best known for his 1970 hit "I Think I Love You" by The Partridge Family, which became a US No.1.

</doc>
<doc id="18463561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463561" title="Trumpet Concerto (Arutiunian)">
Trumpet Concerto (Arutiunian)

Alexander Arutiunian’s Trumpet Concerto in A-flat major (1950) is the Armenian composer's sixth major composition, a "virtuoso showpiece" composed in 1949-1950. It was not written for the trumpet player Timofei Dokschitzer (just before the 29-year-old Arutiunian was awarded the State Prize of the USSR for his "Motherland" cantata), but he was the first to record it and make it famous. The concerto's introduction to the USA is solely due to Dokschitzer, a Soviet trumpeter, who visited the States in concert and performed the concerto there. According to J. Sundram, "it is an energetic powerhouse of Eastern European lyricism and harmonic textures". The concerto was "quickly assimilated into the standard trumpet repertoire worldwide, earning highest international praise from audiences, critics and performers".
Allan Kozinn of "The New York Times", interviewing Philip Smith, the principal trumpet of the New York Philharmonic, wrote that "Arutunian's Trumpet Concerto is now so entrenched in the instrument's repertory that, Mr. Smith says, students use it frequently as an audition piece at Juilliard. 'One of the reasons this piece has become so popular among trumpet players,' Mr. Smith said of the concerto, 'is just that it's a flashy piece. It has a very Gypsyish, Russian, Armenian kind of sound, with very soulful, beautiful melodies and plenty of exciting rapid-tonguing kind of things.'"
Movements.
While not divided into formal movements, Arutiunian's Trumpet Concerto consists of five major sections which are all performed attacca (without pause or interruption of the music):
The melodic and rhythmic characteristics of Armenian folk music are a strong influence in Arutiunian’s work. As a composer, he expresses his nationality by incorporating the flavor of ashughner (folk minstrel) improvisations.
Discography.
Conductor: Pekka Savijoki. Finland 
The London Symphony orchestra. Conductor: Luis Has. RCA Victor 09026-62661-2. USA, 1994 
Conductor: Konstantin Orbelyan, Jr. CHAN 9668 England, 2000 
Conductor: Atso Almila. Mils 9651 Finland, 1996

</doc>
<doc id="18463562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463562" title="Truce of Ratisbon">
Truce of Ratisbon

The Truce of Ratisbon, or Truce of Regensburg, concluded the War of the Reunions between Spain and France. The Truce was signed on 15 August 1684 at the Dominican convent at Ratisbon in Bavaria between Louis XIV of France on the one side, and the Holy Roman Emperor, Leopold I, and the Spanish King, Charles II, on the other. The final agreements allowed King Louis to retain Strasbourg, Luxembourg, and other Reunion gains whilst Kortrijk and Diksmuide, both now in modern-day Belgium, were returned to Spain. It was not, however, a definitive peace, but only a truce for twenty years.

</doc>
<doc id="18463568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463568" title="Saville Carr Jr.">
Saville Carr Jr.

Saville Carr Jr., is an American actor and writer best known for his performances in various comedy sketches and stand-up acts. In 2008 he graduated film school with a degree in film and television broadcasting as well as a minor in acting. Carr later than started his own photography business in 2011 called Sneaky FX Photography which started his career as a professional photography. Carr still acts in short films and comedy sketches but mainly focuses on his photography business.

</doc>
<doc id="18463577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463577" title="Trip MacCracken">
Trip MacCracken

Alan "Trip" MacCracken (born June 30, 1974 in Akron, Ohio) is the Director of Football Administration for the Kansas City Chiefs.
MacCracken graduated from Hawken School, where he captained the football and baseball teams, and became an undergraduate at Hamilton College. During his junior year, he went off campus to do an internship at the White House. While in Washington, MacCracken also found work as an intern with the Washington Redskins. After Hamilton, MacCracken continued his work with the Redskins while receiving his J.D. at Duke Law School. He also spent a summer working for the NFL Management Council, which represents ownership in the Collective Bargaining Agreement. Upon graduation from law school in 1999, MacCracken joined the Cleveland Browns for their first season as an expansion team. He spent eleven years with the Cleveland Browns, where he was in charge of managing the salary cap and the team's chief contract negotiator. He was hired by the Kansas City Chiefs in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18463586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463586" title="Harold S. Koplewicz">
Harold S. Koplewicz

Harold Samuel Koplewicz (born January 12, 1953) is a New York City-based psychiatrist. He is the medical director of a medical clinic, president of a foundation he launched in 2009, director in two development-stage pharmaceutical and medical device companies, and editor-in-chief of a journal of psychopharmacology.
Education.
Koplewicz completed his Bachelor of Science in Psychology at the University of Maryland, College Park in 1973. He obtained his medical degree from the Bronx's Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University (YU). Graduating in 1978, Koplewicz completed a pediatrics internship at the Einstein-affiliated Bronx Municipal Hospital Center (1978–79), a residency in psychiatry at the New York Hospital-Westchester Division, White Plains, New York (1979-1981), a fellowship in child psychiatry at Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center (1981-1983) and directorship of general residency training in child psychiatry (1985–86); and a NIMH research fellowship at New York State Psychiatric Institute (NYSPI) (1983-1985). He also attended one of the short non-degree programs for health professionals offered at the Harvard School of Public Health Executive and Continuing Professional Education (ECPE). He is Board Certified in Psychiatry (since 1983) and Child and Adolescent Psychiatry.
Professional career.
Following the completion of his medical residencies and fellowship in the 1980s, Koplewicz became the chief of child and adolescent psychiatry at the Long Island Jewish Medical Center, the primary teaching hospital for the medical school of Yeshiva University (YU) from which he had graduated in the Bronx.
In the mid 1990s he joined New York University (NYU) Medical Center where he held a number of positions. In 1997 he helped found and served as the first director of the NYU Child Study Center (CSC), a position he held until he left NYU in October 2009. He received a severance package in excess of $1.2 million.
Nathan Kline Institute for Psychiatric Research and other roles.
In May 2006, New York Governor Pataki and his Commissioner of the New York State Office of Mental Health appointed Koplewicz the Executive Director of the Nathan Kline Institute for Psychiatric Research (NKI). NKI is a New York State-funded research institute located in Orangeburg, New York and is known for its psychiatric research, especially in the areas of psychopharmacological treatments for schizophrenia and major mood disorders, and in the application of computer technology to mental health services. His employment at NKI was terminated in January 2011 by State Commissioner of Mental Health Michael F. Hogan.
Koplewicz has served as a member of the National Board of Medical Examiners, a Commissioner on the New York Commission for the Study of Youth Crime and Violence and Reform of the Juvenile Justice System (1994), and has been Editor-in-Chief and contributing author of Mary Ann Liebert's “Journal of Child and Adolescent Psychopharmacology” since 1997.
Koplewicz also holds executive board positions in two pharmaceutical and health technologies companies. In February 2007 he was appointed Chairman of the Board in February 2007 of New York City's Delcath Systems, a development-stage, specialty pharmaceutical and medical device company focused on oncology, where he had served as director since September 2006. In June 2011, he joined the Board of Directors at Biosign Technologies (TSX: BIO), a Canadian medical device company specializing in health monitoring.
Child Mind Institute.
After leaving NYU in 2009 Koplewicz started the Child Mind Institute. Two CSC board members left with Koplewicz to serve as co-chairs of his new board of directors. Originally called the Child Study Center Foundation, the new organization had a similar name and mission to the existing NYU CSC institute, changed its name in 2010 to the Child Mind Institute (CMI). Similar to the NYU CSC mission, CMI's stated goal is to help improve the lives of children through integrating evidence-based clinical care, collaborative scientific research, information and resources, and advocacy.
CMI consists of clinical medical practice, the Child Mind Medical Practice, PLLC, a Limited-Liability Company and a non-profit foundation with which shares office space and resources.
Koplewicz serves as the medical director of the clinic, president of the foundation, and practices on a limited basis.
December 2012 lawsuit against Koplewicz and CMI.
On December 7, 2012, a lawsuit was filed in Queens County Supreme Court by Lisa Hernandez Gioia, CMI's former Director of Development, against Koplewicz and CMI.
ADHD treatment dispute.
Koplewicz is perhaps best known for his public advocacy of increased usage of psychotropic medications for children diagnosed with Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Responding to concerns about over-medication and the commercialization of psychotropic medicines, Koplewicz has argued that "no studies have examined the effect of long-term use" of ADHD meds, but they "have been in use for 70 years, and there is no evidence that suggests any adverse effects."
Paxil Study 329 Controversy.
In 2001 Koplewicz co-authored Study 329, a drug trial sponsored by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), that looked at the safety of the use of psychotropic antidepressant drug Paxil (Paroxetine) and concluded that Paxil "is generally well-tolerated and effective for major depression in adolescents" (p. 762). The report and conclusions were then used by GSK to market the drug to children. In October 2011 the company was sued by the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) for false claims and for a fraudulent scheme to deceive and defraud, and charged that the company for touted the Study 329 and journal article "that it paid to have drafted and that exaggerated Paxil's efficacy while downplaying risks identified in one of the trials." In the summer of 2012 GSK settled the lawsuit with the DOJ for a record $3 billion (and more recently the State of North Carolina for $32 million).
Publications and awards.
Koplewicz has edited or authored more than 65 peer-reviewed articles and chapters on child and adolescent psychiatry. He is also the editor or author of several books, including the textbook "Depression in Children and Adolescents" (Hardwood, 1993); "It's Nobody's Fault: New Hope and Help for Difficult Children and their Parents" (Times Books/Random House, 1996); "Childhood Revealed: Art Expressing Pain, Discovery & Hope" (Harry Abrams, Inc., 1999); "Turbulent Times, Prophetic Dreams: Art of Palestinian and Israeli Children" (2000); "More Than Moody: Recognizing and Treating Adolescent Depression" (Putnam, 2002); and "The Day Our World Changed: Children's Art of 9/11" (Harry Abrams, Inc., 2002).
He has received a number of industry awards, including the 1997 Exemplary Psychiatrist Award from the National Alliance for the Mentally Ill, the 1998 Reiger Service Award from the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry in recognition of his work in the development of school-based mental health programs, the 1999 Humanitarian Award from Marymount Manhattan College, the 2000 American Grand Hope Award from the Aprica Childcare Institute, the 2002 Catcher in the Rye Award from the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, the 2007 Irving Philips Award for Prevention, the 2009 American Psychiatric Association McAlpin Award for lifetime contributions to child psychiatry, and the 2010 American Society for Adolescent Psychiatry William Schonfeld Award.
Koplewicz has been included as one of the top 53,000 doctors in the United States in a list compiled by "Best Doctors", a for-profit health benefits company and in a list of Castle Connolly's 1,160 top physicians in New York published by "New York Magazine".

</doc>
<doc id="18463606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463606" title="Sampas Pavilion">
Sampas Pavilion

Sampas Pavilion is an outdoor amphitheater located in the Pawtucketville neighborhood of Lowell, Massachusetts along the Pawtucket Boulevard, 25 miles northwest of Boston, Massachusetts, USA and owned by the state of Massachusetts. The pavilion is located on the banks of the Merrimack River and is part of Lowell Heritage State Park. The seating capacity is approximately 1,000, consisting of general admission lawn seats and additional seating in the back. The venue has been in use since the early 1970s and has been used for events such as musical performances, ethnic festivals, and political rallies. The pavilion hosts a summer concert series, motorcycle rallies, and the city of Lowell's Fourth of July fireworks.
Notable musical performances.
The following have performed at the Sampas Pavilion:

</doc>
<doc id="18463610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463610" title="Liknades">
Liknades

Liknades is a village located in the Tsotyli municipality, situated in western Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia. The village is 75 kilometers east of the town of Kozani.
Liknades's elevation is 741 meters above sea level. The postal code is 50002, while the telephone code is +30 24680. As of the 1991 census, the population was 48. 

</doc>
<doc id="18463613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463613" title="Pilar College">
Pilar College

Pilar College is a private sectarian school in Zamboanga City, Philippines. It is located at R.T. Lim boulevard. The college, owned and administered by the Religious of the Virgin Mary (RVM), gives Catholic education in the southwestern part of Mindanao. Dedicated to the education of the children and the youth of Zamboanga City and the surrounding provinces, it offers elementary, secondary and college learning.
Founding.
The college was founded in 1894 as a Cartilla School by the Beaterio Sisters who evacuated from Tamontaca, Cotabato.One of the two sisters who started the Cartilla School in 1894 was Mother Ma. Antera Cruz, RVM. The school was located in front of Plaza Pershing where the City Theatre now stands. The lot and the house belonged to the Lerenzo family of Zamboanga City. The Philippine Revolution of 1896 brought the Sisters back to Manila, where they were reunited with the RVM Sisters in the Beaterio Convent in Sta. Lucia, Intramuros, Manila.
1903-1920.
The educational ministry, started in Zamboanga, was disrupted during the years that followed. In 1903, on the request of the Rev. father Superior of the Jesuit Mission in Mindanao, the Sisters returned to Zamboanga to resume their work in the school and in the parish as catechists. Mother Severina Santos was the Superior of the RVM Community in Zamboanga. Her companions were M. Rafael Galvez, M. Jaojoco, and a Junior Sister, Justina Rais.
The Cartilla School admitted boys and girls. Classes included Bible Study (Historia Sagrada), Christian Doctrine (Catecismo), Christian Manners (Urbanidad Cristiana), Spanish Grammar (Gramatica Espanola), Arithmetic (Arithmetica), Geography (Geographia), and Home Arts, Flower-making, and House-keeping (Labores for girls). From the Cartilla and advanced Spanish lessons, the Sisters gradually worked to open the Primary and Elementary Courses in 1914. Government Recognition for the Elementary Graduation was granted in 1918.
From the first graduates were chosen teachers for the Primary and Intermediate Grades, Mother Josefa Regino, among them. She joined the RVM congregation in 1926.
1920-1945.
In 1920, the school was transferred to the old “Hospital Senora del Pilar” in Cawa-Cawa Boulevard. The girls High School was opened, with Mother Candelaria Tarcela as the first Principal. The school was named “Pilar Institution”. Government Recognition for the High School was granted in 1928 permit to open the Junior Normal College was given in 1940.
The two-year College Secretarial Course opened in 1940. Classes were disrupted when World War II broke out 1941. The Sisters evacuated in two groups: one went to Tetuan, the other, to Tulungatung, both in Zamboanga City.
1945.
Immediately after liberation in 1945, the Sisters resumed classes for the elementary and High School levels in one floor building of sawali and nipa in La Purisima St, where Ateneo de Zamboanga University is located at present, through the initiative of Mother Carmen Perez, the principal. For lack of classrooms, the school administration resorted to three shifts of classes: morning for the elementary department, afternoon for the High School, and evening for the College.
New buildings.
In 1946, the institution graduated 35 high school students in the temporary school building in the present location. In 1948, Pilar Institution graduated seven girls from the Junior Normal Course and 48 from the high School. On June 21 of the same year, Bishop Luis de Rosario, SJ, DD blessed and laid the cornerstone of a semi-concrete, two storey building facing the sea. In 1949 classes were transferred to this new building which stood at the old site of the Nuestra Senora del Pilar Hospiral. The new school building was blessed on September 24, 1949.
More buildings were constructed as enrolment increased. The wooden Elementary building was put up in 1951, followed by the Auditorium in 1957, and the Music building in 1959. The one-room Chapel was replaced by a beautiful two-wing concrete building, as envisioned by an RVM Architect, S. Ma. Mauricia Tapang. The Home Economics building and the Sisters' convent were designed by the same architect. They were finished and blessed in 1964. A semi-concrete one-storey Science building replaced the old laboratory in 1967.
College status.
With improved facilities and the increase in college courses, the Pilar Institution assumed College status and was named “Pilar College”. It offers courses in Education, Liberal Arts, Home Arts, Home Economics and bachelor of Music. In 1947, Government recognition was given to the Education courses. From 1949 to 1971, Pilar College turned out college graduates yearly. However, due to the opening of nearby schools, the Zamboanga Normal School in particular, the administration of Pilar phased out the college courses in 1972. From this year on, Pilar College concentrated on elementary, High Schools and the College of Music Education. The lack of religious teachers in 1975 brought out the Religious training Program to prepared the teachers to handle Christian Living Classes. This was integrated into the bi-monthly, in service training program designed for teachers and non-teaching personnel.
1977-1990.
The increasing enrollment of the Elementary Department necessitated the construction of a bigger building. In 1977, the wooden building was replaced by a concrete one. Likewise, the Music Department was enlarged to house seven Yamaha organs in 1979. The opening of Yamaha Organ School attracted many students. Worth mentioning in the evolving history of Pilar College was the beautiful presentation of a 500-voice marian Concert, entitled “A tribute to Mary” during the Marian Year, commemorating the 2000th birth anniversary of the Blessed Virgin Mary. It also marked the Diamond Jubilee of the Archdiocese of Zamboanga.
In line with the thrust to upgrade the education, Pilar College undertook the process of accreditation of the High School. Self-survey started in 1981, leading to the preliminary PAASCU visit in 1984 and the subsequent formal visit. In 1987, the PAASCU (Philippines Accrediting Association of Schools, Colleges and Universities) gave the formal stamp of an accredited status to the High School Department. This made Pilar College the third accredited school of region IX. In 1990, the re-survey of the PAASCU Team resulted of a five-year Accreditation to the High School.
Centennial Jubilee year.
During the last decade was the 1994 Celebration of the Centennial Jubilee Year of Pilar College. Among the most significant activities were the solemn con-celebrated Masses of Thanksgiving held at the launching and the closing of the Centennial Year, the Field Demonstrations, Motorcade with the Centennial Queen and Princesses, The Historical Exhibit, a testimonial Dinner and Award Night with a tableau-Vignette depicting “Pilar College Through The Years”. A project undertaken in 1994 was the construction of a new school building, to replace the old one fronting the sea. The new “Mother Ignacia Building” houses twenty classrooms, the high school and the college Library, Clinic, Guidance Center, and several offices.
Accreditation.
In 1994, the high school Department started admitting boys to the first year, thus making all three departments (grade school, high school and college) co-educational. The Grade School which was visited by the PAASCU Team in February 1994 and October 1995, was granted accreditation on January 25, 1996. The High School, which was re-visited by the PAASCU team on August 26–27, 1996 was granted re-accreditation on July 31, 1997. The Grade School Department, after the PAASCU re-visit on February 22–23, 1999, was granted five year accreditation.
Pilar College All-Stars "Huskies" (PCA Huskies).
PCA Huskies is the cheerdance squad in the campus. The squad was formed in 2010 and won 2nd Place in Hola Zamboanga Cheerdance Competition 2010, and finally became Champions on 2011 and ranked 3rd in 2012.
Courses.
The alumnae association is the “Pilar College Alumnae Association”

</doc>
<doc id="18463624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463624" title="Ian Kelly (actor)">
Ian Kelly (actor)

Ian Kelly is a British actor and historical biographer.
Life and career.
Kelly studied at Cambridge University and UCLA Film School.
He has appeared in "The Pitmen Painters" at the National Theatre on Broadway and in the West End and "A Busy Day" in London's West End and in New York in his own one-man plays and also in the US premiere of Ron Hutchinson's Beau Brummell in the title role. He was nominated for Best Actor for his work in Tom Stoppard's "Arcadia" (Manchester Drama Awards)
Kelly has published biographies of Antonin Careme, Beau Brummell and Casanova and Samuel Foote (Mr Foote's Other Leg, 2012) and written for most of the British broadsheets and the New York Times. He is a contribuiting editor of Food Arts Magazine.
The BBC Television drama "" was based on his biography. Other TV work includes Dennis Potter's "Cold Lazarus", "Drop the Dead Donkey", "Silent Witness", "Just William", Catherine Cookson's "The Moth", "Sensitive Skin" and "Time Trumpet".
Kelly's film work includes Closed, Creation, Merchant-Ivory's "Howards End", Richard Attenborough's "In Love and War" and the Russian films "Admiral" and Alexei Balabanov's "Voyna (War)" shot in Chechnya and the Caucasus for which Ian was nominated for Best Actor at the Montreal International Film Festival.
He played Hermione Granger's father in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows".
His biography of Beau Brummell was shortlisted for the Marsh Biography Award.
His biography of Giacomo Casanova was The Sunday Times Biography of the Year 2008-9.
His biography of Samuel Foote, Mr Foote's Other Leg, was named Best Theatre Book by the Society for Theatre Research in May 2013

</doc>
<doc id="18463626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463626" title="Ameles decolor">
Ameles decolor

Ameles decolor (Charpentier 1825), is a species of praying mantis native to Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18463636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463636" title="Rajmohol">
Rajmohol

Rajmohol is a 2005 Bengali film starring Prosenjit Chatterjee, Abhishek Chatterjee, Anu Choudhury, Rachana Banerjee, Biplab Chatterjee, Subhasish Mukherjee, and Bharat Kaul. The film is a remake of Malayalam film "Manichitrathazhu" (1993).
Story.
A married couple from Kolkata, Deboshree (Anu Choudhury) and her husband Sumit (Abhishek Chatterjee), move to a village. There, they move into a supposedly haunted mansion. Deboshree then goes into the restricted room and found out there was a dancer named Chandramukhi who had been killed by a "zamindar" (landlord in Bengali). Here she encounters Dr. Agni (Prosenjit Chatterjee) who came from USA and he was a friend of Deboshree's husband. He makes more comic misunderstandings. Then in climax, it shows that Deboshree killed a doll and Dr. Agni hypnotized Deboshree as a normal girl. Then Sumit's cousin Malini (Rachana Banerjee) got married to Dr. Agni.who he had taken a liking to.

</doc>
<doc id="18463637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463637" title="Secret Agent (animated short)">
Secret Agent (animated short)

Secret Agent (1943) is the last of seventeen animated Technicolor short films based upon the DC Comics character Superman. Produced by Famous Studios, the cartoon was originally released to theaters by Paramount Pictures on July 30, 1943. This is the only short that Lois Lane doesn't appear in, although the female federal agent looks identical to Lois, just with blonde hair.
Plot.
Clark Kent is driving in town and stops at a drug store to talk to his chief about covering his assignment. Outside, there is a car chase of a group of men that are trying to gun down another car. The gun men's car crashes into the drug store, and then steal Clark's car. Clark then dashes to catch up to the gangsters and grabs on to the rear of his car. As the chase proceeds, the two cars pass by a patrolling police car who then try to chase down the gangsters and the victim. The gangsters, seeing the police, try to shoot back at them, but Clark grabs a hold of the gangster's hand a keeps him from shooting by taking his gun and throwing it away. The gangsters use another gun to shoot at their victim's tires, and blows them out. Realizing that there is no way to catch their victim without getting caught by the police, the gangsters speed off with Clark on their rear bumper.
The agent, a young blonde woman that looks identical to Lois, steps out of her damaged car and tells the policemen that she needs to see the police chief at police headquarters. She explains to the police chief that she needs to take records to Washington, D.C. on the largest and most ruthless gang of saboteurs, who were just trying to gun her down in the car chase. For six months she tricked the gang of saboteurs into thinking that she was a part of them and in that time got records of all of the gang member's names along with their plans and that these saboteurs will stop at nothing to get the records back.
Meanwhile, Clark let himself be captured so he could listen in on the gangster's plans and learns that these gangsters are trying to get some records back from the girl, who is a federal agent in reality. So, they plan to stop her at the bridge to the airport.
She gets a police escort to the airport, but it is attacked by more of the gangsters while on route. During the gunfight between the police and the gangsters, the policeman that was driving for the federal agent steps out of his car to shoot back at the gangsters. So the girl gets into the driver's seat of the police car and drives through the fighting to the airport. Another group of the saboteurs positioned at a bridge along the route to the airport see her driving, and proceed to get to the controls of the bridge. They turn the bridge to block the federal agent from driving on, but she keeps on driving until she realizes that the road isn't connected to the bridge anymore and jumps out of the car. The car then drives off the bridge and crashes into a nearby electrical tower. The federal agent tries to reverse the bridge by getting to the bridge controls, but is nearly shot by one of gangsters. She reverses the bridge's turning, but the electric tower begins to fall and smashes into the bridge control room. She falls on to the bridge's turning mechanism and is knocked out while the massive gear in the turning mechanism slowly creeps toward her unconscious body.
Meanwhile, the gangster on the bridge telephones his superior and tells him that the federal agent is trapped on the bridge and that he is about to get overrun by cops, but is cut off as the police open fire on him. The boss of the gangsters sees that something went wrong, has one of his men lock Clark in another room and leaves with his henchmen to get the agent's records. Clark breaks his bindings, changes into Superman and jumps on to the cable of the elevator the gangsters were taking, pulls their elevator up and ties off the elevator cable with the gangsters above the top floor to keep them from getting to the federal agent. Superman then flies to the bridge and sees that the federal agent is about to be crushed by the bridge's turning mechanism and saves her by "derailing" the massive turning gear. Knowing of where the agent needs to go from listening to the gangsters, he quickly picks her up before the flaming wreckage of the bridge control tower falls on her and flies her all the way to Washington D.C and flies away, with a saulute to the flag.

</doc>
<doc id="18463641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463641" title="Bartsrashen">
Bartsrashen


</doc>
<doc id="18463649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463649" title="List of Dutch Top 40 number-one singles of 1990">
List of Dutch Top 40 number-one singles of 1990

These hits topped the Dutch Top 40 in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18463659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463659" title="2009 NHL Winter Classic">
2009 NHL Winter Classic

The 2009 NHL Winter Classic, also known as the Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic 2009, was a specially staged National Hockey League regular-season game played outdoors on January 1, 2009 at 12:36 p.m. CST (1836 UTC) at Wrigley Field in Chicago, Illinois. The game pitted the Chicago Blackhawks, who normally play their home games indoors at United Center, against the defending Stanley Cup champion Detroit Red Wings in the 701st game between these rivals in the NHL's Central Division. The Red Wings won the game 6–4 despite falling behind 3–1 in the first period. This was the first Winter Classic to involve at least one of the Original Six teams, and the only one to date to feature teams from the Western Conference.
The two teams wore vintage-style uniforms, using the current Reebok Edge equipment and material. The Red Wings wore a version of the sweaters worn by the Detroit Cougars in 1926–27, their first season in the NHL, but with their familiar "Winged Wheel" logo on the shoulders. The Blackhawks wore sweaters which were a mix of their 1936–37 sweaters and their 1937–38 sweaters, with the design from 1936–37 and the chest crest from 1937–38.
Host selection.
On May 29, 2008, TSN reported that Chicago was chosen to host the annual outdoor game over New York City, the other host finalist for the game. A game in New York City would have been played at the original Yankee Stadium, which closed after hosting the New York Yankees from 1923-2008. Logistical concerns forced New York out because the stadium was to be demolished; if the game had been played at Yankee Stadium, it would have been the last event in that building.
Beaver Stadium, the second largest outdoor sports venue in North America and the home of the Penn State Nittany Lions football team, was also in consideration, with that location likely only if the two teams were the Pittsburgh Penguins and Philadelphia Flyers; because the Penguins had played in the previous Winter Classic, this scenario was ultimately rejected for 2009.
Original reports said the game was going be played at Soldier Field. However, the Chicago Bears objected to the use of Soldier Field, citing the potential to host a NFL playoff game on the following weekend. On July 6 the "Minneapolis Star Tribune" reported that Wrigley Field, home of the Chicago Cubs, was chosen to host the game. Ten days later, on July 16, the Blackhawks and the NHL confirmed the site and date. There had never been a hockey game at Wrigley Field in the past, and in addition, the rink was left up until January 4 for community skates at The Friendly Confines, with the $10 admission for an hour of skating donated to Cubs Care charities, which was sold out.
Preparations.
Construction of the ice rink began on December 16, 2008, eight days earlier than last season's game. It was again being supervised by Dan Craig, the NHL's facilities operations manager. This time, the crew did not have to wait for any other sport to be played in the stadium, so there was more time to prepare the venue for the Classic. The rink was built from the bottom with plywood and aluminum panels, the latter of which have tubes to move coolant under the ice to maintain a cold temperature. The coolant comes from a truck based outside of the ballpark.
The NHL had a Spectator Plaza outside of Wrigley Field at the intersection of West Waveland and North Clark Streets. This included ticket giveaways, live music, interactive games, ice sculpting, and other entertainment on the day of the Classic.
The 95-year legacy of Wrigley Field as a baseball venue resulted in several nods to baseball. The exterior of the rink was decorated to resemble the low brick wall that fronts the box seating area at the ballpark. Cubs' Hall of Famers Billy Williams, Ferguson Jenkins and Ryne Sandberg were on hand for the pregame ceremonies, along with several retired Blackhawks players. About halfway through the third period, Sandberg along with Bobby Hull, Stan Mikita and Denis Savard sang a variation on "Take Me Out to the Ball Game" with a few word changes to reference hockey.
Pregame.
The national anthems were performed by Scott Newlands ("O Canada") and Chicago Blackhawks anthem singer, Jim Cornelison ("The Star-Spangled Banner").
Rule changes.
As with the 2008 game in Ralph Wilson Stadium, the NHL announced a rule change to account for any possible adverse weather conditions. Taking into account high winds which are common during baseball games at Wrigley Field, the teams changed sides at the first whistle after the halfway point of the third period. This was done at exactly the halfway point of the third in 2008 because of falling snow.
Media coverage.
Television coverage of the game was handled in the United States by NBC. Mike Emrick, who is the lead announcer for NBC, was not able to call play-by-play for the game due to laryngitis. He was replaced by Dave Strader. Ed Olczyk, Pierre McGuire, and Mike Milbury again provided analysis. In Canada, CBC carried the game in English and RDS broadcast in the French language. NASN televised the game live overseas in the United Kingdom, where it started at 6:00 p.m. local time. Additionally, NHL.com offered bonus video coverage. The radio feed was broadcast by NHL Radio on Westwood One throughout North America, excluding the markets of the competing teams, and was carried by Sirius XM Radio. In addition, the American and Canadian versions of the NHL Network carried programming bookending the event starting with the practice sessions one day earlier, as well as the pre-game and post game events, and offered replays that weekend using both NBC's and CBC's feeds.
Television ratings.
One reason that the NHL does the outdoor game is to promote the league on television. The television ratings will partially determine if the outdoor game events will continue. On January 3, 2009 NHL reported that the "overnight television ratings" had increased 12% over the 2008 game. Nationally, the game had 2.9 overnight rating and a 6 share. In Chicago, Thursday's game drew a national high of an 11.8 rating and 21 share, with Detroit second at 10.5 and 21 (this despite that yet again, a Michigan-based team was playing in the Capital One Bowl opposite the Winter Classic—this time the Michigan State Spartans). Other above-average markets included Buffalo (whose 10.1 rating/20 share was comparable to Detroit's), St. Louis (5.3/10), Pittsburgh (4.4/8), Denver (4.2/10), Providence (3.5/7), Indianapolis (3.4/6), West Palm Beach (3.3/6), and Orlando (3.2/5). Each overnight ratings point equals about 735,000 TV homes. On January 12, the final ratings figure was announced. There was an average of 4.4 million viewers of the game on NBC, and this was the largest since the February 23, 1975 match between the Philadelphia Flyers and the New York Rangers.
Game summary.
The Red Wings dressed seven defensemen for this game, as they did in their prior game, to account for Nicklas Lidstrom returning from an ankle injury. Healthy scratches were forward Tomas Kopecky and defenseman Derek Meech. The Blackhawks scratched forward Adam Burish and defenseman Aaron Johnson. Ty Conklin started in goal for the Red Wings, making him the only player to take the ice for all three regular-season NHL outdoor games (after having played for the Edmonton Oilers in the Heritage Classic in 2003, and the Pittsburgh Penguins in the 2008 NHL Winter Classic). During the intermissions, members of the Northwestern University Wildcat Marching Band and the Northern Illinois University Huskie Marching Band played on the field to entertain the crowd. 
The first three combined goals were scored on the power play. The Red Wings paid for a mistake while they were already shorthanded, having too many players on the ice, putting them down by two men. Rookie winger Kris Versteeg scored the first goal of the game for the Blackhawks with three seconds left in the two-man advantage. The Red Wings' Mikael Samuelsson scored with three seconds remaining on his team's second power play which was the result of a Dustin Byfuglien roughing minor that was called during one of the many post-whistle scrums during the first period. Martin Havlat capitalized on another Red Wings mistake, scoring on the power play that resulted from Brett Lebda shooting the puck over the glass from his defensive zone. Ben Eager closed the scoring in the first period with a wrap-around goal.
Detroit scored the next five goals, the first two from Jiri Hudler and the next from Pavel Datsyuk at even-strength in the second period. Datsyuk's goal was hailed as being wind-assisted, since Datsyuk picked up a burst of speed as he went between two Blackhawks defenders to find a clear path to the net. In the third period, defenseman Brian Rafalski scored the eventual game-winning goal on the power play. 17 seconds later, Brett Lebda scored the Red Wings' final goal, chasing Cristobal Huet from the net, with Nikolai Khabibulin taking over for him. In his 16:36 of play, Khabibulin saved all 13 shots that he faced, after Huet saved 24 of 30 shots. Duncan Keith closed the scoring for Chicago on the power play with less than ten seconds remaining. Conklin made 33 saves for the Red Wings on 37 shots.
Lost Logo Challenge.
Reebok sponsored a contest known as the "NHL Winter Classic Reebok Lost Logo Challenge," which challenged fans to find the one player on the ice without a Reebok logo on the back of his jersey. The player without the logo, therefore the correct entry to the contest, was Dustin Byfuglien of the Blackhawks. All RBK Edge sweaters have a Reebok vector logo near the top of the jersey above the player's nameplate, but this one jersey had no logo stitched in that position. Each person attending the game was given binoculars and was able to enter the contest by cell phone; television viewers could enter the contest online. Entries were accepted through the first two periods, at which time two winners, one inside Wrigley Field and one home viewer, were selected from those who chose the correct player. Each winner received an identical prize: a trip to a Stanley Cup Finals game and a $1,000 gift certificate to NHL.com.

</doc>
<doc id="18463669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463669" title="Harry Blake">
Harry Blake

Harry Cooper Blake (June 16, 1874 in Portsmouth, Ohio – October 14, 1919 in Chicago, Illinois) was an American outfielder in Major League Baseball who played in the late 19th century.
He was the first major league player from Portsmouth, Ohio. He played for the Cleveland Spiders (1894–1898) and for the St. Louis Perfectos in 1899. He was a member of the Cleveland team that defeated the Baltimore Orioles four games to one to win the 1895 Temple Cup. In 1898, he finished fourth in the league in sacrifice hits with 23. 
Blake died in Chicago of burns inflicted by an accidental fire.

</doc>
<doc id="18463682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463682" title="Irish National Cycling Championships">
Irish National Cycling Championships

The Irish National Cycling Championships are annual cycling races to decide the Irish cycling champion for several disciplines, across several categories of rider.
The men's road championship is usually held on a Sunday at end of June; the women's race is held the previous day. The winning élite rider wears the national champion's jersey for all road races in the following 12 months. The men's under-23 champion is awarded to the first under-23 in the élite race. The junior road races are held on the same day as the élite and the time-trial championship is earlier in the week. The national criteriums are later in the summer.
The 2012 races are: Thurs 21 June - Time Trials (senior, U23/espoir, women); Sat 23 June - women's, veterans road races; Sun 24 June - senior, U23/espoir, women road races.
Track racing.
1875 - 1905: R. J. McCready, Arthur du Cros, Charlie Pease, Bob Reynolds 9 Championships each,
Harry Reynolds 5 Championships,
R. Hassard 6 Championships
25ml track: 1889: Arthur du Cros; 1890 & 1891 R.J. McCready; 1895: Harry Large; 1896: Harry Reynolds; 1909 Sam Cochrane.
50ml track: 1876: H.H. Law; 1896: M.S. Walsh;
1890s R.J. McCredy won the 2nd 100ml championship
Inter Club Team Championship: 1886, 1887: Leinster C.C.
1895 track: J. Mackey
1896 &1898 L.R. Oswald-Healy of DUBC won an Irish championship
1904 motor paced: Harry Mussen
10,000m Pt. to Pt,; 3/4ml; 6ml; 4,000m; 8ml;.
1962 5,000m point to point: Dan Ahearne
Other Sources.
Information not referenced above was gleaned from:
NCA 21st Birthday Book published by Kerry Sloane which listed NCA championships between 1938 and 1959
1978 NCA Racing calendar which repeated some of the above list and brought it up to that date with some anomalies.
NICF Year Books between 1950 and 1975, with some gaps, provided by Jack Watson. Examined by Rory Wyley..
Cycling Ireland Year Books 1988 to 2012 examined by Rory Wyley..
The Cyclist and The Irish Cyclist volumes from 1934 to 1940 in National Library
The Irish Cyclist files in the archives of The Royal Irish Automobile Club in the care of Bob Montgomery:
November 1890 – May 1891
June – October 1891
Jan – Mar. 1898
Apr – June 1898
1898 – 1899
July – December 1906
July – December 1908
The Wheelman 1902
Irish Newspapers Online: Irish Press, Irish Independent, Freeman's Journal.
Irish Times Archive
Major input from Cyril Smyth who is, amongst other things, Chairman Dublin University Central Athletic Club.
"Dundalk A Cycling History" by Kevin Dolan; self-published, no ISBN
Comments.
The Irish National Cycling Championships are annual cycling races to decide the Irish cycling champion for several disciplines, across several categories of rider.
Through the years there have been new championships added and older championships dropped as social and sporting attitudes changed.
Track.
Up to the late 1960s the distances for track championships were affected by economic factors. Combined athletic and cycling meetings were held in every part of the country and attracted large attendances, the outstanding cyclists of the day were household names. This led to the organisers of meetings demanding a championship (county, provincial or national) to attract bigger gates. The number of championships was increased to meet this demand and this has created difficulties in compiling these lists because one cannot be sure that the absence of a result for an event is due to lack of research or the fact that the event did not take place in a particular year. There were, of course, core distances that were regularly raced for many years. No matter what the motive for putting them on the calendar these championships were keenly contested and the winners are due as much respect as those who won the events that have persisted through the years.
Championships were raced on a mixture of hard surfaces and on grass depending on where they were held. Championships were not designated as grass track or hard track but rather as distances.
After the late 1960s the “local” began to die in Ireland. Sports meetings faded out with showbands. People became less interested in going down the road to see local heroes when they could sit at home and look into the pores of the best competitors in the world on television. This brought a contraction in the number of track championships back to the core distances and disciplines.
Road.
Road racing was less affected by economics and fashion. Time trials have been a feature since the earliest days. It should be remembered that time trials became so popular in the United Kingdom because cycle racing on the open road was illegal. Riders wore sports jackets and tights as part of the strategy to avoid detection and prosecution. Once independence was achieved in part of Ireland time trialling escaped from these stifling rules and gradually massed start road racing became popular and championships were held.
The classic time trial distances were 25, 50 and 100 miles and 12 and 24 hours. From the early 1960s the longer events faded away. Although the 25 miles remained on the books there was sometimes a slight variation in the distance and out and home courses were not always used.
Massed start championships for men were initially held at more than one distance each year but by the early 1960s settled into one event of at least 100 miles/160 km.
Categories.
Racing as recorded in Ireland was almost completely amateur and no professional stand-alone championships were held. When the Olympic Games abandoned the amateur ruling cycling internationally adopted a system of over 23 Elite and under 23 with no distinction between amateurs and professionals.
The term “Junior” has had many meanings. At one time the gradings were Novice(who had not won 3 prizes), Junior (who had won 3 prizes) and Senior (who had gained a place in the first three in a Senior championship). Later “Junior” meant under 18 on a particular date. There were occasional “Youths” championships which at one time meant under 20 years on a specified date but this may not have been consistent.
Women's racing goes back to at least the 1930s but only a small number of championships are recorded before the 1980s.
Organisations.
At various times there was more than one body organising cycling in Ireland and each promoted their own championship. These are all regarded as being of equal merit in this listing.
The overlaps are:
1900s,10s and 20s :ICA <> GAA;
1936 to 1940: NACA<>CRE;
1950 to 1967: CRE & NICF<>NCA;
1967 to 1979: ICF & NICF<>NCA

</doc>
<doc id="18463684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463684" title="Rodochori">
Rodochori

Rodochori is a village located in the Tsotyli municipality, situated in Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia. The village of Krimini is nearby.
Rodochori's elevation is 730 meters. The postal code is 50002, while the telephone code is +30 24680. As of the 1991 census, the population was 136. 

</doc>
<doc id="18463689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463689" title="Signal Corps Radio">
Signal Corps Radio

Signal Corps Radios were U.S. Army military communications components that comprised "sets". Under the Army Nomenclature System, SCR initially designated "Set, Complete Radio," and later "Signal Corps Radio," though interpretations have varied over time.
Nomenclature.
The term SCR was part of a nomenclature system developed for the U.S. Signal Corps, used at least as far back as World War I. Three-letter designators beginning with "SC" were used to denote complete systems, while one and two-letter designators (such as "BC", for basic component, "FT" for mounting, etc.) were used for components. Only a few system designators were used:
SCR radio sets.
The U.S. Signal Corps used the term "sets" to denote specific groupings of individual components such as transmitters, receivers, power supplies, handsets, cases, and antennas. SCR radio sets ranged from the relatively small SCR-536 "handie talkie" to high-powered, truck-mounted mobile communications systems like the SCR-299 and large microwave radar systems such as the SCR-584 radar.
SCS.
The SCS designator was applied to groups of SCR-numbered sets comprising an extensive system, such as multiple radio sets employed in a ground-based fighter direction/control center. The SCR designator could be a single transmitting or receiving set, or a full set of both transmitting and receiving equipment.
Additional Designators.
An additional designator, "RC" was used for subsystems or groups of accessories. The Joint Electronics Type Designation System which came into use in 1943 absorbed or superseded the SC designations.
SCR communication radios by branch use.
This is only a general list, quite a few radios crossed over between branches.
Armor
Artillery
Infantry
general use/command
Cavalry
Coast artillery/AAA
Air Liaison (ground)
Aircraft

</doc>
<doc id="18463690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463690" title="Ameles spallanzania">
Ameles spallanzania

Ameles spallanzania, common name European Dwarf Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found across Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18463698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463698" title="Bitlidzha">
Bitlidzha

Bitlidzha (also, Bartsrashen) was a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia; it is now in ruins.

</doc>
<doc id="18463709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463709" title="Hobby Farms (magazine)">
Hobby Farms (magazine)

Hobby Farms is a bimonthly magazine, devoted to the life of hobby farmers, homesteaders and small producers. Its editorial offices are based in Lexington, Kentucky. Hobby Farms magazine’s tagline is “Rural Living for Pleasure and Profit”. The magazine is known for its award-winning design and photography.
"Hobby Farms" magazine helps small producers in the United States and around the world turn their hobby into a viable business. Focused on the modern "back-to-the-land movement", the magazine is designed to appeal to older Gen Xers, Baby Boomers and the growing population in between who are in tune with organic growing methods and lifestyle.
"Hobby Farms" features articles on raising livestock humanely, sustainable agriculture,
marketing a small farm, self sufficiency, history and preservation, and the dangers of factory farms. Columns cover farm equipment and tools, cooking, buying land, and agricultural news and trends.
History.
The magazine was the brainchild of Norman Ridker, founder and chairman of BowTie Inc. In 1999, he was visiting a friend and business associate in upstate New York who enjoyed making maple syrup on his farm in his spare time. Looking around at the farm and his friend’s life — a working professional who enjoyed farming as a hobby — he realized that no magazine existed that served him and others like him. He enlisted editors to begin researching "hobby farmers" and the seeming groundswell of urban professionals moving to the country seeking a more meaningful existence and with a desire to farm in their spare time. Finding that a very real need existed for education and basic information about farming for such individuals, BowTie trademarked the term "hobby farm", and launched "Hobby Farms" magazine in the spring of 2001.
In 2004 "Hobby Farms" editorial office moved from Irvine, California, to Lexington, Kentucky.
The magazine has thrived during its relatively short existence, and is the fastest-growing farm publication in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18463722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463722" title="N97">
N97

N97 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18463732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463732" title="Lac de Bellefontaine">
Lac de Bellefontaine

Lac de Bellefontaine is a lake at Bellefontaine in the Jura department of France. The lake located close to Lac des Mortes.

</doc>
<doc id="18463741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463741" title="David Firth">
David Firth

David John Firth (born 23 January 1983) is an English animator, video artist, amateur filmmaker, and musician. As a cartoonist Firth's work is largely distributed via the Internet (most notably the popular Adobe Flash animation Web site Newgrounds, as well as his own personal sites). Several of his various works in cartoon Flash animation, as well as his multiple music videos and works of video art have garnered large followings, and include some of the most acclaimed video series online.
Notable animation sequences from Firth include "Salad Fingers", as well as the comedic "Burnt Face Man" series. A number of Firth's works have been featured on the BBC in the UK, and the BBC has hired Firth on several occasions to work on television programmes and commercials. He also created a Flash animation series called "Jerry Jackson", viewable on Newgrounds and his own site, in which a cartoon character ironically pretends to be "a professional animator", even though the animation is intentionally poorly crafted. Jerry Jackson was also based on the people who would write badly written hate comments on his videos, as he would read them, he imagined that they spoke like Jerry Jackson.
Firth also created Men from Up the Stairs, and wrote and animated his "Sock" series, based on his own dreams.
Firth's work often contains a large amount of dark imagery and tends to explore topics of a disturbing or surreal nature, such as depression and mental illness. Firth has stated that it is not his intention to upset or offend. Some of his work may be described as dark humour, while much of it is simply experimental, using many different styles.
Firth is a fan of Aphex Twin, and has used references such as the song "Milkman" in a cartoon also titled "Milkman". Also, in the cartoon "Scribbler", an Aphex Twin poster can be seen. Firth has also used music by Aphex Twin in his more experimental, stop-motion films. He has also used music from prolific ambient artists Boards of Canada and Brian Eno in his work, amongst others.
In addition to several broadcasts of "Devvo", Firth has produced short films for "Charlie Brooker's Screenwipe", televised on BBC Four.
Firth composes electronic music under the pseudonym of Locust Toybox. he is working on his first animated feature film, tentatively titled "The Meadow Man". Firth believes the title will eventually change, though has said that for now it is the official title, as well as more of his small cartoons, such as another "Health Reminder". Firth also plays lo-fi pressure-pop music under the alias Stegosaurus Trap, and is a member of a band called Grape Digging Sharon Fruits with friends and contributors to his projects.
He is currently hitchhiking around England and going to the following countries: Sweden, Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands, Austria, Italy, Slovenia, Czech Republic, France, Switzerland, and Croatia.
Work with the BBC.
Firth has produced several animations for the BBC Comedy Web site, including his "Musical Predictions 2009" and a five-part series about a character called "Jerry Jackson" in 2009, a character sometimes believed to be an actual person, but stated on Charlie Brooker's Screenwipe as being an alter-ego of Firth. An earlier short of Jerry Jackson made outside of the BBC about Linkin Park also gained the attention of the band. In 2010 he created a new series exclusively for the BBC based around a new character called "Drillbithead".
Work with Playboy.
In 2009 David Firth produced a series of four cartoons for the Playboy Web site.

</doc>
<doc id="18463747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463747" title="Bashgyukh (disambiguation)">
Bashgyukh (disambiguation)

Bashgyukh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463752" title="Peter Lines">
Peter Lines

Peter Lines is an English professional snooker player from Leeds. He practices at the Northern Snooker Centre in Leeds.
He has twice reached the Quarter-Final of a ranking tournament, in the 1999 China International, and the 2009 UK Championship. 
In 1992, he qualified for the Strachan Open by defeating Iwan Jones 5-2, Gary Peters 5-2, John Burns 5-4, Bert Demarco 5-1, Joe O'Boye 5-1, Craig Edwards 5-3 and Steve Newbury 5-1, before losing to John Parrott 5-2 in the last 32. 
In the same year, he qualified for the 1992 Asian Open by defeating Ted Guerreri 5-1, Frank Maskell 5-1, David McLellan 5-2, Steve Longworth 5-4, Tony Wilson 5-3, Steve Duggan 5-1 and Steve Newbury 5-1, before losing to David Roe 5-2 in the last 32. 
His next qualification came in the 1995 International Open, for which he beat Colin Kelly 5-2, Scott Bigham 5-2, Fergal O'Brien 5-4 and Doug Mountjoy 5-4, before losing to Ken Doherty 5-1 in the last 32. 
1998 was a good year for Lines, qualifying for the Welsh Open with a 5-2 win over Karl Broughton followed by a 5-0 defeat of Rod Lawler, losing out 5-1 to Stephen Lee in the last 32. 
He qualified for the Scottish Open in the following month with a dramatic 5-4 win over Willie Thorne, before beating Top-5 player Mark Williams 5-3. He lost 5-0 to Chris Scanlon in the last 32. 
Later that year, Lines qualified for the World Championship in 1998, with a 10-7 win over Dave Finbow, followed by a 10-6 win over Stuart Pettman and a 10-6 defeat of Steve James, compiling a magnificent 141 total clearance in the process (the highest break by a debutant). He lost 10–3 to John Parrott in the last 32. 
In the 1999 China International, he beat John Higgins 5–1 and Peter Ebdon 5–4 before losing 4–5 to Brian Morgan in the Quarter-Final. 
He qualified to return to the Main Tour for the 2008/2009 season by finishing ranked second on the 2007/2008 Pontins International Open Series. He had a solid season, winning his opening match in every event. He also won a Pontins Pro-Am event at Prestatyn.
In December 2009, he qualified for the UK Championship 2009 after beating Nigel Bond 9–6 in the final (4th) qualifying round. He beat Marco Fu 9–3 in Round One and Mark Williams 9–8 in the Last 16. He faced Stephen Maguire in the Quarter-Final but lost 5–9.
Lines qualified for the 2011 UK Championship by defeating Ken Doherty 6-5 in round 4 of qualifying. He played Martin Gould in the last 32 and was beaten 6-2.
Lines qualified for the 2013 German Masters by defeating John Higgins 5-3 in round 4 of qualifying. He played Ken Doherty in the last 32 and won 5-3, before losing 3-5 to Marco Fu in the last 16.
Peter's son Oliver is the current All-England U14 snooker champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18463762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463762" title="Argentine Patriotic League">
Argentine Patriotic League

The Argentine Patriotic League ("Liga Patriótica Argentina") was a "Nacionalista" paramilitary group, officially created in Buenos Aires on January 16, 1919, during the Tragic week events. Presided over by Manuel Carlés, a professor at the Military College and the "Escuela Superior de Guerra", it also counted among its members the deputy Santiago G. O'Farrell (1861-1926). The League was merged into the Argentine Civic Legion in 1931. The Argentine Patriotic League formed part of a larger movement of patriotic leagues active in Chile and Argentina during the early 20th century.
History.
Composed of wealthy youth, the League assaulted workers' neighborhoods, including the Jewish Once neighborhood of Buenos Aires. It received military training by members of the Argentine Armed Forces, was subsidised by important members of the oligarchy, and supported by the Church. The League worked hand-in-hand with the Bonaerense police forces in the repression of social movements. Some of its members were also members of the Radical Party.
It quickly extended itself throughout Argentina, on a nationalist, xenophobic, anti-Communist and anti-Semitic program. They attacked in particular Catalans (accused of being anarchists) and Jews (accused of being Bolsheviks).
At its height in the early 1920s, the League's so-called brigades contained as many as 300,000 members throughout the country.
The League counted with the official support of the admiral and Minister of Marine Manuel Domecq García.
The League participated to the events known as "Patagonia rebelde" or "Patagonia Trágica" (1921-1922), in Río Gallegos, during which 1,500 workers in strike were assassinated.
It also participated to José Félix Uriburu's 1930 military coup, which initiated the Infamous Decade.

</doc>
<doc id="18463764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463764" title="N98">
N98

N98 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18463768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463768" title="Zoni, Kozani">
Zoni, Kozani

Zoni is a village located in the Tsotyli municipal unit, situated in Kozani regional unit, in the Greek region of Macedonia. The town of Kozani is 83 kilometers to the east.
Zoni's elevation is 1,050 meters above sea level. The postal code is 50002, while the telephone code is +30 24680. As of the 1991 census, the population was 196. 

</doc>
<doc id="18463773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463773" title="Semyon Semyonovich Abamelik-Lazarev">
Semyon Semyonovich Abamelik-Lazarev

Semyon Semyonovich Abamelik-Lazarev, Semen Semenovich Abamelek-Lazarev or Abamelik-Lazaryan (1857, Moscow - 1916, Kislovodsk, buried in Saint-Petersburg) was a Russian-Armenian principal, archaeologist and geologist, a member of Russian Geographical Union, the honorary supervisor of the Lazarian Seminary in Moscow.
He finished the historio-philological faculty of Saint-Petersburg University. In 1882 he discovered and researched the so-called "Palmirian tarif" inscription, then researched Jerash greco-roman monument in Palestine and published results in two books. He was also a successful entrepreneur and opened factories of iron in the Ural region.
His villa ("Villa Abamelik") in Rome was owned by the embassy of USSR.

</doc>
<doc id="18463774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463774" title="Sumbawa Besar">
Sumbawa Besar

Sumbawa Besar is one of the most populated towns beside Bima and Dompu in the Indonesian island of Sumbawa. It is the capital city of the island and of the Sumbawa Regency of the province of West Nusa Tenggara.
Name.
The slogan of the town is "BESAR" which can mean big in Indonesian. However, this slogan has been used an acronym for:
Languages.
Indonesian is widely spoken in Sumbawa BESAR with some local languages such as Samawa and Balinese (spoken by Balinese people that moved to Sumbawa BESAR).
Transportation.
Public transportation in Sumbawa BESAR may include "bemo", "dokar", and "becak".
There are two lines of "bemo" there, Blue "bemo" and Yellow "bemo". Each serves different routes around the city but both pass the most crowded street in the city, Jalan Kartini. Jalan Kartini may be considered as the centre of the city since local merchants are concentrated in this area and youngsters usually hang out around the water fountain in the middle of the street.
There is one small airport named Bandar Udara Brangbiji that serves some small flights to and from Mataram. However, due to the limited number of passengers using these flight services, the flight schedules have been limited to once or twice a week. Mainly, the flights are served by Merpati Airways.
Tourism.
Tourism in Sumbawa BESAR or Sumbawa has not been promoted by the government. However, thanks to that, Sumbawa has really nice untouched beaches that many tourists, local, national or international, have enjoyed.
There are several small hotels / motels in Sumbawa BESAR. They may include Hotel Tambora, Hotel Suci, etc. The rate per night varies but usually is cheap ranging from Rp. 50,000 to Rp. 100,000 (US$6 – 13).
Education.
Sumbawa BESAR has some public schools and so far only one private Catholic school.
A university was built in 1998 named "Universitas Samawa". The tuition fee is Rp. 400,000 / year. There are 694 students. Study programs include Management Finance and Banking (D3), Mechanical Engineering (D3), Civil Engineering (D3 & S1), Physics, Agronomy, Administration, Economy, Food Science, and Education (S1).

</doc>
<doc id="18463801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463801" title="Michael Dillon (I.R.S. revenue officer)">
Michael Dillon (I.R.S. revenue officer)

Michael Dillon is the only Internal Revenue Service (IRS) Revenue Officer to be killed in the line of duty.
Death.
Michael Dillon was killed on September 23, 1983, at 250 South Huxley Drive (Bradley's home), in Cheektowaga, New York. The IRS audited former employee James F. Bradley for a deficiency of $2,500. Bradley had already remitted $2,000 to the IRS, and Dillon was dispatched to recover the remaining $500. When Dillon attempted to recover the money, Bradley shot him three times with an M-1 rifle at point-blank range, killing him.
James F. Bradley.
James F. Bradley was convicted of first degree manslaughter before the Supreme Court of New York. His conviction was upheld on appeal by the Supreme Court Appellate Division.
Legacy.
In 1987, the U.S. Courthouse in Buffalo, New York was rededicated as the Michael J. Dillon Memorial United States Courthouse. Also in honor of Dillon, the IRS named a national "Michael Dillon Revenue Officer of the Year Award". This is the most prestigious award that a Revenue Officer can receive and is presented personally by the Director of Field Collection, citing the recipient's dedication, outstanding skills and commitment to quality service. In this award, the memory of Michael Dillon lives on while serving as a reminder that the job of a Revenue Officer is not without significant dangers.

</doc>
<doc id="18463810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463810" title="Anna Davidovna Abamelik-Lazareva">
Anna Davidovna Abamelik-Lazareva

Anna Davidovna Abamelik-Lazareva (Lazarian) ("Baratinskaya", 1814, Saint-Petersburg - 1889, Saint-Petersburg) was a Russian-Armenian translator, public figure, the daughter of David Semyonovich Abamelik. She was a friend and translator of Alexander Pushkin.
Abamelik-Lazareva married to the governor of Kazan Irakli Baratinsky, the brother of Russian poet Evgeny Baratinsky. She knew English, French and German, translated poems by Pushkin, Mikhail Lermontov, etc. and published them in Europe, also translated some prominent European poets into Russian.

</doc>
<doc id="18463821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463821" title="List of people from Strumica">
List of people from Strumica

Below is a list of notable people born in Strumica, Republic of Macedonia or its surroundings.

</doc>
<doc id="18463824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463824" title="Sophist Productions">
Sophist Productions

Sophist Productions is a media and marketing company based in Long Island City, New York.
Its interactive on screen text messaging capabilities serve as the foundation for the company's flagship fundraising service, "Text-to-Pledge®", which allows attendees to pledge any amount to a charity's cause using their personal handheld device. After being vetted, the pledge details are broadcast on screens, creating a social giving network. The program has raised upwards of $9 Million since its inception in 2007. Sophist Productions won consequitive 2010 and 2009 International Special Events Society (NY Chapter) Big Apple Awards for Best Demonstration of ROI for Text-to-Pledge® deployments.
Sophist represents a variety of clients, most of which are non-profit organizations including Boys & Girls Clubs of America, the Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship (NFTE), Ronald McDonald House New York, and Wounded Warrior Project.
Reed Baker is the CEO of Sophist and has been nominated for BiZBash Reader's Choice Award for Producer of the Year. He is an active member of the International Special Events Society (ISES), the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), and ASCAP.

</doc>
<doc id="18463830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463830" title="Urszula Kasprzak">
Urszula Kasprzak

Urszula Kasprzak, usually known simply as Urszula, (born February 7, 1960 in Lublin, Poland) is a Polish pop and rock singer and also a piano player and accordionist.
She recorded 15 albums, her music was used in TV and cinema films, and she acted in several films herself.
She gained popularity in Poland especially after recording music with the Polish rock band Budka Suflera.

</doc>
<doc id="18463835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463835" title="Gevorg Abajian">
Gevorg Abajian

Gevorg Hambardzumi Abajian (December 12, 1920, Shnogh village, Lori Province, Armenia - 2002, Yerevan) was an Armenian theatrical and literary critic. PhD on Philology (1956), awarded by the "Renowned Activist of Armenian SSR Arts" title in 1972. 
Abajian was a World War II veteran. Since 1945 he was an artist of Gyumri Dramatic Theatre, then chief-editor of the cultural programs of Armenian SSR state TV-committee, the head of press-department of the Committee of Cultural Relations with Armenian diaspora. He is an author of many books, novels and articles.

</doc>
<doc id="18463854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463854" title="Yellidzha">
Yellidzha

Yellidzha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463855" title="1985–86 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1985–86 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1985–86 campaign was another disappointing season for the Terriers, with the team struggling for consistency and survival in the Second Division, until the arrival of Scottish striker Duncan Shearer from Chelsea near the end of the season saw Town guarantee their status in 16th place.
Review.
Town had a good start to the season with Dale Tempest becoming the first and so far only Town player to score a hat-trick on the opening day of a league season in Town's 4–3 win over Millwall. He was top scorer with 12 goals, even though he was on loan at Gillingham in the latter part of the season, before moving to Lokeren in Belgium at the end of the season.
Between October and December, Town went on a run of 10 consecutive matches without a win, which saw Town hover dangerously above the relegation zone for most of the season. Following that they went on a run of only 1 defeat in 8 matches, followed by a run of 5 losses in 6, which forced manager Mick Buxton to bring in a new striker.
In came Chelsea striker Duncan Shearer, who scored a hat-trick on his full debut in Town's 3–1 win over Barnsley. That coupled with three other wins saw Town finish in 16th place, just 6 points and 3 places above the relegation zone.

</doc>
<doc id="18463859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463859" title="140th meridian east">
140th meridian east

The meridian 140° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, Australasia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 140th meridian east forms a great circle with the 40th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 140th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18463868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463868" title="Muphry's law">
Muphry's law

Muphry's law is an adage that states that "If you write anything criticising editing or proofreading, there will be a fault of some kind in what you have written." The name is a deliberate misspelling of Murphy's law.
Similar laws have also been coined, usually in the context of online communication, under names including Skitt's Law, Hartman's Law of Prescriptivist Retaliation (or The Law of Prescriptive Retaliation), The Iron Law of Nitpicking, and McKean's Law. Further variations state that flaws in a printed or published work will only be discovered after it is printed and not during proofreading, and flaws such as spelling errors in a sent email will be discovered by the sender only during rereading from the "Sent" box.
History.
John Bangsund of the Society of Editors (Victoria) in Australia identified Muphry's law as "the editorial application of the better-known Murphy's law" and set it down in 1992 in the Society of Editors Newsletter.
The law, as set out by Bangsund, states that:
(a) if you write anything criticizing editing or proofreading, there will be a fault of some kind in what you have written; (b) if an author thanks you in a book for your editing or proofreading, there will be mistakes in the book; (c) the stronger the sentiment expressed in (a) and (b), the greater the fault; (d) any book devoted to editing or style will be internally inconsistent.
It goes on to say:
Muphry's Law also dictates that, if a mistake is as plain as the nose on your face, everyone can see it but you. Your readers will always notice errors in a title, in headings, in the first paragraph of anything, and in the top lines of a new page. These are the very places where authors, editors and proofreaders are most likely to make mistakes.
Muphry's law may be interpreted to be in accordance to a previous quote from Ambrose Bierce:
In neither taste nor precision is any man's practice a court of last appeal, for writers all, both great and small, are habitual sinners against the light; and their accuser is cheerfully aware that his own work will supply (as in making this book it has supplied) many "awful examples". ("Write it Right: A Little Blacklist of Literary Faults" 1909)
Examples.
Stephen J. Dubner described learning of the existence of Muphry's law in the Freakonomics section of "The New York Times" in July 2008. He had accused "The Economist" of a typo in referring to Cornish pasties being on sale in Mexico, assuming that "pastries" had been intended and being familiar only with the word "pasties" with the meaning of nipple coverings. A reader had alerted him to the existence of the law, and "The Economist" had responded by sending Dubner a Cornish pasty.
In 2009, the then British Prime Minister Gordon Brown hand-wrote a letter of condolence to a mother whose son had died in Afghanistan, during which he misspelled the deceased's surname. "The Sun" (a tabloid newspaper) published a vitriolic article criticising his lack of care. In this article, the paper misspelled the same name and was forced to publish an apology of its own.

</doc>
<doc id="18463877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463877" title="David Semyonovich Abamelik">
David Semyonovich Abamelik

David Semyonovich Abamelik (1774–1833) was a Russian-Armenian principal, general-major (1818) from the noble Abamelik family. He participated to the wars against Napoleon I (1805–1807 and 1812). Abamelik was awarded the Order of St. Anna with brilliants.

</doc>
<doc id="18463895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463895" title="Armen Abaghian">
Armen Abaghian

Armen Artavazdi Abaghian (January 1, 1933, Stepanakert, Nagorno-Karabakh – November 18, 2005, Moscow, Russia) was a Russian-Armenian specialist on nuclear power, Doctor of Technical Sciences, Professor (1985), Corresponding Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences. In 1984 he became the general director of "Energy" scientific and industrial state holding and the director of All-Soviet (then Russian) Institute of Atomic Energy Stations (AES). Then he became the deputy director of Rosenergoatom, a member of IAEA Consultative Committee.
He finished the Moscow engineero-physical institute in 1956. His works are dedicated to the mathematical models of AES blocks, their security and anti-crisis information data-centers.

</doc>
<doc id="18463901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463901" title="N94">
N94

N94 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18463905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463905" title="New Manhattan Project for Energy Independence">
New Manhattan Project for Energy Independence

On June 12, 2008, Rep. Randy Forbes of Virginia introduced H.R. 6260, New Manhattan Project for Energy Independence. In this bill Forbes outlines a series of prizes, similar to the X-PRIZE, which would be awarded to a private entity, which completed one of seven tasks related to achieving energy independence:
The bill includes 14 billion dollars in prizes and 10 billion dollars in grants. It also seeks to establish a summit to discuss the challenge of energy independence and a commission to create a set of recommendations to fulfill the goal of becoming 50% energy independent within 10 years and fully independent in 20 years.
The bill was cosponsored by Rep. Randy Kuhl and Rep. Frank Wolf. As of July 1, 2008, the bill was referred to the United States House Science Subcommittee on Energy and Environment.
On June 26, 2009, the bill was offered as an amendment in the nature of a substitute for the Waxman/Markey-sponsored American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009. The bill was rejected by the House of Representatives 255-172.

</doc>
<doc id="18463909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463909" title="Bayandur (disambiguation)">
Bayandur (disambiguation)

Bayandur may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463911" title="Hilde Lyrån">
Hilde Lyrån

Hilde Lyrån (born January 2, 1963 in the Grorud Valley, Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian actress, dancer and comedian. She's best known for her roles as Trine in the Norwegian situation comedy "Mot i brøstet" and Karin in the comedy-drama "Seks som oss".

</doc>
<doc id="18463917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463917" title="Edmund Grey">
Edmund Grey

Edmund Grey or Gray may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18463921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463921" title="Roger Williams Medical Center">
Roger Williams Medical Center

The Roger Williams Medical Center (RWMC) is a teaching hospital in Providence, Rhode Island.
Overview.
Founded in 1878, and located in the Smith Hill neighborhood of Providence, RWMC is community owned and governed. It is named after Roger Williams, the founder of Rhode Island. Since 1997, it has been formally affiliated with the Boston University School of Medicine. The center is also located adjacent to the VA hospital in Providence, which provides veterans with specific care needs. In serving the people of Southern New England, RWMC offers services in emergency medicine, cancer care, diagnostic imaging, home care, and extended long-term care. RWMC also manages the only Bone Marrow Unit in the state of Rhode Island.
The Quality Assurance Review Center (QARC) was housed at the RWMC until 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18463922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463922" title="Ahnenblatt">
Ahnenblatt

Ahnenblatt is a genealogy software to create family trees, pedigree charts and ahnentafels.
Genealogic data is stored in a proprietary file format, that can be exported to other formats, e.g. GEDCOM.
The name is German and literally means "ancestor sheet".
Languages.
Ahnenblatt is available in the following languages: Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Estonian, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Spanish, Turkish.

</doc>
<doc id="18463928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463928" title="Danny Seo">
Danny Seo

Danny Seo, born April 22, 1977 is an Eco Stylist.
Biography.
Born on Earth Day (April 22) in 1977, Danny has championed the natural biodiversity of our planet from a very young age. On his 12th birthday, he founded the organization Earth 2000 with just $23. By his 18th birthday, he transformed the Grassroots organization into the country's largest teenage activist charity spearheading worldwide campaigns on behalf of the environment. 
Danny Seo calls his eco-friendly way living Simply Green. Through his books, television programs, magazine columns, and his how-to lifestyle lectures, Danny Seo continues to share his creative ideas on modern, eco-friendly living. 
Danny has been named one of "40 Under 40" to watch by Crain's New York Business and in an honor of a lighter note, one of People magazine's "50 Most Beautiful People in the World" in 1998. He stars in a nationwide TV public service announcement campaign airing on HGTV and TLC encouraging Americans to recycle their old cell phones through a nonprofit program called Call2Recycle, a program of the nonprofit Rechargeable Battery Recycling Corporation. A speaker at colleges, corporations and special events, Danny has given hundreds of keynote addresses at places including the College of William & Mary, and The State of the World Forums and the National Kitchen & Bath Association. In May 2006, he gave the commencement speech to the University of California, Berkeley’s graduating class.
Danny maintains homes in Bucks County, Pennsylvania that are often used in magazine photo shoots, TV shows and for editorial lookbooks featuring his products. He views his homes as living laboratories where new green ideas, tips and projects can be tested before written about in books, demonstrated on TV or shared on his website.
Books and magazines.
At age 19, Danny wrote the book Generation React (Ballantine; 1999), which chronicled his teenage years as the founder and President of a national environmental organization. In 2001, he wrote the follow-up Heaven on Earth, which gave readers simple and easy strategies to making a difference in their own communities. He appeared on “The Oprah Winfrey Show” to promote both books.
His first lifestyle book Conscious Style Home (St. Martin's Press; 2001) chronicles his renovation of his parents' Green Hills, Pennsylvania home. Showcasing easy-to-find eco-friendly materials, the book received positive reviews in The New York Times, Elle, Food & Wine, Elle Decor, and USA Today, which raved "Say 'environment' to Danny Seo, and it's as if you've punched the word into the search engine Google: Out roars an avalanche of ideas and references that threatens to scramble your brain." 
His next books Simply Green Parties and Simply Green Giving highlight Danny's unique take and approach to stylish green living. Both books feature lush, colorful photography and clear, step-by-step instructions along with Danny's tips and how-to information on living the Simply Green way.
In 2008 Seo published , a daily calendar dispensing everyday ecological tips, this led to the creation of a new syndicated newspaper column of the same name distributed by Universal Syndicate to hundreds of newspapers nationwide. 
As a columnist and contributing editor of "Better Homes and Gardens", Danny gives tips and ideas in the Living Green section for the magazine’s 40+ million readers. He also pens a column on their companion website. Danny was formerly a contributing style editor to "Country Home" magazine and was one of the first editors ever hired to work on the now defunct "Organic Style" magazine. 
In May 2007, Danny served as the co-guest editor of Elle's annual Green issue. He worked with activist Laurie David and the Elle staff to create a number of green-themed fashion and lifestyle pieces for the pages of the magazine.
Television.
As the Environmental Lifestyle Contributor on The CBS Early Show, Danny regularly shares seasonal and timely how-to information in the series "Going Green." From choosing the best solar lighting to detoxing your home, millions of viewers tune into The Early Show to learn and see from Danny the latest and greatest in green tips and products. 
Danny has hosted the special "50 Ways to Save the Planet" for Fine Living and recently co-starred in "Red Hot & Green" on HGTV. He also created and hosted the series "Simply Green with Danny Seo." A best-of DVD was created titled “Simple Steps to a Greener Home” (Gaiam/GT Media).
Corporate partnerships.
Simmons 
Simmons has developed a Natural Care line of mattress products endorsed by Danny Seo. The collection will be available in select mattress retailers across the country in September 2008. www.naturalcarebed.com.
JCPenney
In January 2008 Seo announced on his blog that he was working with JCPenney as their Green Living Partner, advising on their Simply Green product designation campaign. Danny works with JCPenney throughout all levels of the company, from product design and methods to the practices done in-store and at the home corporate office. Simmons Natural Care will also be sold at select JCPenney retail locations and online.

</doc>
<doc id="18463931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463931" title="Thurning, Norfolk">
Thurning, Norfolk

Thurning, Norfolk, is a small village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk and district of North Norfolk, near the border with Broadland.
Location and description.
Thurning lies near Corpusty, seven miles (11 km) south of Holt, and nine miles (14 km) north-west of Aylsham.
The parish has no substantial settlements and consists chiefly of farms and houses which are well spaced from each other. It includes the small hamlet of Craymere Beck.
The soil is mixed, the subsoil clay and sand.
In his "Topographical Dictionary of England" (1848), Samuel Lewis says: 
History.
At the time of the Domesday Book (1086), Thurning was recorded as 'Tyrninga', i.e. "Tyrnings" (pl.), signifying "the place of the followers or kin-group of Tyrn", typical of the earlier, immigration phase of Angle-Saxon settlements. Charles Parkin translates its findings from the Latin: 
In 1659, Peter Elwin of Thurning (1623–1695) married Anne Rolfe, the elder daughter of Thomas Rolfe, who was the son of John Rolfe and his wife Pocahontas. John Rolfe was originally from Heacham in Norfolk, and his granddaughter Anne was brought up there.
Parish registers survive only from the early 18th century. Registers deposited in the Norfolk Record Office are for baptisms (1707, 1715–2006), marriages (1717–1739, 1758–2004), burials (1716–2006) and banns (1758–1822). However, some Archdeacons' and Bishops' transcripts survive, copies of register entries for years as far back as 1600.
According to William White, a good new rectory was built in 1827. Samuel Lewis calls this "a handsome house erected in 1832".
Following the Poor Law Amendment Act 1834, Thurning became part of the Aylsham Union. The first workhouses were at Oulton and Buxton, both closed when a new workhouse opened at Aylsham in 1849.
William White's "History, Gazetteer, and Directory of Norfolk" (1835 edition) says of Thurning: 
In 1835, there were twelve parliamentary electors for the West Norfolk division in respect of Thurning, of whom four were outside the parish: Thomas Armes of Weybourne, Hastings Elwin, Esq., of Thorpe, Caleb Elwin, clerk, of Melton Constable, and Robert Fountain Elwin, clerk, of Norwich. The eight at Thurning itself were Henry Wm Blake, clerk, Rash James Barber, James Gay, Esq., of Thurning Hall, Richard Hervey, James Margarson, John Pye, Daniel Sidney, and John Sewell.
In 1836, Thomas Frost was the licensee of a public house called 'The Plough'.
In 1839, the Rector was awarded a yearly rent-charge of £370, in lieu of tithes.
William White's "History, Gazetteer, and Directory of Norfolk" (second edition, 1845) says of Thurning: 
Benjamin Clarke's "British Gazetteer" (1852) says: 
In 1883, the chief crops were wheat, roots, barley and hay. Lieutenant-Colonel W. E. G. L. Bulwer was the lord of the manor. The principal residents were listed as Jas. Gay Esq. J.P., Thurning hall, Rev. John Fenwick, B.D., J.P., rector, Robert Brownsell, William Brownsell, Frederick Faircloth, Henry Hall, and Alfred Clark of Wood Dalling, farmers, George Burton, gamekeeper, William Harvey, farm bailiff, and Edwd. Poynton of Cray mere, blacksmith.
At the census of 1891, the following surnames are recorded in the parish: Adams, Aldis, Allen, Barnes, Baxter, Breeze, Brownell, Clitheroe, Cottrell, Cozens, Faircloth, Frances, Frost, Gay, Girling, Hall, Hardingham, Hazelwood, Hipkin, Howell, Hubbert, Keeler, Knowles, Ladell, Lease, Meadows, Partridge, Plane, Plattan, Poynton, Ray, Scarff, Sexton, Shave, Shuton, Southgate, Strutt, Twiddy, and Wright.
In 1900, the parish priest was the Rev. Robert Rust Meadows, while the parish clerk was Robert Ladell.
St Andrew's Parish Church.
St Andrew's, Thurning, looks at first sight like a typical medieval church. Open every day, it stands alone, isolated from other buildings, on the Reepham Road and about a quarter of a mile north of The Rectory. Nearby is the former stable of the Rector, who sometimes lived at Wood Dalling. The church lacks a chancel, this having been demolished early in the 18th century. The east window has cross-linked tracery, clearly used to fill the arch of the lost chancel, and the east end of the north aisle has an unusual rectangular window.
In 1823, the church gained the furnishings of the old chapel of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, when that was demolished. The aisle and the west end are filled with 18th-century box pews, and the interior is dominated by a huge three-deck pulpit at the east end of the church, designed by James Burrough. On each of the box pews, a sign gives the name of the property in the parish which paid rent for it. The middle of the church contains plain benches, the sanctuary has communion rails, and the south wall a line of hat pegs. Also on the south wall and in the sanctuary are several 18th century memorials.
About 1833, the building was thoroughly restored.
According to "Kelly's Directory" for 1883: 
Thurning now forms part of the Church of England 'Benefice of Reepham, Hackford with Whitwell, Kerdiston, etc.', which also has churches at Reepham, Salle, and Wood Dalling.
Thurning Hall.
Thurning Hall is an 18th-century country house with a walled garden, set in and surrounded by woodland. A large square three-storey Georgian building, it remains a private house but can be hired for weddings.
Shortly after the present house was built, it was advertised to let:
"Kelly's Directory", 1883, says:
In 1996, the Hall was one of the locations for the filming of a BBC television version of George Eliot's "The Mill on the Floss".
Mills.
During the first quarter of the 19th century, Thurning Tower Windmill worked closely with Thurning Water-mill. From auction particulars of 1826, it appears that each mill powered two sets of stones. Bryant's map (1826) shows the windmill immediately to the north of the water-mill and marks them together as 'Union Mills', which infers that they worked together.
A notice for an auction at the Black Boys Inn, Aylsham, to be held on 14 August 1826 advertised the sale of "Lot 2. A Water Corn Mill & Wind Mill, lately erected on the most improved construction & containing four pairs of stones & two flour dressers, with stable, cowhouse & other outhouses & or thereabouts of Arable land, meadow, wood & ozier ground adjoining. Also a Messuage & garden at a short distance from the Mill. The buildings & part of the lands in this Lot are in the occupation of William Reynolds, tenant from year to year & Possession of the remainder may be had at Michaelmas next."
In 1861, the notice of another auction to be held on 26 July 1861 advertised the sale of: "In BRISTON & THURNING Lot 2. A Messuage or Dwelling House with productive Garden adjoining, Watermill driving two pairs of stones, with large waterwheel in good repair & plentiful supply of water, Windmill, Cart Lodge, & other Outbuildings together with 30a. 1r. 19p. of Arable & Pasture LAND adjoining in the occupation of Chester Leman. This lot abuts upon Briston Common & land of James Gay, Esq. The Mills are capable of doing an extensive & lucrative business. Freehold."

</doc>
<doc id="18463976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463976" title="Experian Consumer Research">
Experian Consumer Research

Experian Simmons is a part of Experian focused on delivering the mindset of the American consumer. Used mostly for their National Consumer Survey, this group is known in the media and advertising community for analytical skill and cost-effective approach to media research. combining behavioral and attitudinal research with information on people's demographics, lifestyles, media habits and shopping habits.
History of Experian Simmons.
1954 - Willard R. Simmons, founder of W.R. Simmons and Associates Research in New York, starts the original Simmons survey looking at TV advertising and its effect on shopping choices.
1998 - Symmetrical Resources acquires Simmons
2004 - Experian acquires Simmons
Simmons National Consumer Study.
This appears to be the company's main offering. It's a survey that gets fielded to about 25,000 adults in the United States several times per year. Experian claims this is one of the broadest and deepest surveys of American consumer behavior available. It is supposed to cover thousands of points of interest including:
- demographics
- ethnic demographics and language use
- use of media (TV, cable, radio, magazines, newspaper, internet)
- product purchases and brand preferences
- financial information
- attitudes and opinions
- automotive
Hispanic Consumer Research.
Experian has made a name for their Simmons consumer research in the growing Hispanic marketing industry. The Simmons National Hispanic Consumer Study analyzes the influence of advertising language on purchasing decisions. Simmons also partnered with Hispanic advertising organizations to advance the understanding of the influence of Hispanic culture on consumer behavior.

</doc>
<doc id="18463982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463982" title="Zaubererjackl witch trials">
Zaubererjackl witch trials

The Zaubererjackl trials or Salzburg witch trials, also known in history as the Magician Jackls process, which took place in the city of Salzburg in Austria in 1675-1690, was one of the largest and most famous witch trials in Austria. It led to the execution of 139 people. It was an unusual witch trial, as the majority of its victims were of male gender. 
Background.
In 1675, Barbara Kollerin was put on trial for theft and sorcery in Salzburg together with one Paul Kalthenpacher. During torture, she confessed that her son, Paul Jacob Koller, had a pact with Satan. Her partner, Kaltenbacher, confirmed this and described Jacob as a man of 20, the son of an executioner's assistant. Barbara was to have thought him the "profession" of begging, theft and fraud. Barbara Kollerin was executed in August 1675. The authorities issued a warrant for the arrest of her son. He became known as Wizard Jackl or Magician Jackl or Jäckel. 
The Jackl trial.
In 1677, the government said to have received the news that Jackl was dead. They had arrested Feldner Bettlerbub Dionysos, a handicapped 12-year old boy who was called "Dirty animal", and who was to have had contact with Jackl three weeks earlier. The boy confessed that Jackl was the leader of gangs of poor beggar-children and teenagers from the slum, whom he taught black magic. This led to mass arrests of homeless children and teenagers. The hysteria spread to the entire archbishopric.
During the interrogations of the captive beggar-teenagers, the confessions of the prisoners lead to more and more myths about Jackl. He was claimed to be able to make himself invisible and enchant mice and rats, which ruined the harvests of the farmers. He was portrayed as a murderer and the rumors eventually made him so cruel that the officials preferred to avoid capturing him. He was the most famous wizard in the city's history, but he was never captured himself. The witch trial, on the other hand developed into a great hunt of beggars, homeless and poor children and teenagers. Especially gangs were targeted. Many were accused of having caused some of the bad weather form the previous years.
Executions.
139 people was executed as the followers of Jackl in this trials; 39 were children (between 10 and 14 years old), 53 were teenagers and young adults (between 15 and 21), 21 of unknown age; 113 were of male gender; everyone except two were beggars. The youngest was Hannerl, 10 years old, and the oldest was Margarethe Reinberg, 80 years old. 109 were executed during 1681. They were tortured and burned; some of them alive, others after having been hanged or decapitated - some of them after having had their hands cut off and marked with burning iron.

</doc>
<doc id="18463983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463983" title="Judge Advocate General (India)">
Judge Advocate General (India)

The post of Judge Advocate General in India is held by a major general who is the legal and judicial chief of the Army. The Indian Army has a separate JAG branch which consists of legally-qualified army officers. Officers can either be commissioned directly into the JAG Branch or can be sidestepped from other branches, arms or corps. JAG officers provide legal help to the military in all aspects, in particular advising the presiding officers of courts-martial on military law.

</doc>
<doc id="18463991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18463991" title="List of people from Berovo">
List of people from Berovo

Below is a list of notable people born in Berovo, Republic of Macedonia or its surroundings.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18464001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18464001" title="Ohio State Route 154">
Ohio State Route 154

State Route 154 (SR 154) is a Ohio State Route that runs between Lisbon and the Pennsylvania state line in the US state of Ohio. Some of the highway is listed on the National Highway System. Most of the route is a rural two-lane highway and passes through both farmland and woodland. The highway was first signed in 1923 on a route that is now SR 517 and SR 558. SR 154 was rerouted in 1926 to its current alignment. Two section of the highway was paved in 1929, with the rest of the route was paved in 1933.
Route description.
SR 154 heads east from its western terminus at an intersection with US 30, SR 45, SR 164, and SR 517 in downtown Lisbon. The highway heads through the east side of downtown Lisbon, concurrent with US 30 and SR 45, passing through commercial properties as a two-lane highway. The route leaves downtown and passes through residential properties. The concurrency with US 30 and SR 45 ends on the east side of Lisbon with US 30 and SR 45 heading southeast and SR 154 still heading east. After the concurrency ends, the road passing through woodland, with some houses. The highway turns northeast, having an interchange with SR 11, before leaving Lisbon. East of Lisbon the road turns southeast and passes the Lisbon Federal Correctional Institution.
SR 154 turns back east, with the correnctional institution on the north side of the roadway, highway passes through a mix of farmland and woodland and enters Elkton. In Elkton the highway heads north, with the correctional institution on the west of the highway, before turning northeast. The road passes through mostly woodland, with some farmland and houses. The route turns southeast, before heading east and entering the town of Rogers. In Rogers the highway passes through residential and a traffic signal with SR 7. East of SR 7 the road heads northeast passing through woodland and running parallel to a railroad track. The route curves southeast and enters the town of Negley. In Negley the road has a short concurrency with SR 170. East of Negley the highway heads southeast towards Pennsylvania. SR 154 ends at the Pennsylvania state line and continues into the state as Pennsylvania Route 251.
The only section of SR 154 that is included as a part of the National Highway System (NHS), is that from the western end of the US 30 concurrency to the interchange at SR 11. The NHS is a system of routes determined to be the most important for the nation's economy, mobility and defense. The highway is maintained by the Ohio Department of Transportation (ODOT) like all other state routes in the state. The department tracks the traffic volumes along all state highways as a part of its maintenance responsibilities using a metric called average annual daily traffic (AADT). This measurement is a calculation of the traffic level along a segment of roadway for any average day of the year. In 2009, ODOT figured that the lowest traffic levels were present on the section between County Road 419 (CR 419) and Rogers, where only 1,120 vehicles used the highway daily. The peak traffic volume was 8,580 vehicles AADT along a section of SR 154 that is concurrent with US 30 and SR 45.
History.
SR 154 was first signed in 1923, on a route between Lisbon and East Palestine, passing through East Fairfield, along current SR 517 and SR 558. In 1926, the highway was rerouted from Lisbon to Pennsylvania state line along current routing. The former route from Lisbon to East Palestine was decommissioned. Paving of the road between Lisbon and Elkton and from Rogers to Pennsylvania state line happened in 1929. The rest of the highway, between Elkton and Rogers, was paved in 1933. The former route of SR 154 between Lisbon and East Palestine was commissioned as SR 517, west of East Fairfield, and SR 558, east of East Fairfield.

</doc>
<doc id="18464003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18464003" title="Takiya">
Takiya

Takiya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18464010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18464010" title="Henry Gray (disambiguation)">
Henry Gray (disambiguation)

Henry Gray may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18464013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18464013" title="Francesco Galeani Napione">
Francesco Galeani Napione

Gianfrancesco Galeani Napione also noted as Francesco Galeani Napione, count of Cocconato (1 November 1748 – 12 June 1830) was a renowned Italian historian and writer. 
Napione was born at Turin. In 1773, he published ""Saggio sopra l'arte storica"", dedicating the work to Vittorio Amedeo III of savoy.
In 1780 he published ""Osservazioni intorno al progetto di pace tra S.M. e le potenze borboniche"", where he proposed the formation of a confederation of maritime Italian states under the auspices of the Papal States.
Opposed to French expansionism, his writings promoted the House of Savoy as the leaders of the Italian states.
In 1791 he published his best known work, ""Dell'uso e dei pregi della lingua italiana"" 
In 1812 he was elected as a member of the new Accademia della Crusca. He died in Turin.

</doc>
<doc id="18464022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18464022" title="Kjerringvik">
Kjerringvik

Kjerringvik is a village located in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located on the shore of the Trondheimsfjord at Skarnsund about northeast of the village of Mosvik.
The village is located along the Norwegian County Road 755 at the western end of the Skarnsund Bridge. The bridge was built in 1991 to replace the old Vangshylla–Kjerringvik Ferry which was in service from 1958–1991. The first six years of service also included a ferry connection to Levanger. In 1991 the ferry service was replaced by the Skarnsund Bridge. The old ferry quay has since been taken into use as a tug boat base.

</doc>
<doc id="18464049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18464049" title="Amrum Lighthouse">
Amrum Lighthouse

The Amrum lighthouse is located in the southern part of the German island of Amrum, approximately 2 kilometres west of the village of Wittdün, yet still adhering to the municipality of Nebel. Its designation in German is "Seefeuer Amrum". It is one of the island's landmarks, being open to the public during the summer season.
Data.
The focal plane height of the lightsource measures 63 metres above mean sea level and thereby it is one of the highest lights along the German North Sea shore. The tower itself is 41.8 metres tall, which makes its top reach 67.4 metres above msl. The range of the white sector amounts to 23.3 nautical miles.
The lens is made up of 16 panels of converging lenses. The light character is "Fl, 7.5s", i.e. a single flashing light with an intervall of 7.5 seconds. A 230V/250V halogen metal vapour lamp is used as lantern.
History.
An article on the loss of three vessels around the islands of Amrum and Sylt, published in the "Hamburger Zeitung" in 1868, sparked a controversial debate among experts about where to build a lighthouse in the area. In 1872 it was decided that a lighthouse be built atop a 25 metres high dune on Amrum. Constructions were taken up in 1873 but turned into an obstacle course for all those involved.
Construction and activation.
After five weeks only, the construction works had to be halted when the granite stones for the spiral stairs were missing. When the shipment arrived, a number of workers went on strike and refused to set foot on the "dull" island. Yet the remaining workers and some additional auxiliary hands were able to finish the brick building until November 1874, and to install the first order Fresnel lens with its Argand lamp of five wicks. The lens had been displayed at the Paris Exposition in 1867. Also, a dwelling house was built below the dune to host three lighthouse keepers.
The "Amrum Wittdün Lighthouse" ("Leuchtfeuer Amrum Wittdün") was officially activated on January 1, 1875, shortly before sunset. It was the first German lighthouse to be erected in Nordfriesland. In 1936, the lantern was electrified and only in 1952 the lighthouse received its red and white marking. The last keeper left the lighthouse in 1984 when the facility had become automated.
The optic.
The 2.7 metres tall optic with a weight of 2.9 tonnes is extremely precious. Its current value is put at five million Euro. Some parts have — compared to today's standards — extremely high durability. For example, a ball-bearing which carried the entire optic had to be changed only in 1993, 118 years after the lighthouse's activation.
In popular culture.
Amrum lighthouse was featured on two German stamps by Deutsche Post in 2005 and 2008.

</doc>
