<doc id="18324758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324758" title="Aralumallige Parthasarathy">
Aralumallige Parthasarathy

Aralumallige Parthsarathy (born 22 March 1948 in Bangalore, India) is an international scholar and expert in the field of Dasa Sahitya, which preaches the values and culture of the historic Bhakthi movement, practiced through the centuries in the Haridasa Sahitya and taking its lineage from Madhwacharya. He is the author of a number of books and audio CDs, has undertaken international lecture tours, and is the recipient of many awards.
Life and work.
Aralumallige Parthasarathy was born in a village in the Bangalore district on 22 March 1948, and he is still based in Bangalore. He is a retired Professor of Management from MES College in Bangalore, and a guest faculty member in a number of institutions in other parts of the world. He is a consulting resource on the board of the International School of Business and Research (ISBR), Pune, the Institute of Business Management and Research (IBMR), and the MS Ramiah Institute of Management Studies in Bangalore.
Aralumallige Parthasarathy is the author of more than forty-two books on culture, literature and management. His works include over thirty-five CDs on the scriptures of Dasa Sahitya, Bhagavatha, Bhagavad Gita and Ramayana. He produces writings and gives lectures on Dasa Sahitya, Bhagavatha, Vishnu Sahasranama, Indian heritage, Indian culture, and Indian values. He has delivered more than 4,000 lectures on different continents. His Vishnu Sahasranama chakra movement has become very popular in different countries as well as improving Bhagavatha awareness across America.
Lecture tours.
Dr. Partahsarathy has extensively toured in India and abroad, delivering lectures on Dasa Sahitya, Personality Development, Values and Meditation, and similar topics. His first visit to the U.S.A was in 1995 and since then he has returned six times, delivering more than a thousand lectures in different states across the country. He has visited Europe three times, been to Australia and New Zealand twice, and made several visits to Gulf countries. This has enabled people all over the world to connect with Dasa Sahitya, Bhagavatha, Vishnusahasranama, and with Indian heritage and values.
Awards and honours.
He has been awarded the highest honour of Karnataka government - The Rajyothsava Award. In 2011-12, he rendered twenty-one Bhagavatha Sapthahas in the U.S and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18324763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324763" title="Jess McAvoy">
Jess McAvoy

Jessica Henduwin McAvoy (born 11 January 1980) is an independent folk, pop, rock musician who was born and raised in Perth, Western Australia. McAvoy has released twelve self-funded and self-produced studio albums on her own label, Henduwin Music. She has toured extensively across Australia, Europe, Canada, and the United States. She is currently based in Melbourne, Australia.
Biography.
Jess McAvoy was born on 11 January 1980 and grew up in South Perth. She started playing the guitar and writing music at the age of eleven. In 1994, when McAvoy was only fourteen, she created her own record label, Henduwin Music. At sixteen-years-old, McAvoy performed live for the first time at "Battle of the Bands," a competition in Perth, where she won first prize. 
In 1999 McAvoy relocated to Melbourne to play the pub circuit. As her career gained momentum, her music was played on national Australian radio and television. 
In 2006, McAvoy released "Into the Dark", which was declared Album of the Week by "Beat Magazine"s Nick Snelling. He wrote, "This is truly a beautiful release. "Into the Dark" not only crystallizes the gorgeous melancholy of her songwriting, but finally does justice to that wonderful frayed beauty in her voice, that husk versus honey, and the raw introspection of her lyrics. An album to treasure". It received a positive review from "The Age"s Clem Bastow, who described McAvoy as "one of the best rootsy female singer-songwriters" and the album as "a stunning spectrum of songs and emotions ... explores the many facets of love and life, and most listeners will find more than a few songs resonating personally". 
In 2008, McAvoy's follow up album, "As the Sun Falls", also received rave reviews. Kaz Mitchell from "Inpress Magazine" (Melbourne) and "Drum Media" (Sydney) described it as "Her best album to date. Thumbs up to a very cool album filled with plenty of verve". "As the Sun Falls" features the single, "The Sailor". That same year in an interview with Sue Barrett from "Jam", McAvoy was quoted as saying "The Sailor" was her "very favorite song" that she'd written to date. 
In 2011, McAvoy decided to relocate to North America. During her "farewell show" at the Corner Hotel in Melbourne, there were cameos by fellow Australian performers who surprised the audience by interpreting their favorite McAvoy songs. During this concert, McAvoy performed a duet version of "The Sailor" with Wally de Backer (Gotye). This live concert collaboration has proven to be a fan favorite and has received over 25,000 views on YouTube.
McAvoy lived in Toronto, Canada from 2011 to 2013 where she continued to write, perform and collaborate with other artists. McAvoy currently resides in Melbourne and is putting the finishing touches on her soon to be released album, "The Women." McAvoy will be transitioning to New York City in the summer of 2014. 
McAvoy's musical influences include Tori Amos, Madonna, Etta James, Edith Piaf, Rage Against the Machine and Nina Simone. 
McAvoy's artistry extends beyond her music career. She is an exhibiting painter, actor, and contributing editor for "Curve Magazine".
One of McAvoy's future goals is to see Henduwin Music support other artists.
Personal life.
When McAvoy was ten, the family moved to Holland for five years before returning to Perth. 
McAvoy has an older brother, Ben, who is a professional DJ in Australia. She also has a younger sister, Katrina.
McAvoy's parents continue to live in Perth. From 2008 through 2013, they owned and operated a cafe in Kensington called The Banksia.

</doc>
<doc id="18324767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324767" title="Jean Brankart">
Jean Brankart

Jean Brankart (Momalle, 12 July 1930) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer from 1953 until 1960, when Brankart had to stop his career due to heart problems. In 1955, Brankart finished the 1955 Tour de France in second place, winning two stages.

</doc>
<doc id="18324781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324781" title="Diospyros humilis">
Diospyros humilis

Diospyros humilis (Queensland Ebony) is a small eastern Australian tree found throughout Queensland and extending into Northern New South Wales and the Northern Territory. The plant is most commonly found in coastal and semi-arid zones in vine scrubs, brigalow woodlands and other locales with infrequent fire.
The plant grows as a small tree or shrub, with stiff, glossy, discolorous leaves. Fruit are oval and bright yellow, orange when ripe.
The timber is prized for woodturning and fine cabinet work.

</doc>
<doc id="18324784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324784" title="Early life of Keith Miller">
Early life of Keith Miller

This article chronicles the life of Keith Miller, an Australian Test cricketer and Australian rules footballer, from his birth on 28 November 1919 until 20 August 1940, when he left civilian life and joined the Militia (army reserve) during World War II. Born in the town of Sunshine on the outskirts of Melbourne, Miller made sport the focal point of his early life. The youngest of four children of Scottish descent, Miller joined his siblings in being inculcated with a love of sport by their father, playing football in winter and cricket in summer. Miller's father—an engineer and sportslover—emphasised the importance of technique over power; Miller benefited as he was of small stature during his childhood and could not rely on brute strength. Miller yearned to be a horse racing jockey, as he felt that he would not have the physique to succeed in cricket or football.
Miller received his secondary education at the academically selective Melbourne High School, where his mathematics teacher was the incumbent Australian cricket captain Bill Woodfull. He was an academically poor student who neglected his studies but excelled at sports. He made the school's first-choice cricket team at the age of 14 and gained attention for his technical and defensive ability, which was compared to that of Woodfull. Miller was rejected by the St Kilda Cricket Club so he joined South Melbourne in district competition, making his first-grade debut at the start of the 1935–36 season, still only tall. In one match, he scored 61 runs to orchestrate a lower-order fightback in a low-scoring match against Woodfull's Carlton team, prompting his teacher to award him a silver eggcup during maths class. It remained one of his most treasured possessions.
In the following year, Miller grew and began to play cricket and football with more power. Leaving school at the end of year 10, having just turned 17, Miller played cricket for the Victorian Colts for two seasons, before breaking through to be selected for his first-class debut late in the 1937–38 season. He played sporadically until making his Sheffield Shield debut during the 1939–40 season and scoring his maiden century. During this time, Miller played exclusively as a batsman; he was yet to become a fast bowler. Miller's football career also took off. Starting in 1937, Miller played for the Brighton Football Club in the Victorian Football Association for three years, mainly as a defender. At the start of his fourth season, he restricted Bob Pratt, regarded as the best forward of the time, to one goal for the match and was named best on ground. He was promptly signed by the St Kilda Football Club to play in the leading Victorian Football League in 1940, where his team came second to last.
Birth.
Born in the western Melbourne suburb of Sunshine on 28 November 1919, Keith Ross Miller was the youngest of Leslie (Les Sr) and Edith (Edie) Miller's four children. He had two older brothers and a sister. Sister Gladys was 12 when Miller was born, while Les Jr and Ray were nine and seven respectively. Miller was named after the Australian pioneer aviator brothers Keith and Ross Smith, who were half-way through their historic flight from England to Australia at the time of his birth. Miller's two Christian names reflected his Scottish heritage; his father's family originated from the dock area of Edinburgh and Dundee, and his paternal grandfather arrived in Australia in April 1849. The family lived in a one-level terrace house in Sunshine, which at the time was a separate town of 900 people, west of Melbourne's city centre. The area was and remains a working-class area. The town's lifeblood was the farm machinery maker H. V. McKay, which employed a large proportion of the population. Miller's father started as a teacher in Warracknabeal in rural Victoria, before working as an engineer for McKay in Ballarat until a transfer brought him to Sunshine.
Early schooling.
Sunshine offered open fields, and the three Miller boys quickly took a liking to sport during their childhood, playing Australian rules football in winter and cricket in summer. Their father had played cricket for Warracknabeal, winning a premiership in the local league in 1900. Les taught the boys to play with a side-on stance and underlined the importance of orthodox batting technique, reminding his sons to maintain a high leading elbow when hitting the ball. They were taught to rely on a solid defence, concentration, and self-control in the mould of the leading Victorian and Australian Test batsman of the era, Bill Ponsford. Miller began his schooling in Sunshine, where he quickly became known for his diminutive height; he was one of the smallest children in the school. At the age of seven, Miller moved to the inner-eastern middle-class Melbourne suburb of Elsternwick, where his parents had purchased a two-storey house with a spacious garden that allowed the children to play sport. By this time, his elder brothers had given him the derisive nickname "Weedy". Miller's small size and age deficit meant that he conceded a strength advantage to his brothers in backyard cricket matches. This forced him to develop his technique rather than rely on power, which held him in good stead for his future career. Whenever Miller managed to dismiss his brothers and earn himself some batting time, he typically played with a straight bat in a watchful manner, as it was difficult for him to remove his brothers, meaning that his opportunities with the bat were rare. Miller and his friends would loiter outside Ponsford's home, just away, in the hope of catching a glimpse of their hero. Like Miller in his backyard, Ponsford was known for his powers of concentration and was the first person to score two quadruple centuries in first-class cricket. Miller often practised for hours by himself; he put a tennis ball inside a stocking, before suspending it from a clothes line and hitting it back and forth. Indoors, Miller developed a lifelong love of classical music through a cousin who liked to play Mozart. He played flute in the Elsternwick school band but could not read music.
As a small child, Miller's major sporting aspiration was to be a jockey, but he continued to play cricket and Australian football. At the age of 12, he played for an under-15 Victorian schoolboys cricket team that toured Queensland under the captaincy of future Test batsman Merv Harvey. At the time, Miller stood only and wielded a sawn-off bat. His shots did not travel far, but he impressed observers with the manner in which he moved his feet and stroked the ball. Miller's small stature in a contact sport such as football forced him to rely on physical courage, something for which he became famed. However, his lack of height prompted him to turn to horseracing. Miller saw his first Melbourne Cup in 1926 at the age of seven and had been fascinated ever since. Caulfield Racecourse was only a short distance from the family home, and Miller spent many early mornings watching the trainers and jockeys go through their routines. He eventually persuaded his father to let him take horseriding lessons. Aside from being attracted to the racing culture, Miller felt that as he appeared destined to be a small person, he was more likely to have a successful career as a jockey than in cricket or football.
Melbourne High School.
Miller went to the local state school before transferring to Melbourne High School—a selective government institution that accepted students through an academic exam—at the start of 1934. The school's emphasis on scholastic and sporting excellence and its culture was more in line with that of a private school than a standard government school. Australian Test captain Bill Woodfull was on the teaching staff as Miller's mathematics teacher. Because he did little study and focused his energy on sport, Miller was a mediocre student. In addition to cricket and football, Miller played baseball and competed in swimming. This disappointed Woodfull, a disciplined man who invoked the school's motto "Honour the Work" in exhorting his students to work hard as Australia was attempting to emerge from the depths of the Great Depression. Despite being Australia's captain, Woodfull refused to involve himself in the coaching of the school's cricket teams, feeling that it would intrude on the responsibilities of the sports teachers. Despite this, Woodfull watched the students at cricket training and quickly noticed Miller's skills. Aged 14 and still under , Miller was selected in the school's First XI. With his pads flapping against his stomach and sporting a sawn-down bat, Miller batted at No. 6 and scored 44 on his senior debut. Although his lack of power was obvious, Miller's control and solidity prompted the spectators to call him "the Unbowlable", the same nickname that was accorded to Woodfull, who had a similarly strong defensive style. Melbourne went on to win the match, and Miller impressed his captain Keith Truscott, who fought for his selection and took him under his wing. Truscott later became an ace fighter pilot in the Royal Australian Air Force, and Miller would follow in his footsteps. Truscott's social influence compounded the distractions from Miller's study. Miller failed all eight of his subjects at the end of 1934, and with an average mark of 25%, was the class dunce. He scored zero in his final exam for Woodfull's geometry class, and was forced to repeat year 9.
Club cricket.
At the start of the 1934–35 season, Truscott took Miller to a try out with St Kilda Cricket Club, but his protege could not find a place in any of the club's five teams. Joining the local sub-district cricket club Elsternwick, Miller did not get to bat or bowl on debut, and was then dropped to the Second XI after his first match for poor fielding. Nevertheless, the former Victorian state player Hughie Carroll spotted Miller's talent and lured him to the rival South Melbourne club. However, Elsternwick used the competition rules to prevent Miller from playing for Souths, so he continued to play in the former's second-choice team. In the meantime, Miller continued to play for his school with steady results, scoring 30 and 25 in two matches against Melbourne's main rival, University High School. A loosening of the zoning rules allowed Miller to start competing for South Melbourne in the following season. However, the rules required South Melbourne to play Miller in their First XI, else St Kilda could reclaim him, so he made his district cricket debut for South at the start of the 1935–36 season after a trial in the nets. At this stage, Miller was just tall—the Test batsman Keith Rigg recalled his first encounter with the diminutive youngster in a district match:
It was at South Melbourne that Miller met Ian Johnson and Lindsay Hassett, his future Australia team-mates and captains. On debut against St Kilda, Miller scored only 11 not out after batting for 62 minutes at No. 7, but observers felt the young batsman would succeed if he physically grew. Miller passed his exams at the end of 1935 and continued his development on the field. He began to develop a leg break and googly and represented his school against a visiting schoolboy team from Ceylon. Miller scored an unbeaten 28 to prevent a loss and later cited the experience as helping to broaden his horizons towards other cultures. Assisted by cross-training in baseball, his improved fielding skills saw him placed in the slips and he was named as Melbourne High School's cricket sports champion for 1936. Miller averaged 86 with the bat and took 13 wickets at an average of 9.23, including innings figures of seven wickets for 29 runs against St Kevin's and 3/5 against University High. These performances prompted Woodfull to write in the school magazine that "Miller has Test possibilities". 
In March, Miller played for South Melbourne against Carlton, who were captained by Woodfull. South Melbourne batted first and collapsed to 5/6. The sixth wicket fell at 32, bringing Miller to the crease. He guided his team to 141, and was the last man out for 61 after putting on a stand of 65 in 95 minutes with the No. 11. Miller struck four boundaries in a 147-minute innings. The crowd of 14,000—the largest of the season—gave Miller a standing ovation, and newspapers compared him to Ponsford and Alan Kippax. Carlton went on to win the game, and when it was obvious that this would be the case, Miller's captain let him bowl for the first time. The small batsman took his first wicket in district cricket when Test paceman Laurie Nash took a high-leaping catch. Miller's performance prompted Carlton to donate a silver eggcup as a memento "for sterling performance". Woodfull presented Miller with the trophy during algebra class. It was one of the few sports trophies that Miller kept in later life.
During 1936, Miller underwent a sudden growth spurt, including a three-month period during which he added to his height. He began to play football with more physical aggression and developed the ability to leap high and take airborne marks. The increase in size allowed Miller to become the longest kicker in the school team. Having grown in a year, Miller was unrecognisable to Hassett upon his return to South Melbourne the following season. Eventually, Miller reached in height, thwarting his ambition to be a jockey, although he never lost his love for the racetrack.
Representative beginnings.
At the start of the 1936–37 season, Miller was selected for the Colts, a state under-21 team that played at district level. At the end of the 1936 school year, Miller completed year 10 by passing five of his eight subjects. Disinclined towards university studies, he left school without finishing his leaving year and began working as a clerk for a car business. Miller felt confident that he could make a career out of sport and therefore felt that further education was unnecessary.
Miller spent the 1937–38 season with the Colts and won the team's batting trophy for having the best average; he made 340 runs at 42.50. Across the entire competition, Miller had the eighth highest average. He scored three half-centuries and a 102 against Northcote. At this stage, Miller was a solid, slow and steady batsman, who accumulated his runs gradually, but "The Age" predicted that his physical growth would open his horizons, opining "Once he fills out—he is rather tall for his weight—Miller should become a brilliant, aggressive batsman". In early February 1938, late in the summer, he made his first-class debut for Victoria as an 18-year-old and hit 181 in 289 minutes against Tasmania at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. With his increased power, Miller began to loft the ball over the infield and struck five fours. During the 1938–39 season, he rejoined South Melbourne and played four first-class matches for Victoria, scoring 125 runs at an average of 25.00. However, Miller was yet to play in the Sheffield Shield competition, only taking to the field in one-off matches against other teams. In the two matches against Tasmania in December 1938, Miller took his first catch, but managed only four, seven not out and three, and he spent a period of time outside the team. Miller was recalled in March 1939—late in the season—for two matches against Western Australia in Perth, scoring 111 runs at 37.00, notching his first first-class fifty of the season in the second innings of the first match.
Miller achieved more success as a footballer. In 1937, he followed his brothers Les and Ray and joined the Brighton Football Club in the Victorian Football Association (VFA). The VFA was the second tier of Australian rules football below the Victorian Football League (VFL). A defender, Miller played his first two seasons on the flanks; he was yet to reach his physical peak and lacked the power required to play in central defensive positions until his third season, in 1939. At this stage, he was unable to hip and shoulder his opponents and relied on his running ability and accurate kicking.
During the 1939–40 season, Miller was selected to make his Sheffield Shield debut in a match against South Australia at Adelaide Oval. Batting at No. 4, Miller came to the crease at 2/9 after a top-order collapse, but managed only four runs before being caught by Richard Whitington—with whom he later wrote cricket books—from the bowling of Harold Cotton. When Victoria fielded, Miller ran out his future "Invincibles" captain Don Bradman; it was the first time that Bradman had been caught short of his ground in first-class cricket. Miller also took his first catch at Shield level, that of Mervyn Waite. In the second innings, he managed seven before being bowled by leg spinner Clarrie Grimmett, one of the leading bowlers in the world in the 1930s. One of Miller's teammates was Percy Beames, who also happened to be his manager at Vacuum Oil, where he had moved from his first job. Miller made 41 and 47 not out in his second match against Queensland, top-scoring in the second innings as his team completed a seven-wicket victory. Miller retained his place for the match against New South Wales, but was out for 14 in both innings. He had difficulties against leg spin, falling to Bill O'Reilly and Cec Pepper. In the return match against South Australia, Miller decided to take the initiative against Grimmett, charging down the wicket to drive the leg spinner. He featured in a 165-run partnership with Hassett, and at times bluffed Grimmett by moving forward before leaning back after the bowler had adjusted his length. Miller reached 108 to complete his first century in Shield competition. He was given out caught by Bradman from Garth Burton, after an appeal for a disputed catch; Miller asked the umpires if Bradman had caught a bump ball. Nevertheless, Bradman praised Miller's innings, and Clem Hill predicted a bright future for the Victorian. Apart from the century, Miller had an average season, making 37, 1 and 24 in his remaining innings to end the campaign with 298 runs at 29.80. He did not bowl during the season.
Breakthrough into the VFL.
In 1940, Miller started his fourth season in the VFA. In a match against Coburg, regarded as one of the strongest teams in the competition, he was assigned to man Bob Pratt, who was regarded as the greatest forward of the era. Pratt had scored 678 goals in ten seasons for South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL), the top tier of football, and had scored more than 100 goals in each of his last three seasons. Miller restricted Pratt to one goal for the match and was named as the best on ground. In the third quarter, Miller restricted Pratt to two marks, and in the fourth quarter, he prevented the forward from getting a single kick. Scouts from the VFL club St Kilda signed Miller on the spot. Reacting to Miller's signing, "The Age" opined that he "is one of the most promising players ever to enter league ranks, and can be played anywhere in defence. It was he who kept Bob Pratt to one goal in last week's Association match."
At the time, World War II had broken out and by mid-1940, France, Belgium and the Netherlands had fallen to Nazi Germany. Australia had declared war on Germany and Miller wanted to join the military, but St Kilda told him that if he was deployed outside Victoria, his career would be in jeopardy. As a result, Miller postponed his enlistment until the end of the season.
Playing as a defender, Miller debuted for St Kilda in their fifth round home game against Carlton, at the Junction Oval on 25 May, playing on the half-back flank. At the start of the game, Miller's opponent Ron Cooper king hit and concussed him. Miller said of the experience, "I learnt more in a second or two than I would have in a year". When St Kilda met Carlton in the return match at Princes Park, Miller shoulder bumped Cooper in the first minute of the match, forcing his opponent to leave the field. In a match against Richmond, Miller was physically targeted by renowned enforcer Jack Dyer, known as "Captain Blood". However, Dyer slipped and missed Miller. In one game, Miller was reported for showing dissent to a goal umpire, but was let off without punishment. St Kilda came second to last, so they did not make the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="18324785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324785" title="Replenishment (photography)">
Replenishment (photography)

Replenishment is used in photographic film and paper processing, where fresh chemistry is used to replace exhausted chemistry in a continuous or per-batch fashion. Replenishment rates are calculated by the quantity of film processed in each individual bath; and additionally in Process E6 by the amount of film push-processed; and by film type in Process C41 (color negative) developing.
Process C-41 and C41-RA replenishing.
C-41 color developer exhaustion volumes vary according to the speed and contrast of the films. Please see Table 3-2 in chapter 3 of the Kodak Process C-41 Processing Manual Z-131 to see the different color developer exhaustion rates for the various Kodak color negative films.
rate at which stock is added

</doc>
<doc id="18324796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324796" title="Abutilon parvulum">
Abutilon parvulum

Abutilon parvulum is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name dwarf Indian mallow.
It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. This is a perennial herb growing from a woody root and producing a multibranched stem to a maximum height near . The oval or heart-shaped leaves are wide. The stem and foliage are covered thinly in woolly hairs. The solitary flowers have light orange to red rounded petals just a few millimeters long. The fruit is a fuzzy body nearly a centimeter long divided into five segments.

</doc>
<doc id="18324863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324863" title="Malik Ghulam Yasin Chhina">
Malik Ghulam Yasin Chhina

Malik Ghulam Yasin Chhina (1941–2008) was an Pakistan Muslim Lawyer and Social Worker. He served as a Bhakkar Court chairman Election Board of Bhakkar Court in the Punjab bar court for nearly whole life.

</doc>
<doc id="18324880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324880" title="Peter Schwerdtfeger">
Peter Schwerdtfeger

Peter Schwerdtfeger currently holds a chair in Theoretical Chemistry at Massey University in Auckland, New Zealand, serves as Director of the Center of Theoretical Chemistry and Physics, member of the Institute for Advanced Study, and the President of the New Zealand Alexander von Humboldt Foundation. He took his first degree in Chemical Engineering (Aalen), and studied both chemistry and mathematics at Stuttgart University where he received his PhD in theoretical chemistry. He held a position as a software analyst at Stuttgart University before he received a Feodor-Lynen fellowship of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation to join Auckland University. He earned many awards, amongst them the Prince & Princess of Wales Science Award, a DSc from Marburg University, the New Zealand Hector Memorial Medal, Fellowship of the Royal Society New Zealand, a James Cook Fellowship and most recent a Humboldt Prize and the Fukui Medal. He published over 250 papers in international journals and served on international societies and editorial boards.

</doc>
<doc id="18324917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324917" title="Reginald George Watson">
Reginald George Watson

Reginald George Watson was born in June 1862, in Portland Place, Bath. He was the son of General E.D. Watson of Bengal Army. Watson married Sydney Francis Vivien Presgrave. He died in 1926.
Education.
Watson received his education at Haileybury College, Hertford, England and was the Straits Settlements Civil Service cadet in 1883, Private Secretary to Sir Cecil Clementi Smith, 1884- 1885; Officer of Land Office, Malacca (1887), British Resident of Perak (1913 - 1919).

</doc>
<doc id="18324923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324923" title="R. Krishnaiah">
R. Krishnaiah

Ryaga Krishnaiah (born 13 January 1954), well known as R. Krishnaiah is a leader of Andhra Pradesh Backward Castes fighting from the last 35 years for the rights of Backward Classes and their upliftment in standard of living through reservations in politics, education, and law. He led the protestations along with agitations and fought not only with government of Andhra Pradesh but also with Central Government of India, private educational institutes managements in Andhra Pradesh either through strikes, processions, protestations, boycotting the colleges, hunger strikes, fast-unto-death protests and legally in state level High Courts and Supreme Court of India. He also fought for social justice, reservations in schools and colleges along with scholarships for poor students to pursue education in junior, degree and university colleges. He also fought with success for the reservations in village and mandal level elections for backward classes.
He never craved for the publicity of his achievements and lately fought with success for making the Andhra Pradesh state government in sponsoring the tuition fees in private educational institutes for the poor students belonging to the Backward Castes. To fight for the rights of poor backward classes he did not accept the lucrative job offer when he stood topper in Bankers Examinations after his graduation and politely declined the offer of member of Rajya Sabha by major political parties.
Personal Details.
R.Krishnaiah was born in rich landlord and agriculture profession family possessing of fertile land on January 13, 1954 in Rallagudipally village of RR district of Andhra Pradesh to Sri.Adivappa and Smt.Ramulamma. His lost his mother when he was 12 years old and his father when he was years old.
He later married Smt.Shabari Devi and blessed with a son Rushi Arun (M.B.B.S) and a daughter Rani Swetha Devi(B.Tech).
He did his Bachelors in Commerce(B.Com) from Sri Anantha padbhanabha college,Vikarabad, Rangareddy district. and then finished his L.L.B, L.L.M in 1982, M.A in 1984, and M.Phil from Osmania University at Hyderabad in Andhra Pradesh.
Leadership Profile.
R.Krishnaiah initially got elected as a President of Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes, and Backward Castes Hostels Student Union in 1972 to lead the students for their rights and demands in the hostels.
He got elected as a Students Leader when he was pursuing his graduation in 1973 and continued that till 1989 with his hostel room as his office. During that tenure he led several agitations for the social justice, system with equal rights and college student demands with cent percent success. Till 1976 he was the leader of the college students belonging to Osmania University. In 1977 he was elected as the state level President fighting for the rights of poor students belonging to Backward Castes, Scheduled Castes, and Scheduled Tribes and continued this till 1987.
He is currently acting as a President of Andhra Pradesh Backward Classes welfare association, President of Andhra Pradesh Unemployed Sangarshana Samithi and editor and founder of B.C Garjana magazine.
Accomplishments.
R.Krishnaiah fought for welfare of Backward Castes, Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes, unemployed issues without the help of politicians and their political parties. His honesty in leading the issues and taking them to the government with successful results made him the de facto leader in leading the economically backward sections of the society. Today backward classes, scheduled castes and tribes are enjoying the current fruits of scholarships in colleges, thousands of separate hostels, residential colleges, implementation of reservation in schools, colleges and jobs as a result of his leadership in fighting for the rights of poor, oppressed and weaker sections of the society. These protests under his leadership also enabled his dream of making the weaker and economically backward sections of the society to take up expensive education who cannot afford.

</doc>
<doc id="18324978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324978" title="Geniospasm">
Geniospasm

Geniospasm is movement disorder of the mentalis muscle. 
It is a benign but socially excluding genetic disorder linked to chromosome 9q13-q21 where there are episodic involuntary up and down movements of the chin and lower lip. The movements consist of rapid fluttering or trembling at about 8Hz superimposed onto a once per three seconds movement of higher amplitude and occur symmetrically in the V shaped muscle. The tongue and buccal floor muscles may also be affected but to a much lesser degree.
The movements are always present but extreme episodes may be precipitated by stress, concentration or emotion and commence in early childhood. In some subjects social withdrawal and other compensatory behaviors occur.
The condition is extremely rare and in a study in 1999 only 23 families in the world were known to be affected, although due to embarrassment in afflicted individuals it may be under-reported. Inheritance is aggressively autosomal dominant. In at least two studies the condition appeared spontaneously in the families.
The condition responds very well to regular botulinus toxin injections into the mentalis muscle which paralyse the muscle but cause no impairment of facial expression or speech.

</doc>
<doc id="18324997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18324997" title="Primera División A Clausura 2009">
Primera División A Clausura 2009

The Primera División A Clausura 2009 is a Mexican football tournament, the second of two short tournaments held during the 2008–2009 Mexican football season. It began on January 10, 2009 and will run until May 23 or May 24, 2009. The winner of the tournament will earn a place in the promotional playoff against Querétaro, the winners of the "Apertura 2008" tournament, to determine which team will be promoted to the "Primera División".
Tournament format.
A total of 27 teams are divided into three groups of nine teams each. Each team plays the other eight teams in its group twice, once at home and once away, for a total of 16 games. At the end of the regular season the top two teams in each group, as well as the next two highest placed teams, qualify to the "Liguilla" (playoffs). The teams are seeded based on their position in the general table and are arranged before each round so that the highest seeded team remaining always plays the lowest seed remaining. The teams play a home and away series and whichever team has the better aggregate score advances. If the two teams are tied after both legs in the quarterfinals and semifinals the higher seed advances automatically. In the finals, if the two teams are tied after both legs two 15 minute halves of extra time are added. If the teams are still tied after extra time the champion is determined through a penalty shootout.
Promotion.
One team is promoted to the "Primera División" each year (two short tournaments). After the "Clausura 2009" tournament, the champions of the "Apertura 2008" and "Clausura 2009" tournaments will play a home and home series to determine which team will be promoted. If the same team wins both tournaments it will be promoted automatically. In order for a team to be promoted it has to obtain a certification from the Federación Mexicana de Fútbol Asociación. If the winner of the promotional final is not certified for promotion a home and away series is played between the highest placed certified team and the club being relegated to the "Primera División A" to determine which will be in the "Primera División".
Relegation.
One team is relegated to the "Segunda División" each year (two short tournaments). The team that has the worst points to games played ratio over the previous three years ("Apertura 2006", "Clausura 2007", "Apertura 2007", "Clausura 2008", Apertura 2008, "Clausura 2009") is relegated to the "Segunda División".
League Table (Groups).
Group 3.
As of: May 4, 2009
Source: FMF
Rules for classification: 1st points; 2nd goal difference; 3rd goals scored; 4th head-to-head; 5th away goals scored; 6th draw
P = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points.
League Table (General).
As of: May 4, 2009
Source: FMF
Rules for classification: 1st points; 2nd goal difference; 3rd goals scored; 4th head-to-head; 5th away goals scored; 6th draw
P = Position; Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points.
Top scorers.
As of: May 4, 2009Source: FMF
Relegation Table.
As of: May 4, 2009Source: FMFP = Position; G = Games played; Pts = Points; Pts/G = Ratio of points to games played

</doc>
<doc id="18325011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325011" title="Suzanne Kosmas">
Suzanne Kosmas

Suzanne M. Kosmas (born February 25, 1944) is the former U.S. Representative for , serving from 2009 until 2011. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She previously served in the Florida House of Representatives.
The district consists of several portions of the Orlando-Daytona Beach area as well as portions of the Space Coast region.
Early life, education and career.
Kosmas has lived in New Smyrna Beach since 1973. She has owned Prestige Properties of New Smyrna Beach, a real estate company, since 1979. Kosmas attended The Pennsylvania State University and George Mason University, later graduating Phi Beta Kappa from Stetson University in 1998.
Florida House of Representatives.
Kosmas represented the 28th District in the Florida House of Representatives for four consecutive terms, 1996 through 2004, before being term-limited. She was succeeded by Republican Dorothy Hukill.
U.S. House of Representatives.
Votes.
In 2009, Kosmas joined with the Democratic majority to vote for the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009, the American Clean Energy and Security Act, and the Local Law Enforcement Hate Crimes Prevention Act. She originally voted along with 38 other Democrats against the Affordable Health Care for America Act. However, she switched to a "Yes" vote for the Senate version of the bill.
Political campaigns.
2008.
Kosmas was one of the top recruits for the Democrats in the 2008 cycle. Despite the wide perception that Feeney had drawn the 24th for himself while still serving as state house speaker (the district included most of his state house district), the district is actually a fairly marginal district on paper, with a Cook Partisan Voting Index of R+4. It includes most of Democratic-leaning Volusia County, where Kosmas lives.
In 2008, Kosmas campaigned on issues such as fiscal conservatism, support for veterans, and values like integrity and transparency.
In the November election, Kosmas won, taking 57% of the vote to Feeney's 41% — the largest margin of defeat for a Republican incumbent in the 2008 cycle.
2010.
Kosmas defeated former Winter Springs Mayor Paul Partyka in the Democratic primary.
Kosmas was defeated for re-election by former State Representative Sandy Adams on Nov. 2, 2010 by a 60% to 40% margin. Ironically, two years after handing Feeney the largest margin of defeat for a Republican incumbent in the 2008 cycle, Kosmas herself lost by the second-largest margin of any Democratic incumbent in the 2010 cycle.

</doc>
<doc id="18325020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325020" title="Rex gloriose martyrum">
Rex gloriose martyrum

In Roman Catholic liturgy, Rex Gloriose Martyrum is the hymn at Lauds in the Common of Martyrs (Commune plurimorum Martyrum) given in the "Roman Breviary". It comprises three strophes of four verses in Classical iambic dimeter, the verses rhyming in couplets, together with a fourth concluding strophe (or doxology) in unrhymed verses varying for the season. 
The first stanza illustrates the metric and rhymic scheme:
History.
The hymn is of uncertain date and unknown authorship, Mone (Lateinische Hymnen des Mittelalters, III, 143, no. 732) ascribing it to the sixth century and Daniel (Thesaurus Hymnologicus, IV, 139) to the ninth or tenth century. The Roman Breviary text is a revision, in the interest of Classical prosody, of an older form (given by Daniel, I, 248). The corrections are: terrea instead of terrena in the line "Qui respuentes terrena"; parcisque for parcendo in the line "Parcendo confessoribus"; inter Martyres for in Martyribus in the line "Tu vincis in Martyribus"; "Largitor indulgentiæ" for the line "Donando indulgentiam". A non-prosodic correction is intende for appone in the line "Appone nostris vocibus". Daniel (IV, 139) gives the Roman Breviary text, but mistakenly includes the uncorrected line "Parcendo confessoribus". He places after the hymn an elaboration of it in thirty-two lines, found written on leaves added to a Nuremberg book and intended to accommodate the hymn to Protestant doctrine. This elaborated form uses only lines 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9 of the original. Two of the added strophes may be quoted here to illustrate the possible reason (but also a misconception of doctrine in the apparent assumption of the lines) for the modification of the original hymn:

</doc>
<doc id="18325021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325021" title="Military career of Keith Miller">
Military career of Keith Miller

The military career of Keith Miller, an Australian Test cricketer and Australian rules footballer, lasted from August 1940 until June 1946, when World War II interrupted his sporting career. Miller enlisted in the Militia, before switching to the Royal Australian Air Force, where he served from November 1941 until 1946 when he was discharged with the rank of flying officer. Miller trained as a fighter pilot, and in the last month of the European theatre of war, he flew combat missions over German installations. However, Miller was more notable for his efforts as a cricketer, representing the Royal Australian Air Force cricket team and after VE Day, the Australian Services in the Victory Tests of 1945, followed by a tour of the Indian subcontinent and Australia before being demobilised. 
While serving in the Militia, Miller continued playing football for St Kilda Saints and interstate cricket for Victoria when he was off duty. Miller struggled to conform to military norms and was soon fined for "using insulting language towards a superior officer". In late 1941, he left the Militia and was accepted into the Royal Australian Navy, but tore up his form because his friend was rejected, before enlisting in the RAAF. After his initial training in 1942, he earned his wings and was deployed to the United Kingdom in early 1943 where he continued his training with the No. 169 Squadron RAF. Miller survived a few disciplinary incidents while training to eventually take part in combat operations in the closing stages of the European theatre of the war, and had several narrow escapes from death throughout his combat and training period. He received several campaign medals for his service.
Away from battle, from 1943 onwards, Miller was selected to represent the RAAF in a series of matches against the Royal Air Force and other English teams. The objective of the matches was to show that the British Commonwealth would not be cowed by German attacks, and the team was officially designated as a military unit. In 1945, following the Nazi surrender, the RAAF team merged with members of the Australian Imperial Force team to become the Australian Services, involving army and air force personnel, and competed against England in the five Victory Tests. Following the end-of-war tour of England, the Services team toured the Indian subcontinent before returning to Australia and playing in the 1945–46 season against the Australian states before being demobilised. Miller was the vice-captain of the team on the return leg of the tour to Australia.
Miller was Australia's top-scorer during the Victory Tests and came to the fore with his fast bowling. Miller was acclaimed for his free-spirited and adventurous batting, which he attributed to the triviality of sport in comparison to war. This was particularly exhibited in his 185 from 165 minutes for Dominions against England. It was through his involvement in wartime cricket that Miller met many of his future international colleagues, such as England's Denis Compton, Bill Edrich and Len Hutton.
In Australia.
As was the case with many of his contemporaries, Miller's sporting career was interrupted by World War II. On 20 August 1940, towards the end of the football season, almost a year after war broke out, Miller joined the Militia (army reserve), and was assigned to the 4th Reserve Motor Transport Company. In late September, with St Kilda already eliminated from the football season, Miller began his first army training camp at Caulfield Racecourse in Melbourne. This meant that he would be able to continue his sporting career when he was not in training. A non-conformist, he had the first of his many clashes with authority on 4 November, when he was charged with "using insulting language to a superior officer" and fined 10 shillings. Miller's knockabout persona soon saw him earn the nickname "Dusty", referring to his tendency to be involved in a "dust-up", meaning a physical fight.
During the summer of 1940–41, Miller was granted leave so that he could play interstate cricket. In a season shortened due to war, Miller played in three matches and scored 140 runs at 28.00. In the second match, which was against South Australia, Miller scored 63, his only fifty of the summer, and bowled for the first time at first-class level, conceding three runs from a solitary over. In the third match he took his maiden first-class wicket, in a war fundraising match for Stan McCabe's XI against Don Bradman's XI, that of Ken Ridings, caught behind with wicket-keeper Don Tallon. His pace was noticed by Bradman.
The 1941 VFL season went ahead despite the loss of many players to military service. Miller alternated between playing in the backline and in attack depending on match conditions. When St Kilda were kicking downwind, Miller would play in attack, and when they kicked against the wind, he would return to a defensive position. In the forward line, he alternated with Sam Loxton, a future "Invincibles" teammate. He booted 28 goals in 16 games, including eight in one match against North Melbourne. Miller also gained a reputation among opponents for kicking them in the ankles. He again showed his disrespect for authority and reputation. In one match against Melbourne, for whom his boss and state cricket team-mate Percy Beames played, Miller charged towards Beames with a raised elbow at the start of the match, forcing his boss to be taken from the field. Miller came second in St Kilda's best and fairest for 1941 as his team again came second to last.
Miller's season ended early after he was called back for army service and he was stationed in the northern suburb of Broadmeadows. However, he had disciplinary problems and disliked taking orders from his officers, whom he often felt were inferior to him. He left the Militia on 8 November 1941. Miller and a friend then attempted to join the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) as stokers. When the navy would not take his friend, Miller tore up his paperwork in protest, left the recruiting office, and walked around the corner to the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) recruiting office. He was acutely aware of the risks, as many of his playing colleagues had been killed, injured or captured. The threat of combat increased when the Pacific Theatre of World War II opened on 7 December 1941 with the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. The 1941–42 cricket season was cancelled and many cricket and football grounds were converted into army bases.
On 30 January 1942 he was called to active service by the RAAF. He was sent to No. 4 Initial Training School at Victor Harbour in South Australia, around 100 km south of Adelaide. Miller quickly showed his anti-authoritarian streak in a training drill in which Miller's instructor asked the recruits to disarm him. The recruits feared that their weekend leave would be cancelled if they succeeded in confiscating their sergeant's rifle, but the sergeant assured that that this was not the case. Miller volunteered to combat the instructor, and succeeded by tripping him and removing his firearm. The sergeant angrily protested that Miller had tripped him and told Miller to repeat his feat. Miller again tripped the sergeant and disarmed him, this time contemptuously wiping his boot on his officer's shirt and soiling it. The irate instructor cancelled Miller's leave and put him on guard duty, further threatening the other recruits with the same fate for protesting Miller's treatment. However, the recruits protested the ruling with the camp adjutant, who overruled the sergeant, putting him on guard duty instead of Miller.
Soon after, on 19 February 1942, the Japanese launched air raids on Australian soil, targeting the northern city of Darwin. Miller trained at flying schools at Cunderdin, Western Australia and Mallala, South Australia, just north of Adelaide and gained his wings in late 1942. He played only one match during the football season, playing in a combined West Adelaide and Glenelg Football Club team while posted in South Australia. His team lost. On 17 December he returned to Melbourne and was promoted to the rank of flight sergeant. On 15 January 1943, he embarked on the USS "West Point" at Port Melbourne, which was to take him to Europe in readiness for war combat. The journey included a stopover in February at a training camp in Boston in the United States. It was there that Miller met Peg Wagner, his future wife. They were engaged before Miller left for the United Kingdom. He arrived in Scotland on 18 March 1943 and was deployed to the southern English coastal town of Bournemouth. The once-popular tourist resort had been turned into a military centre and was the target of frequent German air raids.
Britain.
Miller continued his training at Bournemouth, spending his spare time pursuing his love of classical music and cricket. Miller had the first of many brushes with death in April, when he was invited to play weekend cricket for a RAAF team in London. While he was away for his first weekend match, the local Bournemouth pub where he ate lunch on Sunday was struck by a German air strike. Miller's weekly lunchmates were all killed. His selection for the RAAF cricket team had saved him. Miller quickly gained a reputation among the servicemen for his carefree batting and bowling. He often bowled without a proper run-up but managed to trouble batsmen with pace and bounce regardless. The RAAF team was officially formed in preparation for the 1943 season and Miller was selected. The captain was flying officer Keith Carmody. Miller played his first match at Lord's, the home of cricket, against Warner's XI, a team that included former England captains Bob Wyatt and Gubby Allen and future Test players Alec and Eric Bedser and Trevor Bailey. Oblivious to authority, Miller pushed a person in the dressing room out of his way before the match started, unaware that it was Warner, the secretary of the Marylebone Cricket Club himself. Warner's XI batted first, and Miller dismissed Wyatt and Allen in taking 2/20 from ten overs as the hosts made 201. Miller came to the crease at the fall of the first wicket and hit consecutive fours off the bowling of Dick Pollard from the Royal Air Force (RAF). The RAAF were bowled out for 100, with Miller top-scoring with 45. In the second innings, he made 21 not out with two sixes as time ran out and the match ended in a draw. In a match for the United Services against Sussex, Miller top-scored with 134 not out in 120 minutes, striking 12 fours and three sixes. He then tore through Sussex with 7/36, breaking through the defences of six players who were bowled or leg before wicket, as his team won by 225 runs. He also played one match for Sussex against the RAF, scoring 11 and taking 3/41.
The RAAF played eight matches for the season, winning four and losing the rest. Miller's top score was 141 in faster-than-even time against Public School Wanderers at Hove. He went on to play for Dominions, a composite team from the British Commonwealth, in a two-day match against England in August, scoring 32 and two and bowling a total of eight overs for 46 runs without taking a wicket. England fielded a team of almost Test standard, with six capped Test players and four others who made their debut immediately after the resumption of international cricket following the war. The match marked the first meeting between Miller and his good friend, England batsman Denis Compton. In their first battle at the crease, Miller aimed a short ball that took off past Compton's shoulder and went for four byes. By the end of his season, Miller's bowling began to attract media attention. He ended the season in a match at Lord's between the airmen: the RAAF against the RAF. Miller took 3/23 and scored 91 in the RAAF's total of 8/164. None of the matches during the 1943 season were accorded first-class status.
By late 1943, Miller has been based at RAF South Cerny in Gloucestershire. One night, he was pulled over by his commanding officer, whom he detested, for not wearing his uniform cap. An altercation resulted, and Miller posed as though he were about to punch his officer. The result was that Miller was charged with insubordination and sentenced to a three-week disciplinary course with hard labour, from 18 October to 9 November. In mid-November he was posted to Ouston near Newcastle-upon-Tyne where he was trained in the use of radar using Anson and Oxford aircraft. During his stay there, Miller was thrown on his back during a wrestling match, sustaining an injury that caused him recurring problems in later years, diminishing his ability to bowl.
In 1944, Miller was again selected for the RAAF team. Near-death experiences and the knowledge that he could be the next to die, changed Miller's outlook to life. An RAAF teammate was killed on a mission soon after hitting a century. In a match against the British Civil Defence Services at Lord's in July, Miller had reached 96 when the an air raid siren signalled the arrival of a German flying bomb. It landed south of the ground and then Miller struck a four to register his ton before another flying bomb crashed close to the ground as he saluted the crowd. In a match against England, which boasted five capped and four future England Test players, Miller scored 85 in 100 minutes. While Miller was at the crease, the RAAF was on track to reach its target but his partners were dismissed around him and the RAAF fell 33 runs short after losing its last seven wickets for 51 runs. He took match figures of 6/28 against the West of England at Bristol, and top-scored in the second innings of a low-scoring match with 14. Miller was also selected for the Dominions match against England, scoring 30 in a drawn encounter. The success of the season, especially Miller and Keith Carmody's attractive batting, prompted Warner to begin planning for a "Test" series between the respective armed services of England and Australia.
After ten months of training, Miller was offered a commission as a pilot officer. His best friend missed out, so he arranged for Flight Lieutenant Keith Johnson an Australian cricket official, to pull some strings, ensuring his friend's promotion. The pair were posted to 12 Advanced Flying Unit in Grantham, Lincolnshire in on 15 August 1944, which was an Operations Training Unit for the purpose of familiarising officers with flying aircraft. However, on a trip back to Ouston to visit their colleagues, a night of drunken revelry led to property damage and injury to another airman. Miller and his friend were charged with eight offences and faced possible expulsion. Luckily for Miller, the Commanding Officer (CO) at his new posting at Cranfield, Buckinghamshire was his old CO at Ouston. Miller was given another three-week disciplinary course, but his pleas convinced the CO to reduce the sentence to a fine for the property damage. Miller was allowed to resume his training in Beauforts, Beaufighters and Mosquitos. Again he had a near miss, when some instruments on his plane failed and he was forced to land his Beaufighter for repairs. After the repairs, another pilot used the plane and the problem recurred. The second pilot crash-landed and was killed. Later, Miller was returning from a training mission over France and misjudged the runway, bouncing his plane on the tarmac. Trying to lift off again, only one engine responded and the unequal power supply caused the plane to swerve, missing the hangar by centimetres. He then escaped death by skipping a social appointment that he had agreed to attend. A V1 rocket hit the venue and killed many of the patrons inside. In October, he went AWOL to watch violinist Yehudi Menuhin perform in London and was dismissed, but the CO revoked his decision on the condition that Miller play for his cricket team.
Officer.
At the end of his officer training, Miller was sent aboard a Royal Navy destroyer as part of an exchange programme between the forces. Miller and a friend reported to the harbour late after a night of socialising and were punished by having to wait for their turn on the second vessel. During a voyage to escort 30 merchant ships to Belgium, the vessel was involved in a battle with a German U-boat, which was sunk. Upon his return to England, Miller was promoted to flying officer on 4 November 1944. Miller was a nervy pilot, with his navigator saying that every landing was "a close shave".
In March 1945, Miller was deployed to the RAF station at Great Massingham in Norfolk, East Anglia. He was assigned to No. 169 Squadron RAF, flying Mosquito fighter-bombers. Miller's squadron took part in missions against Nazi Germany in April and May 1945. They attacked V1 and V2 production sites on the island of Peenemünde in the North Sea with the objective of depleting the Germans' offensive capability. On 19 April, Miller took part in an attack on a German installation at Flensburg in Denmark. The Mosquitoes flew below 300 m in a four-hour trip. In May, his squadron was deployed in Operation Fire Bash, to attack Westerland Airfield on the island of Sylt off the coast of Denmark. The Nazis had 5,000 soldiers, 15,000 sailors and 800 artillery pieces defending it. Over 300 British and American airmen had died in an attempt to capture it. Miller and his colleagues had tanks loaded with napalm, which were to be dropped on the Germans. One of Miller's loads remained dangling from a wing, refusing to drop. He flew back to base with the explosives, and it fell off on landing at the air base. Luckily for Miller, it failed to detonate. However, five of the 24 planes that were involved in the raid were not so lucky, and were shot down. Miller avoided further European missions as bad weather forced the cancellation of additional raids over the next few days, by which time Germany had surrendered. His CO, Neville Reeves, organised for him to fly air force personnel over Germany to view the results of Allied bombing, called "Reeves' Ruhr Tours". On one flight, Reeves was leading a formation of aircraft when Miller broke away from the group and returned to base late. When asked why he had gone separately, Miller said that he wanted to fly over Bonn, the birthplace of Beethoven. He was not disciplined for the incident.
Victory Tests.
The end of the war marked the start of the 1945 cricket season. Miller returned to Lord's and top-scored with 50 for the RAAF against a British Empire XI, as his team opened the season with a six-wicket win. Warner had organised a series of matches between England and Australian servicemen, known as the Victory Tests, to celebrate the end of hostilities. However, Australian cricket administrators would not accredit the three-day matches as official Test matches, arguing that there were not enough Test-level players in the armed services. England were close to full strength, so the AIF and the RAAF teams merged to strengthen their quality. As a result, the Australian Services cricket team was formed under the leadership of Warrant Officer Lindsay Hassett to compete in the Victory Tests. Hassett was the only capped Test player, but six others had first-class experience in Australia. The First Victory Test was at Lord's and was expected to usher in a new post-war era, which it hoped would be more aggressive and attractive. The last Anglo-Australian Test series before the war had featured a large number of draws due to defensive play. England batted first and Miller came on as the fifth bowler. He bowled his Great Massingham pilot colleague Bill Edrich for 45 to end with 1/11, precipitating an English collapse from 4/200 to 267. In reply to England's 267, Miller came to the crease at 3/136 and joined Hassett. Miller gradually progressed, and once Australia had taken the lead, he cut loose. After spending 40 minutes in the 90s, he finished with 105 in 210 minutes, with a straight six. "The Times" opined that his innings was "as good a century as has been seen at Lord's in many a long day". "Wisden" said that he "was always getting runs with the soundness characteristic of most Australians". Harry Altham declared that "a brilliant new star had joined the cluster of the Southern Cross". Australia took a 188-run lead, and reached their second innings target with two balls to spare to win by six wickets despite Miller being run out for only one. He then took 2/2 and made a duck as the RAAF lost to the RAF by 16 runs in a one-day match.
Miller went on to play a two-day match for the RAAF against Lancashire, where his 52 was the only fifty in a low-scoring game. He also took match figures of 2/28. After scoring 30 in an innings victory over Learie Constantine's XI, Miller represented the RAAF against the RAF at Lord's where he top-scored with 63 in 90 minutes. The Second Victory Test was played at Bramall Lane in Sheffield, where the grandstands were damaged by German air raids. Hassett sent the Englishmen into bat. Miller went wicketless. He was run out in the first innings for 17. In the second innings, Miller bowled a fast and hostile spell, hitting Test world record holder Len Hutton in the arm before hitting Cyril Washbrook in the head, provoking an angry crowd reaction, comparing Miller to the "Bodyline" spearhead Harold Larwood. He later removed Washbrook and ended with 2/28. His efforts led to calls for him to start taking his bowling seriously, instead of simply jogging in releasing the ball, especially from former South African representative Bob Crisp. Despite this, Miller fell for eight in the second innings and Australia fell 41 runs short of the target and series was squared.
During June, there was speculation that Miller's squadron would be deployed to Burma to fight against Japan. In the meantime, the airmen continued to practice their flying, Miller earning Reeves' ire by making unauthorised leisure flights. Later, he was ordered to fly tour flights over Germany. Not wanting to do so, Miller lodged bogus reports saying that the Mosquitoes were malfunctioning, causing unnecessary maintenance work. Thus, Reeves ordered Miller to take his plane instead, which caught fire in mid-flight. With one functional engine and no navigator to assist him, Miller came back to the air base and bellylanded. The fuselage and one of the wings was broken off and the plane became engulfed in flames. Miller escaped physical injury, but was shaken by the accident. Again Miller escaped disciplinary action, and was playing sport an hour later.
The next day, Miller headed to Lord's to play for the RAAF against the South of England. Chasing 208, Miller scored an unbeaten 78 in 95 minutes. The Australians were 3/184, well placed to reach the target of 208 when rain washed out the match. He then scored 30 and took 1/14 as the RAAF defeated the Army. In the Third Victory Test at Lord's, despite his efforts in the previous Victory Test, Miller was only Hassett's sixth-choice bowler, coming on when England were 2/100. This time he measured out a run up. Miller struck John Dewes before uprooting his off stump. He then bowled Donald Carr for four and then removed Hutton's off stump. He ended with 3/44 from 18 overs. Miller was bowled for seven in the first innings but was rewarded with the new ball in the second innings. He bowled Dewes for a duck with an outswinger, before bowling Edrich and Pollard to end with 3/42. This left Australia a target of 225 in five hours. Miller came into bat at 3/104 and saw Australia to the target unbeaten on 71. C B Fry opined that Miller's innings was "superbly stroked and directed cover driving of the pace bowling formed the most telling and majestic feature".
In a two-day match against Yorkshire, Miller struck 111 including three sixes when none of the team-mates passed 30. His innings featured strokes from both the front and back foot. The next day, he scored 75 in 83 minutes against Durham and took 2/1 in another win for the RAAF. That was the first of four back-to-back one-dayers for the RAAF; Miller scored two, 23 and nine against Scottish Services, Greenock and Scotland.
In the Fourth Victory Test, again at Lord's, Miller came in at 3/108 and after a slow start, scored another century, taking 170 minutes to reach the mark before being removed for 118. He struck ten fours, all off which were driven. In the second innings, he came to the crease with four wickets down with Australia still in arrears. He scored an unbeaten 35 to ensure that Australia would not collapse further and lose the match. The public reception towards the Victory Tests resulted in an additional fifth match being added to the schedule. To warm up for that match, Miller took 3/95 against the North of England.
In the meantime Japan had surrendered, and No. 169 Squadron was disbanded. Miller had spent around 550 hours in the air with the RAF, to whom his RAAF unit had been seconded. For his active service he received the 1939–45 Star, France and Germany Star, Defence Medal, War Medal 1939–45 and the Australia Service Medal 1939–45.
In the final Fifth Victory Test at Old Trafford, Australia batted first and had collapsed to 4/66 under overcast conditions on a green pitch when Miller came to the crease. Against a swinging and seaming ball, Miller struck 14 from the first over that he faced and went on to finish 77 not out in a display that featured strong cutting and driving as Australia could manage only 173. He took one wicket with the ball but managed only four in the second innings as England won by four wickets to square the series 2–2. Hassett wrote at the end of the series that "This is cricket as it should be...These games have shown that international cricket can be played as between real friends—so let's have no more talk of "war" in cricket". Miller topped the batting averages for the series, with 443 runs at 63.28. His aggregate exceeded that of Hammond and Hutton, who made 369 and 380 respectively. Miller also took 10 wickets at 27.70. Of Miller's batting, Hassett said that "as a strokeplayer he is second to none". his exploits in military teams led some to compare him to Jack Gregory, who had broken into top-flight cricket with his exploits with an AIF team immediately after the First World War.
The last big match of the season was a one-off at Lord's between England and Dominions, a combined team of players from the British Commonwealth. Miller managed 26 in the Dominions' first innings of 307, before coming to the crease at 2/60 in the second innings with England still leading by 80 runs. Miller settled in quickly, hitting his second ball through the covers for four and moved to 49 in 49 minutes. He brought up his half-century by lifting Hollies straight back into the crowd. Three balls later, he hit another ball to the same point. At stumps, he was 61 not out with Dominions at 3/145. The next morning, his partner Martin Donnelly was dismissed and replaced by Dominions captain Learie Constantine. Miller then began his attack, hitting the dual leg spin pairing of Hollies and Wright to all parts of the ground. At one point, all the fielders except for the wicketkeeper and the bowler were on the fence.
He registered his century in 115 minutes, clouting another five balls over the boundary in the morning session. One of Miller's sixes travelled over 170 m in the air to Block Q next to the pavilion. He then aimed a lofted shot over long on from the bowling of Hollies, directly at the pavilion. It was still rising when it narrowly went over the press box and clipped the top of the roof. Test spinner James Langridge was brought on and Miller deposited two drives over the fence in his first over.
In one 35-minute passage of play, he and Constantine added 91 runs, before he departed for 185 from 165 minutes. He had scored a total of 124 runs in 115 minutes of batting in the morning session. Miller had struck a total of 13 fours and seven sixes, prompting Warner to say that in his 60 years of involvement in first-class cricket that he had "never seen such hitting".
The Dominions went on to win by 45 runs in a match described by "Wisden" as "one of the finest ever seen". Commenting of Miller' innings, Robertson-Glasgow said "From the moment he takes guard he plays each ball just that much below its supposed merits that scratches a bowler's pride". The former England player C. B. Fry said that Miller was "a batsman already great...who is likely, later on, to challenge the feats of Australia's champions of the past...Miller has something of the dash and generous abandon that were part of Victor Trumper's charm." Miller had enjoyed his visit to the home of cricket. In eight innings at Lord's for the season, he had scored 568 runs at 94.68 with three centuries. "Wisden" concluded
Miller's carefree attitude on the playing field enchanted spectators and he was a favourite of the English public. Miller attributed this to the fact that sport was trivial in comparison to war. When asked many years later by Michael Parkinson, about pressure on the cricket field, Miller responded with the famous quote: "pressure is a Messerschmitt up your arse, playing cricket is not".
The season ended with a few more matches against various English counties. Miller struck 81 not out in a low-scoring win against Nottinghamshire. In a match against Leveson-Gower's XI, which comprised Test-level England players, Miller struck 71 in just over an hour as the Australians finished at 506 and took an innings victory. Miller's time in England ended on a losing note when he scored a duck and eight and took 2/10 and 2/17 as the Australian Services lost to Surrey by three wickets. In matches that were given first-class status, Miller had score 725 runs at 72.50 for the season, finishing second in the averages and the aggregates. The success of the Australian Services team prompted the Foreign Minister of Australia Doc Evatt to ask the team to stop in India and Ceylon on their return to Australia to play in a fundraising tour for the Red Cross.
Services tour of India.
Miller, the vice-captain of the team, almost missed the trip to India after turning up late for the voyage. The servicemen arrived in Bombay and took a two-day train journey to Lahore to play North Zone. Miller scored 46 in a drawn match. The Australians headed to Delhi, but Miller missed the tour match due to food poisoning. He then led the Australians in a match against West Zone in Bombay with Hassett being rested. Miller top-scored with 106 in a high-scoring draw. In the first match against India at Bombay's Brabourne Stadium, regarded as unofficial Tests, Miller took two wickets: Rusi Modi in the first innings and Abdul Hafeez Kardar in the second. The match ended in a high-scoring draw with Miller unbeaten on 15 as Australia were 1/31 in pursuit of 112 for victory. At this point, with most of the team suffering from dysentery, some of the Australians became disenchanted with the long train journeys across the subcontinent, and tried to ask Hassett and manager Keith Johnson for air travel. When this was rejected, some of the RAAF personnel felt that Hassett should be removed, with Miller as one of the candidates to replace him. With Bradman likely to miss the upcoming tour of New Zealand, the Services captain would be one of the leading candidates to lead Australia. Miller refused to plot against Hassett and the dispute ended when Squadron Leader Stan Sismey arranged for a RAAF plane already in India to transport the team. On the first flight to Calcutta, the squad survived an electrical storm that caused the plane to drop altitude. 
The team was scheduled to play East Zone, but the city was gripped in deadly riots as independence activists agitated against British rule. The match went ahead, but on the first day, thousands of protestors invaded the pitch, interrupting play for an hour. Elsewhere in the city, 23 people were killed. Miller scored only 17 and one, both times dismissed by Chandu Sarwate, and did not bowl. On the final day, Miller's friend Compton, who was playing for East Zone while on deployment with the British Army in India, was nearing a century as his team closed in on victory. The rioters broke through the security presence and invaded the pitch again. The leader of the demonstrators ran up to Compton and said: "Mr Compton, you very good player, but you must stop". In later years, Miller would quote this remark whenever Compton came to the crease in matches featuring both of them. Compton told the rioters to ask Hassett, saying that the Australian skipper controlled proceedings. Hassett smiled at the leader of the irate demonstrators and asked "You wouldn't happen to have a cigarette, would you, old boy?" The rioters calmed down and play resumed. Compton brought up his century with the winning runs. In 2005, the ECB and Cricket Australia decided that the player adjudged the Player of the Series in the Ashes would be awarded the Compton-Miller Medal, recognising their friendship and rivalry.
In the second match against India, the Australians were 2/250 in response to India's 386 when Miller came in and hit Vinoo Mankad for four sixes from five balls, before falling to the said bowler for 82. The match ended in a draw, with Miller not taking a wicket after aggravating an injury. Captaining the team, Miller took 3/19 and 1/8 in a match against South Zone in Madras, the Australians' only win on Indian soil. However, he had a difficult time with the bat, falling twice to Ghulam Ahmed for a duck and eight. He failed with the bat in the third and final match against India, falling twice to Shute Banerjee for two and seven, but he took 2/60 in the first innings as India took the series 1–0. Miller had a disappointing series in the international matches, with 107 runs at 26.25 and four wickets at 40.50. Australia's final match was in Colombo against an All Ceylon team. Miller scored 132 and took 2/37 as Australia won by an innings. Not wanting to wait a month for the next boat and a fortnight's sea voyage, the Australians returned to Perth by hitching a ride on a B-24 Liberator. The pilot of the RAAF plane had already promised 14 friends a lift so that they would not be stuck in India for another six months, so the Australian team sat on the floor of the aircraft. They made it back to Australia despite suffering engine trouble and an overloaded plane.
Services matches in Australia.
Upon returning to Australia, Hassett's men were informed by the military and the Australian Board of Control that the Services were to play a further six first-class matches against the state teams. Miller was tired but the fixtures were meant to revive cricket following the war and were also used as a lead-up to the international tour to New Zealand in March 1946.
Miler started his campaign for Test selection when the servicemen arrived in Perth and played their first match against Western Australia. Miller put in his best batting performance of the season with an 80 in a drawn match, before being rested in the match against South Australia at the Adelaide Oval, which again ended in a draw. Miller finally returned to his home town on 2 January 1946 and was reunited with family and friends before taking on Victoria. Miller top-scored in both innings with 37 and 59 as the military men fell to an innings defeat, troubled by the off spin of Ian Johnson. Miller and the servicemen had another difficult time against New South Wales, as their opponents made 7/551 and Miller went wicketless. Miller faced his biggest challenge in Australian conditions in his quest for Test selection when he went out to bat. The Australian selectors had not been in England for the Victory Tests to witness his ability and Miller had not played to his potential on Australian soil. Local Australian opinion was that because the Services had played poorly in Australia, their achievements in England must have been against poor opposition.
He was pitted against Bill O'Reilly, the leg spinner regarded as the best bowler in the world, and Ray Lindwall, an emerging bowler of express pace, the fastest in Australia. Miller accumulated slowly and was on 74 as Services limped to 9/171. Services had no batsmen left with one man injured and retired hurt, so O'Reilly allowed the twelfth man to bat, in order to give Miller a chance of making a century. Miller attacked and scored 31 of the last 33 runs, ending with an unbeaten 105, with 11 fours in 172 minutes. He earned plaudits among cricket pundits on Australian soil. Former leading Test batsman Alan Kippax opined that "Australia has unearthed a new champion", claiming that he was finer than Jack Gregory and saying that "few batsmen I have watched have had his ability to blend beauty and power". O'Reilly said that Miller's century was "one of the best hundreds ever got against me". Miller compiled 46 in the second innings before being bowled by O'Reilly as the Servicemen fell to another innings defeat. Miller finished the season with 2/74 and 4/49 in a drawn match against Queensland and a pair of fifties in a drawn match against Tasmania. Miller ended the season with 463 runs at 57.88 and six wickets at 31.83.
Miller was selected for Australia's tour of New Zealand, and made his Test debut there. Upon returning to Australia, he was discharged from the RAAF on 26 June 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="18325038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325038" title="Limes Porolissensis">
Limes Porolissensis

Located on Roman province of Dacia, present day Romania, Limes Porolissensis was a defensive line organized on 2nd century AD after the Conquest of Dacia, having observations towers, short cut-off walls fortifications, integrating the following castra:

</doc>
<doc id="18325039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325039" title="251 series">
251 series

The is a DC electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) on Tōkaidō Line "Super View Odoriko" limited express services in Japan since April 1990.
Operations.
The 251 series sets are primarily used on "Super View Odoriko" limited express services from , , and to .
Since the 13 March 2004 timetable revision, 251 series sets are also used on the weekday morning "Ohayō Liner Shinjuku 26" and weekday evening "Home Liner Odawara 23" services.
Formation.
The four sets, numbered RE1 to RE4 and based at Tamachi Depot in Tokyo, are formed as follows, with car 1 at the Izukyū-Shimoda end, and car 10 at the Tokyo and Shinjuku end.
Cars 4, 6, and 8 are each fitted with one PS27 scissors type pantograph.
History.
Built by Kawasaki Heavy Industries and Kinki Sharyo, the first two sets were introduced from 28 April 1990. These were followed by two more sets in 1992.
The 251 series was awarded the 1991 Laurel Prize, presented annually by the Japan Railfan Club. A formal presentation ceremony was held at Shinagawa Station in Tokyo on 1 March 1992.
The fleet underwent a programme of refurbishment between December 2002 and March 2004, which included the addition of new seating, and repainting the sets into a new colour scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="18325085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325085" title="JAML">
JAML

JAML or Junctional Adhesion Molecule-Like, or AMICA1 is a JAM transmembrane protein family member. It is composed of two extracellular immunoglobulin-like domains, a membrane-spanning region, and a cytoplasmic tail involved in activation signaling. A known ligand of JAML is Coxsackie virus and Adenovirus Receptor (CXADR in humans and CAR in mice) which has been shown to localize to the tight junctions of epithelial cells.
JAML-mediated activation of CAR is required for neutrophil extravasation in addition to other leukocyte/epithelial cell interaction models.
Other members of the JAM family of transmembrane proteins include JAM1, JAM2 and JAM3.

</doc>
<doc id="18325096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325096" title="Peter Blum">
Peter Blum

Peter Emil Julius Blum (born 4 May 1925, Trieste, Kingdom of Italy – died 5 December 1990, London, England, UK) was a poet. He arrived in South Africa as a child. At this time, he was already able to speak several languages, among others German and Italian. (Kannemeyer: 1993)
After studying literature at the University of Cape Town and at the University of Stellenbosch, he took up a position as a librarian in Cape Town and, later, in Kroonstad in the Free State. Blum married Henrietta Cecilia Smit, an art teacher, in 1955.
His success as a poet was first affirmed in 1956 when he won the Reina Prinsen Geerligs Prize for his volume "Steenbok tot poolsee" (the title being a reference to the Tropic of Capricorn and the southern Antarctic Ocean, relating to the geographical location of South and Southern Africa). (Kannemeyer: 1983) 
Blum was twice denied South African citizenship. Kannemeyer (1993) speculates that citizenship was denied because of Blum's vociferous opposition to the Nationalist government's Apartheid policies. Bitter about the fact that his adopted homeland had rejected him, Blum and his wife left South Africa and settled with his wife in the suburb of Hounslow in London. (Kannemeyer: 1993). He died in London on 5 December 1990, aged 65.

</doc>
<doc id="18325098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325098" title="Henry Rutter">
Henry Rutter

Henry Rutter (real name Banister) (26 February 1755 – 17 September 1838 near Dodding Green, Westmoreland) was an English Roman Catholic priest. He took part in the controversy over Robert Southey's "Book of the Church", (1824), in which Charles Butler was the Catholic protagonist.
Life.
He was the son of Adam Banister of Hesketh Bank and Agnes, daughter of Richard Butler, of Mawdesley, Lancashire. On 26 September 1768, he went to Douai College, where he found his uncle, Rev. Robert Banister. In May, 1781, he became professor at St. Omer's College for the secular clergy.
On the English mission, he served several places in the north before his appointment in 1817 to Yealand, Lancashire, where he remained till January 1834. The rest of his life was spent at Dodding Green.
Works.
Rutter's other works, chiefly scriptural exegeses and devotional translations, are enumerated and described by Joseph Gillow.

</doc>
<doc id="18325099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325099" title="Employee democracy">
Employee democracy

Employee democracy is a term initiated by Dean Adams Curtis to combine the concept of the employee-owned corporation with the ideas underpinning workplace democracy, industrial democracy, as well as worker self-management and the co-determination laws of countries like Germany.
When a bipartisan consensus in Congress and the White House initially created employee stock ownership plans they decided not to include an employee right to vote the stock they would own in the plans. At the time of the ESOP law and ever since, advocates have pointed out that by not "passing through" stock voting rights to employees who are in ESOP plans they are denying employee owners the right traditional stock owners are entitled to.
There have been attempts by Congress to correct the omission of voting rights from the original law, for example the The Employee Ownership Act of 1999 (H.R. 1462) that would have allowed employees to own at least 50% of all voting stock in an Employee Owned and Controlled Corporation (EOCC). Also, employees in EOCCs would have been allowed to vote on all corporate issues, including board elections, while keeping all the benefits of ESOP plans.
The 36 co-sponsors of this bill in the House proves once again that "employee democracy" has broad support from people from all points on the political spectrum. Included as co-sponsors were Dennis Kucinich (D-OH), Harold Ford, Jr. (D-TN), Collin Clark Peterson (D-MN), Mary Bono (R-CA), Gary Miller (R-CA), Lindsey Graham (R-SC) and current Republican presidential candidates Ron Paul of Texas and Tom Tancredo of Colorado.
During work on his masters in business administration, Dean Adams Curtis surveyed all the available worldwide literature on employee ownership and employee participation in self-management, focusing on the impact these ownership and management structures had on employee productivity. He discovered that neither model, i.e. ownership only, or participation only, consistently delivered dramatic productivity increases.
However, Curtis found that in organizations which combined both the ownership and self-management models, companies he labeled "employee democracies," impressive productivity increases were the norm.
During his studies, Curtis maintained active communication and correspondence with Corey Rosen, who headed the National Center for Employee Ownership, and also with the leadership of The Workplace Democracy Institute. These two organizations often held joint conferences. At one such conference, Curtis proposed that the two organizations be merged to advocate for the employee democracy.
Subsequently, Dean Adams Curtis led a movement for employee democracy at the Hughes Aircraft Company, which was then the crown jewel of the United States military-industrial-complex. Hughes Aircraft was owned by the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) after being donated to the institute by Howard Hughes, who by the time of the employee democracy movement had been deceased for several years. The Hughes Employee Democracy Association that Curtis founded was joined by hundreds of Hughes Aircraft employees and was supported by a legal team including former Hughes corporate attorneys and Alan Morrison, a law professor at Harvard and head of the Public Citizen Litigation Group.
Curtis' concept was to utilize employee democracy make one of the most prolific and successful high technology corporations in the United States even more productive, and thus more profitable, for the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and its employee owners. Instead, General Motors purchased the company from HHMI in exchange for GM stock. Over the years since, GM has sold the various pieces of Hughes Aircraft (satellite manufacturing, electro-optics, radar systems, ground systems, and missile systems) to companies such as Boeing, which merging the Hughes Aircraft research laboratories into GM Delco Electronics.
In 1991, Curtis ran for the Democratic Party's nomination for President of the United States. He called for every public traded company in the United States to be evolved into employee democracies. "The reason I believe this is justifiable," Curtis explained in one nationally televised speech, "Is because we (employees) already own a third of the stock, soon to be half the stock, in this country through employee retirement plans."
Curtis noted to journalists and voters that instead of bank trust departments who manage retirement plans having the right to vote all the stock of all the companies they own for the retirement of America's employees, that the employees of each public traded company should be allowed "to have democratic elections every year for a third of the board of directors seats." Curtis won a handful of local Democratic Party delegates at various caucuses in Iowa in early 1992, then won more votes than half the roster of Democrats in New Hampshire that same year. Having not developed enough momentum to continue his employee democracy campaign, he withdrew from the race and threw his support behind Bill Clinton.
Curtis continues to call attention to the fact that the large majority of employee ownership companies do not provide for employee elections of the board. In those that do, the research shows, with few exceptions, that employees do not use that influence to make significant changes in corporate policy. It is much more common for employee ownership companies to provide for substantial employee involvement in work-level decisions, often through various kinds of teams.
There is no data to show whether decision-making in these companies is slower or faster (and many more decisions are now localized to employee teams). But the data does show that companies that combine employee ownership with a high degree of employee involvement at the job level actually grow 6% to 11% faster per year than would have otherwise been expected (see "Equity: Why Employee Ownership is Good for Business", Harvard Business School Press, 2005, for a summary, or go to www.nceo.org to look at summaries of all the studies on employee ownership and corporate performance).
There are several rationales for employee-owned corporations in the U.S. First, there are substantial tax benefits for employee ownership companies. Employee stock ownership plans (ESOPs) are set up by companies as a kind of employee benefit trust. An ESOP is a type of employee benefit plan designed to invest primarily in employer stock. To establish an ESOP, a firm sets up a trust and makes tax-deductible contributions to it. All full-time employees with a year or more of service are normally included. The ESOP can be funded through tax-deductible corporate contributions to the ESOP. Discretionary annual cash contributions are deductible for up to 25% of the pay of plan participants and are used to buy shares from selling owners. Alternatively, the ESOP can borrow money to buy shares, with the company making tax-deductible contributions to the plan to enable it to repay the loan. Contributions to repay principal are deductible for up to 25% of the payroll of plan participants; interest is always deductible. Dividends can be paid to the ESOP to increase this amount over 25%. Sellers to an ESOP in a closely held company can defer taxation on the proceeds by reinvesting in other securities. In S corporations, to the extent the ESOP owns shares, that percentage of the company's profits are not taxed: 100% ESOPs pay no federal income tax. Employees do not pay taxes on the contributions until they receive a distribution from the plan when they leave the company; even then they can roll the amount over into an IRA.
Stock acquired by the ESOP is allocated to accounts for individual employees based on relative pay or some more equal formula. Accounts vest over time, usually following one of two formulas: in the first, vesting starts at two years and completes at six; in the second, participants become 100% vested after four years. When employees leave the company, they receive their vested ESOP shares, which the company or the ESOP buys back at an appraised fair market value. ESOP participants must be allowed to vote their allocated shares at least on major issues, such as closing or selling the company, but are not required to be able to vote on other issues, such as choosing the board.
Employees also can acquire stock through grants of stock options, the right to buy shares at a price set today for a defined number of years into the future. There are no special tax benefit associated with most forms of stock options, however. Employees can also become owners by purchasing shares in a stock purchase program, usually at a discount, by buying stock in their 401(k) savings plans, or by companies making matches of company stock to employee deferrals into these plans. Stock in 401(k) plans can be bought with pretax income, while company contributions are tax-deductible.
Altogether, there are about 11,500 ESOPs covering 11 million employees, almost all in closely held companies. The other forms of ownership generally occur in public companies, and another estimated 15 million employees participate in one or more of these plans (see data from the National Center for Employee Ownership).
Studies in Massachusetts, Ohio, and Washington state show that, on average, employees participating in the main form of employee ownership, employee stock ownership plans (ESOPs), have considerably more in retirement assets than comparable employees in non-ESOP firms. The most comprehensive of the studies, a report on all ESOP firms in Washington state, found that the retirement assets were about three times as great, and the diversified portion of employee retirement plans was about the same as the total retirement assets of comparable employees in equivalent non-ESOP firms.
Wages in ESOP firms were also 5% to 12% higher. National data from Joseph Blasi and Douglas Kruse at Rutgers shows that ESOP companies are more successful than comparable firms and, perhaps as a result, were more likely to offer additional diversified retirement plans alongside their ESOPs. The data is also available at www.nceo.org.
Employee ownership in 401(k) plans, however, is more problematic. About 17% of total 401(k) assets are invested in company stock—more in those companies that offer it as an option (although many do not). This may be an excessive concentration in a plan specifically meant to be for retirement security.
In contrast, it may not be a serious problem for an ESOP or other options, which are meant as wealth building tools, preferably to exist alongside other plans. Detailed data on 401(k) plan investments are available at www.ebri.org, the home page of the Employee Benefit Research Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="18325105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325105" title="Balozi i Zi">
Balozi i Zi

Baloz is a term in Albanian folklore especially within the Albanian Songs of the Frontier Warriors, that refers to a barbarian knight coming from the north. Mostly of Slavic origin, in the medieval times they used to continuously slaughter the villagers, burn the villages and devastate land.
Literally, the word seems to have originated from the Turkish word "balyoz" meaning "hammer", probably due to the hammers of war the baloz carried.
Baloz (as a character) has been found in many Albanian myths and legends about fighting against the Albanian nobles such as: Muji, Halili, Gjergj Elez Alia and Constantin.
Detailed descriptions have been found in a collection of Albanian myths named "Ancient Albanian Tales" () collected and rewritten by Dhimitër Pasko.

</doc>
<doc id="18325129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325129" title="Boulevard Auguste-Blanqui">
Boulevard Auguste-Blanqui

The Boulevard Auguste-Blanqui is a boulevard in the 13th arrondissement of Paris. It is one of the main arteries linking the Place d'Italie with the Place Denfert-Rochereau.
The boulevard is 1040 metres long, and approximately 70 metres wide, it starts from the Place d'Italie and extends to Rue de la Santé, on the edge of the 14e arrondissement, where it becomes the Boulevard Saint-Jacques. It traverses the ancient valley of the Bièvre.
The boulevard is named after the French thinker and socialist revolutionary Louis Auguste Blanqui (1805–1881).
History.
The boulevard occupies the site of the ancient Wall of the Farmers-General. Originally, the roadways ran alongside the wall, which was knocked down in the 1860s.
Their former names were :

</doc>
<doc id="18325134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325134" title="Limes Moesiae">
Limes Moesiae

Limes Moesiae was a Roman-built system of fortifications consisting of three lines of defense, between the Black Sea shore and the Danube. Additionally, in Wallachia there were other two lines of defense: the Constantine Wall and the Limes Transalutanus.
Characteristics.
The Limes Moesiae, near the Danube delta, probably was built initially during Trajan times. Between the 2nd and the 3rd century was increased and abandoned.
It seems it was used by non-Roman kingdoms after the 5th/6th century and partially rebuilt and increased
It consists of three sections:
These three sections consist of earth ditchs, three meters high and two meters wide, and are very similar to the dykes between Roman Britain and Wales (like Wat's Dyke).
Near the Limes Moesiae there are two other limes related to the defense of Moesia (and Roman Dacia):
History.
The historian Theodor Mommsen wrote that at the mouth of the Dniester river there was the old Greek city of "Tyras", which was "annexed to the province of Moesia" by emperor Nero in 56 AD. There exists a series of its coins with heads of emperors from Domitian to Alexander Severus, showing that Romans were present in this area until the 4th century.
Mommsen even wrote that "Moldavia and the south half of Bessarabia as well as the whole of Wallachia were incorporated in the Roman Empire".
All these facts confirm the creation of defensive earth dykes in order to defend these new territories of the Roman Empire. Furthermore, Mommsen wrote, "Bessarabia is intersected by a double barrier-line which, running from the Pruth to the Dniester, ends at Tyra and appears to proceeds from the Romans".
Full military occupation of the plain between the Carpathian foothills and the Danube may already have occurred
by the end of Trajan’s first Dacian War (101/102). The majority of forts here, however, were established after the
final conquest of the Dacian kingdom in 106 AD.
The abandonment of Moldova and the creation of the so-called Limes Transalutanus fortification-line can both be tentatively dated to the reign of Hadrian. Despite claims to the contrary, the Roman abandonment of Dacia probably occurred during the reign of Gallienus (260-68), before the traditional date of around 275 when Aurelian established the new province of Dacia south of the Danube (Cătăniciu 1981,
53-55).
In the Late Roman period, the extent of control and military occupation over territory north of the Danube remains controversial. One Roman fort ("Pietroasa de Jos"), well beyond the Danubian Limes and near actual Moldovia, would seem to have been occupied in the 4th century AD, as were bridge-head forts (Sucidava, Barboşi, and the unlocated Constantiniana Daphne) along the left bank of the river. In this Roman fort, built by Constantine I, researchers have found even a thermae building in the 1980s.
But the earth bank and ditch, known as the "Brazda lui Novac de Nord" (or "Constantine Wall"), though later than the Limes Transalutanus and often regarded as being of Late Roman date, remained problematic until recent excavatrions indicated without doubt it was done by emperor Constantine around 330 AD. Constantine made this Wall in Wallachia at the same time of the "Devil's Dykes" (or "Limes Sarmatiae"), a series of defensive earthen ramparts-and-ditches, built by the Romans between Romania and the Pannonian plains.
Similarly, although considered 1st century and believed to predate the Limes Transalutanus, the function and
origins of a shorter section of bank and ditch known as the "Brazda lui Novac de Sud" remain uncertain. The absence of any evidence for Late Roman forts or settlements along its course and south of it rather suggests a later, probably medieval, date.
The fortification line erected by the king of the Thervings Athanaric, between the banks of river Gerasius (modern Prut) and the Danube to the land of Taifali (modern Oltenia), probably reused the old roman "limes" called Limes Transalutanus
Controversy.
There it is a controversy over the historical perspective of who built the earth dykes: the Romans, the Byzantines or others:

</doc>
<doc id="18325136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325136" title="Chiaroscuro (comics)">
Chiaroscuro (comics)

Chiaroscuro, in comics, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18325153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325153" title="South Oakleigh Secondary College">
South Oakleigh Secondary College

South Oakleigh Secondary College is a Victorian state co-educational secondary college located on Bakers Road, in the suburb of Oakleigh South, Victoria, in south eastern Melbourne, Australia.
Curriculum.
Languages.
South Oakleigh Secondary College offers 2 languages, Japanese and Greek as part of its curriculum.
For students in year 7 and 8, it is compulsory to learn a language.

</doc>
<doc id="18325173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325173" title="Keith Miller with the Australian cricket team in England in 1948">
Keith Miller with the Australian cricket team in England in 1948

Keith Miller was a key member of Donald Bradman's famous Australian cricket team, which toured England in 1948 and went undefeated in its 34 matches. This unprecedented feat by a Test side touring England earned the Australians the sobriquet "The Invincibles".
Miller played as a right-arm opening fast bowler and a right-handed middle-order batsman. Along with Ray Lindwall, he formed Australia's first-choice pace duo, a combination regarded as one of the best of all time. Bradman typically used the pair in short and intense bursts against the English batsmen with the new ball. England had agreed to make a new ball available every 55 overs, more often than usual, allowing the pair more frequent use of a shiny ball that swung at high pace. Miller was also a skillful slips fielder, regarded by his captain as the best in the world.
Miller took 13 wickets at an average of 26.28 and scored 184 runs in the Tests at an average of 23.15, and played a key role in subduing England's leading batsmen, Len Hutton and Denis Compton, with a barrage of short-pitched bowling. He troubled Hutton to such an extent in the Tests and tour matches that the batsman was dropped for the Third Test. In the First Test, Miller took seven wickets, including Hutton and Compton twice, bearing a large part of the bowling workload after Lindwall broke down with a groin injury on the first day. In the Second Test at Lord's, he scored 74 in the second innings to help bat England out of the match. Miller also scored a rapid 58 in the Fourth Test, featuring in a counter-attacking partnership with Neil Harvey that helped Australia to regain the momentum; they went on to win in the closing minutes of the final day.
In all first-class matches, Miller scored 1,088 runs at 47.30 and took 56 wickets at 17.58. Bradman gave him a lighter bowling workload during the tour matches to keep him fresh for the key battles in the Tests. Miller played many of his more carefree innings in the tour matches, hitting many sixes. He also showed his disdain for Bradman's obsession with annihilating the opposition. In one match against Essex, he deliberately let himself be bowled first ball to protest against Australia's ruthless dismantling of the bowling; the tourists set a world record for the most runs scored in a day of first-class cricket (721).
Miller's charisma—coupled with the unprecedented popularity of the Australians—made him much sought after for social events. His friendship with Princess Margaret was particularly scrutinised by the media.
Background.
Miller had played for Australia in every Test match since the resumption of major cricket following the end of World War II. He had been a specialist batsman at the start of the war, but emerged as a frontline fast bowler during the Victory Tests of 1945. He made his official Test debut against New Zealand in early 1946. Since the Test series against England during the 1946–47 Australian summer, he had opened the bowling with Ray Lindwall, as well as playing as a frontline batsman, usually at No. 5. Miller had played a leading role in Australia's 3–0 victory over the hosts in that series. He finished at the top of the Australian Test bowling averages with 16 wickets at 20.88, and was second in the batting averages, scoring 384 runs at 76.80. In particular, his pace and intimidating bouncers had caused much trouble for England's leading batsmen Len Hutton and Denis Compton, whom he would confront again in 1948. During that series, he dismissed Hutton thrice and took the wicket of his opening partner Cyril Washbrook twice. Apart from scoring his maiden Test century in the series, Miller also hit three scores over 150 for his state, Victoria, all at high pace with many long-distance shots.
Miller had a light workload in the 1947–48 home Test series against India. He was not required a great deal, as India were well beaten 4–0, three times by an innings, and his teammates often finished off the opposition before he had an opportunity, particularly with the bat. He was required to bat just once in each Test, accumulating 185 runs at 37.00, including two half-centuries. His bowling duties were also light; 72 overs yielded nine wickets at 24.78. Both Lindwall and Miller were selected by captain Donald Bradman and his fellow selectors for the 1948 tour of England as the intended new ball pairing.
Early tour.
Along with his teammates, Miller arrived in Southampton in April after a sea voyage from Australia aboard the "SS Strathaird". As was the custom, Australia fielded its first-choice team in the traditional tour opener against Worcestershire. Miller was duly selected and started the "Invincibles" tour strongly. He scored a hard-hitting 50 not out, with five fours and a six, after coming in to bat at No. 9. His innings was the fastest for the match in terms of runs per minute. He bowled a total of 20 overs for match figures of 1/54 as Australia completed an innings victory. His first wicket for the summer was that of opposing captain Allan White.
The tour opener was immediately followed by a game against Leicestershire, and this time, Miller was promoted to No. 3. At the fall of the first wicket, the crowd surged towards the players' gate, expecting Bradman to enter in his customary batting position. However, Miller emerged instead, and scored an unbeaten 202 in five and a half hours. He featured in a 111-run second wicket partnership with Sid Barnes, before putting on 159 with Bradman for the third wicket. The hosts compounded their troubles by dropping a trio of chances from Miller. After a late-order collapse, in which no other batsman passed 12, it was left to last man Bill Johnston to partner Miller from 180 onwards. The pair put on 37 for the tenth wicket before Johnston was out for 12, having successfully shepherded his partner to a double century. One of Miller's sixes concussed a spectator, and after his long innings, Bradman did not use his bowling in the first innings, but he was used late in the second innings to take the last two wickets and end with 2/10. Australia completed another innings triumph.
The next match against Yorkshire pitted Australia against Hutton; it was thus an opportunity for both parties to gain a psychological advantage before the Tests. Bowling medium-paced off breaks, Miller removed Hutton for five after the Yorkshireman had struggled for an hour in the middle. He finished with 6/42 as the home team were rolled for 71 on a wet wicket in cold and blustery conditions. Miller took four of the last six wickets as the hosts fell from 4/45 to 71 and had bowled almost unchanged, sending down 23.3 of the 54.3 overs. In reply, Australia struggled to reach 101, including a counter-attacking 34 from Miller, which was the highest individual score for the low-scoring match. He came to the crease at 4/38 and scored 34 of the next 48 runs added, before falling at 7/86. He hit two sixes in his innings, including one from the first ball that he faced. He then took 3/49 in the second innings as Yorkshire fell for 89 to leave Australia a victory target of 60. However, he was dismissed for two, caught at long off after attempting to hit a six from the spin of Johnny Wardle to leave the score at 3/13. Australia’s batsmen continued to struggle and fell to 6/31—effectively seven wickets down with Sam Loxton injured and unable to bat—before stumbling home without further loss. It was the closest the Australians came to defeat for the whole tour and Miller was instrumental in preserving their unbeaten record.
After three consecutive three-day matches, with only one rest day between nine scheduled days of cricket, Bradman rested Miller for the next match against Surrey at The Oval, which Australia won by an innings. He returned to take seven wickets in the next fixture against Cambridge University. In the first innings, he resumed his battle with John Dewes, whom he had tormented during the Victory Tests in 1945. This time, Dewes put a thick towel under his shirt for protection against an anticipated short-pitched barrage. Miller set up Dewes with a short ball, before yorking him. He then took the last three wickets to end with 5/46 as the hosts were bowled out for 167 in the first innings. Miller was not required to bat as Australia amassed 4/414 declared in its only effort with the bat. In the second innings, he took 2/29 as Australia completed an innings victory.
Miller was involved in a famous incident in the next match against Essex. Australia elected to bat and had already amassed 2/364 when he came to the crease midway through the first day. The previous partnership for the second wicket between Bradman and Bill Brown had plundered 219 runs from the Essex bowlers in 90 minutes. Miller took guard and deliberately let the first ball from Trevor Bailey hit the stumps, much to Bradman's displeasure. He flicked his hair back and walked away. He later said that he was making a protest against the one-sided nature of the contest, as Australia went on to set a world record of 721 runs, the most in one day of first-class cricket. Former Australian Test batsman Jack Fingleton said "under the circumstances at Southend, I could well understand his [Miller’s] feelings". Miller regained his competitive instinct when given the ball in the first innings, taking the first three wickets to reduce the hosts to 3/13. He ended with 3/14 as the hosts were skittled for 83, but then bowled only two wicketless overs as Bradman enforced the follow on; Australia won by an innings and 451 runs, its largest winning margin for the season. Bradman rested Miller for the next game against Oxford University, which Australia won by an innings.
In the lead-up to the Tests, Australia took on the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) at Lord's; it was effectively a dress rehearsal for the Tests, as the MCC fielded seven players who would represent England in the Ashes. It was Miller's first match at the home of cricket since the Victory Tests. Bradman’s men batted first and Miller came to the crease at 3/200 to join Lindsay Hassett. The pair put on 80 for the fourth wicket before Hassett fell for 51. Brown then partnered Miller for another 63 runs before he was out. Ian Johnson then came in and accompanied Miller to the close of play on the first evening. The latter reached his century in 165 minutes and was 114 at stumps, with Australia at 5/407. The next day, the partnership extended to 155 runs before Miller fell at 6/498. His innings had taken 250 minutes, with 20 fours and three sixes. The Australians attempted to gain a psychological advantage ahead of the Tests by attacking the off spin of Jim Laker. They hit nine sixes from the Englishman on the second morning. Miller's dismissal triggered a collapse and Australia lost 5/54 to be all out for 552. Miller and Lindwall then attempted to maintain their ascendancy over Hutton before the Tests. On this occasion, Hutton held off the pair with 52 and 64, but his teammates could not, as the MCC fell to defeat by an innings and 158 runs. However, Miller was able to account for Bill Edrich and twice claimed Jack Robertson, ending with figures of 3/28 and 1/37 as Australia enforced the follow on. Test batsman Edrich had been prolific in recent English seasons, and was expected to be one of the key batsmen in the forthcoming Anglo-Australian match; Robertson was thought to be in contention for England selection but two low scores against Miller saw him overlooked. In addition to his performance on the field, Miller solved some off-field problems. The MCC—which administered cricket at the time—provided him with legal assistance in his contract dispute with Rawtenstall. The Australian all-rounder had signed a contract to play for the club in the Lancashire League, but failed to honour it. Rawtenstall dropped the dispute after being offered compensation.
Miller was rested for the next match against Lancashire, which resulted in Australia's first non-victory for the tour after the first day was lost to rain. He returned against Nottinghamshire and scored 51 of Australia's total of 400. His wicket prompted the loss of 5/45 as the tourists were bowled out. Miller took a wicket in each innings, including that of Test batsman Reg Simpson, to end with a total of 2/67 as Australia drew its second consecutive match. The next match against Hampshire saw Australia run into difficulty with Bradman resting under the rotation policy. Miller bowled 19 overs without reward, taking 0/39 as Hampshire batted first and scored 195. In reply, Australia was in trouble after rain turned the pitch into a sticky wicket. Miller came in at 2/38 and launched a counter-attack, scoring 39 of the 53 runs added before he fell with the score at 5/91. The remainder of the Australians folded quickly, losing 6/26 to be all out for 117, ceding a first innings lead of 78, the first time during the tour that they had been behind on the first innings. Miller's top score of 39 included three consecutive sixes from the bowling of Charlie Knott, whose bowling troubled the Australians the most and ended with 5/57. He helped ensure that they did not capitalise on their lead and set a large target, taking 5/25 and bowling three of his victims. The tourists dismissed Hampshire for 103, leaving a target of 182, which Australia achieved with eight wickets to spare without Miller having to bat. He was rested for the match against Sussex at Hove, after six consecutive days of cricket. In its last match before the Tests, Australia completed an innings victory in just two days.
First Test.
Leading into the Tests, Fingleton speculated that the English batsmen would have great difficulty against Miller and Lindwall, claiming that their prolific scoring against low-quality bowling in county cricket would hinder their ability to adapt to the demands of facing world-class opposition. Miller set the tone for Australia after England won the toss and batted first on the opening morning of the First Test at Trent Bridge. There had been overnight rain, which meant that the pitch would initially be favourable towards fast bowlers. Opening the bowling with Lindwall, he induced an edge from Washbrook in his first over, but it went to ground. In his second over, Miller bowled Hutton with a faster ball, leaving England at 1/9. In his second over, Miller bowled Hutton for three with a faster ball that skidded off the pitch to leave England at 9/1. The ball went between bat and pads as Hutton moved forward onto his front foot. The journalist and former Australian Test leg spinner Bill O'Reilly criticised Hutton for not moving his leg across to the pitch of the ball, thereby leaving a gap between bat and pad, but also praise Miller for his ability to make occasional deliveries skid on faster, surprising the batsman.
Miller beat Washbrook's bat twice in one over soon after lunch, but was unable to extract an edge. Miller then had a hand in another wicket, when Johnston removed Joe Hardstaff junior for a duck. Johnston induced an edge, which flew to the slips after the batsman had attempted a cut; the catch was described by "Wisden" as "dazzling". Miller dived and balanced himself on his spine, before catching the ball to leave England at 4/46. Two runs later, he bowled Compton, who was attempting a leg sweep. The batsman’s leg stump was knocked out of the ground as he moved across the stumps. As a result, half the English team were out with only 48 runs on the board after 100 minutes of play. England fell to 8/74, but recovered with an 89-run ninth-wicket partnership between Alec Bedser and Laker. Miller ended the innings by removing Laker—caught behind for 63—leaving England all out for 165. The paceman ended with 3/38 from 19 overs.
On the second day, Miller came in at 2/121 and was dismissed for a duck without further addition to Australia's total. He failed to pick Laker's arm ball, which went straight on instead of turning in, clipped the outside edge and was taken at slip by Edrich. The hard-hitting Miller had come in at No. 4, a position usually occupied by vice-captain Lindsay Hassett, a more sedate batsman, indicating that Bradman may have been looking to attack, but the change in batting order failed.
After Australia finished at 509 on the third day to take a 344-run lead, Miller opened the bowling with Johnston, as Lindwall had broken down in the first innings and was unable to take to the field. Miller removed Washbrook for one, caught behind by Tallon from a top-edged hook shot. Washbrook was displeased with the decision and gestured to a red mark on his shirt, indicating his opinion that the ball did not touch the willow, but made a noise upon brushing his clothing. Miller continued his battle with Hutton and Compton, although he resorted to bowling off spin from a shorter run to conserve energy late in the day.
Hutton then hit three fours in quick succession from Miller’s bowling to reach his fifty. The paceman responded to the spate of boundaries by reverting to pace and bowling a series of bouncers, including five in the last over of the day. One of these struck Hutton high on his left (front) arm. The batsmen survived, but the bowler received a hostile reaction from the crowd throughout his barrage of short-pitched bowling, including shouts of "Bodyline". At the time, bowlers of the pace of Lindwall and Miller were rare, and persistently aiming at the upper bodies of batsmen had not yet become a mainstream practice. However, as only Australia possessed international quality bowlers of such pace, opposition teams could not use retaliation as a means of deterrence. In addition, the original practitioners of Bodyline, Harold Larwood and Bill Voce, were both from Nottinghamshire, and were later excluded from Test selection for England after being blamed for the ill-feeling caused by their tactics. The Nottinghamshire supporters were still angry with how their players had been removed and were not happy that Miller was able to do something that they saw to be equivalent. For his part, Miller appeared to be amused by the crowd reaction and revelled in it, grinning and flicking his hair. Hutton had the last word, glancing Miller for a four from the final ball of the day. England were 2/121 at stumps on the third day, with Hutton and Compton still at the crease. Miller was widely jeered and heckled as he walked off the field at the end of play—the crowd regarded his bowling as intimidatory. The crowd surged towards him as he walked up the steps into the dressing room, but no altercation eventuated. O'Reilly defended Miller's use of short-pitched deliveries, pointing out that he had not employed a packed leg side field and had allowed the batsman the opportunity to score from hook and pull shots if he was willing to try; in contrast the packed Bodyline field meant that batsmen would find little reward for such shots and defensive play would only lead to dismissal.
The third day was followed by a rest day on Sunday, so play resumed on the fourth morning, a Monday, with England still 223 runs in arrears. The Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club (NCCC) secretary H. A. Brown broadcast an appeal to the gallery via the public address system, urging them to refrain from barracking Miller.
The crowd responded by clapping when the Australians took to the field. The chairman of the NCCC reportedly apologised to Bradman in private regarding the crowd reaction to Miller. Taking the new ball in the fifth over of the day, Miller delivered no bouncers in the morning; the first hour of play was punctuated by bad light and weather. In the overcast conditions, Miller bowled a relatively full length and swung the ball; one of his deliveries beat Hutton and narrowly missed his stumps. Shortly after the resumption of play amid dark skies, he bowled Hutton with an off cutter. As in the first innings, Hutton played forward to a ball without getting his front foot close to the bat, resulting in the delivery moving through the gap into the stumps. This prompted the entrance of Hardstaff, and on the third ball, he shaped to cut at a wide ball, and it again flew low to second slip as it did in the first innings. However, this time Arthur Morris was in the position because Miller was bowling, and the former dropped the catch. It was part of an eventful over; Hardstaff played and missed at one ball, inside edged another and then outside edged a ball through the slips for four runs. During the morning session, Bradman used Miller for 11 overs in a row in an attempt to pressure the Englishmen.
Soon after reaching his century late in the day, Compton edged to the slips from Miller's bowling, but Johnson dropped the catch. Charlie Barnett then edged Johnston into the slips, where Miller completed a difficult catch. Compton then hit Miller for four, provoking the paceman's first bouncer of the day. Compton hooked it away for two and the next delivery slipped out of Miller's hand and cleared the batsman’s head on the full, provoking some jeering in the crowd. This type of delivery is known as a beamer and is illegal because it poses a physical danger to the batsman. England reached stumps at 6/345, just one run ahead of the tourists, with Compton on 154.
The next day, Miller bowled a fast bouncer at Compton, who moved into position to hook, before changing his mind and attempting to evade the ball. Compton lost balance and threw his legs apart, trying to avoid stepping onto his stumps. However, he was unsuccessful and was out hit wicket for 184. Compton had batted for 413 minutes and hit 19 fours. Fingleton said that it was "a most depressing end to an innings that will live always". Compton's fall at 7/405 meant that there were no frontline batsmen left, leaving the English bowlers exposed to the visitors' attack without specialist support. Australia quickly finished off the hosts' innings; Miller bowled Laker for four, before Evans reached 50 and England finished at 441, leaving Australia with a victory target of 98 in three hours. The Australian paceman ended with 4/125 for the innings and 7/163 for the match, having removed England's two leading batsmen in both innings and bowled 63 overs—more than his usual workload—because Lindwall was injured.
As the players were walking back to the pavilion after England's innings, Miller received another hostile reception. One spectator threatened him with violence, prompting the Australian to grab him by his coat collar, challenging him to enter the Australian dressing room. The spectator declined. Miller was not required to bat as Australia went on to win by eight wickets.
After the heavy bowling workload at Trent Bridge, Bradman rested Miller for the innings win against Northamptonshire, which started the day after the Test. Miller returned for another match against Yorkshire, albeit with a lighter bowling load. He scored 20 in the first innings and made a duck in the second. Nevertheless, he opened the bowling in the first innings with the intention of keeping the pressure on Hutton. Miller was unable to dismiss his arch-rival, but Ernie Toshack did. The paceman was barracked by the spectators, who shouted "What about Larwood" in response to the repeated short-pitched bowling during his six wicketless overs. Bradman spared Miller from bowling in the second innings because of a back complaint, attempting to preserve him for the upcoming Test at Lord’s.
Second Test.
After a day of rest following the second Yorkshire match, Australia proceeded to the Second Test at Lord's, with Miller still unable to bowl. He came in to bat in the first innings with Australia at 3/166 on the first afternoon after electing to bat. Bedser bowled three consecutive outswingers; the fourth ball swung the other way, and Miller was hit on the pads not offering a shot, believing that the ball would have curved away past the stumps. The umpire upheld England’s appeal for leg before wicket (lbw) and Miller was out for four. O'Reilly said that Miller's display was more akin to that of a tail-ender with minimal skill than that of a frontline batsman, and blamed his poor form with the bat on an excessive bowling workload imposed on him by Bradman. Australia went on to make 350, but suffered a blow when Lindwall's injury flared up in the first over. However, Lindwall continued through the pain. Bradman threw Miller the ball, hoping that the all rounder would reverse his decision not to bowl and take inspiration from Lindwall. The injured bowler returned the ball, citing his back. His gesture generated news headlines among journalists who believed that he had disobeyed Bradman.
Although Bradman claimed that the exchange had been amicable, others disputed this. Teammate Barnes later claimed that Miller had retorted by suggesting that Bradman—a very occasional slower bowler—bowl himself. Barnes said that the captain "was as wild as a battery-stung brumby" and warned his unwilling bowler that there would be consequences for his defiance. According to unpublished writings in Fingleton's personal collection, Bradman chastised his players in the dressing room at the end of the play, saying "I'm 40 and I can do my full day's work in the field." Miller reportedly snapped "So would I—if I had fibrositis"; Bradman had been discharged from the armed services during World War II on health grounds, whereas most of the team had been sent into battle. Miller had crash-landed while serving as a fighter pilot in the Royal Australian Air Force in England and had suffered chronic back trouble since then.
England fell to 4/46 after Lindwall and Johnston's new ball burst, but Compton and Yardley fought back to take the score to 133 without further loss. Compton edged Johnston into the slips, where Miller took a low catch, dismissing the batsman for 53. Soon after, Johnston removed Evans for nine, caught by a diving Miller after lashing out at a wide ball outside off stump to leave the hosts at 7/145.
Australia bowled England out for 215 at the beginning of the third day to take a 135-run first innings lead. This had increased to 431 when Miller came to the crease with the score at 3/296 during the afternoon. English captain Yardley was on a hat-trick, having removed Hassett first ball after the fall of Barnes. Miller survived a loud lbw appeal on the hat-trick ball before hitting a six into the grandstand and reaching stumps on 22, with Australia at 4/329. He resumed on the fourth morning with Brown and reached lunch on 63 with the tourists at 4/409. Miller was reprieved when he lofted a ball high into the air; Tom Dollery stood right under it and dropped the catch. During this time, the new ball became available, but England opted not to use it immediately, as the wet conditions had made it slippery. However, after a period of spin, the new ball was taken, and Miller hit three boundaries to pass 50, and the run rate lifted. It appeared that aside from the need to score quickly in preparation for the declaration, Miller found the new ball easier to see than its muddied predecessor. Miller hooked Coxon repeatedly, and drove Bedser for many runs. After lunch, Miller proceeded to attack at every opportunity before the declaration. He was out for 74, playing a hook shot that was caught by Bedser at square leg from Laker. Australia declared at 7/460 to set England a target of 596.
England reached 3/106 by stumps on the fourth day, but the final day started poorly when Compton edged the second ball of the day—bowled by Johnston—to a diving Miller at second slip. Compton aimed a square drive, but the delivery was Johnston's variation ball, which went away instead of into the batsman. It took the outside edge and flew to a diving Miller, who knocked the ball upwards before falling on his back and completing the catch as the ball went down. Compton stood his ground and waited for the umpire to confirm whether Miller had caught the ball cleanly, and was duly given out by the unhesitating umpire. O'Reilly described Miller's effort as "perhaps the very best slips catch of the whole series and...a real match-winner." Just as in the first innings, Compton’s dismissal precipitated a collapse, and Australia dismissed England for 186 to complete victory by 409 runs.
After the end of the Lord's Test, Miller attended a concert and party, before returning to the team hotel after dawn the next morning, just before breakfast. Bradman noticed this and addressed him as "Keith", rather than his nickname "Nugget". Australia was due to play Surrey at The Oval on the same day. Bradman won the toss and elected to field. Instead of deploying him to his usual slips position, the Australian skipper sent Miller to field on the fine leg boundary as a punishment for his late night out. Between overs, the banished player had to walk to the opposite end of the ground to be in position for the bowler from the other end. One of the spectators felt sorry for him and lent his bicycle, which the Australian used to cycle around the edge of the ground between overs. Soon after, Bradman brought his all rounder into a fielding position closer to the playing centre. Miller eventually scored nine in his only innings and was asked to bowl just one over in the second innings, as Australia completed victory by ten wickets. He had a quiet period on the cricket field during July, which generated less media stories than his celebrity appearances at social functions and classical music concerts during this time. The match against Surrey was immediately followed by a match against Gloucestershire in Bristol, where Miller scored 51, featuring in a partnership of 136 with Morris (290). Australia piled on 7/774 declared, its largest score of the season, before proceeding to victory by an innings and 363 runs. Acting captain Hassett allowed Miller to rest and he did not bowl during the match.
Third Test.
The efforts of Miller and Lindwall against Hutton throughout the season had led the English selectors to drop the Yorkshireman for the Third Test at Old Trafford. The Australians were surprised by the move and thought that it was a blunder, as they rated Hutton to be England’s best batsman.
Miller had a quiet match. He did not bowl in the first innings as England batted first and posted 363. The closest he came to a catch was when Yardley edged to him in slips on the half-volley. When Australia batted, he came to the crease and joined Morris with the score at 3/82 and the pair took the score to 3/126 at stumps on the second day. He was on 23 and Morris had made 48. The run rate picked up in the last 50 minutes of the day as the pair added 44 runs; Miller was the more attacking of the Australian duo during this time. The next day, Australia struggled against the new ball in the first hour. Miller was beaten three times in one Bedser over before Dick Pollard trapped him for 31, prompting a middle-order collapse of 3/37, before the tourists recovered to end at 221, avoiding the follow on by eight runs.
Miller returned to the bowling crease in England's second innings. He immediately broke through Washbrook's defences, only to see the ball graze the stumps without dislodging the bails. After two Miller outswingers had evaded the outside edge of Washbrook, the batsman appeared unsettled. One bouncer was hit over square leg in an uncontrolled manner for a four, and another flew in the air, narrowly evading Loxton at fine leg. However, Miller did not take a wicket and ended with 0/15 from 14 overs, but again caught Compton. Not for the first time during the season, the Australian paceman earned the ire of the crowd after launching a series of short-pitched balls at Edrich, apparently in retaliation for the Englishman's bouncing of Lindwall. The paceman struck Edrich on the body before Bradman intervened and ordered him to stop his short-pitched barrage. In another incident, Miller was playing poker with the Englishmen during a rain delay. When the weather cleared, Hassett beckoned him to return to the field for the resumption of play. The request was refused, and the poke match continued against the English players who were not currently batting. He won the pot and pocketed the money, before hurriedly running onto the ground late. When he was on the field and approaching the centre, Miller pulled the money out of his pockets. He brandished the notes to the crowd and taunted his English colleagues. The match ended in a draw after the entire fourth day and half of the fifth day was washed out. England declared upon the resumption of play on the final day and set Australia a target of 317 for victory. The tourists reached 1/92 to ensure a draw.
Between Tests, Australia had one tour match against Middlesex at Lord's. Bradman rested Miller as Australia won by ten wickets, giving him an eight-day break between the Tests.
Fourth Test.
The teams moved to Headingley for the Fourth Test at Leeds. Hutton was recalled and the home team won the toss and batted first. England tallied 496, its highest score of the series. Miller took the last wicket of Yardley to finish with 1/43. Generally unthreatening throughout the innings, he bowled only 17.1 overs; the other frontline bowlers sent down at least 33 each. The innings started badly for Miller. He bowled below his full pace and his opening over yielded three full tosses. In Miller’s first over, Hutton scored the first boundary of the day, driving past mid-off. He felt his legs for muscle strains, and after two overs that O’Reilly described as "very innocuous", Miller was taken off. Nursing fitness concerns, Miller was forced to bowl medium-paced off breaks on the second day as England proceeded to 2/423 and appeared to be in complete control, before losing 8/73. In reply, Australia was struggling at 3/68 on the third morning. Neil Harvey—playing his first Ashes Test—joined Miller at the crease. Both had walked out in the same over, as Pollard removed Bradman and Hassett in the space of three balls. Australia was more than 400 behind, and if England were to remove the pair quickly, they would expose Australia's lower order and give themselves an opportunity to win by taking a hefty first innings lead. Harvey asked his senior partner "What’s going on here, eh? Let's get stuck into 'em". The pair launched a counterattack, with Miller taking the lead. He hoisted Laker's first ball over square leg for six. Miller shielded the left-handed Harvey from Laker, as his partner was struggling against the off breaks that were turning away from him, especially one that spun, bounced, and beat his outside edge. The all rounder drilled one off-drive from Laker for four, and after mis-hitting the next to the amusement of the crowd, struck the off spinner flat over his head, almost for six into the sightscreen. This allowed Australia to seize the initiative, and Harvey joined in during the next over. The left-hander hit consecutive boundaries against Laker, the second of which almost cleared the playing area. He followed this with another boundary to reach 44. Miller then lifted Laker for a six over long off, hitting a spectator in the head, and another over long on from Yardley's bowling to move from 42 to 54. He drove the next ball through cover for four. Yardley responded by stacking his leg side with outfielders and bowling outside leg stump, challenging Miller to another hit for six. The batsman obliged, but edged the ball onto wicket-keeper Evans' head; Edrich dived forward and caught the ball on the rebound at short fine leg. The crowd was in raptures at both the batting and Edrich's catch.
The partnership had yielded 121 runs in only 90 minutes, and "Wisden" likened it to a "hurricane". Cricket commentator John Arlott described the innings as the most memorable that he had witnessed. He said "Miller played like an emperor...Every stroke would have been memorable but each one had bettered its predecessor", saying that his batting had raised cricket "to a point of aesthetic beauty". Fingleton said that he had never "known a more enjoyable hour" of "delectable cricket". He acclaimed Miller's innings as "one of the rarest gems in the Test collection of all time" and "a moment to live in the cricket memory". O'Reilly said that Miller and Harvey had counter-attacked with "such joyful abandon that it would have been difficult, if not absolutely impossible, to gather from their methods of going about it that they were actually retrieving a tremendously difficult situation".
The momentum swung in Australia's favour. Harvey scored 112, while Loxton made 93, hitting a further five sixes from Laker. Lindwall added 77 late in the afternoon as Australia finished at 9/457 on the fourth day, having added 394 in one day's play. At the start of the second innings, Miller bowled a tight opening spell and the English openers scored only five from his six overs as they tried to establish a solid start. Miller took 1/53 in the second innings, removing Bedser and catching Compton yet again as Australia was set a world record chase of 404 on the final day in just 345 minutes. A 301-run second wicket partnership between Morris and Bradman set up the run-chase and Miller came in with the score at 2/358. He made only 12 but Australia won by seven wickets to set a new world record and take a 3–0 series lead.
The day after the Test, the Australians moved onto their next match against Derbyshire, where Miller scored 57 and took 3/31 in the first innings. He took the first two wickets to reduce the hosts to 2/26 before they recovered to 240 in reply to Australia’s 361. In the second innings he bowled only two overs as Australia won by an innings. In a rain-affected draw against Glamorgan, Miller took 2/41 in the hosts' first innings of 197 before compiling a hard-hitting 84. Coming in to join Hassett with the score at 2/67, he struck five sixes and seven fours. He hit one of the sixes with one hand, sending it 20 rows into the crowd. Taking his bottom hand off the bat, he had effectively played a left-handed tennis-style backhand, This sent the ball from Allan Watkins off his pads into the fine leg region. Miller then attacked the local captain Wilf Wooller, hitting him over the sightscreen with straight drives from consecutive balls and lofting a third six over long off. He was finally dismissed while attempting another six; Australia's first innings was washed out at 3/215.
Miller was rested for the nine-wicket win against Warwickshire. He returned against Lancashire. On the final day, Lancashire batsman Jack Ikin had reached 99 after being repeatedly hit by bouncers. Bradman took the new ball and gave it to Miller, who refused to bowl, saying that he felt Ikin deserved a century. The Australian skipper gave the ball to Lindwall, who promptly removed Ikin for 99. Miller had a light workload for the match, scoring 24 and 11, and taking a total of 1/32 from 16 overs. In the next game, he came in with Australia in difficulty at 5/133, and scored 55 in faster than even time against Durham in the last match before the Fifth Test. The match was a two-day fixture that was not given first-class status. Miller took 1/17 as the hosts fell to 5/73 in reply to Australia's 282 when rain ended the match at the end of the opening day.
Fifth Test.
The teams proceeded to The Oval for the Fifth Test. England elected to bat on a rain-affected pitch. Analysts questioned the move and predicted that Bradman would have bowled if he had won the toss.
Dewes and Hutton opened for England. Yardley attracted criticism for exposing the debutant Dewes to the new ball attack of Lindwall and Miller. Dewes took a single from Lindwall’s opening over and thus faced the start of the second over, which was bowled by Miller, who had troubled him in the past. During the Victory Tests in 1945, Miller had repeatedly dismissed Dewes, and during a match for Cambridge University against the Australians earlier in the season, the English batsman used towels to pad his torso against the Australian paceman's short balls. During his short innings, Dewes was visibly nervous and kept on moving around, unable to stand still.
Miller caused a stoppage after his first ball to sprinkle sawdust on the slippery and damp crease. With his second ball, he bowled Dewes—who was playing across the line—middle stump for one with an inswinger to leave England at 2/1. He then removed Jack Crapp caught behind from an outside edge for a 23-ball duck, leaving England at 4/23 as play was adjourned for lunch. The paceman ended with 2/5 from eight overs as Lindwall (6/20) cut down the home team for 52 with a display of express swing bowling. In his last Test innings for the summer, Miller scored five before overbalancing, falling forward, and being stumped. Australia made 389 and led by 337 on the first innings on the second afternoon. Bowling for the second time, Miller struck Crapp in the head with a bouncer, before bowling him for nine. He then extracted an edge from Hutton—who fell for 64, having top-scored in both innings—to wicket-keeper Tallon, leaving England at 4/153. Miller ended with 2/22 as Australia won by an innings and took a 4–0 series win.
Later tour matches.
Seven matches remained on Bradman’s quest to go through a tour of England without defeat. Miller was rested for the innings victory over Kent, but played against the Gentlemen of England at Lord's against an amateur team with many Test players. He scored 69, putting on 157 with Hassett, before being dismissed after attempting a third consecutive hooked boundary. Australia declared at 5/610 and Miller took a match total of 3/76 in another innings victory, including the wickets of Yardley and Martin Donnelly. In the following match against Somerset, Miller had a light workload, scoring an unbeaten 37 at No. 8 as Australia made 5/560 declared, and then bowling only eight overs and taking one wicket as Australia claimed victory by an innings and 374 runs after bowling out the hosts for 115 and 71. He was then rested from the match against South of England, which ended in a rain-affected draw.
Australia's biggest challenge in the post-Test tour matches was against the Leveson Gower's XI. During the last Australian tour in 1938, this team was effectively a full-strength England outfit, but this time Bradman insisted that only six current Test players be allowed to represent for the hosts. The Australian skipper then fielded a full-strength team. Miller returned for the match at Scarborough, but did little, scoring one in his only innings and bowling eight overs without success in a match that ended in a rain-affected draw. 
This left only two non-first-class matches against Scotland to complete the tour. Miller played in the first game and scored six in his only innings and did not take a wicket, before being rested for the second match. Australia won both matches by an innings. As a result, Australia finished the tour with 25 wins and nine draws. They had gone through the summer without defeat.
When asked about the three most beautiful things in England, Miller said "The hills of Derbyshire, the leg sweep of Denis Compton and Princess Margaret". He had gained a high profile in England during the Victory Tests of 1945, when he played with a carefree manner in the aftermath of six years of devastating war. Coupled with his good looks, this made him a popular celebrity throughout the country. In 1948, he was sought out for many social functions, such as at music or theatrical performances, and at dinner receptions with members of the Royal Family, peerage and political leaders. His friendship with Princess Margaret—the second daughter of King George VI—was the subject of widespread media speculation as to whether a romantic liaison was involved.
Role.
During the tour, Miller generally played in the Tests as an opening bowler alongside Lindwall and as a middle-order batsman, coming in at No. 4 or No. 5. His batting ability was such that he played as a specialist batsman even when he was unable to bowl due to injury, such as during the Second Test. Miller wanted to play purely as a batsman, feeling that the workload of bowling would hinder his productivity with the willow. However, Bradman was intent on going through the tour undefeated, and utilised his bowling options to the full, to maximise the Australians’ chances of winning. Lindwall and Miller were the first-choice pace duo, regarded as one of the greatest speed pairings in the history of cricket, whereas the latter was just one of many accomplished batsmen in the team. As a result, the Australian skipper valued his all rounder more as an opening bowler. Miller ended the Tests with 184 runs at 26.28 and 13 wickets at 23.15 from 138.1 overs and took eight catches.
During the Tests, Miller usually batted at No. 5, except in the Fourth Test when he batted at No. 4 due to the injury-enforced absence of opener Barnes, which resulted in a reshuffle in the batting order. Miller totalled 1,088 first-class runs for the tour, the seventh highest aggregate, although his average of 47.30 was only the eighth highest in the squad. During the tour matches, he batted in a variety of positions, as did all of the squad, because Bradman used a rotation system to rest his team because many matches were played consecutively.
When fit, Miller opened the Test bowling with Lindwall, and the pair bowled in short and fiery bursts with the new ball. The English cricket authorities had agreed to make a new ball available every 55 overs. The pre-existing rule stipulated that a replacement ball would be available every 200 runs, which usually took much more time to accumulate. This played directly into the hands of the Australians with their vastly stronger pace attack, as a new ball is ideal for fast bowling. Bradman thus wanted to preserve his two first-choice bowlers for a fresh attack every 55 overs. With 13 wickets in the Tests, Miller was third among the Australians behind Lindwall and Johnston, who took 27 apiece. Due to his fragility, Miller was used sparingly compared to the other four Australian frontline bowlers: Lindwall, Johnston, Toshack and Johnson. Toshack and Johnson each delivered more than 170 overs despite playing in one less Test, while Lindwall bowled 224 and Johnston 306 in five matches. In all first-class matches, Miller took 56 wickets at 17.58 and held onto 20 catches. There were many consecutive matches during the tour with no intervening rest day, so Bradman ensured that his leading pace duo remained fresh for the new ball bursts in the Tests by giving them a smaller proportion of the bowling during the tour matches. During all first-class matches, Johnston bowled 851.1 overs, Johnson 668, Lindwall 573.4 and Toshack 502, while Miller bowled only 429.4 overs. Doug Ring—who was only selected in one Test—bowled 542.4 overs, while all rounders Colin McCool and Loxton bowled 399.4 and 361.2 overs respectively. McCool did not play in any Tests, while Loxton was only entrusted with 63 overs against England. As such, in some tour matches, Miller was not asked to bowl at all, in order to keep him fresh for the Tests.
After the tour, Bradman was full of praise for Miller, although somewhat critical of his aggressive batting, which the Australian captain thought to be reckless: Bradman criticised Miller's hitting of sixes (26), feeling that his mercurial all rounder lacked restraint and concentration. In contrast, Fingleton praised Miller's attitude to cricket, saying "He is never one to accept runs when they are there for the taking ... I acknowledge myself the supreme believer in Miller as a cricketer. He had given me joy in the game approached by others." With respect to his persistent bouncing of Hutton and Compton, Fingleton said that it was up to England to develop bowlers of express pace—which they lacked at the time—to retaliate against or deter the Australians from pursuing such tactics. Miller's persistent disagreements with Bradman soon caught up with him, despite the latter's retirement after the tour. During Bradman's testimonial match, Miller bowled three consecutive bouncers at his retired captain, dismissing him with the last of these and drawing an angry look. Bradman was one of three members of the national selection panel, and Miller was dropped for the next series against South Africa in 1949–50. Although Bradman denied voting for the omission, most of the players in the team did not believe this.

</doc>
<doc id="18325184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325184" title="Bullina lineata">
Bullina lineata

Bullina lineata, common name the red-lined bubble snail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Bullinidae.
Description.
This snail has a milky-white mantle with iridescent blue edges. There are small black eyes on the head between the head shield processes. The shell has a white background with horizontally spiraling red brown bands which are crossed by vertical bands in the same color. The length is 15 to 25 mm.
Distribution.
This species occurs in the sublittoral zone of the Indo-Pacific from Japan to Australia and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="18325201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325201" title="Poul Hultberg">
Poul Hultberg

Poul Erik Eggert Hultberg (born March 27, 1920 Tryggelev, Denmark) is a Danish architect, who worked primarily in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Hultberg studied at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in Copenhagen and graduated in 1943. He moved to Sweden in 1945.
He designed several sport facilities, the most famous being Scandinavium in 1971.
He has shaped several districts in Gothenburg such as Biskopsgården, Högsbo, Tynnered, and Kallebäck.

</doc>
<doc id="18325208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325208" title="Irra">
Irra

Irra can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18325210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325210" title="Matthias Yao">
Matthias Yao

Matthias Yao Chih (, born 12 January 1956) is a former politician from Singapore. A member of the governing People's Action Party (PAP), he was a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1991 to 2011 representing the Marine Parade Group Representation Constituency (1991–97) and the MacPherson Single Member Constituency (1997–2011). He served in various political offices including Senior Minister of State at the Prime Minister's Office, Mayor of the South East District of Singapore, and Deputy Speaker of Parliament.
Career.
A Chinese Singaporean, Yao was a civil servant before he entered politics. He served as the Deputy Director (Police and Security) at the Ministry of Home Affairs from 1980-81, and the Deputy Director (Planning) at the Ministry of Finance's Public Service Division from 1982-84. From 1984-86, he served at the Ministry of Community Development as the Deputy Directory (Community Relations) and Head of the Feedback Unit. He was the Deputy Director (Public Communications) at the Ministry of Communications and Information from 1986-88.
In 1988, Yao became the Political Secretary to Goh Chok Tong, who was then Singapore's First Deputy Prime Minister.
Yao was elected to Parliament at the 1991 general election as an MP for the Marine Parade Group Representation Constituency. He remained part of the PAP's team at the Marine Parade by-election in 1992, and was re-elected.
Yao was made a Parliamentary Secretary at the Ministry of Defence in 1991. In 1994, he was promoted to Senior Parliamentary Secretary at the Ministry of Defence and Ministry of National Development.
In 1994, Yao was publicly challenged by the leader of the opposition Singapore Democratic Party (SDP), Dr Chee Soon Juan, to stand against him in a single member constituency at the next general election. This happened following a series of letters which Yao and Chee wrote to "The Straits Times". Chee had initially written to the newspaper to respond to criticisms that Deputy Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong had made of his book "Dare to Change", and Yao then responded in his capacity as the PAP's Second Organising Secretary. This led to a two-month-long exchange of letters between the pair which were published in the paper, which ended with Chee issuing his challenge to Yao. At Yao's request, Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong agreed to separate Yao's MacPherson ward from the rest of the Marine Parade Group Representation Constituency at the next general election so that Yao could take up Chee's challenge. At the 1997 general election, Yao defeated Chee by 12,546 votes (65.1%) to 6,713 (34.9%). Yao was subsequently re-elected as the MP for MacPherson at the 2001 and 2006 general elections.
After the 1997 general election, Yao was made a Minister of State at the Ministry of Defence. In 1999, he became a Minister of State at the Prime Minister's Office. He was promoted to Senior Minister of State in 2001. During his time at the Prime Minister's office, Yao also served as the Deputy Secretary General of the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC).
In 2004, Yao left the Prime Minister's Office to become the Mayor of the South East District of Singapore. He remained an MP, and in 2006 he was made a Deputy Speaker of Parliament alongside his role as Mayor.
Prior to the 2011 general election, Yao announced that he was retiring from politics and would not be standing as a candidate. His MacPherson ward was subsumed back into the Marine Parade Group Representation Constituency for the election, and after the election responsibility for the ward was taken over by Tin Pei Ling, who Yao had previously mentored.
Education.
Yao had his early education at St Anthony's Boys' School, St Joseph's Institution and National Junior College. In 1975, he was awarded a Singapore Armed Forces Overseas Merit Scholarship to study at the University of Birmingham in the United Kingdom, where he graduated in 1978 with a Bachelor of Commerce (Honours) degree.
Personal and family life.
Yao is married with two children. His personal interests include reading, jogging and golf.

</doc>
<doc id="18325233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325233" title="Clausurae">
Clausurae

The Clausurae is a modern term used by scholars to define short cut-off walls erected in order to block narrow defiles, mountain passes, and other similar passages.

</doc>
<doc id="18325256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325256" title="The Loved Ones (disambiguation)">
The Loved Ones (disambiguation)

Loved Ones may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18325269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325269" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 77">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 77

The 77th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Centre County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="18325279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325279" title="Stepanyan">
Stepanyan

Stepanyan (also commonly spelled Stepanian) (Armenian: Ստեփանյան) is an Armenian surname, derived from "Stepan" (Armenian: Ստեփան), the Armenian equivalent of Stephen, and could refer to any of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="18325281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325281" title="Ameryczka">
Ameryczka

Ameryczka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Szubin, south of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 109.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325282" title="Bielawy, Gmina Szubin">
Bielawy, Gmina Szubin

Bielawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Szubin, east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 28.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325284" title="Brzózki">
Brzózki

Brzózki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325285" title="Brzózki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Brzózki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Brzózki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325287" title="Chomętowo">
Chomętowo

Chomętowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325288" title="Chomętowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Chomętowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Chomętowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325289" title="Chraplewo">
Chraplewo

Chraplewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325292" title="Chraplewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Chraplewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Chraplewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Szubin, south of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325293" title="Ciężkowo">
Ciężkowo

Ciężkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Szubin, south of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 173.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325294" title="Dąbrówka Słupska">
Dąbrówka Słupska

Dąbrówka Słupska () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Szubin, south of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 255.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325297" title="Drogosław, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Drogosław, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Drogosław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 51.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325298" title="Gąbin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gąbin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gąbin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 248.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325308" title="Uganik Island">
Uganik Island

Uganik Island is an island lying just off the west coast of Kodiak Island in the Kodiak Archipelago of Alaska, USA. The island has a land area of 146.7 km² (56.64 sq mi) and is uninhabited. However, salmon setnetters occupy fish camp sites along the island shore from June–September each year. The island comprises part of the Kodiak National Wildlife Refuge. Hunting and fishing are allowed seasonally, with a proper license.
Uganik Island Archaeology:
http://alutiiqmuseum.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=372&Itemid=136

</doc>
<doc id="18325328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325328" title="William John Hutchins">
William John Hutchins

William John Hutchins (born 1939) is an English linguist and information scientist specialized in machine translation. He was educated the University of Nottingham (BA) and the University of East Anglia (PhD).

</doc>
<doc id="18325335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325335" title="Diego Ruiz de Montoya">
Diego Ruiz de Montoya

Diego Ruiz de Montoya (b. at Seville, 1562; d. there 15 March 1632) was a Spanish Jesuit theologian.
Life.
He entered the Society of Jesus in 1572 and was professed 22 July 1592. He taught philosophy in Granada, moral theology for one year in Baeza, and theology for about twenty years in Cordova and Seville. For a time he was rector of the College of Cordova, and represented his province, Andalusia, at the Sixth General Congregation. 
The last years of his life were devoted to writing. His distinguishing characteristics seem to have been humility, a retiring disposition, and integrity. He declined to advise the citizens of Seville to pay a certain tribute, even though the Duke of Lerma promised to obtain permission from Pope Paul V to publish his manuscripts "De Auxiliis", if he furthered his plans, 
Fray Miguel de San Jose considers him a most finished theologian; Merlin a prudent student and faithful interpreter of the Church Fathers, and Kleutgen and Menendez-Pelayo think that he combined positive historic theology with scholastic theology, in a manner not achieved by any of the theologians who preceded him. 
Works.
His published works are: 
These are rare editions. 
In manuscript preserved in various libraries: 

</doc>
<doc id="18325339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325339" title="Jamaica Hope">
Jamaica Hope

Jamaica Hope (also known as Jersey-Zebu or Montgomery-Jersey) is a dairy breed of cattle originating from Hope Farm in Jamaica. The breeding started in 1910, and was an attempt to develop an animal that was adjusted to the climate of the island. It is heat tolerant, has high resistance to ticks and tick borne diseases, and can produce much milk even in the poor pasture land typical of tropical climates. The breed consists of approximately 80% Jersey, 15% Zebu and 5% Holstein. The whole process was to a great degree the work of Dr. Thomas Lecky, a pioneer in Jamaican agricultural science. Jamaica Hope today make out about 50% of the cattle on the island. A mature cow weighs about 500 kg (1100 lbs.), while a male weighs between 700 and 800 kg (1500 – 1800 lbs). A cow can produce 2,500 kg of milk per lactation period, which lasts for about 305 days. The butter fat content of the milk is around five percent.
Initial breeding, a government initiative, started with Ayrshire, Brown Swiss, Guernsey, Holstein Friesian, Jersey and Red Poll breeds. By a process of elimination, Ayrshire and Brown Swiss were discontinued in 1928, Red Poll in 1938 and Guernsey in 1943. By 1952 the breeding of the Holstein Friesians was also ended, though elements of the breed remain in today's animals. The Zebu element was added in 1920, through the introduction of one Sahiwal bull imported from Pusa, India.
Apart from the Indian Taylor breed, and the newly developed Australian Milking Zebu, the Jamaican Hope is the only tropical dairy breed that results from crossing Zebu with regular cattle.
There are today some 6,000 registered females of the breed. It has gained popularity, and is today extensively exported to other countries in the Caribbean, as well as Latin America. In later years, however, the breed has seen a marked decline. It has been suggested that the Jamaican Hope should be bred with the Australian Milking Zebu, to ensure greater genetic diversity.

</doc>
<doc id="18325342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325342" title="Hari Roka">
Hari Roka

Hari Roka is a Nepalese politician. At the age of 13, he was sentenced to seven years imprisonment for having taken part in a demonstration.
He has studied at Ph.D-level (yet to be completed) at Jawaharlal Nehru University, India. In 2007 he was nominated to the interim parliament. In July 2008 he became a nominated member of the Constituent Assembly on behalf of Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).

</doc>
<doc id="18325387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325387" title="Ajima Station">
Ajima Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18325399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325399" title="Gravity Payments">
Gravity Payments

Gravity Payments is the largest payment processor in Washington. Founded in February 2004, Gravity Payments is wholly owned by two brothers, Dan Price and Lucas Price. Gravity Payments provides merchant processing services to clients nationally with the most concentrated client bases in Washington, Oregon, and Hawaii. It is headquartered in Seattle, Washington.
History.
Gravity Payments was founded in 2004 by brothers Dan Price and Lucas Price. Gravity payments grew rapidly from its small start-up roots to a 100+ employee company that is currently the largest payment processor in Washington State with clients located all over the United States. 
In June 2008, Dan Price was honored by President Barack Obama for his entrepreneurship and the sustained success of Gravity Payments.
Services.
Gravity Payments provides full-spectrum payment processing including: Credit and Debit Card Processing, Electronic Check Payment Processing, Gift and Loyalty Programs, and E-Commerce.
Values.
Gravity Payments CEO, Dan Price, elected to give his employees a 2% raise in response to the 2013 two-percent payroll tax reduction lapse. The day after the nation’s lawmakers let the tax reduction lapse, Price took action. He decided all Gravity Payments employees earning less than $100,000 — the vast majority — would get a 2 percent pay bump to offset the payroll tax increase. 

</doc>
<doc id="18325402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325402" title="Chandra Lal Meche">
Chandra Lal Meche

Chandra Lal Meche is a Nepalese politician from Jhapa District, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).
After the 2008 Constituent Assembly election Meche was not included amongst those elected through the proportional representation vote, something that caused local Maoist activists in Charali to vandalise their party office in protest. Meche was however later nominated to the Constituent Assembly.
Meche is a close friend of Anirban Roy, writer of the best-selling book---Prachanda: The Unknown Revolutionary.

</doc>
<doc id="18325410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325410" title="Kasugai Station (Meitetsu)">
Kasugai Station (Meitetsu)

It was opened on .
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18325412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325412" title="River Dun">
River Dun

There are at least four rivers called the River Dun:

</doc>
<doc id="18325417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325417" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 42">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 42

The 42nd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Allegheny County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="18325422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325422" title="Głęboczek, Nakło County">
Głęboczek, Nakło County

Głęboczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Szubin, east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 10.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325424" title="Godzimierz">
Godzimierz

Godzimierz may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325425" title="Godzimierz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Godzimierz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Godzimierz () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 112.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325428" title="Grzeczna Panna">
Grzeczna Panna

Grzeczna Panna (translation: "Polite Miss", ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 75.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325429" title="Jeziorowo">
Jeziorowo

Jeziorowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325430" title="Kołaczkowo">
Kołaczkowo

Kołaczkowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325431" title="Kołaczkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kołaczkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kołaczkowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,006.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325434" title="Koraczewko">
Koraczewko

Koraczewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Szubin, south of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 13.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325435" title="Kornelin">
Kornelin

Kornelin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325436" title="Kornelin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kornelin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kornelin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 124.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325437" title="Kowalewo">
Kowalewo

Kowalewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325438" title="Kowalewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kowalewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kowalewo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 613.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325439" title="Królikowo">
Królikowo

Królikowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325440" title="Królikowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Królikowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Królikowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Szubin, south of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 598.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325441" title="Łachowo">
Łachowo

Łachowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 381.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325442" title="Mąkoszyn">
Mąkoszyn

Mąkoszyn may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325444" title="River Dun, Northern Ireland">
River Dun, Northern Ireland

The River Dun, also known as the Glendun River (in Irish: "Abhann Duinne", brown river) is a river in County Antrim, Northern Ireland. It runs through Glendun, one of the nine Glens of Antrim. The river is named after its brown colour, which comes from the peat bogs at its source on the slopes of Slievenanee on the Antrim Plateau. The source of the river is a few hundred metres from that of the River Bush, which flows north-east to meet the sea at Bushmills. Cushendun ("Bun Abhann Duinne", "foot of the River Dun" in Irish – although the English name derives from "Cois Abhann Duinne", "beside the River Dun") is a small coastal resort town lying at the mouth of the River Dun and Glendun.
Glendun Viaduct.
The river is spanned by a three arched viaduct completed by Charles Lanyon in 1839. Glendun Viaduct, known locally as the Big Bridge, spans the river in the centre of the glen. It was built between 1834 and 1839, though no work was done during the winter months. The stones were quarried in Layde, taken by boat to Cushendun and then transported by cart to the bridge site.
Angling.
The river supports a population of brown trout which rarely attain weights exceeding one pound due to the naturally acidic chemistry of the water. Sea trout and salmon enter the river and make their way to the upstream spawning beds from July onwards. Eels are also present.

</doc>
<doc id="18325445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325445" title="Mąkoszyn, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Mąkoszyn, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Mąkoszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 57.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325446" title="Małe Rudy">
Małe Rudy

Małe Rudy () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 156.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325448" title="Ushiyama Station">
Ushiyama Station

History.
The station was opened on . The station is within a five-minute walking distance to the main gate of Komaki Air Base operated by Japan Air Self-Defense Force. The train station and the base are located on the east side of Nagoya Airfield.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18325450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325450" title="Nadjezierze, Nakło County">
Nadjezierze, Nakło County

Nadjezierze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325451" title="Padma Jyoti">
Padma Jyoti

Padma Jyoti is a Nepalese industrialist and politician. Trained in management and technology, Jyoti is the Chairman of Jyoti Group of Companies and was the president of the Federation of Nepalese Chamber of Commerce and Industry. In 2002 he was elected as president of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation Chambers of Commerce and Industry (SCCI) at the 8th SCCI General Assembly. He holds a degree from a MIT. He oversees many operations for several industries under Jyoti Group. He is of 62 years of age. He is probably most talented executive Nepal has ever known.
The Jyoti Group developed from a business house established by his grandfather Bhaju Ratna Kansakar in the 1930s in Kalimpong, India and subsequently expanded by his father Maniharsha Jyoti. It conducted trade between Nepal, India and Tibet over the famed caravan route across the Himalaya.

</doc>
<doc id="18325452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325452" title="Nadkanale">
Nadkanale

Nadkanale is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Szubin, east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 23.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325453" title="Niedźwiady">
Niedźwiady

Niedźwiady may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325455" title="Niedźwiady, Nakło County">
Niedźwiady, Nakło County

Niedźwiady () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 87.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325457" title="River Dun (River Test)">
River Dun (River Test)

The River Dun is a river that flows through the counties of Wiltshire and Hampshire in England. The River Dun rises in Wiltshire to the south-east of Salisbury near West Grimstead, and flows east into Hampshire before joining the River Test at Kimbridge, ultimately draining to the Solent.
The valley of the Dun is followed by the Southampton to Salisbury railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18325458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325458" title="Olek">
Olek

Olek (born 5 April 1978, full name Agata Oleksiak, and known professionally as Crocheted Olek) is a Polish-born artist living in the United States. Her works include sculptures, installations such as crocheted bicycles, inflatables, and fiber art. Her best known piece is a false apartment in which the contents, including the residents, were covered in crocheting. It was featured in various international media outlets. The work generally includes members of the public or the media, crocheted directly into the suit without traditional fasteners.
Olek had exhibited in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Brazil, Turkey, France, Italy, Poland, and Costa Rica.
Early life and career.
Oleksiak graduated with a degree in Cultural Studies from Adam Mickiewicz University, Poznań, Poland, from 1997 to 2000. Attending LaGuardia College, she won the National Arts Club's award for sculpture. Her early work included sculptures, costumes, and inflatables.
Oleksiak first used crocheting as part of her art in 2003 after moving to the United States. She "wowed critics" at the Williamsburg Arts and Historical Society Surrealist Fashion Show that year. In 2004, Oleksiak created "a large tentlike piece made of crocheted strips of cloth, hair, cassette tape and stuffed animals" work for a four-person show. "The New York Times" said this work gave the show at 5BE Gallery in Chelsea, Manhattan, "a tour-de-force center to work around." Her crocheted sculpture "Spill" (2005), featured in the "Washington Post", included 1300 skinny white balloons cascading in an "intestinal shape". She participated in The Waterways, a "socially conscious" art project on a "vaporetto" water bus during the 2005 Venice Biennale; her work, called "Camouflage", "exploring the androgyny of fixed identity, sexuality, and culture". In September and October of that year, Olek crocheted the windows of a burned-out, abandoned building near her artist residency in Utica, New York. During this period, her costumes for theatre and dance performances drew critical praise, although a dance performance relating to one of her sculptures was criticized.
Notable works.
Olek's crocheted full body clothing, dubbed "wearable sculptures", has been used in various projects where Olek took her participants onto the New York City Subway. Olek's DUMBO Arts Festival piece was "Painting to Shake Hands" on an "event score" in Yoko Ono's "Grapefruit". Participants wore her sculptures and placed a hand through a stretched canvas to shake the hands of passers-by. A second performance was dubbed "Crocheted Grapefruit". Performance piece "Thank You for Your Visit, Have a Nice Day", performed on Manhattan's 14th Street during the 2009 event, Art in Odd Places:SIGN, was inspired "by a uniformed attendant holding a "Hold the Handrail" sign in a Taipei metro station". Performers held placards based on signs noticed by Olek that were "emphatic, ironic or amused dialogue with their location."
In 2009, she stated:
While some have drawn parallels between Olek's artwork and yarn bombing, she does not consider her works to be such; she told the "New York Times" in 2011 that: "I don't yarn bomb, I make art. If someone calls my bull a yarn bomb, I get really upset. Lots of people have aunts or grandmas who paint. Do you want to see that work in the galleries? No. The street is an extension of the gallery. Not everyone’s work deserves to be in public". In 2009, she was a resident artist at Brazil's Instituto Sacatar.
Olek's first solo exhibition, "Knitting is for Pus****", was held at Christopher Henry Gallery. Olek's apartment installation took years to prepare using yarn skeins. It was originally scheduled to run from 9 September 2010, to 17 October 2010, but because of a series of extensions it closed in May 2011. During that period, the gallery exhibited her work at the SCOPE Art Show in Miami. After the exhibition closed, Olek said she wanted to sell the work for $90,000.
In late December 2010, Olek installed a crocheted suit over "Charging Bull" (1989), a statue on Wall Street, as a tribute to Arturo Di Modica, who installed the sculpture without permission. A park caretaker tore the suit from the statue two hours later. Olek was the 2010-2011 Workspace artist-in-residence at the Lower Manhattan Cultural Council, during which she created and performed at the Whitney Museum of American Art. In May 2011, she won the "Sculpture In Situ" category at the second Urban Arts Awards (Artaq).
In August 2011, Olek held a solo exhibition at Jonathan LeVine Gallery. She collaborated director Gina Vecchione and producer Michelle Price to create a short silent film called "YARNANA", through Kickstarter-based fundraising. "Inspired by the silent film genre, it relies solely on powerful music, sound design and physical expression. The characters speak through modern dance, physical comedy, capoeira, martial arts, poi, belly dancing, breakdance, acrobatics, gymnastics and the instincts of soul searchers." The project's funding was ultimately canceled on Kickstarter, but the film was still created, and it won a film festival award.
Olek changed materials for a joint exhibition with David E. Peterson in New York City; she used thousands of semi-inflated balloons, crocheted like yarn to create a cave-like structure inside the gallery. The artist noted her love of the ephemeral nature of the medium; the balloons often popped during the creation of the installation, and required immediate repair to prevent it unraveling entirely. The installation will gradually wither. She said that balloons represent "the happiest moments in life — which are often just as impermanent". Some visitors noted a pungent scent of latex. Olek was inspired by her time as a traveling clown for Health Plus, when she would visit poor New York neighborhoods. She had previously used balloons during her residency in Brazil.
Olek is due to exhibit work at Renwick Gallery in a show titled "40 under 40: Craft Futures" between 20 July 2012 to 3 February 2013, after which the gallery plans to tour the show. Olek's creative philosophy is that "Life and art are inseparable."
2011 arrest.
On 6 October 2011, Olek and an aggressive man were involved in an incident in London. She had just donated a work to a charity show when she was arrested and charged with unlawful wounding, unlawful wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and two counts of possessing a bladed article in a public place. Olek was tagged with an ankle monitor, was under house arrest for over a month, but was allowed to attend a show in Poland. As of March 2011, she was unable to talk about the situation. A trial took place in September 2012 at Southwark Crown Court. She was found not guilty of unlawful wounding with intent to cause GBH, but was found guilty of unlawful wounding and is due to be sentenced on 19 November 2012. During this time, she taught Polish prisoners to crochet, and hopes to do the same when she returns to the US.

</doc>
<doc id="18325462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325462" title="Olek, Nakło County">
Olek, Nakło County

Olek () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 53.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325464" title="Pińsko">
Pińsko

Pińsko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Szubin, south of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 316.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325465" title="Romanos Pontifices">
Romanos Pontifices

The papal constitution Romanos Pontifices, of Pope Leo XIII, was issued 8 May 1881, and defined the relations in England and Scotland between bishops and members of religious institutes. This constitution was later extended to the United States (25 September 1885), to Canada (14 March 1911), to South America (1 January 1900), to the Philippine Islands (1 January 1910), and quite generally to missionary countries.
Background.
The restoration by Pius IX, 29 September 1850, by letters Apostolic "Universalis ecclesiæ" of the Catholic hierarchy in England, and the consequent transition, gave rise to discussion in various matters of jurisdiction and discipline, particularly between the episcopate and religious institutes. 
The chief points of controversy related to the exemption of regulars from the jurisdiction of bishops; the right of bishops to divide parishes or missions conducted by regulars, and to place secular priests in charge of these newly created missions; the obligation of regulars engaged in parish work to attend conferences of the clergy and diocesan synods; the force of their appeal from synodal statutes; their liberty to found new houses, colleges and schools, or to convert existing institutions to other purposes; the right of bishops to visit canonically institutions in charge of regulars; and certain financial matters. 
A proposition of Cardinal Manning, made at an annual meeting of the English hierarchy in 1877, to submit these difficulties to Rome for definite settlement, met with unanimous approval. In July, 1878, the bishops of Scotland formally associated themselves with their English brethren in the controversy. Negotiations were opened with Propaganda, but Cardinal Manning later suggested to Pope Leo XIII the appointment of a special commission to examine the claims of the contestants and to prepare a constitution. Repeated delays ensued, so that it was not until 20 September 1880, that a special commission of nine cardinals chosen to consider the question had its first sitting. Four other sessions followed, and in January, 1881, a report was made to the pope. 
Provisions of the Constitution.
The provisions of the "Romanos Pontifices" may be grouped into three heads:
The constitution makes clear the following: though regulars according to canon law are subject immediately to the Holy See, bishops are given jurisdiction over small communities. The constitution "Romanos Pontifices" makes a further concession exempting regulars as such, living in parochial residences in small numbers or even alone, almost entirely from the jurisdiction of the ordinary. "We hesitate not to declare", it states, "that regulars dwelling in their own monasteries, are exempt from the jurisdiction of the ordinary, except in cases expressly mentioned in law, and generally speaking in matters pertaining to the cure of souls and the administration of the sacraments." In parochial ministrations, then, regulars are subject in all things to episcopal supervision, visitation, jurisdiction, and correction. If engaged in parochial work, religious are obliged to assist at conferences of the clergy as well as at diocesan synods. "We declare," says the constitution, "that all rectors of missions are bound by their office to attend the conferences of the clergy; and moreover we ordain and command that vicars also and other religious enjoying ordinary missionary faculties, living in residences and small missions, do the same." 
The Council of Trent prescribes that all having the cure of souls be present at diocesan synods. The constitution says in regard to this question: Let the Council of Trent be observed. Another point of controversy related to appeals from synodal decrees. Regulars are not denied this right. Their appeal from the ordinary's interpretation of synodal statutes in matters pertaining to common law has a devolutive effect only; in matters pertaining to regulars as such, owing to their exemption, an appeal begets a suspensive effect. The bishop's right to divide parishes, even though under the management of regulars, is maintained, providing the formalities prescribed in law be observed. The opinion of the rector of the mission to be divided must be sought; while a bishop is not free to divide a mission in charge of religious without consulting their superior. An appeal, devolutive in character, to the Holy See, should the case require it, is granted from the bishop's decision to divide a parish or mission. The ordinary is free to follow his own judgment in appointing rectors of new missions, even when formed from parishes in charge of regulars. The claim of regulars to preference in these appointments is thus denied. It is unlawful for religious to establish new monasteries, churches, colleges, or schools without the previous consent of the ordinary and of the Apostolic See. Similar permission is required to convert existing institutions to other purposes, except where such change, affecting merely the domestic arrangements or discipline of regulars themselves, is not contrary to the conditions of the foundation. The bishop may exercise the right of canonical visitation in regard to churches and parochial or elementary schools, though they be in charge of regulars. This right does not extend to cemeteries or institutions for the use of religious only; nor to colleges in which religious, according to their rule, devote themselves to the education of youth. 
The temporal affairs of a parish or mission are determined by a decree of Propaganda, published 19 April 1969. All goods given to parishes or missions must be accounted for according to diocesan statutes; not, however, donations made to regulars for themselves. It is the duty of the ordinary to see that parochial goods are devoted to the purposes designated by the donors. Inventories (Propaganda, 10 May 1867) will distinguish parochial belongings from those of regulars. These regulations of former decrees are embodied in "Romanos Pontifices."

</doc>
<doc id="18325466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325466" title="Podlaski">
Podlaski

Podlaski may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325467" title="Podlaski, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Podlaski, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Podlaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Szubin, east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 7.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325470" title="Retkowo">
Retkowo

Retkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Szubin, south of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 231.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325471" title="Manai Station">
Manai Station

History.
The station was opened on 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18325473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325473" title="Rynarzewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Rynarzewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Rynarzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,155.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325475" title="Rzemieniewice">
Rzemieniewice

Rzemieniewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Szubin, south of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325479" title="Samoklęski Duże">
Samoklęski Duże

Samoklęski Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 493.

</doc>
<doc id="18325481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325481" title="Samoklęski Małe">
Samoklęski Małe

Samoklęski Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 147.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325482" title="Skórzewo">
Skórzewo

Skórzewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325485" title="Skórzewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Skórzewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Skórzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 65.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325489" title="Lalitha Kumaramangalam">
Lalitha Kumaramangalam

Lalitha Kumaramangalam () is a member of national executive of Bharatiya Janata Party. She was earlier national secretary of the party. She is sister of Rangarajan Kumaramangalam and daughter of Mohan Kumaramangalam. She is also the niece of the late Chief of the Army Staff of the Indian Army, General P.P. Kumaramangalam, PVSM, DSO. She contested Lok Sabha elections twice(2004 & 2009) after her brother's death but lost on both occasions . She hails from Tamil Nadu in India. 
She is an economics graduate from St. Stephen's College, Delhi and an MBA from Madras University. She runs Prakriti, an NGO for the last many years.

</doc>
<doc id="18325491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325491" title="Słonawy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Słonawy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Słonawy () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Szubin, south of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 238.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325494" title="Słupy">
Słupy

Słupy may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325496" title="Słupy, Nakło County">
Słupy, Nakło County

Słupy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Szubin, south of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 468.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325498" title="Smarzykowo">
Smarzykowo

Smarzykowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 46.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325501" title="Smolniki, Nakło County">
Smolniki, Nakło County

Smolniki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 246.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325503" title="Stanisławka">
Stanisławka

Stanisławka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325505" title="Stanisławka, Nakło County">
Stanisławka, Nakło County

Stanisławka () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 82 people.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325506" title="Stary Jarużyn">
Stary Jarużyn

Stary Jarużyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 235.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325507" title="Suchy Pies">
Suchy Pies

Suchy Pies is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325509" title="Szaradowo">
Szaradowo

Szaradowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Szubin, south of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 84.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325510" title="Coláiste Moibhí">
Coláiste Moibhí

Coláiste Moibhí was a preparatory school in Ireland providing Irish-language instruction for Protestant girls intending to proceed to train as primary schoolteachers. Operating from 1926 to 1995, it was located just outside Shankill, County Dublin, until the premises closed when it was relocated in Rathmines, Dublin, and run by the Church of Ireland. In 1968, it became the Juniorate of the adjacent Church of Ireland College of Education, to which most pupils would graduate. It was named after Moibhí, a sixth-century saint from Kilmovee, County Mayo, who is associated Glasnevin.
The Coláiste was one of seven Irish-language preparatory schools established by the government of the newly established Irish Free State, as part of a Gaelicisation policy which required a supply of teachers fluent in Irish. It was approved by John Allen Fitzgerald Gregg, the Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin, and was a mark of both the Protestant, historically unionist minority's commitment to the new state, and the state's commitment to preserve that community's identity.
In the light of the growth of multidenominational schools, Coláiste Moibhí closed in June 1995. Its premises now form the Resource Centre of the Church of Ireland Training College library.

</doc>
<doc id="18325512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325512" title="Szkocja, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Szkocja, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Szkocja () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. Its name is also the Polish word for "Scotland".
The village has a population of 206.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325514" title="Drzewianowo, Nakło County">
Drzewianowo, Nakło County

Drzewianowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrocza, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Mrocza, north-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325516" title="Szubin-Wieś">
Szubin-Wieś

Szubin-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 324.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325517" title="Trzciniec, Nakło County">
Trzciniec, Nakło County

Trzciniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Szubin, east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 6.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325518" title="Tur, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Tur, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Tur () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,040.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325519" title="Wąsosz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wąsosz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wąsosz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 304.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325522" title="Wojsławiec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wojsławiec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wojsławiec () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 62.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325523" title="Wolwark">
Wolwark

Wolwark is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Szubin, south of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 289.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325524" title="Wrzosy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wrzosy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wrzosy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 72.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325529" title="Wymysłowo, Nakło County">
Wymysłowo, Nakło County

Wymysłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 71.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325532" title="Zalesie, Nakło County">
Zalesie, Nakło County

Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Szubin, south of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 753.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325533" title="Zamość, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Zamość, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Zamość is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,083.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325534" title="Zazdrość">
Zazdrość

Zazdrość may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325536" title="Zazdrość, Nakło County">
Zazdrość, Nakło County

Zazdrość is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 39.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325537" title="Żędowo">
Żędowo

Żędowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 163.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325540" title="Bulandi (2000 film)">
Bulandi (2000 film)

Bulandi is an Bollywood film, a remake of the tamil movie Nattamai. In "Bulundi", Anil Kapoor portrays the protagonist, with Rekha and Raveena Tandon in supporting roles. South Indian superstar Rajinikanth plays the father of the protagonist. Anil Kapoor enacts the role of the head of the village. The story revolves around the environment of a village under the Panchayati Raj rule. The hero's family brings justice to the village.
Synopsis.
The story revolves around Dharamraj "Dada" Thakur (Anil Kapoor). Since the death of his father Ghajraj Thakur(Rajnikanth), Dada Thakur has been the head of the village. His family consists of his wife Lakshmi (Rekha) and two younger brothers, Arjun and Nakul. Dada Thakur and Lakshmi are virtually like parents to Arjun and Nakul. Dada Thakur is highly respected in society and his word is considered law. Arjun gets married to a city girl, Meena (Raveena Tandon). At first, Meena resents her husband's subservience to his elder brother, but when she realizes that Dada Thakur helped her father in his business, she becomes respectful towards her brother-in-law. When Arjun is wrongly accused of raping a schoolteacher, everyone awaits Dada Thakur's decision, which affects everyone in the household.

</doc>
<doc id="18325541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325541" title="Zielonowo">
Zielonowo

Zielonowo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18325543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325543" title="Ain Shams University Faculty of Pharmacy">
Ain Shams University Faculty of Pharmacy

The Faculty of Pharmacy of Ain Shams University, FPASU, is an Egyptian public higher education institute dedicated to pharmaceutical sciences. Established in 1994, the faculty used to be located on the Ain Shams university campus before moving into its current location.

</doc>
<doc id="18325545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325545" title="Zielonowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Zielonowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Zielonowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and south-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 44.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325547" title="Żurczyn">
Żurczyn

Żurczyn () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Szubin, south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, and west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 129.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325549" title="Komakiguchi Station">
Komakiguchi Station

History.
Komakiguchi Station was opened on February 11, 1931. It suspended operations in 1944 and resumed them in May 1964.
Layout.
Komakiguchi station has two opposed side platforms. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18325557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325557" title="Borowo, Gmina Bytoń">
Borowo, Gmina Bytoń

Borowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325559" title="Budzisław">
Budzisław

Budzisław may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325560" title="Budzisław, Radziejów County">
Budzisław, Radziejów County

Budzisław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Bytoń, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325562" title="Bytoń">
Bytoń

Bytoń () is a village in Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bytoń. It lies approximately south-east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325564" title="Czarnocice">
Czarnocice

Czarnocice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Bytoń, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325566" title="Combat readiness">
Combat readiness

Combat readiness is a condition of the armed forces and their constituent units and formations, warships, aircraft, weapon systems or other military technology and equipment to perform during combat military operations, or functions consistent with the purpose for which they are organized or designed, or the managing of resources and personnel training in preparation for combat.
Most armed forces maintain varying levels of readiness by the troops to engage in combat due to economic considerations which vary from minutes to months. In modern armed forces troops designated special forces are usually those kept at the highest state of readiness for combat, and are often alerted only a few hours before being committed to combat. Where time is of the essence in military action being initiated, the troops, such as pilots of interceptor aircraft, may be kept in constant state of combat readiness.

</doc>
<doc id="18325567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325567" title="Dąbrówka, Radziejów County">
Dąbrówka, Radziejów County

Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325568" title="Litychowo">
Litychowo

Litychowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bytoń, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325570" title="Ludwikowo, Gmina Bytoń">
Ludwikowo, Gmina Bytoń

Ludwikowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325572" title="Morzyce, Radziejów County">
Morzyce, Radziejów County

Morzyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325573" title="Nasiłowo">
Nasiłowo

Nasiłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Bytoń, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325574" title="Niegibalice">
Niegibalice

Niegibalice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bytoń, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325576" title="Nowy Dwór, Radziejów County">
Nowy Dwór, Radziejów County

Nowy Dwór is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Bytoń, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has an approximate population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325577" title="Pścinek">
Pścinek

Pścinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325579" title="Pścinno">
Pścinno

Pścinno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bytoń, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 135.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325580" title="Bombardment of Tourane">
Bombardment of Tourane

The Bombardment of Tourane (15 April 1847) was a naval incident that took place during the short reign of the Vietnamese emperor Thiệu Trị (1841–47), which saw a considerable worsening of relations between France and Vietnam. The French warships "Gloire" and "Victorieuse", which had been sent to Tourane (now Da Nang) to negotiate for the release of two French Catholic missionaries, were attacked without warning by several Vietnamese vessels. The two French ships fought back, sinking four Vietnamese corvettes, badly damaging a fifth, and inflicting just under 1,200 casualties. In response to this and other provocations, the French eventually decided to intervene actively in Vietnam, and a decade later launched the Cochinchina Campaign (1858–62), which inaugurated the period of French colonial rule in Vietnam.
Background.
French missionaries had been active in Vietnam since the seventeenth century, and by the middle of the nineteenth century there were perhaps 300,000 Catholic converts in Annam and Tonkin. Most of their bishops and priests were either French or Spanish. Most Vietnamese disliked and suspected this sizeable Christian community and its foreign leaders. The French, conversely, began to feel responsible for their safety. During the reigns of the Vietnamese emperors Minh Mạng (1820–41) and Thiệu Trị (1841–47), Catholic missionaries were forbidden to live and work in Vietnam, and several European missionaries who ignored this edict were either banished or, on occasion, executed.
French naval captains in the Far East were given instructions to negotiate with the Vietnamese authorities when such cases occurred. On two occasions they intervened with considerable success. On 25 February 1843, "capitaine de frégate" Favin-Lévêque, captain of the French warship "Héroine", anchored off Da Nang to intercede for the release of five missionaries detained at Huế for two years. After long and frustrating negotiations, the five missionaries were released. In 1845, the French corvette "Alcmène" ("capitaine de frégate" Fornier-Duplan) went to Tourane to ask for the release of Dominique Lefèbvre, the French vicar apostolic of Lower Cochinchina, who was being held prisoner at Huế. Again, the Vietnamese acceded to the French request, and Lefèbvre was released.
Bombardment.
The 1845 intervention was ordered by Admiral Cécille, the senior French naval officer on station. In 1847, Dominique Lefèbvre secretly re-entered Vietnam. He and another missionary, Duclos, were imprisoned. The arrest of the two missionaries provoked a further confrontation between the Vietnamese rulers and the ships of the French Navy charged with protecting the interests of Roman Catholic missionaries in Vietnam.
In March 1847, Cécille sent the 54-gun frigate "Gloire" ("capitaine de vaisseau" Augustin de Lapierre) and the 24-gun corvette "Victorieuse" ("capitaine de frégate" Charles Rigault de Genouilly) to Tourane, with instructions to negotiate for the liberation of the two imprisoned French missionaries and to seek a commitment from the Vietnamese authorities to allow freedom of worship for Roman Catholics in Vietnam.
Probably because the Vietnamese considered Lefèbvre's return to Vietnam a deliberate provocation by the French, the negotiations failed. Discussions dragged on without result, and on 15 April 1847 six Vietnamese corvettes attacked the two French ships in the Bay of Tourane. In the brief action that followed, the French sank four Vietnamese corvettes and disabled a fifth, and inflicted nearly 1,200 casualties on the outclassed Vietnamese sailors.
According to the French, the Vietnamese spun out the negotiations to win time to assemble a fleet, and then treacherously attacked the two French warships without warning. Colonel Alfred Thomazi, the historian of the French conquest of Indochina, also claimed that the Vietnamese first attempted to lure the French officers to their deaths:
Thomazi gave the following description of the battle in Tourane Bay:
Lefèbvre was released by the Vietnamese authorities either before or shortly after the battle (the sources differ).
Significance.
The Vietnamese naval defeat at Tourane dramatically demonstrated the technological superiority of the French warships over the antiquated vessels of the Vietnamese fleet. In the eyes of many thoughtful Vietnamese, it demonstrated that the kingdom's blind adherence to the values and traditions of the past had left it painfully vulnerable to European coercion, and spurred calls for modernization.
Harassment of the Christians eventually provided France with a pretext for attacking Vietnam. The tension built up gradually. During the 1840s, the persecution of Roman Catholic missionaries in Vietnam evoked only sporadic and unofficial French reprisals, such as that taken by de Lapierre and Rigault de Genouilly in 1847. In 1857, however, the execution of two Spanish Catholic missionaries by the emperor Tự Đức led directly to French intervention in Vietnam. In September 1858, a joint French and Spanish naval expedition landed at Da Nang. Its commander was Admiral Charles Rigault de Genouilly, one of the two French naval captains involved in the 1847 incident. The resultant Cochinchina campaign inaugurated the era of French colonial rule in Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="18325581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325581" title="Stefanowo, Radziejów County">
Stefanowo, Radziejów County

Stefanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325583" title="Stróżewo, Radziejów County">
Stróżewo, Radziejów County

Stróżewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Bytoń, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325584" title="Świesz">
Świesz

Świesz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bytoń, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325586" title="Wandynowo">
Wandynowo

Wandynowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325587" title="Witowo">
Witowo

Witowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325588" title="Witowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Witowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Witowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytoń, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bytoń, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 430.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325591" title="Komaki Station">
Komaki Station

History.
Komaki Station was opened on September 23, 1920. The station was relocated underground in 1989. From 1991-2006, it was also the terminal station on the Peachliner people mover project.
Layout.
Komaki Station is an underground station with one island platform and one side platform.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18325596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325596" title="Altana, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Altana, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Altana is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325597" title="Bodzanowo">
Bodzanowo

Bodzanowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325599" title="Bodzanowo, Radziejów County">
Bodzanowo, Radziejów County

Bodzanowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325601" title="Bodzanowo Drugie">
Bodzanowo Drugie

Bodzanowo Drugie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325607" title="Borowo, Gmina Dobre">
Borowo, Gmina Dobre

Borowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325608" title="Bronisław">
Bronisław

Bronisław (feminine: Bronisława) - is a Polish name of Slavic origin meaning: "broni" - to protect, to defend and "sława" - glory, fame. The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18325610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325610" title="Bronisław, Radziejów County">
Bronisław, Radziejów County

Bronisław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325613" title="Byczyna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Byczyna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Byczyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325615" title="Byczyna-Kolonia">
Byczyna-Kolonia

Byczyna-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325617" title="Czołpin">
Czołpin

Czołpin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325619" title="Dęby">
Dęby

Dęby may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325620" title="Dęby, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Dęby, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Dęby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dobre, north-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325621" title="Dobre, Radziejów County">
Dobre, Radziejów County

Dobre () is a village in Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dobre. It lies approximately north of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 1,700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325623" title="Dobre-Kolonia">
Dobre-Kolonia

Dobre-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325625" title="Dobre-Wieś">
Dobre-Wieś

Dobre-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325627" title="Kłonowo">
Kłonowo

Kłonowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325629" title="Koszczały">
Koszczały

Koszczały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Dobre, north of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has an approximate population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325631" title="Krzywosądz">
Krzywosądz

Krzywosądz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18325632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325632" title="Ludwikowo, Gmina Dobre">
Ludwikowo, Gmina Dobre

Ludwikowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325634" title="Morawy">
Morawy

Morawy may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325636" title="Morawy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Morawy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Morawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Dobre, north-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325637" title="Narkowo">
Narkowo

Narkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325640" title="Przysiek, Gmina Dobre">
Przysiek, Gmina Dobre

Przysiek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325642" title="Smarglin">
Smarglin

Smarglin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325644" title="Szczeblotowo">
Szczeblotowo

Szczeblotowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dobre, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325645" title="Komakihara Station">
Komakihara Station

History.
Komakihara Station was opened on April 29, 1931. It was closed from 1944 to October 1951. The present elevated station building was completed in June 1987. From 1991to 2006, the station was also served by the Peachliner people mover system. The station is unattended.
Layout.
Komakihara Station has a single elevated side platform serving bi-directional traffic.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18325646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325646" title="Ułomie">
Ułomie

Ułomie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325657" title="Ryhall railway station">
Ryhall railway station

Ryhall & Belmesthorpe railway station (originally Ryhall & Belmisthorpe) was a station in Belmesthorpe and about half a mile from Ryhall, both in Rutland. It was the only intermediate station on the Great Northern Railway single track line between Stamford and Essendine. It was sited south of a level crossing at the west end of the village. The goods yard was to the north of the level crossing.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18325659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325659" title="Bartłomiejowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bartłomiejowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bartłomiejowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325660" title="Bełszewo">
Bełszewo

Bełszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325662" title="Bełszewo-Kolonia">
Bełszewo-Kolonia

Bełszewo-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325667" title="Bilno, Radziejów County">
Bilno, Radziejów County

Bilno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325671" title="Bodzanówek, Radziejów County">
Bodzanówek, Radziejów County

Bodzanówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325674" title="Borucin">
Borucin

Borucin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18325675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325675" title="Borucin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Borucin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Borucin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325676" title="Borucinek">
Borucinek

Borucinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325677" title="Jarantowice">
Jarantowice

Jarantowice may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325678" title="Jarantowice, Radziejów County">
Jarantowice, Radziejów County

Jarantowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325682" title="Karolin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Karolin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Karolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325684" title="Konary, Radziejów County">
Konary, Radziejów County

Konary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325687" title="Kościelna Wieś, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kościelna Wieś, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kościelna Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 290.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325688" title="Krotoszyn, Radziejów County">
Krotoszyn, Radziejów County

Krotoszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325690" title="Ajioka Station">
Ajioka Station

HIstory.
Ajioka Station was opened on April 29, 1931.
Layout.
Ajioka Station is an elevated station with a single side platform serving bi-directional traffic. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18325694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325694" title="Latkowo, Radziejów County">
Latkowo, Radziejów County

Latkowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325696" title="Lekarzewice">
Lekarzewice

Lekarzewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325700" title="Leonowo, Gmina Osięciny">
Leonowo, Gmina Osięciny

Leonowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325702" title="Nagórki">
Nagórki

Nagórki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325703" title="Kostyantyn Gryshchenko">
Kostyantyn Gryshchenko

Kostyantyn Ivanovych Hryshchenko () also spelled as "Gryshchenko", born 28 October 1953 in Kiev, Ukraine, was one of the Vice Prime Ministers of Ukraine.
Hryshchenko served as the Ukrainian ambassador to the United States between 2000 and 2003 and as the ambassador to Russia in 2008. He was also Minister for Foreign Affairs between 2003 and 2005 and from 2010, also becoming a Vice Prime Minister at the end of 2012.
Education.
Hryshchenko graduated from Moscow State Institute of International Relations in International Law in 1975. In 1976, he attended a United Nations translators course in Moscow.
Diplomatic and Political Career.
Career in USSR and post-independence Ukraine.
From 1981-1991, Hryschenko held a number of diplomatic posts in the USSR Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including attaché and first secretary. From 1976 till 1981, he was a member of the UN Secretariat in New York. He was based at the Consulate General of the USSR in Montreal, Canada between 1985 and 1990.
When the USSR broke up in 1991, Ukraine declared its independence and Hryschenko became Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs, representing Ukraine on the Inspection and Control Commissions monitoring the implementation of the START I and ABM nuclear warhead reduction treaties between the USSR and USA.
In 1991, Gryshchenko was a Deputy Chief Inspector with the United Nations Special Commission (UNSCOM)which inspected Iraq’s weapons facilities. Between 1999 and 2003, he served with the UN Secretary-General’s Advisory Board on Disarmament Matters and the College of Commissioners for the United Nations Monitoring, Verification, and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC).
Ambassador and Foreign Minister.
Gryshchenko served as the Ukrainian Ambassador to Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg and NATO between 1998 and 2000. From 2000 to 2003, he served as Ambassador of Ukraine to the United States, dealing with allegations arising out of the so-called Cassette Scandal that Ukraine had supplied “Kolchuga” radars to Iraq in 2002.
Gryshchenko was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine in the First Yanukovych Government. He retained the post of First Deputy Secretary of the National Security and Defence Council.
Gryshchenko became deputy head of the Republican Party of Ukraine; at the 2006 parliamentary election the party was part of the Opposition Bloc "Ne Tak" with Gryshchenko on the 18th spot on the party list of this political alliance. The alliance scored 1,01% of the national votes and no seats in the Ukrainian parliament. On 15 April 2008 a decree of President Viktor Yushchenko appointed him First Deputy Secretary of the National Security and Defense Council. After becoming Ambassador of Ukraine to Russia in 2008 he retained the post of First Deputy Secretary of the National Security and Defence Council.
In 2010 Gryshchenko was again appointed as Ukraine's Minister of Foreign Affairs, chairing the Committee of the Ministers of the Council of Europe in 2011. He was also involved in negotiations with Russia over extending the lease on its Sevastapol naval base in the Crimea in exchange for a reduction in the price of natural gas supplies.
In December 2012, Kostyantyn Hryschenko was appointed as one of the Vice Prime Minister of Ukraine. He is expected to make full membership of the EU one of the country’s key foreign policy objectives.
Awards and Honours.
The President of Ukraine awarded Gryshchenko the Order of Merit third grade in 1998 and the Order of Merit second grade in 2003 for contributions to diplomacy and foreign affairs. He has also received a number of decorations from foreign states.
Family.
Gryshchenko's daughter Oksana was an adviser to Ukrainian Energy Minister Yuriy Boyko.

</doc>
<doc id="18325704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325704" title="Nagórki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Nagórki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Nagórki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Osięciny, north-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325705" title="Osłonki">
Osłonki

Osłonki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325707" title="Pieńki Kościelskie">
Pieńki Kościelskie

Pieńki Kościelskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325708" title="Pilichowo">
Pilichowo

Pilichowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325710" title="Pilichowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Pilichowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Pilichowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325711" title="Pocierzyn">
Pocierzyn

Pocierzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Osięciny, north-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325712" title="Tagata-jinja-mae Station">
Tagata-jinja-mae Station

History.
Tagata-jinja-mae Statation was opened on April 29, 1931 as . It was closed in 1944, and reopened on March 10, 1965 under its present name. The platforms were rebuilt in March 2002.
Layout.
Tagata-jinja-mae Station has two opposed side platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18325713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325713" title="Neera Shastri">
Neera Shastri

Neera Shastri is an ex-member of national executive of Bharatiya Janata Party and a noted woman activist. She was a member of National Commission of Backward Castes. She is the youngest daughter- in-law of Lal Bahadur Shastri, the former prime minister of India.
Mrs Neera Shastri joined the Bharatiya Janata Party in 1993. 
Early life.
Mrs Neera Shastri was born on October 13, 1955 in Jodhpur, Rajasthan. She has completed her M Sc. in Zoology from Jodhpur (with specialisation in Entomology, Ecology & Environment Biology). 
She was ushered into the world of politics after her marriage to Late Ashok Shastri, the youngest son of former Prime Minister Late Lal Bahadhur Shastri.
Family.
Ashok Shastri married Neera Shastri on 19 May 1977. He died at 34. She raised her three children, Mahima Shastri, Mandira Shastri and Sameep Shastri.
Ms Mahima Shastri her Eldest daughter is the Partner of SASYA Image Studio LLP. Her certification in Image Consulting is from the Image Resource Centre of New York. 
With an MBA from École Nationale des Ponts et Chausses, Paris and a Bachelors degree in Organisational Behaviour from Lancaster University Management School, UK, Mahima also has several years of experience with a search firm as a Headhunter where she had an opportunity to work for some of the leading fortune 500 companies. In the later years of her career, she also served a term as consultant with an UN agency.
info==
Political Life.
Mrs Shastri has headed the Mahila Morcha wing of the Delhi BJP for three terms during which she organised a large number of activities for women upliftment. Nearly four to five thousand women participated in the programmes and became active members of the party.
She has served as the Vice President of the Delhi BJP as well as the incharge of the Shahdara District (East Delhi), actively participating in and organising a number of party programmes.
Her leadership skills were utilized successfully when she in her capacity as the convener organised the National Rally for Women’s Reservation on February 21, 2008 bringing as many as 40,000 women from all over Delhi to participate in it. Also,as a member of 
1 The National Executive she has actively been participating in and contributing to the various conferences and meeting. She had also successfully organised a conference of Muslim women in 1998 which was addressed by the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee at New Delhi and received wide coverage from the foreign media including ‘The New York Times’.
Realizing the potential of the youth of the country, she has actively promoted the youth wing of various organisations and in 1997 had also mobilized a huge gathering of the youth wing from the eastern part of the country which was addressed by the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
Her humane face came to the fore when she tirelessly organised relief material and undertook collection work during the Tsunami and earthquakes in Gujarat, Kashmir and other parts of the country. After the Tsunami, she also visited and reviewed the rehabilitation of the affected people in Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
She has also campaigned for all-important national leaders of the BJP like Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee, Shri Lal Krishna Advani, Shri Murli Manohar Joshi, Shri Narendra Modi and others in their respective constituencies in Lok Sabha/Vidhan Sabha elections.
Social Life.
Mrs Shastri was a member of the National Commission for Backward Classes, Government of India, and in her capacity had visited all the states and union territories as a Bench Member for the Public Hearing to identify the OBC castes/communities for the Central List. She has also attended the meetings of OBC Welfare Organisation in different states to discuss key problems and getting OBC certificate and implementation of reservation criteria in central and state government services.
As a member of the Commission, she has drawn the attention of the central and state government for a special drive to providing enough opportunities of education and employment to the OBC women in order to bring them to the mainstream of the nation.
She took part in organising the National Conference of central and states OBC Commissions and Secretaries in-Charge of OBC Welfare Department. This was inaugurated by the then Minister for Social Justice & Empowerment, Dr. S.N. Jatia, and addressed by the then Minister of State for Social Justice & Empowerment, Dr. Sanjay Paswan.
In July, 2005, she also presided over the National Conference of central and states OBC Commissions and Secretaries in-Charge of OBC Welfare Departments from all over the country which was inaugurated by Meira Kumar, Minister for Social Justice & Empowerment and addressed by S. Jagadeesan, Minister of State
for Social Justice & Empowerment.In the same conference she presented a paper emphasizing the need of categorization of the central and state lists of OBCs, maintenance of uniformity in both the lists and increase in the creamy layer limit as a policy preparation, which was later considered by the ministry and the creamy layer limit was increased from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh per capita income. She also suggested that the artisans engaged in the hereditary occupation be kept out of the purview of creamy layer. The main focus of the presentation was also on the educational empowerment of the OBCs.
She has also been associated with the Lal Bahadhur Shastri Hospital from the day of its inception. Thereafter as a member of the Hospital Advisory Committee, she has helped in setting up and operationalising the hospital including its building and procurement of critical equipment. The hospital was inaugurated by former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
Corporate Life.
At TATA STEEL Company (Corporate Office) she was primarily responsible for coordinating and implementing the activities of the Tata Steel Rural Development Society (TSRDS). The basic activities of the agency included assistance in drip irrigation, agriculture, safe drinking water, basic healthcare service, income generating activities, environment and forest protection, and women development programme in 32 villages in and around Jamshedpur (The number of villages now under TSRDS is 200). The most noteworthy involvement in this field includes the “Lifeline Express” or the “Hospital on Wheels”.
Family Welfare.
Her work in TSRDS included a progression from immunization in isolation to an integrated approach towards mother and child health care. Projects such as child survival project laid stress on community awareness and empowerment. A total of about 95,000 children were immunized from deadly diseases and about 12,500 women were sterilized. Women were encouraged to attend annual laparoscopy camps in rural areas and the expenses were subsidized.
Income generation Schemes.
She has also worked with the Council for Advancement of People's Action and Rural Technology (CAPART,). It is an agency under the M/o Rural Development which ensures right marketing techniques to be followed between the buyers and rural producers for appropriate returns. As part of her functions with the agency she has also interacted with the Confederation of Indian Industries, Department of Company Affairs and Department of Economic Affairs and other agencies.
Water Conservation and Allied Schemes.
As part of her work Mrs Shastri also helped establish a number of micro-water cooperatives around available water resources, optimally starting from the ‘Pani Panchayat’ at Pachardih, a village near Jamshedpur. Today about 21 such panchayats are running successfully. Some of the programmes that she was associated with were check dams, paddle pumps, pump sets and pond deepening exercises.
Tribal Development.
She has also coordinated the efforts and activities of the tribal and Harijan Welfare cell of Tata Steel. The focus of this cell is the socio-economic development of the tribal, the original inhabitants of Singhbhum. The Harijan, welfare activities were confined to the slum regions of Jamshedpurs urban areas and the key development issues identified for both these communities were education, health and medical activities, development of youth through sports and games, art and culture. The cell assesses the potential of the young tribal and Harijans and assists them to accelerate their development in their chosen field. One of the prominent initiatives in this regard includes creation of an experimental herbal 
garden. She has also worked as a coordinator for relief activities during natural calamities (earthquakes in Garhwal Hills, Latur and floods in Bihar) on behalf of Tata Steel. Apart from the activities and initiatives undertaken to do full justice to her role as a social citizen in a corporate environment, she has also handled media related public relation activities including organising press conferences, seminars and sport activities for the company.

</doc>
<doc id="18325714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325714" title="Powałkowice">
Powałkowice

Powałkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Osięciny, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325716" title="Pułkownikowo">
Pułkownikowo

Pułkownikowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325718" title="Ruszki">
Ruszki

Ruszki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325721" title="Ruszki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Ruszki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Ruszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Osięciny, north-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325722" title="Samszyce">
Samszyce

Samszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325726" title="Sęczkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sęczkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sęczkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325727" title="Szalonki">
Szalonki

Szalonki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325728" title="Acrodea">
Acrodea

Acrodea Inc. is a software technology developer engaged in mobile phone user interface design, research and development, and related services.
History.
The company was founded in July 2004 by Junya Tsutsumi. By December the company had developed the 'VIVID Message' for mobile email application. In March 2005, the company introduced their user interface 'VIVID UI', that copes with multimedia. In December of that year their Korean branch was established.
In April 2006, the company offered the Fathammer Ltd. product SDK 'X-Forge' for games, and they established a European branch that July. In September the 'VIVID Panorama' was develoiped, which enables panorama pictures to be taken on mobile phones using simple controls. The company was listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange in October 2006. In March 2007 they agreed to cooperate on the 'X-Forge Ver 3.0' with Bandai Networks.

</doc>
<doc id="18325729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325729" title="Ujma Mała">
Ujma Mała

Ujma Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Osięciny, north-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325733" title="Witoldowo, Radziejów County">
Witoldowo, Radziejów County

Witoldowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325734" title="Włodzimierka">
Włodzimierka

Włodzimierka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325735" title="Gakuden Station (Aichi)">
Gakuden Station (Aichi)

The station is a five-minute walk from the site of the former Gakuden Castle, the ruins of which can still be seen.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad
 

</doc>
<doc id="18325736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325736" title="Wola Skarbkowa">
Wola Skarbkowa

Wola Skarbkowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325737" title="Zagajewice, Radziejów County">
Zagajewice, Radziejów County

Zagajewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325738" title="Żakowice">
Żakowice

Żakowice may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325739" title="Żakowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Żakowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Żakowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325741" title="Zblęg">
Zblęg

Zblęg is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325743" title="Zielińsk">
Zielińsk

Zielińsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osięciny, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Osięciny, east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325747" title="Inniskillin">
Inniskillin

Inniskillin is a Canadian winery located in Niagara-on-the-Lake, Ontario. Inniskillin, which is mainly noted for their icewine production, has played an important pioneering role in the modern Canadian wine industry. Since 1994, Inniskillin also operates a winery in Okanagan, British Columbia (Inniskillin Okanagan) in addition to their original location (Inniskillin Niagara).
History.
Inniskillin was founded by Donald Ziraldo and Karl Kaiser and saw its beginnings in 1974. Before embarking on the Innskillin project, Ziraldo was running a grapevine nursery and Karl Kaiser, a trained chemist, was a home wine maker. The first vines were planted in 1974, and since the duo had the ambition to make better-quality wines, their vineyard was planted with traditional European grape varieties, of the "Vitis vinifera" species, chosen from those cultivated in colder European regions. Their first vineyard, of was planted with Riesling, Chardonnay and Gamay.
At that time the wine industry in the Niagara consisted of five bulk wineries growing American ("non-vinifera") vines, and no winery licenses had been issued since 1929. Inniskillin's license in 1975, which Ziraldo successfully lobbied for, was therefore the first post-prohibition license issued in the region. The company Inniskillin Wines was formally incorporated on July 31, 1975, and the first harvest occurred three years after their first vineyard was planted, in 1977. While waiting for their "V. vinifera" vines to yield grapes, they produced some wine from hybrid grapes. In 1978, Inniskillin moved to its present location on the Brae Burn Estate. An existing 1920s barn, thought to have been inspired by architect Frank Lloyd Wright, was restored for the winery's use, and has become something of a landmark.
The initial production consisted of white and red table wines, but another significant development started a few years later. In 1983, Karl Kaiser and three other Ontario wineries all left grapes on their vines in an attempt to produce ice wine, in order to put the harsh Canadian winter to good use. Inniskillin and their Niagara neighbour Ewald Reif lost their entire crop to hungry birds, while the two wineries Hillebrand and Pelee Island, situated in another part of Ontario, were able to harvest a minuscule amount of frozen grapes. In 1984, Kaiser used nets to protect Inniskillin's grapes and were able to produce the winery's first ice wine. This wine was made from Vidal grapes harvested at the Brae Burn Estate and was in fact labelled "Eiswein", the German and Austrian wine term. Thus, Inniskillin was one of the first Canadian wineries to produce ice wine, and the first to do so in commercially significant quantities. The international breakthrough of Canadian ice wine came in 1991, when Inniskillin's 1989 Vidal ice wine won the "Grand Prix d’Honneur" at Vinexpo.
The two founders of Inniskillin practised a division of labour. Kaiser handled the winemaking, and Ziraldo handled the marketing and was president of the company. Ziraldo was also instrumental in creating the Vintners Quality Alliance (VQA) and was the organisation's first chairman.
In 1992, Inniskillin Wines merged with Cartier wines (one of the old wineries of the region, founded in 1889) to form Cartier Inniskillin Vintners Inc. In 1993, Cartier Inniskillin Vintners Inc. merged with T.G. Bright & Co. Limited (founded in 1874 as the Niagara Falls Wine Company) under the name Vincor International Inc. Inniskillin wines continued as a subsidiary of Vincor, with the wines labelled as before and Ziraldo and Kaiser in their old roles.
In 1994, Inniskillin started activities at a subsidiary winery in Okanagan, British Columbia, under the name Inniskillin Okanagan. After that, the original winery was referred to as Inniskillin Niagara. This winery was started in collaboration with First Nation locals, the Okanaqueen Tribe of the Inkameep people, which kept vineyards on their land and supplied grapes to Inniskillin Okanagan. In 1996, Inniskillin expanded their Okanagan activities by buying an existing winery in Okanagan, Okanagan Vineyards, as well as the Dark Horse Vineyard.
In April 2006, Constellation Brands bought Inniskillin's parent company Vincor International Inc., which became Vincor Canada. Later that year Karl Kaiser went into retirement, but stayed on as a consultant for Inniskillin's ice wine activities, and Ziraldo left the winery and his position as president.
Wines.
The icewine production, accounting for approximately 10% of the winery's output, is commercially significant to Inniskillin. The parent company Vincor has singled out Inniskillin to be the group's primary icewine exporter, and Inniskillin icewines are therefore among the most distributed Canadian icewines in export markets such as United States, Japan and Europe.
All of Inniskillin's wines are VQA wines and most are varietal, and their range of table wines is marketed in five levels.
Vineyards.
Inniskillin sources its grapes both from their own vineyards, and from some contracted neighbouring vineyards in the Niagara Peninsula. In Okanagan, grapes are also sourced from the vineyards kept by the Okanaqueen Tribe. The only non-vinifera grape grown is Vidal, used for icewine. The following vineyards are used:

</doc>
<doc id="18325749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325749" title="Victor J. Gold">
Victor J. Gold

Victor J. Gold is the current dean at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles, California. 
Gold was educated at the University of California, Los Angeles, where he received a BA and a law degree. He is the author of six books on the Federal Rules of Evidence and has written numerous articles on evidence and advocacy law. He is a member of the American Law Institute and the author of bar exam questions on contracts, remedies and evidence in California and Arizona.
He has served as a legal analyst for CBS News and provided legal commentary to "The New York Times", "Los Angeles Times", ABC News, NBC News, CNN and other outlets.

</doc>
<doc id="18325753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325753" title="Slogan (disambiguation)">
Slogan (disambiguation)

A slogan is a memorable motto or phrase.
Slogan may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18325754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325754" title="Anusin">
Anusin

Anusin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325755" title="Anusin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Anusin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Anusin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325758" title="Bycz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bycz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bycz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has an approximate population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325759" title="Czarnotka">
Czarnotka

Czarnotka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325760" title="Dębołęka">
Dębołęka

Dębołęka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325761" title="Dębołęka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Dębołęka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Dębołęka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325765" title="Gradowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gradowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gradowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325767" title="Higieniewo">
Higieniewo

Higieniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325769" title="Jerzyce">
Jerzyce

Jerzyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Piotrków Kujawski, south-west of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325770" title="Kaczewo">
Kaczewo

Kaczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325771" title="Kaspral">
Kaspral

Kaspral is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325773" title="Katarzyna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Katarzyna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Katarzyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325776" title="Haguro Station (Aichi)">
Haguro Station (Aichi)

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad
 

</doc>
<doc id="18325779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325779" title="Kozy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kozy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kozy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325781" title="Łabędzin">
Łabędzin

Łabędzin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325782" title="Lubsin">
Lubsin

Lubsin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325785" title="Malina, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Malina, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Malina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325787" title="Nowa Wieś, Radziejów County">
Nowa Wieś, Radziejów County

Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325790" title="Palczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Palczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Palczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325792" title="Połajewek">
Połajewek

Połajewek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Piotrków Kujawski, south-west of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325796" title="Połajewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Połajewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Połajewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piotrków Kujawski, south-west of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325797" title="Przedłuż">
Przedłuż

Przedłuż is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325801" title="Przewóz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Przewóz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Przewóz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piotrków Kujawski, south-west of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325807" title="Hermann Rolfus">
Hermann Rolfus

Hermann Rolfus (b. at Freiburg, 24 May 1821; d. at Bühl, near Offenburg, 27 October 1896) was a German Roman Catholic priest and educator.
Life.
After attending the gymnasium at Freiburg, he studied theology and philology at the university there from 1840 to 1843, and was ordained priest on 31 August 1844. After he had served for brief periods at various places, he was appointed curate at Thiengen in 1851, curate-in-charge at Reiselfingen in 1855, parish priest at the last named place in 1861, parish priest at Reuthe near Freiburg in 1867 at Sasbach in 1875, and at Buhl in 1892. In 1867 the theological faculty at Freiburg gave him the degree of Doctor of Theology. 
Works.
Rolfus contributed to practical Catholic pedagogics by the work which he edited in conjunction with Adolf Pfister, "Real-Encyclopädie des Erziehungsund Unterrichtswesens nach katholischen Principien" (4 vols., Mainz, 1863–1866; 2nd. ed. 1872-74). A fifth volume ("Ergänzungsband", 1884) was issued by Rolfus alone.
Another influential publication was the "Suddeutsches katholisches Schulwochenblatt", which he edited, also jointly with Pfister, from 1861 to 1867. Among other works were: 
In addition he wrote a large number of pedagogic, political, apologetic, and polemical brochures, ascetic treatises, and works for the young.

</doc>
<doc id="18325808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325808" title="Rogalin, Radziejów County">
Rogalin, Radziejów County

Rogalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325811" title="Rudzk Duży">
Rudzk Duży

Rudzk Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piotrków Kujawski, south-west of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325814" title="Rudzk Mały">
Rudzk Mały

Rudzk Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325819" title="Rzeczyca, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Rzeczyca, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Rzeczyca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325824" title="Stawiska, Radziejów County">
Stawiska, Radziejów County

Stawiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325827" title="Świątniki, Radziejów County">
Świątniki, Radziejów County

Świątniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325831" title="Szewce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Szewce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Szewce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325833" title="Geology of Gotland">
Geology of Gotland

Gotland is made up of a sequence of sedimentary rocks of a Silurian age, dipping to the south-east.
The main Silurian succession of limestones and shales comprises thirteen units spanning 200-500 m of stratigraphic thickness, being thickest in the south, and overlies a 75-125 m thick Ordovician sequence. It was deposited in a shallow, hot and salty sea, on the edge of an equatorial continent. The water depth never exceeded 175–200 m, and shallowed over time as bioherm detritus, and terrestrial sediments, filled the basin. Reef growth started in the Llandovery, when the sea was 50–100 m deep, and reefs continued to dominate the sedimentary record. Some sandstones are present in the youngest rocks towards the south of the island, which represent sand bars deposited very close to the shore line.
The lime rocks have been weathered into characteristic karstic rock formations known as rauks. Fossils, mainly of rugose corals and brachiopods, are abundant throughout the island; palæo-sea-stacks are preserved in places.
The rocks of Gotland display signals of global extinction events, which take their name from parishes on the island: the Ireviken, Mulde and Lau events.
Stratigraphy.
The island is composed of the following formations, listed from youngest to oldest (i.e. from south to north).
Holocene events.
After the retreat and thinning of the Baltic Ice Sheet about 14,000 BP the island begun to rise slowly due to post-glacial rebound. The isostatic effects of the rebound coupled with the Baltic Sea's changes in sea level created a series of old shorelines and coastal cliffes in Gotland that are now out of the reach of the sea.
Further reading.
For a reconstruction of the facies of Gotland, presented as an east-west section, see page 25 of:

</doc>
<doc id="18325838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325838" title="Teodorowo, Radziejów County">
Teodorowo, Radziejów County

Teodorowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325839" title="Trojaczek">
Trojaczek

Trojaczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325841" title="Wincentowo">
Wincentowo

Wincentowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325842" title="Cape Povorotny">
Cape Povorotny

Cape Povorotny (, ) is a cape among East Coast of Primorye and South Primorye.
There is a lighthouse on Cape Povorotny which is administrated from Nakhodka.
Temperature of sea water westerly and easterly from a cape differs in 3-6°C.

</doc>
<doc id="18325844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325844" title="2008 Indian embassy bombing in Kabul">
2008 Indian embassy bombing in Kabul

The 2008 Indian embassy bombing in Kabul was a suicide bomb terror attack on the Indian embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan on 7 July 2008 at 8:30 AM local time. The bombing killed 58 people and wounded 141. The suicide car bombing took place near the gates of the embassy during morning hours when officials enter the embassy.
U.S. intelligence officials suggested that Pakistan's ISI intelligence agency had planned the attack.
Pakistan refuted this claim. United States President George W. Bush confronted Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani and stated that in the case of another such attack he would have to take "serious action".
Gilani promised to investigate the attack, although later Pakistani foreign ministry spokesman Mohammed Sadiq described President Bush's accusation as "total rubbish" and said there was no evidence of ISI involvement.
Background.
During the United States-led invasion of Afghanistan in 2001, India offered intelligence and other forms of support to the coalition forces. After the overthrow of the Taliban, India established diplomatic relations with the newly elected democratic government, provided aid and participated in Afghanistan's reconstruction efforts through the construction of roads, railways, electricity transmission lines, schools and hospitals. Indo-Afghan relations strengthened in the wake of Afghanistan's persisting tensions and problems with Pakistan, which is widely believed to shelter and support the Taliban. Both India and Afghanistan also developed strategic and military cooperation against the insurgency. India pursued a policy of close cooperation with Afghanistan in order to gain friendly influence in Central Asia as well as to keep a check on Kashmiri militants that it claims are operating from the Afghanistan-Pakistan region. India also provides training to Afghan National Army officers and military personnel at its training institutions, including the National Defence Academy and the School of Artillery at Devlali. India has also helped Afghanistan in "capacity-building" by training Afghan pilots and technicians in operating Russian-origin Mi-35 helicopter gunships. India is also a supplier of military parts for Soviet-era Afghan tanks and aircraft.
By 2007, India had pledged US$850 million to Afghan reconstruction efforts, the largest amount from any country without a military presence in Afghanistan, and later scaled up the aid to more than US$1 billion. India is currently the largest regional donor of humanitarian aid and reconstruction efforts in post-Taliban Afghanistan. About 3,000 Indians are estimated to be working on various reconstruction and developmental projects in Afghanistan, and they have often been subjected to attacks by Taliban insurgents. In November 2005, after an incident in which an Indian national was kidnapped and murdered, India deployed 200 soldiers of the elite Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) to provide security for Indian nationals and the projects supported by India. By 2008, ITBP's presence in Afghanistan was steadily increased to over 400 personnel.
India's growing influence in Afghanistan has upset Pakistan and other pro-Taliban elements. "The Times" said in an editorial that with the United States and other NATO members unwilling to sustain long-term commitments to Afghanistan, the Taliban see India as the only regional enemy capable of resisting them.
Other attacks on Indian interests.
According to the "New York Times", India's external ministry officials have been raising the issue of security of Indian personnel in Afghanistan for the past several months. The Indian consulate in Jalalabad was attacked twice by hand grenades in 2007. One soldier of the ITBP was killed and four others injured in an attack by the Taliban on 5 June 2008. In the aftermath of the attack, India's Home Ministry cautioned its ITBP personnel to take necessary precautionary measures and also to remain at guard against "fidayeen" (suicide bomber) attacks. It also noted that the security being provided by the Afghan Police was "not up to the mark". In spite of these efforts, the embassy bombing of 2008 was later followed up by the 2009 Kabul Indian embassy attack and the February 2010 Kabul attack on Indian citizens and interests in Afghanistan.
The bombing.
The car bomb detonated at approximately 8:30 a.m. local time on 7 July 2008. The Indian embassy, which is in the center of Kabul, is located across the street from the office of the Interior Ministry of the Government of Afghanistan and is close to several other government buildings. The bombing occurred on a busy, tree-lined street where people usually line up at the embassy gates to apply for visas to India. An explosive-packed Toyota Camry, driven by the suicide bomber, rammed into two Indian diplomatic vehicles entering the embassy and detonated. The gates to the embassy were blown off and the walls of some buildings in its compound were damaged. A plume of smoke and dust was seen rising from the center of Kabul city, and the explosion was heard several miles away. Several nearby shopkeepers also became immediate victims of the attack, and the nearby Indonesian embassy also suffered damage. Kabul Police immediately sealed off the area.
A statement released by the Afghan interior ministry said, "The initial findings of the ministry show that the main target of this attack has not been security forces like in most attacks but has been particularly planned to target the Indian embassy". There was immediate confusion and panic in the Indian embassy after the bomb blasts. According to a "CNN" reporter, a man who answered the phone at the Indian embassy abruptly hung up, saying, "We are not fine. All communications have been cut off". The Ministry of External Affairs of Government of India was reported to be in touch with India's ambassador to Afghanistan, Jayant Prasad. The Indian ambassador and his deputy were inside the building complex at the time of the explosion but were not hurt. Indian External Affairs Minister, Pranab Mukherjee, called for an emergency meeting of officials in Delhi after the bomb attack to review security arrangements. An anonymous person reported that rumours said the Indian embassy had previously received bomb threats.
Casualties.
Most of the 58 dead were locals and included two top Indian officials. Senior Indian Army officer Brigadier Ravi Datt Mehta was entering the embassy gates in a car along with V. Venkateswara Rao when the attack took place. Both were killed in the blast.
Casualties from other states.
Six Afghan police constables were killed and five others sustained injuries. An Afghan Indian Embassy employee by the name of Niamutullah was also killed in the blast. The five Afghan guards outside the Indonesian Embassy were killed, and two Indonesian diplomats were injured in the attack.
Investigations.
Afghanistan's intelligence agency Riyast-i-Amniyat-i-Milli, India's Research and Analysis Wing and the United States' CIA are reported to be scanning vast volumes of intercepted communications and questioning informants to find some clues. According to "CNN-IBN", Indian and Afghan agencies believe that the Pakistani Army's 324 Military Intelligence Battalion based in Peshawar had planned the attack on the Indian embassy and executed it in collaboration with either the Taliban or al-Qaida. Afghanistan's Interior Minister has stated that the suicide bombers were trained in Pakistan.
India's ambassador to Afghanistan, Jayant Prasad, stated that, after reviewing the scene, the main target of the attack was believed to be the Indian embassy building. He also added that, considering the huge amount of explosives used in the attack, it was clear that target was not top Indian diplomatic officials but the embassy itself. Bomb scene review further revealed that the embassy guard killed in the attack had his hand on the closed gates. The ambassador stated that it is likely that the guard did not open the gate because he saw a suspicious car driving behind an embassy vehicle. The suicide attacker then might have decided to explode his device near the gate rather than inside the embassy's compound. According to investigating officials, much of the impact was taken up by the sand filled blast barriers. These barriers, which were built across the embassy for added protection just one week before the blast, saved it from structural damage.
An investigative report in the "Times of India" identified the attacker as "22-year-old Hamza Shakoor from Gujranwala district in Pakistan," citing unnamed sources. It also claimed that "intelligence about an imminent attack was remarkably precise, giving an indication about the centres of planning and execution." US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates added that the US was offering help to Afghan and Indian governments to investigate further. Soon American officials came to believe that the attack was conducted by the Haqqani network, a Taliban group led by Maulavi Jalaluddin Haqqani from Pakistan.
Pakistani involvement.
On 13 July India stated their suspicions about the ISI's involvement in the attack. India’s National Security Advisor M.K. Narayanan said, "We have no doubt that the ISI is behind this."
On 1 August 2008, United States intelligence officials leaked a report to the New York Times that the attack was planned by the Pakistani intelligence service through the Haqqani network and Taliban. Their conclusions were based on intercepted communications between Pakistani intelligence officers and the perpetrators before the attack and the subsequent arrest of an ISI officer inside Afghanistan. CIA deputy director Stephen R. Kappes had visited Islamabad before the attack, to confront senior Pakistani officials with information about support provided by members of the ISI to militant groups. The NYT story claims that the ISI officers involved had not been renegades, indicating that their actions might have been authorised by superiors in the Pakistan Army.
US officials also called into question the reliability of Pakistan as an ally in the American war on terror. President George W. Bush confronted Pakistani prime minister Yusuf Raza Gillani in Washington D.C. with evidence of ISI's involvement in the Kabul attack and warned that in the case of another attack he would have to take "serious action".
Motivations.
During the Taliban regime in Afghanistan, which was backed by Pakistan, India had supported the Northern Alliance that opposed the Taliban. After the fall of the Taliban in 2001, India opened four consulates in Herat, Mazari Sharif, Kandahar and Jalalabad and backed Hamid Karzai's national government as well as the US-led ISAF against the Taliban insurgency. India is Afghanistan's fifth-largest bilateral donor and its growing presence in post-war Afghanistan has caused much concern to the Taliban and Pakistan as it views Indian measures as a threat to its influence in the region. The President of Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, had accused Afghan President Hamid Karzai of "favouring" India. Islamabad has also reportedly accused Indian consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad of providing support to insurgents in Pakistan's troubled Balochistan region, a claim repeated by Urdu newspapers to conservative and hardline Islamic constituents in the Afghanistan-Pakistan region. Coupled with Pakistan's old and documented animosity towards India, analysts claim Pakistan had strong motives to target Indian nationals and their economic projects in Afghanistan.
The statement by Afghan President Hamid Karzai noted that "enemies of Afghan-India ties were behind attack" without clearly specifying which enemies. On 7 July 2008, Afghanistan's Interior Ministry claimed that the attack was carried in collaboration with a "a regional intelligence service" and added that the bombers received training in Pakistan. Afghanistan has in the past blamed its neighbour Pakistan and its intelligence service ISI for various terror incidents on its soil.
Denying its involvement in the attacks, a Taliban spokesman said in a statement, "they (India) send secret military experts to Afghanistan and they train the Afghan army. Had we carried out the attack, we would have claimed responsibility for it with pride since we have good reasons for it." The Taliban spokesman also implicated Pakistan instead and further stated that the attack had its roots in the regional Indo-Pakistan rivalry. On 8 July, Afghanistan stated that it had no doubts that the attack was carried out in collaboration with "foreign intelligence agencies", again an implicit reference to Pakistan's ISI. Prime minister of Pakistan Yousaf Raza Gillani denied any involvement of ISI in the attack and also remarked that his country had no interest in destabilising Afghanistan. Subsequently, there have been reports of Afghan officials blaming Pakistan directly and explicitly for the attack on the Indian embassy. Indian security analysts at the Institute of Conflict Management have claimed that "the ISI-backed Taliban will not allow any Indian consolidation in Afghanistan, nor will they allow any stability in Kabul."
Denials by Pakistan.
Immediately after the report in the New York Times, Pakistani foreign ministry spokesman Mohammed Sadiq described it as "total rubbish" and said there was no evidence of ISI involvement. "The foreign newspapers keep writing such things against ISI, and we reject these allegations." On 15 October, in an India-Pakistan bilateral meeting to address cross-border terrorism and ceasefire violations, Islamabad denied any role of the ISI in the 7 July bombings. Pakistan's National Security Advisor Mahmud Ali Durrani denied involvement when asked to comment on reports alleging that ISI masterminded the Kabul blasts. It was also clarified that the Kabul bombings will be discussed in detail at the meeting of the joint anti-terror mechanism later the same month.
On 23 October, it was reported that India had shared sensitive information with Pakistan that pointed towards the ISI's alleged complicity in the embassy bombing as both countries ended a special meeting of their joint-terror mechanism on a "positive" note.
International reaction.
On behalf of states around the world, their respective representatives commented on both the attack and the resulting casualties:
Further threats to Indian nationals.
A bomb was found on a bus transporting 12 Indian road construction workers of Border Roads Organization to Afghanistan on 8 July 2008 in Zaranj, Nimruz, a day after the attack on Indian embassy in Kabul. The engineers and workers on board reported having noticed a "suspicious package" after boarding the bus on the day, but it was only after further investigation that it was revealed that a remote-operated bomb had been placed on board. Provincial governor Ghulam Dastgir Azad placed the blame for the attempted bombing of the workers on Taliban militants, who have been responsible for more than a dozen worker deaths in the area over the last few years.
Calls for Indian military intervention.
According to some defence analysts, India should increase its military presence in Afghanistan not only to protect Indian projects and nationals there, but also to aid the coalition forces to improve the overall security situation in the war-torn country. Gurmeet Kanwal, head of the Center for Land Warfare Studies, said, "I would say the time has come to live up to our responsibility. If it involves military intervention, so be it." C. Raja Mohan, an Indian foreign policy analyst, urged India's government to increase military presence in Afghanistan and also added "Afghanistan needs to be stabilised. Pakistan needs to be stabilised. This requires more drastic remedies." In April 2008 Afghanistan's Defense Minister formally requested India's help in counter-insurgency operations during his visit to New Delhi. India has already provided large-scale military equipment to the Afghan National Army and has also given crucial intelligence inputs to the United States-led coalition forces. Several members of the Afghan army have undergone anti-terrorist training in India and in April 2007, the Indian Army also sent a delegation to set up an army training school in Afghanistan and Uzbekistan. In September 2007, India held a joint military exercise with the United Kingdom to train British forces in counter-insurgency operations, particularly those in Afghanistan. India also has an operational air force command at the Farkhor Air Base in neighbouring Tajikistan. "Indian Express" said in an editorial, "after the Kabul bombing, India must come to terms with an important question that it has avoided debating so far. New Delhi cannot continue to expand its economic and diplomatic activity in Afghanistan, while avoiding a commensurate increase in its military presence there. For too long, New Delhi has deferred to Pakistani and American sensitivities about raising India's strategic profile in Afghanistan." However, some analysts have feared that if India joins the United States-led coalition forces in Afghanistan, it would harm the soft power it has gradually built in the region as a result of the widespread popularity of Bollywood films and Indian television soaps among Afghans.

</doc>
<doc id="18325845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325845" title="Wincentowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wincentowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wincentowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piotrków Kujawski, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325846" title="Wójcin, Radziejów County">
Wójcin, Radziejów County

Wójcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325847" title="Zakręta">
Zakręta

Zakręta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325848" title="Zborowiec">
Zborowiec

Zborowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piotrków Kujawski, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325852" title="Conteo de Población y Vivienda">
Conteo de Población y Vivienda

The Conteo de Población y Vivienda ("Count of Population and Housing") is a national census compiled by the government of Mexico, taken intermedially between the more comprehensive national general censuses ("Censo General de Población y Vivienda"). Like the general census, the "Conteo" is conducted on a decennial basis—every ten years in a year ending in 5, while the "censo general" is conducted in years ending in 0. The first "conteo" was conducted in 1995, and the second in 2005, intermediate between the last "censo general" in 2000 and the next scheduled census in 2010.
The responsibility for designing and carrying out the "conteo" and the general census lies with the national statistics body, INEGI (Instituto Nacional de Estadística, Geografía e Informática).

</doc>
<doc id="18325853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325853" title="Bieganowo">
Bieganowo

Bieganowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325854" title="Bieganowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bieganowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bieganowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325856" title="Biskupice, Radziejów County">
Biskupice, Radziejów County

Biskupice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325858" title="Broniewek">
Broniewek

Broniewek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325862" title="Broniewo, Radziejów County">
Broniewo, Radziejów County

Broniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325863" title="Czołówek">
Czołówek

Czołówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325864" title="Czołowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Czołowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Czołowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325871" title="Kłonówek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kłonówek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kłonówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325873" title="Jimokuji Station">
Jimokuji Station

History.
Jimokuji Station was opened on January 23, 1914. 
Layout.
Jimokuji Station has a two opposed side platforms. The platforms are not even: the platform for trains in the direction of Nagoya is longer, and can accommodate trains of eight carriages in length, whereas the opposing platform is shorter, and can accommodate trains of only up to six carriages.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18325876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325876" title="Kwilno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kwilno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kwilno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325878" title="Peakirk railway station">
Peakirk railway station

Peakirk railway station served the parish of Peakirk in Cambridgeshire.
The station building was converted into a private residence in the early 1990s. It is notable for having few external alterations, excluding a recent extension. Many of the original features are intact, though the platform and good yards have been removed and been replaced with housing. 
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18325880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325880" title="Łany Wybranieckie">
Łany Wybranieckie

Łany Wybranieckie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325884" title="Leonowo, Gmina Radziejów">
Leonowo, Gmina Radziejów

Leonowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325887" title="Opatowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Opatowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Opatowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325890" title="Piołunowo">
Piołunowo

Piołunowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325895" title="Kida Station">
Kida Station

History.
Kida Station was opened on January 23, 1914. The platforms were lengthened in 1980, and an overpass was constructed in 1981. 
Layout.
Kida Station has a two opposed side platforms. The platforms are not even: the platform for trains in the direction of Nagoya is longer, and can accommodate trains of eight carriages in length, whereas the opposing platform is shorter, and can accommodate trains of only up to six carriages.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18325904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325904" title="Plebanka, Radziejów County">
Plebanka, Radziejów County

Plebanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325907" title="36th G8 summit">
36th G8 summit

The 36th G8 summit was held in Huntsville, Ontario, Canada, from June 25 to June 26, 2010. In this year's meeting, the G8 leaders agreed in reaffirming the group's essential and continuing role in international affairs. and "assertions of new-found relevance." The form and function of the G8 was reevaluated as the G-20 summits evolved into the premier forum for discussing, planning and monitoring international economic
cooperation.
This was the fifth G8 Summit hosted by Canada since 1976, the previous four being at Montebello, Quebec (1981); Toronto, Ontario (1988); Halifax, Nova Scotia (1995); and Kananaskis, Alberta (2002). The Canadian government picked Huntsville, a small town of 20,000, to host the annual summit and core meetings. Meetings took place at the Deerhurst Resort. Facilities were built to ensure security and to handle the expected influx of media, protesters and others. Muskoka was deemed too small, and a Toronto venue for the G-20 summit was adopted.
The late scheduling of a G20 summit in Toronto affected the G8 weekend in unanticipated ways. The meeting came to be framed in the press as a preliminary meeting. The theme for this summit is "Recovery and New Beginning,". The G8 summit was an opportunity for a wide variety of non-governmental organizations, activists and civic groups to congregate and discuss a multitude of issues; but the dramatic demonstrations at the G20 summit in Toronto eclipsed protests primarily focused on the conferring G8 leaders.
Overview.
The Group of Seven (G7) was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries: France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States and Canada starting in 1976. The G8, meeting for the first time in 1997, was formed with the addition of Russia. In addition, the President of the European Commission has been formally included in summits since 1981. The summits were not meant to be linked formally with wider international institutions; and in fact, a mild rebellion against the stiff formality of other international meetings was a part of the genesis of cooperation between France's President Giscard d'Estaing and West Germany's Chancellor Helmut Schmidt as they conceived the initial summit of the Group of Six (G6) in 1975.
The G8 summits during the 21st-century have inspired widespread debates, protests and demonstrations; and the two- or three-day event becomes more than the sum of its parts, elevating the participants, the issues and the venue as focal points for activist pressure.
The current form of the G8 is being evaluated. Some reports attribute resistance to change among the smaller powers such as Italy, Canada and Japan, who are said to perceive a dilution of their global stature. Alternately, a larger forum for global governance may be more reflective of the present multi-polar world. The forum is in a process of transformation.
Leaders at the summit.
The G8 is an unofficial annual forum for the leaders of Canada, the European Commission, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States.
France anticipates enlarging the G8 to the G14, which would be the G8 plus the G5 (Brazil, India, China, South Africa and Mexico + 1 Muslim country);
The summit was the first for British Prime Minister David Cameron and Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan.
Core G8 participants.
These summit participants represent the current core members of the international forum:
Invited leaders (partial participation).
A number of national leaders are traditionally invited to attend the summit and to participate in some, but not all, G8 summit activities. In Huntsville, the G8 leaders met with leaders of seven African countries and with the leaders of Colombia, Haiti and Jamaica.
Africa outreach.
The summit included an "Africa outreach" session.
Heads of international organizations.
Leaders of the major international organizations have also been invited to attend in the past; and this practice is continued, including:
Agenda.
Traditionally, the host country of the G8 summit sets the agenda for negotiations, which take place primarily amongst multi-national civil servants in the weeks before the summit itself, leading to a joint declaration which all countries can agree to sign. Prime Minister Harper explained at outset,
In early June, Harper was more specific. Canada wanted to focus on the economy, with emphasis placed on reforming the financial sector, and finding European support for plans to return to fiscal stability.
The summit was intended as a venue for resolving differences among its members. As a practical matter, the summit was also conceived as an opportunity for its members to give each other mutual encouragement in the face of difficult economic decisions.
Economy.
Economic recovery from global recession and specifically the European debt crisis were at the forefront of negotiation.
A tax on banking institutions, either to ultimately bailout the banks should they fail or as a so-called "Robin Hood tax", a transaction tax which would fuel international aid, was discussed and supported by European countries France and Germany but opposed by the US and Canada, although nothing binding was resolved.
International relations.
The nuclear programs of Iran and North Korea were criticized by leaders, who expressed concern that they might destabilize their regions. Israel too was criticized for its ongoing blockade of the Gaza strip. North Korea was also criticized for the sinking of a South Korean ship.
Afghanistan was given five years to reduce corruption and increase security in the country.
The leaders at the summit pledged $5 billion toward international aid, less than the predicted $50 billion that was promised for 2010 at the 2005 G8 summit. This money is mostly destined for poorer countries in Africa and Asia. This reduction was seen as a consequence of increased deficits and tighter financial situations in richer countries. As part of the discussion, leaders from Haiti, Jamaica, Senegal, Algeria, Ethiopia, Malawi, Nigeria, South Africa and Egypt were invited to talk.
Response.
Protesters and demonstrations.
Prior to its start, protest groups and other activists were expected to make a showing at the summit. At Huntsville, public protests were small.
Oxfam staged a protest with people wearing giant papier mache heads of the G8 leaders. Oxfam's goal was to put the issue of extreme poverty on the summit agenda, but a spokesman described the Huntsville protests as something akin to "benign nuisance."
Not all demonstrations originated from outside the local community. One 2008 letter to the editor of the "Huntsville Forester" suggested that the way in which local communities plan for 2010 could be seen as an "incredible opportunity to demonstrate for change in the world:"
A group of locals urged G8 leaders to declare water a human right. The group organized a march through the town centre Friday morning.
Independent documentary.
In December 2008, two independent filmmakers from northern Germany began introducing themselves and interviewing people in Huntsville. Their plans include making a documentary on the preparations for the upcoming G8 Summit. They also anticipate the impact and after-effects of the event. They hope to screen the finished documentary at an international film festival
Counter-conference.
A religious counter-summit was planned to coincide with the G8 summit in 2010. The Canadian Council of Churches was organizing the event, anticipating that South Africa's Desmond Tutu, the Dalai Lama and Prince Karīm al-Hussainī Aga Khan IV would be amongst the internationally known figures who plan to attend the multi-faith conference at the University of Winnipeg. Similar conferences have been held alongside the G8 summits since 2005. Groundwork for this event began when Canada's 2010 venue was announced in 2008 at the Hokkaido summit. Counter-summit organizers projected that it would be difficult for political leaders to ignore the admonitions of the world's religious leaders, even as they might tend to marginalize the protesters who battle police at each G8 meeting.
Accomplishments.
The G8 summit historically serves to draw international attention to difficult problems and to reach general agreements, not necessarily as a place to hammer out detailed solutions. Therefore the accomplishments of the conference are unlikely to be final solutions.
Muskoka infrastructure.
Prime Minister Harper anticipated that "the 2010 G8 Summit will provide short and long-term economic benefits for the region and the province, and would be an exceptional opportunity for Canada to advance its values and interests on the world stage." The real estate industry expected to benefit—for example, cottage owners in the area looked to capitalize by renting their properties dignitaries. The local Huntsville-Lake of Bays Chamber of Commerce, believed the summit will produce economic spin-off and long-term benefits; but some residents were skeptical.
Infrastructure Consortium for Africa.
The Infrastructure Consortium for Africa (ICA) was established at the 31st G8 summit at Gleneagles, Scotland in 2005. Since that time, the ICA's annual meeting is traditionally hosted by the country holding the Presidency of the G8—in 2010 in Canada.
Security.
The Summit security was designed with the impact of the precautions on residents in mind. In February 2009, local residents and their representatives were working together to anticipate what it would be like to live through a period of heightened security. The RCMP and OPP were simultaneously conducting security reviews of the area and event.
Securing protesters' rights.
In the aftermath of the 1997 APEC summit in Vancouver, a Canadian judge concluded that protesters have the right to be seen and heard, which means that visiting leaders cannot be shielded from lawful protests. Canadian officials have determined that this means arrangements would have to be made so that protesters would be visible to those participating in the summit.
Budget.
In March 2009, summit manager Gérald Cossette projected: "Organizing a G8 event is like moving from a beast to a ballet. Now it's a beast; but by the time the summit unfolds, it's going to be a ballet."
The Canadian government announced in February 2009 that it expected to invest $50 million in hosting the G-8 summit.
With the addition of a G20 summit in Toronto, the budget expanded. The total security cost was estimated at approximately C$1 billion, but more specific figures will not be known until the meetings have ended.
Local organizing plans.
At early planning sessions and meetings with his constituents, Tony Clement (MP for Parry Sound-Muskoka) offered tentative ideas about the organizational structure for the area communities as preparations for the 2010 G8 Summit in Huntsville begin to take shape. He said one goal was to minimize the footprint and impact of the security details on the local region.
As the organizing process unfolded, some changes marked the evolution of this international event. For example, a wider emphasis on the Muskoka region is presented in the logo associated with the federal government's official website for the summit. Huntsville's G8 logo was selected in early 2009; and some G8-related activities still feature the town's distinctive summit logo.
Canada 2010.
Anticipating the G8 summit, Prime Minister Harper explained that "Huntsville is a jewel in the Canadian Shield and an ideal location for this gathering of world leaders." When the G8 meets in Ontario in 2010, Harper said, "Our international guests will be charmed by the uniquely Canadian beauty of the region." Canada hosted other international events in the same year, including:
The summit was the second time it has occurred with an Olympic event in the same country. The 14th G7 summit was held Toronto and in the same year as the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary.

</doc>
<doc id="18325911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325911" title="Pruchnowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Pruchnowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Pruchnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325912" title="Przemystka">
Przemystka

Przemystka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325914" title="Rokitki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Rokitki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Rokitki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325916" title="Skibin">
Skibin

Skibin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325920" title="Stare Płowki">
Stare Płowki

Stare Płowki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325921" title="Yozo Matsushima">
Yozo Matsushima

Early life.
Matsushima was born on February 11, 1921 in Sakai City, Osaka Prefecture, Japan. He studied at Osaka Imperial University (later named Osaka University) and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in mathematics in September 1942. At Osaka, he was taught by mathematicians Kenjiro Shoda. After completing his degree, he was appointed as an assistant in the Mathematical Institute of Nagoya Imperial University (later named Nagoya University). These were difficult years for Japanese students and researchers because of World War II.
The first paper published by Matsushima contained a proof that a conjecture of Hans Zassenhaus was false. Zassenhaus had conjectured that every semisimple Lie algebra "L" over a field of prime characteristic, with ["L", "L"] = "L", is the direct sum of simple ideals. Matsushima constructed a counterexample. He then developed a proof that Cartan subalgebras of a complex Lie algebra are conjugate. However, Japanese researchers were out of touch with the research done in the West, and Matsushima was unaware that French mathematician Claude Chevalley had already published a proof. When he obtained details of another paper of Chevalley through a review in Mathematical Reviews, he was able to construct the proofs for himself.
Matsushima published two papers in the 1947 volume of the Proceedings of the Japan Academy (which did not appear until 1950) and three papers in the first volume of Journal of the Mathematical Society of Japan.
Professorship.
Matsushima became a full professor at Nagoya University in 1953. Chevalley visited Matsushima in Nagoya in 1953 and invited him to spend the following year in France. He went to France in 1954 and returned to Nagoya in December 1955. He also spent time at the University of Strasbourg. He presented some of his results to Ehresmann's seminar in Strasbourg, extending Cartan's classification of complex irreducible Lie algebras to the case of real Lie algebras.
In spring 1960, Matsushima became a professor of Osaka University as successor to the chair of Shoda. His research took a somewhat different direction and he wrote a series of papers on cohomology of locally symmetric spaces, collaborating with Murakami. He went to the Institute for Advanced Study in September 1962 and returned to Osaka after one year. He jointly began to organize the United States-Japan Seminar in Differential Geometry, which was held in Kyoto in June 1965. After this, he went to France and spent the academic year 1965-66 as visiting professor at the University of Grenoble. He accepted a chair at the University of Notre Dame in Notre Dame, Indiana in September 1966. He continued to collaborate with Murakami. He introduced Matsushima's formula for the Betti numbers of quotients of symmetric spaces. In 1967, he became an editor of the Journal of Differential Geometry and remained on the editorial board for the rest of his life. After 14 years at Notre Dame, he returned to Japan in 1980. A conference was organized in his honor in May 1980 before he left Notre Dame.
Later life.
In February 1981, a volume of papers "Manifolds and Lie groups, Papers in honour of Yozo Matsushima" was published by his colleagues and former students at Osaka. It also contained some papers presented to the conference held in Notre Dame in the previous May. He died on April 9, 1983 in Osaka, Japan.
Honours.
Matsushima received the Asahi Prize for his research on continuous groups in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="18325924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325924" title="Stary Radziejów">
Stary Radziejów

Stary Radziejów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.

</doc>
<doc id="18325927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325927" title="Stary Radziejów-Kolonia">
Stary Radziejów-Kolonia

Stary Radziejów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325928" title="Szostka Duża">
Szostka Duża

Szostka Duża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325929" title="Shobata Station">
Shobata Station

History.
Shobata Station was opened on January 23, 1914. 
Layout.
Shobata Station has two opposed side platforms, connected by an overpass. The platforms are not even: the platform for trains in the direction of Nagoya is longer, and can accommodate trains of eight carriages in length, whereas the opposing platform is shorter, and can accommodate trains of only up to six carriages. 
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18325930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325930" title="Szybka">
Szybka

Szybka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325932" title="Tarnówka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Tarnówka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Tarnówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325934" title="Zagorzyce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Zagorzyce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Zagorzyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejów, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325937" title="St James Deeping railway station">
St James Deeping railway station

St James Deeping is a former railway station in Lincolnshire, England. It was on a line running from Peterborough to Spalding which is still open for passenger and freight traffic. 

</doc>
<doc id="18325948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325948" title="Bielki">
Bielki

Bielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325951" title="Borek, Radziejów County">
Borek, Radziejów County

Borek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325953" title="Chalno">
Chalno

Chalno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325954" title="Shippō Station">
Shippō Station

History.
Shippō Station was opened on January 23, 1914. It has been unattended since March 1952 – October 1961, and again from July 2005. 
Layout.
Shippō Station has a two opposed side platforms. The platforms are not even: the platform for trains in the direction of Nagoya is longer, and can accommodate trains of eight carriages in length, whereas the opposing platform is shorter, and can accommodate trains of only up to six carriages. The platforms are connected by a level crossing.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18325955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325955" title="Chalno-Parcele">
Chalno-Parcele

Chalno-Parcele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325957" title="Czamanin">
Czamanin

Czamanin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325958" title="Czamanin-Kolonia">
Czamanin-Kolonia

Czamanin-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325960" title="Czamaninek">
Czamaninek

Czamaninek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325961" title="Dębianki">
Dębianki

Dębianki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325969" title="Galonki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Galonki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Galonki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325973" title="Głuszynek">
Głuszynek

Głuszynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325975" title="Iłowo">
Iłowo

Iłowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325976" title="Iłowo, Radziejów County">
Iłowo, Radziejów County

Iłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325978" title="Jurkowo">
Jurkowo

Jurkowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18325979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325979" title="Littleworth railway station">
Littleworth railway station

Littleworth railway station is a former railway station in Deeping St Nicholas, Lincolnshire, on the Peterborough to Lincoln Line. It opened in 1848 and was closed for passengers in 1961.
Some of the station buildings and goods shed are still standing and are used as commercial premises.
The line is still open and is used by passenger services between Peterborough, Spalding and Lincoln Central
History.
The line was built in 1848. The station was closed in 1961 but the line through the station remained open for passenger trains until 5 October 1970 and re-opened on 7 June 1971 for Peterborough-Spalding services. The intermediate stations, including Littleworth, were not re-opened.
Much of the goods traffic was agricultural produce, including potatoes, From the Dennis family farms. A Narrow gauge railway was used to bring potatoes in from the fields to a depot across the road from the goods shed. The Narrow gauge line crossed the road at Littleworth, and portions could still be seen in the 1960s. The same family owned the Nocton potato railway, much of whose equipment was re-used for the Lincolnshire Coast Light Railway. While the line at Littleworth was the same gauge, it appears to have been horsedrawn.
Former Services
The future.
Some residents of Deeping St Nicholas are keen to see the station re-open to serve the village with a commuter service to Peterborough.

</doc>
<doc id="18325983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325983" title="Jurkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jurkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jurkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325985" title="Aotsuka Station">
Aotsuka Station

History.
Aotsuka Station was opened on January 23, 1914. The station building was rebuilt in 2005. 
Layout.
Aotsuka Station has a two opposed side platforms. The platforms are not even: the platform for trains in the direction of Nagoya is longer, and can accommodate trains of eight carriages in length, whereas the opposing platform is shorter, and can accommodate trains of only up to six carriages.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18325987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325987" title="Kamieńczyk, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kamieńczyk, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kamieńczyk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18325996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18325996" title="Kamieniec, Radziejów County">
Kamieniec, Radziejów County

Kamieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326000" title="Karczówek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Karczówek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Karczówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326003" title="Kozjaty">
Kozjaty

Kozjaty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326004" title="Miłachówek">
Miłachówek

Miłachówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326009" title="Opielanka">
Opielanka

Opielanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326010" title="Orle, Radziejów County">
Orle, Radziejów County

Orle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326011" title="Fujinami Station (Aichi)">
Fujinami Station (Aichi)

History.
Fujinami Station was opened on January 1, 1923. The tracks were elevated in July 2002, and the new (and unattended) station building was completed at that time. 
Layout.
Fujinami Station has two elevated opposed side platforms, with the station building located underneath. The station is normally unattended.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nagoya Railroad

</doc>
<doc id="18326013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326013" title="Paniewek">
Paniewek

Paniewek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326017" title="Paniewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Paniewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Paniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326020" title="Rogalki">
Rogalki

Rogalki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326023" title="Rybiny">
Rybiny

Rybiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326026" title="Sadłóg">
Sadłóg

Sadłóg is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326029" title="Sadłóżek">
Sadłóżek

Sadłóżek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326032" title="Sierakowy">
Sierakowy

Sierakowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326038" title="Świerczyn, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Świerczyn, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Świerczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326043" title="Świerczynek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Świerczynek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Świerczynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326046" title="Świnki">
Świnki

Świnki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326050" title="Świnki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Świnki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Świnki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326052" title="Topólka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Topólka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Topólka () is a village in Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Topólka. It lies approximately south-east of Radziejów and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326053" title="Torzewo">
Torzewo

Torzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326060" title="Wola Jurkowa">
Wola Jurkowa

Wola Jurkowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326062" title="Wyrobki">
Wyrobki

Wyrobki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18326063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326063" title="Franz Behr">
Franz Behr

Franz Behr (22 July 1837 – 15 February 1898) was a prolific, but minor, and now almost forgotten, German composer of songs and salon pieces for piano.
Behr was popular at one time, and many of his works were published (his opus numbers reached at least 582, with "Royal Gavotte"). His works include names such as "The Camp of the Gypsies" ("Im Zigeunerlager", Op. 424 No. 3), "Will o' the wisp" (Op. 309 No. 2), "Valse des Elfes" (Op. 497), "Perciotta, serenande catalane", and "Evening Chimes in the Mountains". He also wrote under the name G. Bachmann ("Marche bulgare", "Succès-mazurk", "Collier de rubis", "Paris-valse", "Gavotte duchesse", "Floréal mazurka").
However, the only piece of his that appears in the modern-day repertoire is Lachtäubchen, Scherzpolka in F major, Op. 303 (also known by its French title "La rieuse, polka badine"), and then only in the form of a transcription as a virtuoso piano piece, Polka de W.R., by Sergei Rachmaninoff. The tune was a favourite of Rachmaninoff's father Vassily (the "W. R." in the title refers to his father's initials in the German transliteration, Wassily Rachmaninoff), but it is not known whether Rachmaninoff knew its true author to be Behr, or whether he believed the melody was concocted by his father. Behr was given no mention in the published edition of "Polka de W.R.", and it was universally believed to be an original work of Rachmaninoff's until the late 20th century, when the true author of the melody was identified. The piece is now generally listed as being by "Behr/Rachmaninoff", or "Behr, arr. Rachmaninoff". 

</doc>
<doc id="18326064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326064" title="Wyrobki, Radziejów County">
Wyrobki, Radziejów County

Wyrobki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Topólka, south of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326065" title="Mason City, Iowa micropolitan area">
Mason City, Iowa micropolitan area

The Mason City Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties in north central Iowa, anchored by the city of Mason City.
As of the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 54,356 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 51,150).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 54,356 people, 22,652 households, and 14,664 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 96.57% White, 0.73% African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.62% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.81% from other races, and 1.10% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.60% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $36,156, and the median income for a family was $43,931. Males had a median income of $29,859 versus $21,339 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $18,068.

</doc>
<doc id="18326070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326070" title="Żabiniec">
Żabiniec

Żabiniec may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326071" title="Żabiniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Żabiniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Żabiniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326073" title="Zgniły Głuszynek">
Zgniły Głuszynek

Zgniły Głuszynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326074" title="Znaniewo">
Znaniewo

Znaniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Topólka, south-east of Radziejów, and south of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326097" title="Balin, Rypin County">
Balin, Rypin County

Balin () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326101" title="Borzymin">
Borzymin

Borzymin () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326103" title="Cetki">
Cetki

Cetki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326104" title="Czyżewo">
Czyżewo

Czyżewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326106" title="Czyżewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Czyżewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Czyżewo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326109" title="Dębiany">
Dębiany

Dębiany may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326112" title="Dębiany, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Dębiany, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Dębiany () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326120" title="Dylewo, Rypin County">
Dylewo, Rypin County

Dylewo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326121" title="Premlata Katiyar">
Premlata Katiyar

Prem Lata Katiyar is a former cabinet minister in Government of Uttar Pradesh in India. She is the Vice-President of Bharatiya Janata Party Uttar Pradesh unit. She is now a MLA from Kanpur. She is from Kurmi community. Premlata Katiyar has been a minister in governments in Uttar Pradesh headed by Kalyan Singh, Ram Prakash Gupta, Rajnath Singh and even Mayawati (when the BSP had a tie-up with the BJP). 
Representing Kanpur’s Kalyanpur Assembly seat (under which IIT-Kanpur falls) continuously since 1991, this Kurmi leader has no relative connection with another UP BJP leader Vinay Katiyar. While Vinay Katiyar is known more for his hardline Hindutva, Premlata’s association with the BJP began with the anti-Emergency movement. Her daughter, Neelima, is now an office-bearer in the state Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha.

</doc>
<doc id="18326123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326123" title="Głowińsk">
Głowińsk

Głowińsk () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Rypin and east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326127" title="Godziszewy">
Godziszewy

Godziszewy () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326130" title="Iwany">
Iwany

Iwany () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rypin and east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326131" title="Jasin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jasin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jasin () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326132" title="Kowalki">
Kowalki

Kowalki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326134" title="Kowalki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kowalki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kowalki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326138" title="Kwiatkowo, Rypin County">
Kwiatkowo, Rypin County

Kwiatkowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326140" title="Ławy">
Ławy

Ławy may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326144" title="Ławy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Ławy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Ławy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326149" title="Linne, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Linne, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Linne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326151" title="Marianki, Rypin County">
Marianki, Rypin County

Marianki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326153" title="Nowe Sadłowo">
Nowe Sadłowo

Nowe Sadłowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326157" title="Podole, Rypin County">
Podole, Rypin County

Podole () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rypin and east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326158" title="Puszcza Miejska">
Puszcza Miejska

Puszcza Miejska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326161" title="Puszcza Rządowa">
Puszcza Rządowa

Puszcza Rządowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326164" title="Rakowo">
Rakowo

Rakowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326167" title="Rakowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Rakowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Rakowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Rypin and east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326170" title="Rusinowo">
Rusinowo

Rusinowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326172" title="Rusinowo, Rypin County">
Rusinowo, Rypin County

Rusinowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326176" title="Rypałki Prywatne">
Rypałki Prywatne

Rypałki Prywatne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326177" title="Sadłowo">
Sadłowo

Sadłowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326181" title="Sadłowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sadłowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sadłowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rypin and east of Toruń.
The village has an approximate population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326182" title="Sadłowo-Rumunki">
Sadłowo-Rumunki

Sadłowo-Rumunki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Rypin and east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326185" title="Sikory">
Sikory

Sikory may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18326187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326187" title="Sikory, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sikory, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sikory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326191" title="Starorypin">
Starorypin

Starorypin () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326192" title="Starorypin Prywatny">
Starorypin Prywatny

Starorypin Prywatny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rypin and east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326193" title="Starorypin Rządowy">
Starorypin Rządowy

Starorypin Rządowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rypin and east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326194" title="Stawiska, Rypin County">
Stawiska, Rypin County

Stawiska () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326199" title="Stępowo">
Stępowo

Stępowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326201" title="Zakrocz">
Zakrocz

Zakrocz () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Rypin and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326210" title="Saxby railway station">
Saxby railway station

Saxby railway station was a station serving the villages of Saxby and Freeby, Leicestershire. It was located between the two villages, and accessed along a turning from the B676 road, now known as "Old Station Drive".
History.
The Syston and Peterborough Railway was opened in stages; the third and last section of line, between and opened for goods traffic on 20 March 1848, and for passengers on 1 May 1848. The station at Saxby opened on 1 February 1849, and was at the north end of a tight curve around a corner of Stapleford Park.
The curve was considered unsuitable for express trains running between Kettering and Nottingham via the Manton loop, so an easier curve was built in 1892 together with a new Saxby station, which opened on 28 August 1892. The original station on a stub of the original line continued in use for goods.
Saxby became a junction when the Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway (M&GN) opened on 1 May 1894. The new line was Midland Railway property as far as Little Bytham junction, between and .
The M&GN line closed to passengers after the last train on 28 February 1959, although the section between Saxby and remained open for goods trains.
The station closed on 6 February 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="18326217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326217" title="Thierry Braspenning-Balzacq">
Thierry Braspenning-Balzacq

Thierry Braspenning-Balzacq is a Belgian professor of political sciences and international relations at Namur University (FUNDP, Belgium), where he teaches and conduct research on IR theory, European policies, and epistemology of the social sciences. He is also associate member of the CECRI at Université Catholique de Louvain (Belgium), and professor at IEP Paris (France).
Recipient of various degrees in political sciences and philosophy at Université Catholique de Louvain (Belgium) and of a PhD in IR at Cambridge University (United Kingdom), he is the author of several books and academic articles, such as "Security versus Freedom: a challenge for Europe's future" (with S. Carrera), "The three faces of securitization: political agency, audience and context", and "La politique européenne de voisinage, un complexe de sécurité à géométrie variable".

</doc>
<doc id="18326222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326222" title="Baba, Rypin County">
Baba, Rypin County

Baba is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Skrwilno, south-east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326224" title="Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Monterrey">
Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Monterrey

The Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Monterrey Campus (in Spanish: Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey, Campus Monterrey) officially shortened as Tecnológico de Monterrey, Campus Monterrey, is the flagship campus of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education private university system.
Academics.
As the Institute is a multiple campus university, most programs and general academic policies are shared among them. However, the Monterrey Campus is significantly more selective in its admissions, requiring a grade average of 80 or 90 in high school (on a 100-point scale) for those willing to transfer or apply as a freshman since 2007. , 50% of its freshman class had an average grade of 90 and 25% had an average grade of 95 out of 100 at high school level.
Colleges.
ITESM has 43 programs in 8 colleges.
Also offers 32 master's degree and 7 doctorades degree.
Student life.
, some 1,100 foreign students from 56 countries were studying at the Monterrey Campus, half of them as regular students.

</doc>
<doc id="18326227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326227" title="WSGM">
WSGM

WSGM (104.7 FM), is a radio station broadcasting from Tracy City, Tennessee broadcasting an all-gospel format.
WSGM is owned and operated by the Cumberland Communications Cooperation. The current president of the cooperation is Dr. Byron Harbolt, well known in the area for offering healthcare to patients for very low prices. WSGM Radio first went on the air in 1994, barely beating the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) deadline. The general manager at the time, Jerry Fletcher, conducted Grundy County's first radio broadcast which only lasted about 6 hours. All the music at the time was played off of a reel to reel machine.

</doc>
<doc id="18326230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326230" title="Borki, Rypin County">
Borki, Rypin County

Borki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Skrwilno, east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326234" title="Budziska">
Budziska

Budziska may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18326239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326239" title="Budziska, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Budziska, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Budziska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326241" title="Czarnia Duża">
Czarnia Duża

Czarnia Duża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Skrwilno, south-east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326243" title="Czarnia Mała">
Czarnia Mała

Czarnia Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Skrwilno, south-east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326244" title="Kotowy">
Kotowy

Kotowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Skrwilno, north-east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326246" title="Mościska, Gmina Skrwilno">
Mościska, Gmina Skrwilno

Mościska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326247" title="Nowe Skudzawy">
Nowe Skudzawy

Nowe Skudzawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326249" title="Okalewo">
Okalewo

Okalewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Skrwilno, east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
The village has a population of 900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326250" title="Arkansas Midland Railroad (1992)">
Arkansas Midland Railroad (1992)

The Arkansas Midland Railroad is a Class III short-line railroad headquartered in Malvern, Arkansas.
AKMD operates of line in Arkansas consisting of seven disconnected branch lines and two sister railroads, the Prescott & Northwestern (PNW) and the Warren & Saline River (WSR). The AKMD branches were formerly part of the Union Pacific Railroad, or a predecessor, while the PNW and WSR lines were acquired from Potlatch Corporation. All branch lines connect (interchange traffic) with Union Pacific Railroad. AKMD also interchanges with BNSF in North Little Rock.
AKMD traffic generally consists of forest and agricultural products, aggregates, aluminum, building materials and chemicals.
AKMD is a subsidiary of Pinsly Railroad Company, a holding company owning seven short-line railroads in the United States. The Hot Springs, Helena and Galloway branches are owned by AKMD (purchased in 1992); the Warren, Cypress Bend and Jacksonville branches are leased; the PNW and WSR are owned by Pinsly and operated by AKMD.

</doc>
<doc id="18326252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326252" title="Otocznia">
Otocznia

Otocznia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Skrwilno, south-east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326254" title="Przywitowo">
Przywitowo

Przywitowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Skrwilno, east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326256" title="Rak, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Rak, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Rak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Skrwilno, east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326258" title="Ruda, Gmina Skrwilno">
Ruda, Gmina Skrwilno

Ruda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Skrwilno, south-east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326259" title="Skrwilno">
Skrwilno

Skrwilno is a village in Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Skrwilno. It lies approximately south-east of Rypin and east of Toruń.
The village has an approximate population of 1,700.

</doc>
<doc id="18326261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326261" title="Skudzawy">
Skudzawy

Skudzawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326263" title="Szczawno">
Szczawno

Szczawno may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326266" title="Gothong Southern">
Gothong Southern

Gothong Southern or Gothong Southern Shipping Lines Incorporated is a shipping and cargo line based in Cebu City. The company was established by Bob Gothong in 2003 and is different from the original Carlos A. Gothong Lines Inc. Gothong Southern provides freight forwarding in the country. Being in the logistics industry, the company also provides specialized services for container and chassis repairs, offering integrated port services and shipping line activities. The company operates from out of six main hubs in Luzon, Western Visayas, Central Visayas, Northern Mindanao and Southern Mindanao.
Vessels.
Gothong Southern currently have 6 Cargo Vessels:
Cargo Vessels

</doc>
<doc id="18326267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326267" title="Szczawno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Szczawno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Szczawno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Skrwilno, east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326270" title="Szucie">
Szucie

Szucie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326272" title="Szustek">
Szustek

Szustek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Skrwilno, east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326275" title="Urszulewo">
Urszulewo

Urszulewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Skrwilno, south-east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326285" title="Wólka, Rypin County">
Wólka, Rypin County

Wólka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Skrwilno, east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326287" title="Zambrzyca">
Zambrzyca

Zambrzyca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Skrwilno, south-east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326289" title="Zofiewo">
Zofiewo

Zofiewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Skrwilno, north-east of Rypin, and east of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326296" title="Eduardo Domínguez">
Eduardo Domínguez

Eduardo Rodrigo Domínguez (born September 1, 1978 in Lanús) is an Argentine soccer player who currently plays for Club Atlético Huracán in the Argentine Primera B Nacional.
Career.
Club career.
Domínguez began his career with Vélez Sársfield in 1996. He was a member of the Vélez side that captured the 1998 Clausura under Marcelo Bielsa. He remained at Vélez until 2002, when he was loaned out to Olimpo de Bahía Blanca. 
At Olimpo, Domínguez had a stellar season. He then joined Racing Club where he suffered a major injury. The following season he joined Independiente de Avellaneda and quickly recovered his form. 
In 2006, he joined Colombian power Independiente Medellín and was one of the clubs most important players. After two seasons in Colombia, Domínguez returned to Argentina to play for Huracán during the 2008 Clausura where he established himself as an important first team player.
On July 8, 2008, the Los Angeles Galaxy (Major League Soccer) announced that Eduardo Domínguez had joined the team. Dominguez was not expected to play for the Galaxy until July 19, 2008 when the Galaxy face the New York Red Bulls. This was due to his pending work visa and for the transfer window to open up on July 15, 2008.
In January, 2009 it was announced that the Los Angeles Galaxy defender Eduardo Dominguez had returned to his previous team, Club Atlético Huracán, signing a one-and-a-half year deal with 'El Globo' according to multiple media reports out of South America in the past week. On the Argentine club’s website, they herald his return, calling Dominguez the first big reinforcement of the current transfer window.
Personal.
His wife is the daughter of Carlos Bianchi.

</doc>
<doc id="18326300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326300" title="Don't Stay Home">
Don't Stay Home

"Don't Stay Home" is the first single released by 311 from their self-titled album. The single also spawned a music video, and is home to one of Chad Sexton's percussion solos.
Music video.
The music video seems to shift between winter and summer, as the band members are seen both with winter coats and shirtless. The video is mostly in black and white. The band can be seen playing the song throughout the video with water splashing in the background and other parts zoom up to Nick Hexum's face with him wearing the hood on his coat.

</doc>
<doc id="18326303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326303" title="Jakubowo, Sępólno County">
Jakubowo, Sępólno County

Jakubowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Krajeński, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kamień Krajeński, north of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326305" title="Obkas-Młyn">
Obkas-Młyn

Obkas-Młyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Krajeński, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Kamień Krajeński, north of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326307" title="Osady Zamerckie">
Osady Zamerckie

Osady Zamerckie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Krajeński, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Kamień Krajeński, north of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326312" title="Borówki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Borówki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Borówki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326314" title="Ciosek">
Ciosek

Ciosek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sośno, east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326319" title="Dębowiec, Sępólno County">
Dębowiec, Sępólno County

Dębowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326321" title="Dziedno">
Dziedno

Dziedno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sośno, east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326323" title="Jaszkowo">
Jaszkowo

Jaszkowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326325" title="Jaszkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jaszkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jaszkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326327" title="Leśniewice">
Leśniewice

Leśniewice may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18326329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326329" title="Leśniewice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Leśniewice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Leśniewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326331" title="Mierucin, Sępólno County">
Mierucin, Sępólno County

Mierucin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326332" title="Obodowo">
Obodowo

Obodowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sośno, east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326334" title="Ostrówek, Sępólno County">
Ostrówek, Sępólno County

Ostrówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326335" title="Płosków">
Płosków

Płosków may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326337" title="Płosków, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Płosków, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Płosków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326338" title="Przepałkowo">
Przepałkowo

Przepałkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326339" title="Rimau-rimau">
Rimau-rimau

Rimau-rimau is a two-player abstract strategy board game that belongs to the hunt game family. This family includes games like Rimau, Bagha-Chall, Main Tapal Empat, Aadu puli attam, and the Fox games. Rimau-rimau is the plural of rimau which means "tiger" in the Malay language. Therefore, rimau-rimau means "tigers". The several hunters attempting to surround and immobilize the tigers are called orang-orang which is the plural of orang which means "man". Therefore, orang-orang means "men" and there are twenty-two or twenty-four of them depending on which version of the game is played. The game originates from Malaysia. 
Rimau-rimau is specifically part of the tiger hunt game family as it uses an expanded Alquerque board. In contrast, Leopard games are also hunt games, but use a more triangular board and not an Alquerque based board. Fox games are also hunt games, but use more of a cross patterned board. 
There are two versions to this game: Version A and Version B. Both use two rimau-rimau (two tigers). The main difference is that Version A uses 24 orang-orang while Version B uses only 22 orang-orang. 
There is also a single rimau version to this game aptly called Rimau with very similar rules. The difference is that in Rimau, the tiger can eat an odd number of men (1, 3, 5, or 7). In Rimau-rimau, the same rule can also be used, but due to the advantage of the two tigers with this rule, it is preferable that they be only allowed to capture one man at a time. 
From here on, the rimau or rimau-rimau will be simply referred to as tiger and tigers respectively. The same also applies to the orang and orang-orang, and they will be referred to as man and men respectively.
Goal.
The men win if they surround the two tigers and block their movements.
The tigers win if they capture all the men, or capture as many men as possible so that the men cannot block their movements.
Equipment.
The game uses an expanded Alquerque board. On two opposite sides of the Alquerque board is a triangular board called a mountain. The mountains are called "gunung" in Malay. There are two black pieces called tigers, and 22 or 24 white pieces called men. Version A has 24 men, and version B has 22 men. Pieces are played on the intersection points of the board. 
Rules and gameplay.
There are two versions to this game. 
Version A: 
1. In the beginning the two tigers are placed at the vertex of the two mountains that connects to the Alquerque board. Nine men are initially placed on the nine intersection points of the central square of the Alquerque board. Throughout the game, pieces are always situated on the intersection points, and move along the marked lines between them. 
2. The tiger player moves first and removes any 3 men from the board. Then, the tiger player may also pick up one of his tigers, and reallocate it on any empty point on the board, or the tigers can simply remain where they are already. 
3. The man player moves next, and must drop his or her remaining 15 pieces on any vacant intersection point on the board one piece per turn before he or she can begin to move any of them. This will take 15 turns. Players alternate their turns. The tigers can move and capture from the beginning.
4. After the 15 men have been dropped, the men can begin to move. Only one man may be moved in a turn. A man moves (in any available direction) along a marked line onto a vacant adjacent intersection point. 
5. Similarly, only one tiger may be moved in a turn. A tiger moves (in any available direction) along a marked line onto a vacant adjacent intersection point. Alternatively, a tiger can capture. Men, however, cannot capture. 
6. Tigers can capture an "odd number of men (e.g. 1, 3, 5, or 7)". The tiger must be adjacent to the man or line of men, and leap over them onto a vacant intersection point immediately beyond. Jumped pieces are removed from the board. The tiger must leap over them "in a straight line" that follows the pattern on the board. If more than one man is captured in the leap, the men must be "lined up right next to each other with no vacant points in between them". Once a man or a line of men are leaped over and captured, the tiger can no longer capture further or move. Captures are not compulsory. 
"The ability of the two tigers to capture more than one man might give an advantage and perhaps even a tremendous advantage to the tigers, and therefore, it is preferable that the tigers be allowed to capture one man only per turn." 
7. If the men are reduced to 10 or 11 pieces, the men will usually resign as there is not enough of them to effectively immobilize the two tigers.
Version B: 
Similar to Version A except that there are only 22 men, and 8 of which must surround the central point of the board at the beginning. The central intersection point is empty in the beginning. The tiger player also only removes one man in the beginning (as oppose to 3 men in Version A). The man player must drop his or her remaining 14 pieces before he or she can begin to move any of them. Play is exactly the same from here on.
Asymmetry of the game.
Rimau-rimau is an asymmetric game in that the pieces controlled by one player is different from the pieces controlled by the other player. Tiger pieces can capture whereas men can only simply block the tigers. Furthermore, the number of pieces is different for each player. The tiger player controls the 2 tiger pieces, and the man player controls the 22 or 24 man pieces. Lastly, the goals of each player are different. The goal of the tigers is to eliminate as much men as possible which would prevent the orangs from blocking their movements. However, the goal of the men is to block the movements of the tigers.

</doc>
<doc id="18326341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326341" title="Rogalin, Sępólno County">
Rogalin, Sępólno County

Rogalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 940.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326344" title="Roztoki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Roztoki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Roztoki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326345" title="Sitno, Sępólno County">
Sitno, Sępólno County

Sitno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sośno, south of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326348" title="Skoraczewiec">
Skoraczewiec

Skoraczewiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326349" title="Jenny Shakeshaft">
Jenny Shakeshaft

Jennifer Marie Shakeshaft (born December 26, 1984) is an American actress and model living in Los Angeles, California.
Early life.
Jennifer Marie Shakeshaft, or Jenny, was born and raised in Monument, Colorado. She attended Lewis-Palmer High School. She was a member of the school forensics team. She participated in local stage performances such as "Cinderella" or "The Sound of Music". Jennifer played volleyball throughout high school. Jennifer attended the University of Colorado and American Musical and Dramatic Academy in New York City.
Career.
Jennifer's early career consisted of many commercials, including T.G.I. Friday's, Joe's Crab Shack, Nokia, and Pepsi. Jenny became the co-host of GameStop "TV", a monthly in-store video airing in GameStop locations across the United States. The exact date of her departure is unknown but on October 2, 2009 on her Twitter account she posted, "Farewell GameStop, it's been fun!". She contributed her vocal skills to "Cartoon Networks" series Shin Chan playing "Suki" and Ghost Hunt playing "Keiko". 
Jenny was cast as "Crystal Martin", a small town waitress, on the sequel projects ' and ' with Sony Pictures. 
Independent Films dominated Jenny's early screen career. She was cast as 'Rachel' alongside Fred Ward and Lea Thompson in "Exit Speed", Karma Police an official selection of the Dallas American Film Institute, 'Brie' in the horror film, From the Dark, Boggy Creek, and the Andrew Stevens produced "Breaking the Press".
One of Jenny's favorite roles to date was the indie Inventing Adam. Jenny flexed her comedic muscles playing 'Kendall' alongside Josh Meyers, Claire Coffee, Ike Barinholtz and Alyshia Ochse.
Jenny's biggest honor was being cast in Tennessee Williams's "The Loss of a Teardrop Diamond" alongside Bryce Dallas Howard and Chris Evans.
As the lead female in "Brotherhood", (playing the onscreen daughter of William Katt, and Wuss which won the audience award in November 2011 at the American Film Institute Film Festival in Los Angeles.
Jenny appeared in "The Young and the Restless" as Beatrice. Jenny also appeared in on the ABC series, "The Deep End" starring Billy Zane. 
Jenny appeared as the onscreen wife of Nick Stahl in "Mirrors 2"
Jenny was in "W." directed by Oliver Stone playing the roll of "Susie Evans" a friend of President George Bush (played by starring Josh Brolin. Her onscreen husband was actor Noah Wyle.
Jenny was cast by director Terrence Malick in "The Tree of Life" playing the ex-girlfriend of Sean Penn. The role required a great deal of improv based on direction from Terrence Malick. However, following the release of the feature, her character was not included in the final cut.

</doc>
<doc id="18326350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326350" title="Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, San Luis Potosí">
Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, San Luis Potosí

The Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, San Luis Potosí Campus (in Spanish: "Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey, Campus San Luis Potosí") commonly shortened as Tecnológico de Monterrey, Campus San Luis Potosí or ITESM Campus San Luis Potosí, is a campus of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education private university system in the city of San Luis Potosí, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18326351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326351" title="Skoraczewko">
Skoraczewko

Skoraczewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sośno, south of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326355" title="Skoraczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Skoraczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Skoraczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326356" title="Whissendine railway station">
Whissendine railway station

Whissendine railway station was a station serving the villages of Whissendine in Rutland and Wymondham and Edmondthorpe in Leicestershire. The station itself was about one and a half miles from each, and was in Leicestershire. It opened in 1848 on the Syston and Peterborough Railway and was originally named Wymondham but by 1863 it had been renamed Whisendine (with one s).
References.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18326357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326357" title="Sośno">
Sośno

Sośno is a village in Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sośno. It lies approximately south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 980.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326359" title="Świdwie, Gmina Sośno">
Świdwie, Gmina Sośno

Świdwie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sośno, south of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326362" title="Szynwałd, Sępólno County">
Szynwałd, Sępólno County

Szynwałd is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326364" title="Toninek">
Toninek

Toninek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326366" title="Tuszkowo">
Tuszkowo

Tuszkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326368" title="Wąwelno">
Wąwelno

Wąwelno () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 570.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326370" title="Wielowicz">
Wielowicz

Wielowicz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326373" title="Wielowiczek">
Wielowiczek

Wielowiczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326375" title="Zielonka, Sępólno County">
Zielonka, Sępólno County

Zielonka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośno, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sośno, south-east of Sępólno Krajeńskie, and north-west of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326377" title="Ashwell railway station">
Ashwell railway station

Ashwell railway station was a station in Ashwell, Rutland on the line between Melton Mowbray and Oakham. It lies west of the village, on the road to Whissendine. Just north of Ashwell was Ashwell Junction where the Cottesmore Ironstone Branch joined. This was in use between 1883 and 1974 and served quarries in the vicinity of Cottesmore and Exton. Part of the former mineral branch line is now Rutland Railway Museum (trading as Rocks by Rail: The Living Ironstone Museum).
History.
Opened by the Midland Railway as the Syston and Peterborough Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. 
In 1966 it was closed by the British Railways Board.
The site today.
Trains still pass the former station between Melton Mowbray and Oakham stations on the Birmingham to Peterborough Line.
The site now houses some industrial units, called Station Court.
References.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18326387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326387" title="Chrystkowo">
Chrystkowo

Chrystkowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
Chrystkowo was established in 17th century by a Mennonite community. The Mennonites in this period were settling in lower Vistula valley and Żuławy region escaping prosecution in Western Europe. There is a well preserved wooden Mennonite house from 1770 in the village. Chrystkowo has currently a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326389" title="Czapelki">
Czapelki

Czapelki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326390" title="Czaple, Świecie County">
Czaple, Świecie County

Czaple () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326391" title="Doksy (Kladno District)">
Doksy (Kladno District)

Doksy is a municipality (village) in Central Bohemia, Czech Republic. It has about 1,200 inhabitants. It lies nearby the city of Kladno.
Etymology.
Formerly known as Dogz, Dogza. In German Doges.
History.
First mentioned as Dogz in 1385. Sandstone was quarried there minimally since the 14th century. The sandstone was used for construction in nearby Prague during the reign of Charles IV. The quarries ended activity in the first half of the 20th century.
Notes.
"Translated from the German Wikipedia and certain information comes also from the Czech Wikipedia."

</doc>
<doc id="18326395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326395" title="Drozdowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Drozdowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Drozdowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326399" title="Yuriy Dehteryov">
Yuriy Dehteryov

Yuriy Vitaliyovych Dehteryov (, , "Yuriy Vitalyevich Degteryov") (born 5 December 1948) is a former Ukrainian and Soviet footballer.
He is considered to be the best goalkeeper and one of the most legendary players to play for Shakhtar Donetsk. He was the first goalkeeper to captain Shakhtar,
International career.
Dehteryov made his debut for USSR on 1 August 1968 in a friendly against Sweden. He played in the 1978 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 1980 qualifiers (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament for either). In his 17 international participation he only allowed 10 goals as well as won 10 of those 17 games. His best games came in October 1977 against France (8 October) and the Netherlands (5 October) where he in the both away games did not allowed any goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18326403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326403" title="Dworzysko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Dworzysko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Dworzysko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326405" title="Dziki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Dziki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Dziki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326406" title="Ernestowo">
Ernestowo

Ernestowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326407" title="Głogówko Królewskie">
Głogówko Królewskie

Głogówko Królewskie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326408" title="Gruczno">
Gruczno

Gruczno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 1,300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326409" title="98 Mute (album)">
98 Mute (album)

98 Mute is the debut release by the hardcore punk band, 98 Mute. It was released on May 3, 1996 on Theologian Records. It was co-produced by Pennywise's guitarist Fletcher Dragge and features Justin Thirsk on drums, the brother of the late Jason Thirsk, Pennywise bass player. It was the first of four albums before the band split up. They followed this album with "Class of 98" in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18326412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326412" title="Kozłowo, Świecie County">
Kozłowo, Świecie County

Kozłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326413" title="Małe Bedlenki">
Małe Bedlenki

Małe Bedlenki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326414" title="List of Ramsar sites in Northern Ireland">
List of Ramsar sites in Northern Ireland

Ramsar sites in Northern Ireland are wetlands of international importance designated under the Ramsar Convention. In the United Kingdom, the first Ramsar sites were designated in 1976. Designated and proposed sites in Northern Ireland are listed below:
References.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18326418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326418" title="Marianki, Świecie County">
Marianki, Świecie County

Marianki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326419" title="Morsk">
Morsk

Morsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326420" title="Niedźwiedź, Świecie County">
Niedźwiedź, Świecie County

Niedźwiedź is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326422" title="Nowe Dobra, Świecie County">
Nowe Dobra, Świecie County

Nowe Dobra () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326423" title="Polski Konopat">
Polski Konopat

Polski Konopat is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326426" title="Przechówko">
Przechówko

Przechówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326427" title="Skarszewo">
Skarszewo

Skarszewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326428" title="Skarszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Skarszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Skarszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326429" title="Sulnówko">
Sulnówko

Sulnówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326431" title="Sulnowo">
Sulnowo

Sulnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326432" title="Święte, Świecie County">
Święte, Świecie County

Święte is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326436" title="Topolinek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Topolinek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Topolinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326438" title="Wiąg">
Wiąg

Wiąg () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 520.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326441" title="Wielki Konopat">
Wielki Konopat

Wielki Konopat is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326447" title="Wyrwa, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wyrwa, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wyrwa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326451" title="Bukowiec, Świecie County">
Bukowiec, Świecie County

Bukowiec is a village in Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bukowiec. It lies approximately west of Świecie and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326453" title="Franciszkowo">
Franciszkowo

Franciszkowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326454" title="BMW GT Models">
BMW GT Models

BMW Gran Turismo marked simply as GT are an executive or mid-size vehicles under BMW Progressive Activity Series (PAV). The first official BMW to carry GT designation was the 2009 5 Series Gran Turismo.
Vehicles currently known within the BMW GT model range include:

</doc>
<doc id="18326455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326455" title="Franciszkowo, Świecie County">
Franciszkowo, Świecie County

Franciszkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bukowiec, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bukowiec, west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326456" title="Lucky the Man">
Lucky the Man

Lucky The Man is the 2001 studio album by the noted and influential British Folk guitarist, singer and songwriter Wizz Jones. The album was re-released on CD in 2007, with additional tracks, on the Hux label; this issue comes with a 12 page booklet including extensive notes, personal comments from Wizz on each of the bonus tracks, plus rare photographs from Jones' personal archive.
Additional tracks on 2007 CD release.
14. "About A Spoonful" (Mance Lipscomb) 
15. "Dark Eyed Gypsies" (trad. arr. Jones) 
16. "Moving On Song" (Ewan MacColl) 
17. "Planet Without A Plan" (Wizz Jones) 
18. "Sugar For Sugar" (Richard "Rabbit" Brown)†
† "with Ramblin' Jack Elliott, previously unissued"

</doc>
<doc id="18326457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326457" title="Jarzębieniec">
Jarzębieniec

Jarzębieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bukowiec, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bukowiec, north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326458" title="Singapore at the Commonwealth Games">
Singapore at the Commonwealth Games

Singapore has competed in the Commonwealth Games from 1958, and has participated in twelve of the eighteen previous games. Singapore participated as a crown colony in 1958 and 1962, and as an independent Commonwealth country from 1966 onward. The country abbreviation is SIN. 
Overall medal tally.
With forty medals, Singapore is currently seventeenth in the All-time tally of medals. 
Sports.
Singapore's first four medals (all of them Gold) came from weightlifting, but the sport began to decline in prominence after that. No other Gold medals were won until 2002, when table tennis first appeared on the Games programme. Singapore was an immediate beneficiary, winning three Golds in 2002 and four in 2006, topping the medal standings in the sport each time. The country also won a Gold medal each in badminton in 2002 and in shooting in 2006.
Even when taking into account the Silver and Bronze medals, weightlifting, table tennis, badminton and shooting remain the only four sports where Singaporeans have won medals. A summary of meals won by sports are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18326459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326459" title="Kawęcin">
Kawęcin

Kawęcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bukowiec, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bukowiec, north-west of Świecie, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326461" title="Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Tampico">
Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Tampico

The Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Tampico Campus (in Spanish: "Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey, Campus Tampico") commonly shortened as Tecnológico de Monterrey, Campus Tampico or ITESM Campus Tampico, is a campus of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education private university system in the city of Tampico, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18326467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326467" title="Bratwin">
Bratwin

Bratwin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dragacz, east of Świecie, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326469" title="Dolna Grupa">
Dolna Grupa

Dolna Grupa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Dragacz, north-east of Świecie, west of Grudziadz and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 1,030.
Dolna Grupa is appr. 7 km west from Grudziadz
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326470" title="Kerem Maharal">
Kerem Maharal

Kerem Maharal (, "lit." Maharal Vineyard) is a moshav in northern Israel. Located near Atlit, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaCarmel Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 566.
The moshav was established in 1949 by group of Jewish holocaust survivors, originally from Czechoslovakia, who immigrated to Israel with the help of the Aliya movement after World War II.
It was built on the lands of the depopulated former Palestinian Arab village of Ijzim, which was captured by the IDF in Operation Shoter during the 1948 Israel War of Independence. 
It was named after legendary 16th century Rabbi Judah Loew ben Bezalel, also known as "Maharal".
Admiral Ami Ayalon, former head of Shin Bet (Israel's secret service), presently resides in the moshav.

</doc>
<doc id="18326471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326471" title="Cool Earth 50">
Cool Earth 50

Cool Earth 50 is a Japanese plan to reduce global CO2 emissions 50% by 2050, which was discussed at the 34th G8 summit. 
It is planned as a framework that would continue towards the goals set forth in the Kyoto Protocols. This plan includes three proposals: a long-term strategy, a mid-term strategy and launching a national campaign for achieving the Kyoto Protocol Target. 
It is supported by the President of Nikkei Inc. and Former Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. 
There is also a Cool Earth Partnership in which Japan will financially assist developing countries to reduce emissions. 

</doc>
<doc id="18326472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326472" title="Dragacz">
Dragacz

Dragacz is a village in Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dragacz. It lies approximately north-east of Świecie and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 610.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326473" title="Fletnowo">
Fletnowo

Fletnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dragacz, north-east of Świecie, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326475" title="Górna Grupa">
Górna Grupa

Górna Grupa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dragacz, north-east of Świecie, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 580.
Psychiatric Hospital Fire.
On 1 November 1980, a fire broke out at the Górna Grupa Psychiatric Hospital. 55 patients died and 26 were injured. It was the deadliest hospital fire and one of the most tragic fires to have occurred in Polish history.
This event inspired the Polish poet and songwriter Jacek Kaczmarski to write the song "A my nie chcemy uciekać stąd" (en: "And we don't want to run away from here") 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326483" title="Grupa, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Grupa, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Grupa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Dragacz, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 541.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326486" title="Grupa-Osiedle">
Grupa-Osiedle

Grupa-Osiedle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Dragacz, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,646.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326487" title="Michale">
Michale

Michale is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Dragacz, east of Świecie, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326489" title="Mniszek">
Mniszek

Mniszek may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326490" title="Mniszek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Mniszek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Mniszek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dragacz, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
About 10 thousand Polish civilians were murdered near Mniszek by Germans during the occupation of Poland 1939-1945.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326491" title="Calasanctius College">
Calasanctius College

Calasanctius College, Oranmore is a co-educational secondary school catering for students between the ages of 12-19 around the County Galway village of Oranmore, and the surrounding areas, such as Carnmore, Claregalway, Clarenbridge, Kilcolgan and the south side of Galway City.
Academic.
Calasanctius College operates Junior Certificate, Transition Year, Leaving Certificate Applied and Leaving Certificate courses.
History.
On 23 May 1861, four Presentation Sisters from the convent in Galway established a new Convent in Oranmore, at the request of the Bishop John McEvilly. Their initial convent was known to the locals of Oranmore as 'the Hotel'. Not long after its establishment, an out-building of the convent was converted into an educational facility. In July 1869, the Sisters moved into the parochial house of the then-Parish Priest, Fr. R. Quinn, which was purchased by the Presentation Order for the sum of £600. The building of the old National College began in October 1886, and three years later, a new convent was built adjoining the old parochial house.
In 1916, a hall was built on the convent grounds to provide for home economics classes for girls in the locality. This became the first secondary college, and was blessed by Rev. Michael Browne on 27 August 1946, on the feast day of St. Joseph Calasanctius.
In 1947, a boarding school for girls was opened, which continued to draw students from the surrounding areas, until the increased demand for places led to the building of a major extension in 1963.
In 1973, the college became co-educational, with the college enrolling boys for the first time. This led to the building of a new wing, incorporating a Woodwork room. From 1987 onwards the college no longer catered for boarding students, and the dormitories and refectories were converted into science laboratories and further classrooms.
In 1994, the Presentation Sisters decided to withdraw from the teaching staff, the convent was vacated and a lay college principal appointed. The college remains under the trusteeship of the Presentation Order, while being managed by secular administrators.

</doc>
<doc id="18326492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326492" title="Nowe Marzy">
Nowe Marzy

Nowe Marzy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dragacz, east of Świecie, and north of Toruń. It is near to the current start/end of the A1 motorway from Gdańsk (which is currently being extended to Toruń).
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326494" title="Stare Marzy">
Stare Marzy

Stare Marzy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dragacz, north-east of Świecie, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326495" title="Wielki Lubień">
Wielki Lubień

Wielki Lubień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately: north of Dragacz, north-west of Grudziądz, north-east of Świecie, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326496" title="Wielkie Stwolno">
Wielkie Stwolno

Wielkie Stwolno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326497" title="Scaling function">
Scaling function

The phrase scaling function has more meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="18326498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326498" title="Wielkie Zajączkowo">
Wielkie Zajączkowo

Wielkie Zajączkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Dragacz, north-east of Świecie, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326509" title="Bedlenki">
Bedlenki

Bedlenki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Drzycim, north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326511" title="Manton railway station">
Manton railway station

Manton railway station or Manton Junction is a former railway station serving the villages of Manton and Wing in the county of Rutland.
Opened in 1848 by the Syston and Peterborough Railway, it was situated off the road connecting the two villages and was just over a mile from each, or just over half a mile by the public footpaths that were soon established. It was one of only a handful of stations in the small county of Rutland. Today only Oakham station is still open.
It was also the railhead for Uppingham, just over three and a half miles away, and remained so for many journeys even after Uppingham gained its own station in the form of the LNWR branch line from Seaton.
In 1879 Manton became a junction when the Kettering to Manton line was opened. Together with the Melton Mowbray to Nottingham line opened at the same time, this provided the Midland Railway with a new main line to Nottingham.
The station closed in 1966 and the station buildings are now used as a small industrial area.
The Kettering line closed to passengers in 1967 but reopened in 2009 although with only a single train in each direction. The line remains important for freight and is occasionally used as a diversionary route for main line passenger trains.
February 2014: Buildings still there, though difficult to find - dirt track off Wing to Manton road, well south of Manton. General sense of decay, though still has operating signal box. Trains every hour, Peterborough to Leicester and two a day in each direction to/from Corby.
External links.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18326512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326512" title="Biechówko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Biechówko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Biechówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Drzycim, north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326515" title="Class of 98">
Class of 98

Class of 98 is the second album by American hardcore punk band, 98 Mute. It was released on June 2, 1998 on Theologian Records. Like its predecessor, the self-titled debut, it was produced by Fletcher Dragge of the band, Pennywise and one of the tracks, "Picture This", was featured on Epitaph Records' "Punk-O-Rama" series of compilations as they left to join them.
Overview.
The style was considerably tamer than their debut effort with toned-down vocals and longer songs, all contributing to a more original sound. The songs were still played at a fast pace, but with more emphasis on melody and structure.

</doc>
<doc id="18326519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326519" title="Slow Motion Riot">
Slow Motion Riot

Slow Motion Riot is the third album by American hardcore punk band, 98 Mute. It was released on Epitaph Records on June 6, 2000. It followed their 1998 album, "Class Of 98", and in 2002, "After the Fall" marked their swansong as they split up shortly afterwards.
Overview.
The band's musical development saw them slow down and lengthen their songs considerably. The guitars are heavier and have a more downtuned tone. The lyrics have been variously described as "uplifting", "feel good" and "positive".[http://www.punknews.net/review/158]

</doc>
<doc id="18326520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326520" title="Biechowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Biechowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Biechowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Drzycim, north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326525" title="Dąbrówka, Świecie County">
Dąbrówka, Świecie County

Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Drzycim, north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326527" title="Czołowo">
Czołowo

Czołowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326529" title="Dólsk">
Dólsk

Dólsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Drzycim, north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326531" title="Drzycim">
Drzycim

Drzycim is a village in Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Drzycim. It lies approximately north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 1,200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326532" title="Nepal Red Communist Party">
Nepal Red Communist Party

Nepal Red Communist Party () was a communist organization in Nepal. It was led by Ganga Lal Shrestha. The party grew out of the Communist League, which had been founded in Kathmandu in 1946. Ganga Lal Shrestha had contacts with the Communist Party of India, and had met with P. C. Joshi.
The party sent a delegation, consisting of Manik Lal Shrestha and Badri Prasad Shrestha, to the second congress of the Communist Party of Nepal in 1957. The Nepal Red Communist Party had hopes for a unification with CPN, but due to the split inside CPN the issue of unity with the Red Communist Party was not raised in the congress sessions. The Red Communist Party delegation withdrew from the congress, and did not participate in the last day of the congress.

</doc>
<doc id="18326533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326533" title="Gacki">
Gacki

Gacki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326535" title="Gacki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gacki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gacki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Drzycim, north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326537" title="Gródek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Gródek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Gródek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Drzycim, north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 1,200.

</doc>
<doc id="18326539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326539" title="Jastrzębie, Świecie County">
Jastrzębie, Świecie County

Jastrzębie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Drzycim, north-west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326542" title="Kaliska">
Kaliska

Kaliska may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326543" title="2008 European Fencing Championships">
2008 European Fencing Championships

The 2008 European Fencing Championships were held in Kiev, Ukraine. The event took place from July 5 to July 10, 2008.
Results overview.
Men.
Epée individual.
7 July 
Epee team.
10 July 
Foil individual.
6 July 
Foil team.
9 July 
Sabre individual.
5 July 
Sabre team.
8 July 
Women.
Epée individual.
6 July 
Epee team.
9 July 
Foil individual.
5 July 
Foil team.
8 July 
Sabre individual.
7 July 
Sabre team.
10 July 

</doc>
<doc id="18326546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326546" title="Kaliska, Świecie County">
Kaliska, Świecie County

Kaliska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Drzycim, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 12.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326547" title="Krakówek">
Krakówek

Krakówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drzycim, north-west of Świecie, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326548" title="Leosia">
Leosia

Leosia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Drzycim, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 12.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326552" title="Lubocheń">
Lubocheń

Lubocheń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326553" title="Mały Dólsk">
Mały Dólsk

Mały Dólsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Drzycim, north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326554" title="Rówienica">
Rówienica

Rówienica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Drzycim, north-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326556" title="Back Yard Recordings">
Back Yard Recordings

Back Yard recordings is a UK independent record label based in London.
The label was set up by Gil Goldberg and can count acts such as Gossip, Chromeo, Seelenluft, The Similou, Ali Love and Teenagersintokyo amongst its roster.
Back Yard initially made its name as a promotions company, putting on the first London shows of now well established bands such as Muse and Stereophonics.
Slowly it evolved into a record label and in 2006 after a number of minor chart hits, Back Yard released 'Standing In The Way Of Control' in the UK, Europe and Japan, the third album by American disco punk rockers 'Gossip'.
The album spawned the Top 10 single of the same name and went on to sell 300,000 copies across Europe.
The following year the label released 'Fancy Footwork' by Chromeo in the UK. 
Back Yard Recordings has its own customised content channel on Audiotube.

</doc>
<doc id="18326557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326557" title="Sierosław">
Sierosław

Sierosław may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326558" title="Sierosław, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Sierosław, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Sierosław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Drzycim, north-west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326561" title="Sierosławek">
Sierosławek

Sierosławek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Drzycim, north of Świecie, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326562" title="Spławie">
Spławie

Spławie may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326563" title="Spławie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Spławie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Spławie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Drzycim, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 33.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326565" title="Wery">
Wery

Wery may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18326566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326566" title="Wery, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wery, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wery is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzycim, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326571" title="Belno">
Belno

Belno may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326573" title="Belno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Belno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Belno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Jeżewo, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 268.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326574" title="Uppingham railway station">
Uppingham railway station

Uppingham railway station was a station in Uppingham, Rutland. It was the terminus of a branch line from Seaton and opened in 1894 and closed in 1960. In 1910, there were five trains daily to Seaton and four return (five on Fridays) and in 1922 there were also five but seven return.
The station buildings were demolished and the site became a small industrial area.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18326575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326575" title="Białe">
Białe

Białe may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326576" title="Białe, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Białe, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Białe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 127.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326578" title="Białe Błota, Świecie County">
Białe Błota, Świecie County

Białe Błota is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Jeżewo, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 101.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326581" title="Hyperextension (exercise)">
Hyperextension (exercise)

A hyperextension or back extension is an exercise that works the lower back as well as the mid and upper back, specifically the erector spinae. 
It may be performed using a roman chair to hold the feet down and hips up or, without equipment, by lying face-down on the floor, and lifting the torso and arms together up off the floor. It can also be performed, in the bird dog exercise, in a prone position with arms forward. This version involves lifting one arm and the opposing leg at the same time, then releasing.
These strengthen the lower back and are ideal to be used after deadlifts for complete exhaustion of the lower back muscles.

</doc>
<doc id="18326583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326583" title="Buczek, Świecie County">
Buczek, Świecie County

Buczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Jeżewo, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 143.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326586" title="Ciemniki">
Ciemniki

Ciemniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 185.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326588" title="Czersk Świecki">
Czersk Świecki

Czersk Świecki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Jeżewo, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 433.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326591" title="Dubielno, Świecie County">
Dubielno, Świecie County

Dubielno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Jeżewo, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 183.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326594" title="Cokaliong Shipping Lines">
Cokaliong Shipping Lines

Cokaliong Shipping Lines is a shipping line based in Cebu City, Philippines. It operates both passenger and cargo ferries on eight routes between islands in the Visayas and Mindanao regions.
History.
Cokaliong Shipping Lines, Inc. was organized in 1989 and is one of the youngest shipping companies established in the Philippines. It is an off-shoot of Chester Enterprises, Inc., a textile and ready-to-wear enterprise started in 1969. The owners diversified into the shipping business in the burgeoning Cebu region. It acquired a brand-new vessel from Japan in 1998 and christened it into the M/V Filipinas Ozamis.
Through the years, Cokaliong has grown to become one of the biggest shipping lines in the Philippines providing inter-island passenger and cargo services specializing in the Visayas and Mindanao routes. In May 2012, the company acquired from Japan a 3,000-ton, 850-passenger vessel, its 9th.
In March 9, 2013, the line opened its 13th port of call with the opening of Cebu-Nasipit route served by the newly acquired 3,086-ton vessel imported from Japan.
Fleet of Vessels.
Its fleet of vessels are:
Docking Ports.
Cokaliong Shipping Lines' main port of call is Cebu.
Routes.
Cebu-Surigao.
"M/V Filipinas Dapitan/Maasin"
Cebu-Maasin.
"M/V Filipinas Maasin/Ozamiz/Dapitan"
Cebu-Dapitan.
"M/V Filipinas Iloilo/Dumaguete/Ozamis"
Cebu-Dumaguete.
"M/V Filipinas Iloilo/Dumaguete/Ozamis"
Cebu-Sindangan.
"M/V Filipinas Dumaguete"
Cebu-Tagbilaran.
"M/V Filipinas Maasin"
Cebu-Iloilo.
"M/V Filipinas Cebu"
Cebu-Larena.
"M/V Filipinas Surigao"
Cebu-Palompon.
"M/V Filipinas Cebu/Surigao"
Cebu-Ozamiz.
"M/V Filipinas Ozamis/Iligan"
Cebu-Iligan.
"M/V Filipinas Ozamis/Iligan"
Cebu-Calbayog.
"M/V Filipinas Dinagat/Iloilo"
Roxas-Iloilo.
"M/V Filipinas Dinagat"

</doc>
<doc id="18326597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326597" title="Jeżewo">
Jeżewo

Jeżewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326598" title="Jeżewo, Świecie County">
Jeżewo, Świecie County

Jeżewo is a village in Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Jeżewo. It lies approximately north of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,753.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326601" title="Krąplewice">
Krąplewice

Krąplewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Jeżewo, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 677.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326602" title="Laskowice">
Laskowice

Laskowice may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326604" title="Vasiliy Danilov">
Vasiliy Danilov

Vasiliy Savelievich Danilov () (born 13 May 1941) is a former Russian and Soviet footballer.
Career.
He capped 23 times for USSR, playing the 1966 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18326610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326610" title="Lipienki">
Lipienki

Lipienki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 87.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326612" title="After the Fall (98 Mute album)">
After the Fall (98 Mute album)

After the Fall is the fourth, and final, album from American hardcore punk band, 98 Mute. It was released on April 9, 2002 by Epitaph Records. All of their albums were co-produced by Fletcher Dragge of the band, Pennywise. It was released on enhanced CD containing a band bio, photos and an exclusive video interview followed by a live rendition of Black Flag's "No Values".
Overview.
On this recording, the band continued the musical progression which began on "Class Of 98" and grew through "Slow Motion Riot". The production was more raw, but the heaviness of the previous album had been toned down a tad. The positive lyrical themes which the band had become known for were also evident again. 

</doc>
<doc id="18326614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326614" title="Lipno, Świecie County">
Lipno, Świecie County

Lipno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 89.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326616" title="Vasily Danilov">
Vasily Danilov

Vasily Danilov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18326622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326622" title="Nowe Krąplewice">
Nowe Krąplewice

Nowe Krąplewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Jeżewo, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 269.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326628" title="Osłowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Osłowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Osłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Jeżewo, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 164.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326633" title="Pięćmorgi">
Pięćmorgi

Pięćmorgi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Jeżewo, north of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 102.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326639" title="Piskarki">
Piskarki

Piskarki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
The village has a population of 135.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326644" title="Skrzynki">
Skrzynki

Skrzynki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326647" title="Skrzynki, Świecie County">
Skrzynki, Świecie County

Skrzynki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Jeżewo, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń. The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326649" title="Taszewko">
Taszewko

Taszewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Jeżewo, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 132.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326651" title="Taszewo">
Taszewo

Taszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Jeżewo, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 144.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326654" title="Taszewskie Pole">
Taszewskie Pole

Taszewskie Pole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Jeżewo, north of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326664" title="Błądzim, Świecie County">
Błądzim, Świecie County

Błądzim () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lniano, north-west of Świecie, south-west of Tuchola and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 610.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326665" title="Brzemiona">
Brzemiona

Brzemiona () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lniano, north-west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326666" title="Jędrzejewo">
Jędrzejewo

Jędrzejewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326667" title="Jędrzejewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jędrzejewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jędrzejewo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lniano, north-west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326669" title="Jeziorki, Świecie County">
Jeziorki, Świecie County

Jeziorki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Lniano, north-west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326671" title="Lniano">
Lniano

Lniano is a village in Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lniano. It lies approximately north-west of Świecie and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 1,200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326672" title="Lubodzież">
Lubodzież

Lubodzież () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Lniano, north-west of Świecie, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326675" title="Mukrz">
Mukrz

Mukrz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Lniano, north-west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326681" title="Ostrowite, Świecie County">
Ostrowite, Świecie County

Ostrowite () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lniano, north-west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326684" title="Gizoo">
Gizoo

Gizoo is an online gadget company based in Nottingham, England, selling toys and games, PC hardware and home gadgets. Gizoo was first established in 2002 under a different name, but rebranded to Gizoo in 2002 and extended its product range. This rebrand has included the introduction of an Eco Category with a range of eco friendly products.
Gizoo currently serves a customer base of 200,000.
Awards.
On 24 July 2007 Gizoo won in the Small Business category in the Online Green Awards (OLGAs) for Gizoo’s environmentally friendly products and business practices.
History.
Gizoo is owned by Serif Europe, a home PC software company set up in 1987. In 2002 Serif expanded its product range, which included a remote controlled desktop car that became very successful. After seeing how well this type of product sold the Serif owners launched a separate website in 2002 which was called Gizoo.

</doc>
<doc id="18326685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326685" title="Siemkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Siemkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Siemkowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Lniano, north-west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326687" title="Wętfie">
Wętfie

Wętfie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Lniano, north-west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326693" title="Dolne Morgi">
Dolne Morgi

Dolne Morgi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Nowe, north-east of Świecie, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326694" title="Głodowo, Świecie County">
Głodowo, Świecie County

Głodowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Nowe, north of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326695" title="Kończyce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Kończyce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kończyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nowe, north-east of Świecie, and north of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326698" title="Kozielec, Świecie County">
Kozielec, Świecie County

Kozielec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Nowe, north-east of Świecie, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326700" title="Milewo">
Milewo

Milewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326702" title="Abel Manta">
Abel Manta

Abel Manta (Gouveia, 12 October 1888 - Lisbon, August 9, 1982) was an architect, painter, designer, and Portuguese cartoonist.
Between 1904 and 1916 attended the school of Fine Arts, completed the course in painting, having won the third Prize of the National Society of Fine Arts.
In 1919 he went to Paris participating in the "Salon de la Société Nationale" among other galleries, having also attended the course of engraving with William Schlumberger.
He made several trips to study in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18326704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326704" title="Milewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Milewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Milewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nowe, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326705" title="Pastwiska">
Pastwiska

Pastwiska may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326706" title="Pastwiska, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Pastwiska, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Pastwiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nowe, north-east of Świecie, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326707" title="Piaski, Świecie County">
Piaski, Świecie County

Piaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nowe, north-east of Świecie, and north of Toruń.

</doc>
<doc id="18326708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326708" title="Przyny">
Przyny

Przyny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nowe, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326710" title="Twarda Góra">
Twarda Góra

Twarda Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nowe, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326713" title="Zabijak, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Zabijak, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Zabijak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Nowe, north-east of Świecie, north of Toruń, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326714" title="Zabudowania Gajewskie">
Zabudowania Gajewskie

Zabudowania Gajewskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Nowe, north-east of Świecie, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326720" title="Gran Vía de Don Diego López de Haro">
Gran Vía de Don Diego López de Haro

The Gran Vía de Don Diego López de Haro is the main avenue of the city of Bilbao, Basque Country (Spain).
History.
It's named after the founder of the city, Diego López de Haro V, lord of Biscay. It was conceived in 1876, when the extension (ensanche) of Bilbao was planned by architects Alzola, Achúcarro and Hoffmeyer in the wide plains of the former municipality of Abando.
Features.
The avenue is 50 meters wide and 1.5 km (one mile) long. It starts at the Circular square, beside the BBVA building, and ends at the Sacred Heart square. The main Moyúa square is in the middle of the avenue, about 500 m from its beginning and 800 m from its end. The statue of the Sacred Heart is aligned with the spire of the Basilica of Begoña, about 3 km away, through the Gran Vía, forming a monumental perspective in a way similar to Paris' "Axe historique".
Economy.
The avenue is the most important shopping and business area of Bilbao, BBK and BBVA banks have their headoffices in it, and El Corte Inglés department store has two buildings in it. It has some of Spain's most expensive real estate prices.

</doc>
<doc id="18326726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326726" title="Brzeziny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Brzeziny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Brzeziny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Osie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 336.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326728" title="Jaszcz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Jaszcz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Jaszcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Osie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326729" title="Łążek">
Łążek

Łążek may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326733" title="Łążek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Łążek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Łążek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Osie, north-west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 382.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326736" title="Miedzno">
Miedzno

Miedzno may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326737" title="Miedzno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Miedzno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Miedzno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Osie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 319.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326738" title="Osie">
Osie

Osie is a village in Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Osie. It lies approximately north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 2,520.
<br>
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326739" title="Ramphoprionid">
Ramphoprionid

The Ramphoprionids are a family of polychaete worms known from the Ordovician and Silurian periods (and more?)

</doc>
<doc id="18326741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326741" title="Pruskie">
Pruskie

Pruskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Osie, north-west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326743" title="Radańska">
Radańska

Radańska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Osie, north of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326744" title="List of Belarusian exonyms for places in Kaliningrad Oblast">
List of Belarusian exonyms for places in Kaliningrad Oblast

This is a list of Belarusian exonyms for towns located in Kaliningrad Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="18326748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326748" title="Stara Rzeka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Stara Rzeka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Stara Rzeka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Osie, north of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 49.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326752" title="Tleń">
Tleń

Tleń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Osie, north-west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326753" title="Wałkowiska">
Wałkowiska

Wałkowiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Osie, north of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north of Toruń.
The village has a population of 375.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326755" title="Wierzchy">
Wierzchy

Wierzchy may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326758" title="Wierzchy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Wierzchy, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Wierzchy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Osie, north-west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 224.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326760" title="Runcorn and Weston Canal">
Runcorn and Weston Canal

The Runcorn and Weston Canal was a short canal near Runcorn in Cheshire, England, constructed to link the Weston Canal, which is part of the River Weaver Navigation, to the Bridgewater Canal and Runcorn Docks. It was completed in 1859, but was little used. Around half of it became the Arnold Dock in 1876, when it was made wider and deeper, and linked to Fenton Dock by a ship lock. The dock section and some of the remaining canal were filled in during the 1960s, and the remainder is in a derelict state.
History.
The idea for a canal to link the Bridgewater Canal to the River Weaver Navigation was first proposed in late 1852, when the Bridgewater's general manager, Fereday Smith, met with the trustees of the Weaver. Its purpose was to aid the transfer of salt between the two systems. The canal was authorised by an Act of Parliament passed on 14 June 1853, which specified that the canal was to run from Francis Dock, which was connected to the Duke of Bridgewater's Canal at Runcorn, to a junction with the River Weaver Navigation or Weston Canal at Weston Point. It was to be privately funded by the Earl of Ellesmere, who could sell it to his trustees once it was built and then charge tolls for its use. The Earl died in 1857, when the canal was only partly built, and a new Act of Parliament was required, as the trustees did not have powers to deal with the new Earl. The second Act enabled them to buy the unfinished canal and complete its construction. The cost of this work was restricted to £40,000. The length of the canal was about , with a lock at either end, suitable for boats which were . The work was completed in 1859, but the canal seems to have been little used, as traffic figures for 1883 indicate that only 4,400 tons of salt travelled along the canal, out of a total of 36,400 tons which arrived at Runcorn Docks from the River Weaver.
When first built, there was a lock near to the junction with the Weston Canal, and another where the canal joined Francis Dock at Runcorn. This end of the canal was changed as a result of work carried out in 1876. The Bridgewater Canal Company turned the first section into a ship basin, by increasing the depth to . They also made it wider and built wharves along the side nearest to the Mersey. Runcorn lock was moved along the canal to the end of the widened section, close to Weston Point Docks. The ship basin was called Arnold Dock, and was connected to Fenton Dock by a large lock with three sets of gates, allowing ships up to with a draught of to moor and unload in the basin. The docks prospered, handling 500,000 tons in total during 1877, although the proportion moving along the canal was relatively small. The original lock into Francis Dock appears to have been retained for a while but by 1907 the gates had been removed, since Francis Dock and Arnold Dock were maintained at one level, while Fenton Dock, Alfred Dock, Tidal Dock and Old Dock were maintained at a lower level.
With the coming of the Manchester Ship Canal, its function continued, as the large shipping using that canal was also a hazard to the smaller canal boats. The canal remained navigable until the early 1960s: the author John Seymour, in his book "Voyage into England", described a difficult 1963 journey up the almost-dry canal at which time a Manchester Ship Canal official commented that it had been "physically, as well as officially" closed for a year. The flights of locks from the Bridgewater Canal down to Runcorn Docks were filled in when the Runcorn-Widnes road bridge was constructed in 1966. About half of the Runcorn and Weston Canal was filled in at the same time. The southern half remains in water, but is in a derelict state.
Today.
The new flight of locks from the Bridgewater Canal was abandoned in 1966, but the old flight was left in place and covered over. Its line is protected by the local council, and there are plans to re-open the locks. This would almost certainly result in the Runcorn and Weston Canal being reopened, in order to provide somewhere for pleasure craft which have descended the flight to go without having to negotiate passage on the Manchester Ship Canal. Peel Ports, owners of the Manchester Ship Canal, have eased the restrictions on pleasure boats wishing to cruise the Ship Canal, requiring advance notice and a simple 'seaworthiness' survey. Boats on the Shropshire Union Canal can reach Weston Marsh Lock by joining the Ship Canal at Ellesmere Port, or a longer journey is possible from the Bridgewater Canal, which connects to the Ship Canal at the Manchester end by a lock into Pomona No. 3 Dock.
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="18326763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326763" title="Arbind Rimal">
Arbind Rimal

Arbindanath Rimal () is a Nepalese writer and intellectual. 
Early life.
Arbind Rimal hails from a middle-class Brahmin family in Kathmandu. 
Career.
Rimal got into contacts with communism during his studies in India. He worked for about five years at the Embassy of the Soviet Union in New Delhi, with the publication of the Nepali-language publication of the embassy "Soviet Bhumi". Through his links with the Soviet embassy, he accompanied King Mahendra on his visits to the Soviet Union.
In 1957, Rimal was elected to the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Nepal at the second party congress. He later renounced his communist ideals and broke with the party.
Works.
Rimal has written नेपाल थर्काइदिने १९ दिन ('19 days that shook Nepal'), an account of the events leading up to the 2006 Loktantra Andolan, and १९९७ देखि २०१७ साल ('From 1997 to 2017').

</doc>
<doc id="18326777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326777" title="Bagniewko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bagniewko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bagniewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326778" title="Jingan Station">
Jingan Station

The Taipei Metro Jing'an Station (also written Jing-an) is a station on the Zhonghe Line (part of the Orange Line) located in Zhonghe District, New Taipei, Taiwan. When the Circular Line opens in 2015, Jing'an will become a transfer station with that line.
__NOTOC__
Station overview.
This six-level, underground station has two stacked side platforms (a split platform configuration) and one exit. The planned intersection with the Circular Line will be elevated and will include additional exits.
Station layout.
Note: Platform 2 is the lowest level platform in the system.

</doc>
<doc id="18326781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326781" title="Bagniewo">
Bagniewo

Bagniewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326783" title="Bagniewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Bagniewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Bagniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326784" title="Chain Reaction 2008">
Chain Reaction 2008

Chain Reaction 2008 is an international forum on social leadership, founded in 2008. The initiative formed part of the program of the United Kingdom Prime Minister’s (Gordon Brown) Council on Social Action.
Purpose.
Chain Reaction was established to bring people together from across the world for a multi-day event in order to explore their connections, learn how to use those connections in positive ways and how they work together to maximize their collective power to change the world.
Events.
The first event was held from 17–18 November on London’s South Bank, bringing together over 500 social leaders, from all sectors (government, business and community), many of whom were from outside of the UK. The program included:
Chain Reaction, was officially announced by the Prime Minister Gordon Brown on 24 July 2008 at the UK Catalyst Awards, the awards ceremony to recognize everyday heroes who use technology to make a positive impact on the world around them.Gordon Brown said “In the year ahead we will see bold new international collaborations to promote social action as the first chain reaction forum on social leadership, taking place in London in November”.
Phil Hope, Minister for the Third Sector, said in regards to the event: "This promises to be unique event bringing together essential voices from around the world to inspire and catalyze ideas for positive social action. It’s now up to all of us – central and local government, big business, and the third sector – to support and enable a creative and thriving environment in which organizations and communities continue to come together in new and groundbreaking ways.”

</doc>
<doc id="18326786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326786" title="Brzeźno, Świecie County">
Brzeźno, Świecie County

Brzeźno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Pruszcz, west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326787" title="Cieleszyn">
Cieleszyn

Cieleszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326791" title="Gołuszyce">
Gołuszyce

Gołuszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Pruszcz, west of Świecie, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has an approximate population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326794" title="Grabówko">
Grabówko

Grabówko may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326798" title="Grabówko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Grabówko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Grabówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326802" title="Grabowo">
Grabowo

Grabowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326806" title="Grabowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Grabowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Grabowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326811" title="Konstantowo, Świecie County">
Konstantowo, Świecie County

Konstantowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326814" title="Łaszewo, Świecie County">
Łaszewo, Świecie County

Łaszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326815" title="Lyric soprano">
Lyric soprano

A lyric soprano is a type of operatic soprano that has a warm quality with a bright, full timbre that can be heard over an orchestra. The lyric soprano voice generally has a higher tessitura than a soubrette and usually plays ingenues and other sympathetic characters in opera. Lyric sopranos have a range from approximately middle C (C4) to "high D" (D6). There is a tendency to divide lyric sopranos into two groups, light and full.
Light lyric soprano.
A light-lyric soprano has a bigger voice than a soubrette but still possesses a youthful quality. Light lyrics often have a "full package" of musicianship, appearance and stagecraft. This voice needs to be careful in its repertory choices, because smaller houses may offer them heavier roles if they have good stage presence. Then as they become successful, if they take these meatier roles into larger houses they will damage their voices. There are a wide variety of roles written for this voice, and they may sing soubrette, baroque and other light roles as well.
Light lyric soprano roles.
Source:
Full lyric soprano.
A full-lyric soprano has a more mature sound than a light-lyric soprano and can be heard over a bigger orchestra. This more mature sound may make a full-lyric less suitable for some of the lighter roles. Occasionally a full lyric will have a big enough voice that she can take on much heavier roles, using volume in place of vocal weight. This is done when a more lyric timbre is desired in an otherwise heavier role. Otherwise full lyric sopranos need be judicious with spinto and other heavy roles to prevent vocal deterioration.
Full lyric soprano roles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18326819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326819" title="Łowin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Łowin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Łowin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Pruszcz, west of Świecie, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 360.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326821" title="Łowinek">
Łowinek

Łowinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Pruszcz, west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326826" title="Luszkówko">
Luszkówko

Luszkówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326827" title="Luszkowo">
Luszkowo

Luszkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326829" title="Stefan Reshko">
Stefan Reshko

Stefan Mikhailovich Reshko () (born 24 March 1947) is a former Ukrainian and Soviet footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="18326830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326830" title="Photo print sizes">
Photo print sizes

Standard photographic print sizes are used in photographic printing. Cut sheets of paper meant for printing photographs are commonly sold in these sizes.
They are often denoted with a code of the format "n"R, where the number "n" represents the length of the shorter edge in inches. In the normal series, the long edge is the length of the short edge plus 2 inches (10" or less) or 3 inches (11" and above). The alternative Super series, denoted S"n"R, has an aspect ratio of 3:2 (or as close as possible) and thus provides a better fit for standard 135 film (35mm) at sizes of 8 inches or above.
In Japan, the same print sizes (and several additional ones) are known by different names. The Japanese L is equivalent to 3R, while 2L — twice the size — matches 5R. KG represents the size of a traditional 4"×6" (4R) Japanese postcard ("hagaki"). The "n"P or series are defined in reference to a of 457×560 mm, with smaller numbers (fewer cuts) indicating "larger" sizes.
Unlike ISO 216 paper sizes, the aspect ratios of photographic prints vary, so exact scaling of prints is not always possible. However, there are some logical correspondences between the sizes, noted below when applicable.
Many of the standard sizes are the same as sheet film formats, and are appropriate for making contact sheets from these films.

</doc>
<doc id="18326831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326831" title="Małociechowo">
Małociechowo

Małociechowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.

</doc>
<doc id="18326833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326833" title="Mirowice">
Mirowice

Mirowice may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326836" title="Mirowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Mirowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Mirowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326838" title="Louis Melsens">
Louis Melsens

Louis-Henri-Frédéric Melsens (Leuven, 1814–Brussels, 1886) was a Belgian physicist and chemist. In 1846, he became professor of chemistry in the Veterinary School in Kureghem. Melsens applied the principle of the Faraday cage to lightning conductors and invented iodine tincture for disinfection. The "Louis Melsens Prize" is awarded to a Belgian or naturalised Belgian author of the most remarkable work on applied chemistry or physics. The Melsensstraat or Rue Melsens in Brussels is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18326839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326839" title="Nieciszewo">
Nieciszewo

Nieciszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326840" title="Niewieścin">
Niewieścin

Niewieścin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 460.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326844" title="Parlin, Świecie County">
Parlin, Świecie County

Parlin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326850" title="Pruszcz, Świecie County">
Pruszcz, Świecie County

Pruszcz is a village in Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Pruszcz. It lies approximately south-west of Świecie and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 2,300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326853" title="Rudki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Rudki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Rudki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326854" title="Serock, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Serock, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Serock is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pruszcz, west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
The village has a population of 2,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326859" title="Topolno">
Topolno

Topolno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326860" title="Trępel">
Trępel

Trępel is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326862" title="Wałdowo">
Wałdowo

Wałdowo may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="18326864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326864" title="Wałdowo, Świecie County">
Wałdowo, Świecie County

Wałdowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326867" title="Zawada, Gmina Pruszcz">
Zawada, Gmina Pruszcz

Zawada is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, and north-east of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326869" title="Zbrachlin, Świecie County">
Zbrachlin, Świecie County

Zbrachlin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pruszcz, south-west of Świecie, north-east of Bydgoszcz, and north-west of Toruń.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326876" title="Jania Góra">
Jania Góra

Jania Góra () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Świekatowo, west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326877" title="Emanuele Tesauro">
Emanuele Tesauro

Emanuele Tesauro (1592–1675) was a rhetorician, dramatist, Marinist poet, and historian from Turin. 
His "Il Cannocchiale Aristotelico", orignally published in 1654, is a work on tropes, literally the oxymoronic "Aristotelian telescope". Its main concern is the invention and wit of ingenious metaphors. It has been called "one of the most important statements of poetics ins seventeenth-century Europe". Metaphor he calls the "Great Mother of All Witticisms". In Umberto Eco's "The Island of the Day Before", these themes are self-consciously taken up, through the character Padre Emanuele and his metaphor-machine.

</doc>
<doc id="18326881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326881" title="Just Good Friends (disambiguation)">
Just Good Friends (disambiguation)

Just Good Friends is a 1980s British sitcom.
Just Good Friends may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18326882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326882" title="Chalvedon School">
Chalvedon School

Chalvedon School and 6th Form College was a Specialist Technology College in Pitsea, Essex, England.
It was a comprehensive school educating pupils aged between 11 and 18 years of age. 
Chalvedon had over 1800 pupils on roll including 196 sixth formers.
The school was first opened in 1966 operatied on the same site until its formal closure. 
Mr A S Roach became the Principal of the school in 1988.
In January 2006 Chalvedon School federated with another local comprehensive school, Barstable School, to form the Federation of East Basildon. In 2009 the school formally closed with pupils transferring to the newly created Basildon Academies.

</doc>
<doc id="18326883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326883" title="Lipienica, Świecie County">
Lipienica, Świecie County

Lipienica () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Świekatowo, west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326884" title="Lubania-Lipiny">
Lubania-Lipiny

Lubania-Lipiny () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326885" title="Małe Łąkie">
Małe Łąkie

Małe Łąkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18326888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326888" title="Stążki">
Stążki

Stążki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18326891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18326891" title="Stążki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship">
Stążki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Stążki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Świekatowo, west of Świecie, and north of Bydgoszcz.
References.
<br>

</doc>
