<doc id="18467542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467542" title="Alexander of Aegae">
Alexander of Aegae

Alexander (Greek: ) of Aegae was a Peripatetic philosopher who flourished in Rome in the 1st century, and was a disciple of the celebrated mathematician Sosigenes of Alexandria. He was tutor to the emperor Nero. He wrote commentaries on the "Categories" and the "De Caelo" of Aristotle. Attempts in the 19th century to ascribe some of the works of Alexander of Aphrodisias to Alexander of Aegae have been shown to be mistaken.

</doc>
<doc id="18467559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467559" title="Battle of Lottorf">
Battle of Lottorf

The Battle of Lottorf was fought between Denmark, and Schleswig-Holstein, on November 24, 1850, at Lottorf in Schleswig-Holstein, during the First Schleswig War. Denmark won the battle.
Background.
The commander of Schleswig-Holstein's army, General Karl Wilhelm von Willisen, tried to draw Denmark into sending its troops to Holstein, as he hoped that this deployment into a German province would result in the German states re-entering the war against Denmark, and he hoped that a Danish invasion would allow him to defeat it in detail. Unhappy with the lack of success this strategy was producing, the leadership of Schleswig Holstein pressured Willisen to go onto the offensive, which began by August 1850. During the offensive, in the area north of Rendsburg and to the east around Eckernforde, skimishes took place in many villages, including Lottorf. Four took place in that settlement between August and November. In November 1850, Schleswig Holstein planned to attacked the Danish outpost located there.
Prelude.
The attack would be made by two companies of the Schleswig-Holsteinian 11th Infantry Battalion. One would be kept in reserve to the south of the village, whilst the other one would be split into two parts. One part would attack the village from the front, and the other would move against it from the west. By the evening of November 23, the two companies had taken up their positions. The Danish garrison was drawn from the 3rd Reserve Jager Corps, and it was made up of less men than the Schleswig-Holsteins against them.
Battle.
The Schleswig-Holsteins began their advance at 03:30. The darkness did not prevent Danish sentries from quickly detecting the enemy movement, which allowed a defence to be organised. Not having the manpower to defend all of the village, the Danish troops withdrew to defend a farm on its northern outskirts. The farmhouse was then occupied by Danish troops, and the Schleswig-Holsteins attacked it, setting fire to the building by their shots. The Danes then fought from behind fences and other cover to the north, and were reinforced by two more soldiers. Another Danish-occupied village, Over Selk, was informed of the attack, and it dispatched 50 soldiers to assist the garrison. When they arrived, a counter-attack was started, and the Danes were able to fight into the now-burning village. The Schleswig-Holsteins withdrew from Lottorf by 04:30.
Aftermath.
The Danes did not try to pursue the Schleswig-Holsteins. Due to the brief duration of the battle, and darkness followed by fires leading to limited visibility which resulted in a confused fight, the casualties sustained by both sides was light. No Danish deaths were reported, and Schleswig-Holstein recorded one dead and one wounded. The battle prolonged the war, which would not be over until early 1851.

</doc>
<doc id="18467560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467560" title="Paramantis">
Paramantis

Paramantis is a genus of praying mantises that includes these species:

</doc>
<doc id="18467573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467573" title="Luis Bru">
Luis Bru

Luis Bru Pérez (born October 19, 1907, date of death unknown) was a Spanish boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the first round of the featherweight class after losing his fight to Livio Francecchini.

</doc>
<doc id="18467578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467578" title="Ashley House (Fall River, Massachusetts)">
Ashley House (Fall River, Massachusetts)

Ashley House or "Aunt Polly's House" was a historic house at 3159 Main Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. The house was built circa 1750 in the Steep Brook section of the town, which was then still part of Freetown. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
It was dismantled in July 1983. The site is now owned by the New England Power Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18467587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467587" title="Convent of San Pascual">
Convent of San Pascual

The Convent of San Pascual is a royal monastery in Aranjuez, Spain, founded by King Charles III of Spain as a Franciscan monastery and built from 1765 to 1770. Under the reign of Isabel II of Spain, it was assigned to the Conceptionist nuns, and now is under the administration of the Patrimonio Nacional.
The architect was the Italian Francesco Sabatini. The main altar has a painting by Anton Raphael Mengs.
It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18467593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467593" title="Fuel control unit">
Fuel control unit

Fuel control unit is the generic term given to any of several types of control systems for gas turbine engines.
Fundamentals of turbine engine control.
Gas turbine engines are primarily controlled by the amount of fuel supplied to the combustion chambers. With this in mind, the very simplest fuel control for a turbine engine is a fuel valve operated by the pilot. Many pre-production models of early turbojet engines featured just that, but it was soon found that this kind of control was difficult and dangerous in actual use. Closing the valve too quickly while trying to reduce power output could cause a "lean die-out", where the airflow through the engine blows the flame out of the combustion chamber and extinguishes it. Adding fuel too quickly to increase power can damage the turbines due to excessive heat, or the sudden rise in combustion chamber pressure may cause a compressor stall. Another danger of too much fuel is a "rich blow-out", where soaking the fire with fuel displaces the oxygen and lowers the temperature enough to extinguish the flame. The excess fuel may then be heated on the hot tailpipe and ignite, possibly causing damage to the aircraft. For an aircraft engine, changes in airspeed or altitude cause changes in air speed and density through the engine, which would then have to be manually adjusted for by the pilot.
A fuel control unit attempts to solve those problems by acting as an intermediary between the operator's controls and the fuel valve. The operator has a "power lever" which only controls the engine's potential, not the actual fuel flow. The fuel control unit acts as a computer to determine the amount of fuel needed to deliver the power requested by the operator.

</doc>
<doc id="18467597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467597" title="Walking on Dead Fish">
Walking on Dead Fish

Walking on Dead Fish (earlier full name "Hurricane Season: Walking on Dead Fish") is a 2008 independent film by first time American director, producer, and writer Franklin Martin. It is a heart felt documentary about a small town high school football team and its "displaced players" who are thrown together by the powerful winds and floods of Hurricane Katrina. It is executive produced by Franklin Martin, Stan Cassio, and Terry Bradshaw; who also narrates the documentary.
Synopsis.
"Walking on Dead Fish" tells the story of the East St. John Wildcats, a small-town high school football team that looks within to brave the adversity delivered by Hurricane Katrina.
Located just west of New Orleans, the tiny town of LaPlace, Louisiana escaped the cruel flooding of its neighbor only to suffer a different kind of flood, the overnight influx of 20,000 displaced hurricane victims. Its under-funded high school, East St. John High School, took in 450 displaced students and 20 of them joined the football team. With their first two games already cancelled, the Wildcats and their 20 new teammates, some from rival schools, take the field against rival Hahnville despite being short on equipment and practice time and wearing both home and away jerseys.
This group of teenage boys, blown together by the winds of Katrina, decide to make the best of their situation overcome the tragedy of losing their homes and schools. Despite vastly different social, economic, and racial backgrounds, they unite to overcome the tragedy that they all have in common, and quickly begin winning games.
The films explores the recovery from the worst natural disaster in our country’s history through the eyes of a group of 16 year-old boys forced to quickly become men. In doing so, they unite a devastated school and lift the spirit of a broken community. More than football and more than Katrina, "Walking on Dead Fish" is a testament to the will of young men who put “we” before “me”.
Release.
The film was released theatrically on September 19, 2008, by Variance Films and Dutchmen Films. The film debuted in New Orleans, taking in over $11,000 in one theater in its first weekend, the #3 per screen average in the country. The film is currently in a rolling release throughout the Southern United States. A national release has not been announced.

</doc>
<doc id="18467604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467604" title="Livio Francecchini">
Livio Francecchini

Livio Francecchini (born April 14, 1902, date of death unknown) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the featherweight class after losing his fight to Jean Devergnies.

</doc>
<doc id="18467605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467605" title="Harold H. Anthony House">
Harold H. Anthony House

Harold H. Anthony House is a historic house at 132 Bay Point Avenue in Swansea, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1922 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18467606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467606" title="Des Plaines Valley Council">
Des Plaines Valley Council

Des Plaines Valley Council is a Boy Scouts of America local council headquartered in La Grange, Illinois, United States. It was formed through the merger of West Suburban Council and Thatcher Woods Council in 1993. The council operates Camp Shin-Go-Beek near Waupaca, Wisconsin and Camp Mach-Kin-O-Siew near Elcho, Wisconsin. The council operates The BSA Adventure Camp in Rochelle, Illinois in a joint venture with Three Fires Council. The council sold Camp Tomo-Chi-Chi-Knolls in Huntley, Illinois to the Kane County Forest Preserve District as of January 1, 2007. Des Plaines Valley Council is served by Pachsegink Lodge.
Organization.
Tall Grass District services Burr Ridge, Clarendon Hills, Darien, Downers Grove, Hinsdale, Lemont, Westmont, and Willowbrook.
Twin Lakes District services Bellwood, Broadview, Elmwood Park, Forest Park, Franklin Park, Leyden Township, Maywood, Melrose Park, Northlake, Oak Park, River Forest, River Grove, and Stone Park.
Voyageur Trace District services Berwyn, Bridgeview, Brookfield, Countryside, Hodgkins, Indian Head Park, Justice, La Grange, La Grange Highlands, La Grange Park, Lyons, McCook, North Riverside, Riverside, Stickney, Westchester, Western Springs, and Willow Springs.
Camp Mach-Kin-O-Siew.
Camp Mach-Kin-O-Siew (popularly known as Camp Mach) is located near Elcho, Wisconsin, in Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States, on Enterprise Lake, a.
The camp operates two weeks a year, from the last week of July to the first week of August. Scout troops stay for 7 days at a time, checking in Sunday, checking out Saturday.
Major parts of the camp's program are its merit badge classes. A wide range of merit badges are offered. Other activities include hiking, fishing, a bog hike, boating, rifle, shotgun, climbing, swimming and livesaving.
Mach's facilities include a waterfront area, a field sports area (comprising rifle, shotgun, and archery ranges), thirteen campgrounds, several piers, a campfire bowl, a climbing tower, a forge, a water slide, a shower house, and a chapel. However, the camp has no dining hall, so the Scouts cook all their meals with supplies provided by the camp (except for the first and last dinners.)
The extensive waterfront area is located on a beach along Enterprise Lake. It consists of a large swimming area, a lookout tower (known as "Gloria" ), a boat dock, and a water slide. The camp owns a fleet of boats, consisting of kayaks, sunfish class sailboats, catamarans, an inboard motorboat for waterskiing, an outboard motorboat, rowboats, canoes, a dinghy, and sailboards. The camp also has two smaller lakes "Big Apple" and "Little Apple" within its borders.
The Camp Cup is a competition between the troops visiting the camp. The scoring for the Camp Cup is derived from campsite inspections and competitions in scout skills (e.g. archery). One major competition is Monster Camp, in which troops decorate their campsite using scout skills. Judges search in the temporary sets for good use of scout skills, such as lashings.
Because the Boy Scouts of America maintains a "Leave No Trace" philosophy, the Scouts that attend Camp Mach attempt to preserve the camp's natural environment. The only island in Enterprise Lake is owned by the camp. It is maintained as a wildlife sanctuary, therefore no person can set foot on the island. Other natural features include two small lakes, a bog, and a marsh.
Camp Shin-Go-Beek.
Since 1948, Camp Shin-Go-Beek has been located near Waupaca, Wisconsin on Big Twin and Little Twin lakes. The camp is close to the chain-of-lakes area of central Wisconsin, the Crystal River and Shadow Lake (used for camp canoe trips), and many outdoor recreation areas including the Wolf and Fox Rivers. College towns of Oshkosh, Appleton, and Steven's Point are nearby. The camp is serviced by Order of the Arrow Pachsegink Lodge.
Both Cub Scouts and Boy Scouts use Camp Shin-Go-Beek. The camp operates for several weeks in late June and early July, then the staff moves to Camp Mach-Kin-O-Siew for two weeks. The camp is home to chipmunks, deer, coyotes, and many endangered birds, such as the bald eagle, the sandhill crane, and the blue heron.
A concern of the camp is the fact that Little Twin Lake has completely dried up. The water level in Big Twin Lake has also dropped noticeably. However, this cycle of the twins is not completely without precedent as little twin was nearly dry in the early 1960s and called by the campers "Bounce Land." The nickname was both a tribute to the bouncy feel of the lake bed, but also a tongue in cheek reference to a trampoline amusement park in Melrose Park, Illinois.
References.
http://usscouts.org/databases/sss.cgi?type=&Council=Des+Plaines+Valley+Council&number=&state_nation=&city=&sort1=state_nation&sort2=city

</doc>
<doc id="18467612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467612" title="Convent of Santa Isabel">
Convent of Santa Isabel

The Convent of Santa Isabel is a royal monastery in central Madrid, Spain. Belonging to the Augustine order of nuns founded by the wife of Philip III of Spain, Margaret of Austria, it is located near the Atocha Train Station. A school for girls there had been founded by Philip II. It was designed in the 18th century by Gómez de Mora.
Starting from April 1995 it has been a "bien de interés cultural" and monument under the administration of the Patrimonio Nacional.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18467619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467619" title="Glastonbury Festival (1914–25)">
Glastonbury Festival (1914–25)

The first Glastonbury Festivals were a series of cultural events held in summer, from 1914 to 1926 in Glastonbury, Somerset, England. The festivals were founded by English socialist composer Rutland Boughton and his librettist Reginald Buckley. Apart from the founding of a national theatre, they envisaged a summer school and music festival based on utopian principles... With strong Arthurian connections and historic and prehistoric associations, Glastonbury was chosen to host the festivals. Among the supporters were Sir Edward Elgar and George Bernard Shaw, while financial support was received from the Clark family, shoemakers in nearby Street. The first festival included the premiere performance of Boughton's opera "The Immortal Hour". By the time the festivals ended in 1926, 350 staged works had been performed, as well as a programme of chamber music, lectures and recitals. The festivals ended ignominiously when Boughton's backers withdrew funds following a scandalous production of his Nativity opera "Bethlehem" in London. In sympathy with the miners and the ongoing General Strike, the production had Jesus born in a miner's cottage with King Herod as a top-hatted capitalist and his soldiers in police uniforms.
There is little link, beyond the name, between the festivals and the modern Glastonbury Festival of Performing Arts, founded in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="18467622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467622" title="Brygmophyseter">
Brygmophyseter

Brygmophyseter is an extinct genus of toothed whale in the sperm whale family with one species Brygmophyseter shigensis. When first described, this species was placed in an extinct form genus "Scaldicetus" of toothed whale, as Scaldicetus shigensis. In 2006, two new genus names were independently created for the species: Naganocetus and "Brygmophyseter". Since "Brygmophyseter" was published first, "Naganocetus" becomes a junior synonym.
Etymology.
The genus name is a combination of the Greek word "brygmos", which means "biting" or "gnashing", combined with suffix "Physeter", which is the generic name of the living sperm whale, and which is also the Greek word for "blower". This has led to the occasional vernacular term "biting sperm whale" being given to the species in popular culture.
Holotype specimen.
The holotype specimen (SFM-0001) was excavated from the Bessho Formation in the Nagano Prefecture in Japan in 1988 by the residents of Shiga-mura with assistance from the staff of the Shiga Fossil Museum. The specimen is nearly complete, and includes a 140 cm (4' 7'' ft) long skull. This specimen came from 15–14 million year old sediments. Unlike the extant sperm whale, "Physeter macrocephalus", which has teeth in its lower jaw only, "Brygmophyseter" has 12 functional teeth on each side of the lower jaws and 12 functional teeth on each side of the upper jaws. The holotype specimen is currently on display in the Gunman Museum of Natural History in Japan.
Size.
The holotype specimen is around long. However, in popular culture, "Brygmophyseter" have been depicted significantly larger in size – up to long.
Behavior and predatory capabilities.
"Brygmophyseter" was likely among the apex predators of its time. It packed a formidable jaws armed with teeth up to 14 cm (5.5 inches) long. It may have employed sonar to track prey items in deep waters, like the modern age Sperm Whales. It may also have used its large head to ram a potential opponent during conflict. "Brygmophyseter" would also have lived in social groups called "pods", and probably hunted in packs, like modern age Orcas.
Dietary preferences.
"Brygmophyseter" is assumed to have preyed upon a variety of animals including fish, pinnipeds, giant squid, and other cetaceans. 
It shall be noted that remains of undetermined mysticeti whales have been found in the same region where the holotype specimen was found, however a predator-prey relationship between "Brygmophyseter" and these whales has not been inferred in the scientific literature.
Potential threats.
The shark species "C. megalodon" was likely a primary predator of the sperm whales. A large number of cetacean bones have been found with large bite marks (deep gashes) in them, which were caused by teeth that belong to "C. megalodon".
In popular culture.
"Brygmophyseter" is featured in an episode of "Jurassic Fight Club" – as an adversary of the "C. megalodon". The history of its finding and probable behavior have also been explored within the show.

</doc>
<doc id="18467628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467628" title="H.F. Barrows Manufacturing Company Building">
H.F. Barrows Manufacturing Company Building

H.F. Barrows Manufacturing Company Building (also known as the North Attleboro Police Station) is a historic brick building at 102 South Washington Street in North Attleborough, Massachusetts.
The Late-Victorian building was constructed in 1900 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001. Today the building serves as the headquarters for the North Attleboro Police Department.

</doc>
<doc id="18467635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467635" title="Colegio de Doncellas Nobles">
Colegio de Doncellas Nobles

The Colegio de Doncellas Nobles was a school for girls founded in 1551 in Toledo, Spain, and placed under royal patronage. It is now considered a royal site, under the administration of the Patrimonio Nacional. The girls were admitted to the school between the ages of seven and ten, and received an education. They could exit into marriage with a dowry, or into a convent without a dowry. They had to be of "clean blood", that is, descendants of Old Christian, and therefore not a descendant of someone at odds with the Inquisition, which usually meant Jewish, Muslim, or heretical ancestry.

</doc>
<doc id="18467647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467647" title="Zhongornis">
Zhongornis

Zhongornis (meaning "intermediate bird") is a genus of primitive birds that lived during the Early Cretaceous. It was found in rocks of the Yixian Formation in Lingyuan City (China), and described by Gao et al. in 2008.
"Zhongornis" has only one described species, "Zhongornis haoae". The only specimen is a fossil slab and counterslab numbered D2455/6. It is in the collection of the Dalian Natural History Museum. It is a fairly complete skeleton about eight centimeters in length. Pores in the bones and unfused sutures in the skeleton indicate that the specimen was a juvenile, but the authors believe that it was developed enough to erect a new taxon on the basis of its unique morphological characters. There are feather impressions preserved on the right hand and also probable tail feathers preserved near the left foot. "Zhongornis" had a beaked mouth with no teeth. The tail is proportionately short, has thirteen vertebrae, and no pygostyle. The third finger has only two phalangeal bones, unlike non - avian dinosaurs and "Confuciusornis", and more like Enantiornithes and more advanced birds. These features and a cladistic analysis indicate that "Zhongornis" is the sister group to all pygostylia, meaning that it is intermediate between long - tailed Avialae like "Archaeopteryx" and more advanced taxa like "Confuciusornis".
Evolutionary significance.
"Zhongornis" provides important anatomical information about the evolutionary transition from primitive basal Avialae like "Archaeopteryx", which had a long bony tail and a dinosaur-like third finger, to the more advanced birds like the Enantiornithes, which had reduced third fingers and tails fused into rigid pygostyles. Zhonghornis is the only fossil ever found that seems to be intermediate in these features. It appears to have one less bone in the third finger than "Archaeopteryx", and one more than "Longipteryx", suggesting that it is an intermediate between the two. "Zhongornis" also seems to be intermediate in its tail anatomy. It has only thirteen caudal vertebrae, far less than the 22 in "Archaeopteryx". None of the vertebral centra are fused, but the last four do form a continuous lateral flange, implying that this specimen had an incipient pygostyle. Previous to this fossil Sanz et al. (1992) suggested that the evolution of the pygostyle may have proceeded as the numerous vertebrae of the tail became very small and highly ankylosed. "Zhongornis" suggests that shortening of the tail, and a large reduction in the number of vertebrae, preceded the origin of the pygostyle in the evolution of at least one bird lineage.

</doc>
<doc id="18467651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467651" title="Bruno Petrarca">
Bruno Petrarca

Bruno Petrarca (born December 25, 1906, date of death unknown) is an Italian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the featherweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Joseph Salas.

</doc>
<doc id="18467655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467655" title="0 + 2 = 1">
0 + 2 = 1

0 + 2 = 1 is the fifth full-length album by Nomeansno.

</doc>
<doc id="18467657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467657" title="Pantheon of Illustrious Men">
Pantheon of Illustrious Men

The Pantheon of Illustrious Men () is a royal site in Madrid, under the administration of the Patrimonio Nacional. It was designed by Spanish architect Fernando Arbós y Tremanti, and is located in Basilica of Nuestra Señora de Atocha in the Retiro section of Madrid.
Notable interments.
The pantheon houses the tombs of a number of famous Spaniards including:
Notable structures.
The site also contains its own version of the statue of Liberty, an 1857 tomb designed by sculptors Federico Aparici, Ponciano Ponzano and Sabino Medina, moved here in 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="18467658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467658" title="Islamic Society of Western Maryland">
Islamic Society of Western Maryland

The Islamic Society of Western Maryland (ISWMD), located in Hagerstown, Maryland is the first permanent structure to be built specifically to serve as a mosque in Western Maryland. This building has served as a place of worship for Muslims for over a decade. The mosque was built in 1994, after the attached, American Revolutionary War-era home proved to be insufficient to accommodate the growing community.

</doc>
<doc id="18467661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467661" title="William Mundy">
William Mundy

William Mundy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18467664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467664" title="John Cananus">
John Cananus

John Cananus or John Kananos () was a Byzantine Greek historian who lived during the first half of the 15th century. 
Life.
He wrote an account of the failed siege of Constantinople by the Ottomans under the sultan Murad II in 1422. Cananus attributes the survival of the Byzantine capital to the miraculous intervention of Theotokos. The account differs from the contemporary history of John Anagnostes, who described Murad's sack of Thessalonica in 1430, chiefly in Cananus' frequent religious polemic, and in his willingness to write in the vernacular Greek, as opposed to the Atticism of Anagnostes and Critobulus. Their use of Greek, while "artificial in the extreme," is intended as an "imitation of the classics;" an ideal which had been "the governing principle for all writers who aimed at a good style not merely under the Roman empire but right to the end of the Byzantine period."
John Cananus is sometimes identified with Lascaris Cananus, who travelled to Scandinavia and Iceland around 1439: "Laskaris Kananos (ca. 1438–1439) has paid attention to coinage in Stockholm and Bergen, the
subordination of Sweden and Norway to the Danish king, to the residence of the King of Denmark in “Kupanava”, Copenhagen, the supervision of the cities of Riga and Revel in Livonia by the archbishop and Great Master of the Order, etc. In his description of his voyage to Iceland Laskaris Kananos identified this island with the above-mentioned Thule, the inhabitants of which he calls “ichthyophags”, i.e. fish-eaters. This Byzantine traveller visited — penetrating into Venedicos Kolpos, i.e. the Baltic Sea — Norway, Sweden, Livonia, Prussia, Pommern, Schleswig, Denmark and Britain, whereafter he made a trip to Iceland." 

</doc>
<doc id="18467665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467665" title="Cornelis Musch">
Cornelis Musch

Cornelis Musch (Rotterdam, 1592 or 1593 – The Hague, December 15, 1650) was "Griffier" (Chief Clerk) of the States-General of the Netherlands, the governing body of the Dutch Republic, from 1628 till the start of the First Stadtholderless Period. He was a byword for corruption in his lifetime.
Biography.
Family Life.
Cornelis Musch was the son of Jan Jacobsz. Musch, a rich Rotterdam herring merchant, and Maritge Cornelisd. Matelieff, a merchant of fishing tackle, and so rich in her own right that she was able to buy the "Heerlijkheid" of Waalsdorp. Lord of Waalsdorp was therefore the first aristocratic title Musch was able to use (1635). He later also acquired other lordships: Nieuwveen (1648), Carnisse (1649) and Opvelt and Muylstede (1650).
He married Elisabeth Cats, a daughter of Grand Pensionary Jacob Cats on June 9, 1636 when he was 44 and she 17. They had several daughters who married well. One was Elisabeth Maria who married the unlucky Henri de Fleury de Coulan, better known as "captain Buat", who would lose his head in a treason affair, which bears his name. Her sister Maria Elisabeth married Matthijs Pompe, lord of Slingelandt, a prominent Dordrecht Regent. A third daughter, Anna Catharina, married Carel van den Boetzelaer, also a prominent Regent.
Career.
After studying at the Rotterdam Latin school and Leiden University (1612), he rounded off his studies with a law degree from the University of Orléans in 1617. In the sequel of the coup d'état by stadtholder Maurice, Prince of Orange in 1618, which brought about the fall of Johan van Oldenbarnevelt, he enjoyed the patronage of Francis van Aarssens (one of the main enemies of Oldenbarnevelt). He became Advocat of the States-General, to fill a vacancy after the purge of the Oldenbarnevelt adherents. Equally, after the purge of the Rotterdam "vroedschap", he was appointed "griffier" (secretary) of that city in 1619.
In 1628 he was appointed "griffier" of the States-General in the same resolution which appointed his predecessor Johan van Goch "thesaurier-generaal" (treasurer) of the Union (April 27). Later historians complain about his longhand, which is far less legible than that of Van Goch. This makes the study of the registers of the States-General unduly onerous for the years in which Musch was chief clerk [http://www.inghist.nl/Onderzoek/Projecten/BesluitenStaten-generaal1626-1651/inleiding#_ftnref1].
Besides this important office on the federal level, he also acquired offices on the local level, like "hoogheemraad" (a member of the governing body) of the polder Delfland (1643)[http://www.gevelstenen.net/kerninventarisatie/images/Delft/Oude%20Delft%20167%20Cornelis%20Musch.jpg] and "groot baljuw" of "Het Vrije van Staats Vlaanderen" (an area in present-day Zeelandic Flanders; 1645).
As the salaried official of the States-General Musch was soon able to build an informal position of power. The presidency of the States-General rotated weekly, so that presidents hardly had time to get acquainted with affairs before they were already replaced. They tended to lean heavily on the "Griffier". Also, in this period the Grand Pensionaries of Holland (who would normally perform a leading role in the affairs of the States-General) were selected for their incompetence and weakness, to protect the power position of the Stadtholder Frederick Henry, Prince of Orange. On the other hand, Musch became a favorite of Frederick Henry, and helped him manage the States-General.
Musch also made himself useful to foreign diplomats. King Louis XIII of France acknowledged this when he created Musch an "écuyer" (squire) in September, 1632, on the recommendation of Cardinal Richelieu, for services rendered to French diplomacy (i.e. the Dutch government had no secrets for the French one, thanks to Musch). When the Franco-Dutch alliance was renewed in 1636 all members of the commission of the States-General who negotiated the treaty received liberal gratuities from the French Crown, but Musch received the largest: 20,000 "livres".
Besides state secrets, almost anything was for sale, as far as Musch was concerned. He was accused of altering the resolutions of the States-General that he was supposed to enter in the register, presumably for a consideration. He also played a central role in the patronage system of the Republic. Offices and other favors could be obtained from the stadtholder and the States-General if Musch received the required consideration.
Such practices would be considered "corrupt" nowadays. In those days, however, they might be considered reasonable perks of the office, as long as they remained within certain bounds. By common consent, Musch went beyond those bounds, but because he was such an important part of the Orangist regime under Frederick Henry and his son and successor William II, Prince of Orange, Musch managed to get away with it to almost the end of his life.
However, he was known to have played an important role during the coup d'état of William II against the Holland Regents in August, 1650 [http://www.digitalebibliotheek.be/tekst/cara002held01_01/cara002held01_01_0009.htm]. When William suddenly died in October, Musch was exposed to the wrath of the newly resurgent Regents, who decided to make an example of him. He was made the subject of an investigation into the coup, and of his corrupt practices. This may have convinced him to take his own life on December 15 (though the exact circumstances of his death are unclear). His motivation would have been that a conviction would have brought confiscation of his fortune, which amounted to an estimated 2,000,000 gulders at his death. Thus, he protected his heirs.
After his death Joost van den Vondel wrote the following satirical epitaph:
which amounts to an elaborate play on Musch' name () and how sparrows spoil food and dump on people's heads, while alluding to the fact that important Orangists like Van Aarsens profited from his corrupt practices.

</doc>
<doc id="18467668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467668" title="List of football stadiums in Italy">
List of football stadiums in Italy

The following is a list of football stadiums in Italy, ordered by capacity. Currently all stadiums with a capacity of 10,000 or more are included.

</doc>
<doc id="18467672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467672" title="Bill Mundy">
Bill Mundy

Bill Mundy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18467678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467678" title="Golden Cross, Coventry">
Golden Cross, Coventry

The Golden Cross is one of the oldest pubs in Coventry, West Midlands, and one of the longest alcohol-serving venues in England.
History of the building.
First mentioned as an inn in 1661, the Golden Cross is dated to 1583. The structure of the building is typical of the Tudor-style of this period with three vaulted or ‘jettied’ upper floors. It has close-studding on the upper floors and moulded jetty boards. The finest feature is the 'dragon beam' visible in the ground-floor ceiling. This is a large timber beam that enables a jettied first floor to pass round a corner of the building.
Today, the Golden Cross stands much modified. A restoration in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries used timbers from the original wooden bell tower of St. Michael’s Church. An extension in 1968 substantially changed the interior of the pub, doubling the building's size by extending the gentleman’s bar, smoke room and upstairs club room.
In February 1955, the Golden Cross was listed by the now-disbanded Coventry City Guild (1914–1961) as a Grade II* listed building of special interest. There are only three buildings like it in the city centre.
After suppression of religious houses, inns such as the Golden Cross became important meeting places for city companies. Groups such as the Golden Cross Philanthropic Society, formed in 1859, held regular meetings in the club room upstairs. The society was composed of well-respected men of society and their aim was to help the poor by raising money for local hospitals, schools etc. The Coventry City Supporters club also held a meeting at the Golden Cross in 1951. The poet Philip Larkin was a frequent visitor. Since the 1970s, the club room has been associated with live music.
The pub stands in the medieval heart of the city close to several other ancient buildings that survived the bombing raids of the Second World War, namely the shell of the old Coventry Cathedral of St. Michael, St. Mary’s Guild Hall, Holy Trinity Church.
Coventry Cross.
The public house is probably named after the nearby Coventry Cross. The new monument is 100 metres from the original position in Broadgate and Cross-Cheaping. In 1422 a cross was set up at the south end of Cross Cheaping; it may not have been the first on the site. This was replaced in 1543 by a magnificent monument, for which Sir William Holles had left £200 in his will.
This Coventry Cross was erected some 40 years before the Golden Cross public house. In 1668–9 it was refurbished, painted in bright colours and smothered in gold leaf, to the point that it was painful to look at on a sunny day. It had a hexagonal base and was 57 feet high, with niches containing statues of saints and kings. It fell into decay and was demolished in 1771.

</doc>
<doc id="18467680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467680" title="Buffalo riot of 1967">
Buffalo riot of 1967

The Buffalo riot of 1967 references the race riots that occurred on the East Side of Buffalo, New York, from June 26 to July 1, 1967. On the afternoon of June 27, 1967, small groups of African American teenagers cruised the neighborhood of William Street and Jefferson Avenue breaking car and store windows. By night nearly 200 riot-protected police were summoned and a battle ensued.
Many African Americans, three policemen and one fire fighter were injured. Although the riot dispersed that night, it began again the next afternoon with fires set, cars over-turned, and stores looted whether or not they had "soul brother" written on them. This time 400 police were summoned. Forty blacks were injured, nearly half from bullet wounds.
The riots virtually shut down the city. During the night of June 28, over 40 people were hurt, 14 with gunshot wounds. On June 30, Jackie Robinson, then serving as Governor Nelson Rockefeller's Special Assistant for Urban Affairs, met with Mayor Frank Sedita about the riots. It was the first move by the Governor to intervene in the violence.
On November 10, 1967, Dr. Martin Luther King visited Buffalo and in a speech titled "The Future of Integration" at Kleinhans Music Hall before about 2,500 persons sponsored by the Graduate Student Association at the University at Buffalo proclaimed: "We are moving toward the day when we will judge a man by his character and ability instead of by the color of his skin."

</doc>
<doc id="18467694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467694" title="Tromsø Storm">
Tromsø Storm

Tromsø Storm is a Norwegian basketball team from the city of Tromsø, playing in the Norwegian Basketball Premier League, BLNO. The home arena of Tromsø Storm is Tromsøhallen, which has an official capacity of approximately 2,500 spectators. 
Tromsø Storm has been playing in the BLNO since the Norwegian league was officially revitalized in the year 2000. Prior to this, the club was playing in the Norwegian top division under the name Tromsø Basketball Klubb (TBBK). TBBK won the play-offs in the Norwegian top division in 1997 and lost the finals in 1998. For the past ten years the club has not been able to copy this achievement under its new name. 
Historically Tromsø Storm has performed in the low and mid-range of the league table, but for the past couple of seasons, the team won the league championship in the 2006/2007 season and took bronze medals in the 2007/2008 season. Despite these achievements, the club has not been able to make it through to the play-off finals. 
Tromsø Storm has been one of the two clubs in the league with the highest attendances on average, with an all-time high in the final match of the 2006/2007 season when a full packed arena saw the team beat the arch rival Harstad Vikings in the final match of the regular season, bringing the team to the top of the league table and winning the league championship. 
Roster as of end season 10/11

</doc>
<doc id="18467695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467695" title="Thomas Myddelton (disambiguation)">
Thomas Myddelton (disambiguation)

Thomas Myddelton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18467705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467705" title="1997 USC Trojans football team">
1997 USC Trojans football team

The 1997 University of Southern California Trojans football team (variously "Trojans" or "USC") represented the University of Southern California during the college football season of 1997, finishing with a 6–5 record and tied for fifth place in the Pacific-10 Conference with a 4–4 conference record; despite a qualifying record, the Trojans were not invited to a bowl game. The team was coached by John Robinson, in his second stint as head coach of the Trojans, and played their home games at the Los Angeles Coliseum.
Before the season.
USC entered the preseason with 75 players from its 1996 squad that went a disappointing 6–6; it returned starters at 14 positions, eight on offense and six on defense along with both the punter and placekicker. The Trojans had a top 10-ranked recruiting class with 18 high school players and two transfer players from junior college programs; 16 of the 20 incoming players were All-Americans at previous levels. The Trojan running game, led by Delon Washington, hoped to improve a ground game that was ranked 90th in the nation; considered very disappointing at a school that had been known as "Tailback U". USC brought in Hue Jackson as the new Offensive Coordinator; Jackson had previously served as offensive coordinator for California under Steve Mariucci, who had been hired to coach the NFL's San Francisco 49ers.
Game notes.
Florida State.
USC opened its season hosting the #5-ranked Florida State University Seminoles of the Atlantic Coast Conference, under long-time coach Bobby Bowden, in the first ever game between the two programs.
The Seminoles entered the game as a dominant force in college football, having finished in the top four of the final poll for 10 consecutive years behind teams famous for their speed and depth; the previous season the Seminoles went 11–1. The Trojans entered the with a new quarterback, sophomore John Fox, after the graduation of veteran quarterback Brad Otten. The #23-ranked Trojans were a departure from Florida State's recent trend of season-opening opponents, which tended towards low-ranked teams in games played either at their home field or on a neutral field. The Trojans hoped to reestablish their running game, which had been anemic the previous season; however the Seminoles had allowed an average of only 59 yards rushing in 1996.
The Seminoles defeated the Trojans, 14–7, in a competitive, defense-oriented game. Florida State scored first: After recovering a fumble by USC Delon Washington at the USC 36, the Seminoles scored on a two-yard quarterback sneak with 2:10 left in the first quarter. The Trojans were able to respond in the second quarter, tying the score, 7–7, with 13:42 left in the half. The pivotal moment in the game came on a 97-yard Seminoles drive in the fourth quarter that resulted in the go-ahead score with 10:40 left in the game. The drive was almost stopped when cornerback Brian Kelly dropped a near-interception about 11 yards from Florida State's end zone. USC had two more drives, with the second reaching the Florida State 26-yard line before turning the ball over on downs.
USC was pleased with the performance of Fox, who in his first start completed 18 of 32 passes for 159 yards with one interception that came on a fourth-down play. However the running game did not produce, totaling 25 yards with starting tailback Washington going for only 16 yards in 18 carries. The defense performed well, led by sophomore linebacker Chris Claiborne who had eight tackles, including two sacks. USC held the Seminoles to 89 yards rushing. Kelly broke up four passes, made five tackles and had an interception that was wiped out by an offside penalty against USC. Neither team did very well on third-down conversions; USC was 4 of 17, Florida State went 4 of 14.
Despite losing the game, the Trojans' performance was seen as a positive sign that the team was approaching the season with a drive not present until the very end of the previous season. USC remained ranked #23. Florida State would go on to a 11–1 record, winning the ACC conference and ending the season ranked #3 in the AP Poll.
Washington State.
Opening Pac-10 Conference play, the USC hosted the Washington State Cougars under coach Mike Price. The Cougars arrived after a bye week; they defeated UCLA in their opening game, led by junior quarterback Ryan Leaf who passed for 381 yards and three touchdowns in a 37–34 victory. USC entered the game favored by a touchdown, and with a 10-game winning streak against Washington State, since 1986, and a home winning streak stretching back to 1957. The game was framed as the Trojans opportunity to set the tone of their season: They didn't drop in the polls after a close loss to highly ranked Florida State; a win against Cougars would help them start rising in the polls; a loss would likely undo any good will left over in voters.
The Cougars defeated the Trojans, 28–21; it was the first time the Cougars had ever defeated UCLA and USC in the same season, and the first time they had won in the Coliseum in 40 years. Washington State had a strong first half, leading 21–6 at the end of the second quarter; the Trojans only touchdown had the extra-point blocked. John Fox fumbled a snap that led to Washington State's third touchdown. R. Jay Soward returned the second half kickoff 95 yards for a touchdown, spurring a USC rally. Early in the fourth quarter, the Trojans used a halfback pass for a touchdown, then went on to make a two-point conversion to tie the score, 21–21, with 12:44 remaining in the game. The USC defense held the Cougars for most of the second half; but Washington State finally moved ahead late in the fourth quarter, when Leaf connected with a receiver for a 51-yard touchdown with 4:18 left in the game.
Fox did not show the same level of poise as his start against Florida State; he completed 23 of 42 passes for 229 yards. Leaf completed 21 of 40 passes for 355 yards and three touchdowns, though he was intercepted twice by Brian Kelly. The Trojans running game continued to be a non-factor, totaling 31 yards at approximately one yard per carry. The concern started to focus on the offensive line, as Delon Washington rushed for 20 yards in eight carries; and given an opportunity, freshman Malaefou MacKenzie managed only 14 yards in 11 carries. USC had 10 penalties for 92 yards, often placing the offense in long second down situations.
Although the Cougars entered the game unranked, they would go on to have an excellent season, finishing 10–2, sharing the Pac-10 title and playing in the Rose Bowl for only the third time in school history. Leaf would go on to have a strong year, throwing for a school-record 3,968 yards and 34 touchdowns, being named a first team All-American and finishing third in the voting for the Heisman Trophy.
The Trojans fell out of the rankings; the loss marked the fifth time in 104 years of football that USC opened a season 0-2, prior to the season the only Trojan teams that began a season with two defeats were those of 1896, 1902, 1957 and 1960.
California.
The Trojans played their first Pac-10 road game of the season, visiting the California Golden Bears, under first-year coach Tom Holmoe, at Memorial Stadium in Berkeley, California. The Golden Bears had defeated the Trojans the previous season, and hoped to make it a second year in a row for the first time since 1958.
The Trojans defense made seven sacks and forced Cal to punt eight times in a 27-17 victory. The Trojans surged to a 24-point halftime lead, but were held scoreless in the second as California tried to close the gap. R. Jay Soward caught two touchdown passes of 33 and 65 yards from John Fox; LaVale Woods rushed for 129 yards and two touchdowns. California receiver Bobby Shaw, who entered the game leading the nation, finished with five catches for 98 yards and one touchdown. The Trojans continued to have problems on special teams; kicker Adam Abrams missed a 34-yard field-goal attempt and an extra point, and allowed a blocked punt against punter Jim Wren.
Trojans offensive coordinator Hue Jackson, who had served in the same role for the Golden Bears the previous season, called plays from the field instead of the press box at head coach Robinson's request. USC entered the game ranked 112th among 112 Division I-A schools in net rushing yards. The offensive line reacted by inscribing the number "112" on their wrist bands before the game. The team made progress, gaining 123 yards in net rushing. The game allowed them to rise to 109th in rushing offense. On defense, USC held California to 31 rushing yards and ranked fifth nationally in rushing defense, giving up 54.3 yards a game.
The Trojans' victory ensured they would not go 0-3 for the first time since 1960.
UNLV.
Next hosted UNLV of the Western Athletic Conference, under head coach Jeff Horton. The Trojans entered the game as 25-point favorites against the Rebels.
Running back LaVale Woods sprained his left ankle on the second possession, placing the running game back on freshman Malaefou MacKenzie and senior Delon Washington, who had been Woods had replaced for the previous game against California. MacKenzie ran for 104 yards in 19 carries and two touchdowns. The kicking game improved, with Adam Abrams making the Trojans' first field goals of the season from 27 and 37 yards before the end of the first half. Cornerback Daylon McCutcheon was used successfully on offensive plays, taking advantage of his overall athletic abilities.
The victory was coach John Robinson's 100th college victory. 

</doc>
<doc id="18467711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467711" title="Pascal Dangin">
Pascal Dangin

Pascal Dangin (pronounced dahn-ZHANN) is a digital artist associated with retouching fashion photographs. He is the founder and chief executive of Box, a photo retouching business based in New York, USA.
Early years.
In his youth, Dangin lived in small towns in Corsica with his family. His parents were musically talented yet Dangin was indifferent to music. Dangin had two sisters and a "“tumultuous, itinerant childhood, which he does not like to recall”" (Collins).
Before he turned fifteen, Dangin left home and worked as a shampoo boy in a no-name salon in Paris’s Fifteenth Arrondissement. Dangin was drafted by the French Army and after serving for three months, was discharged and returned to Paris to continue his work as a hairdresser.
Dangin moved to America in 1989, leaving Paris on New Year’s Day. While doing hair for photo shoots in New York, he became interested in the connection between cameras and computers. In 1993, Dangin accepted his first paid retouching job.
The Photo Whisperer.
Pascal Dangin is sometimes called the "Photo Whisperer". He has been dubbed the ""premier retoucher of fashion photographs"" ("Final Fantasy"). Dangin is known in the fashion world as a Digital artist, editing shots that have appeared in Vanity Fair and Vogue ("Pascal Dangin").
Box.
Dangin is the founder and CEO of Box, where he leads a team of 40 photo post-production experts doing work for major magazines, photographers, and ad agencies. Photo projects range in revenue from $500 for a small photo to $20,000 for the cover of a major magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18467712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467712" title="Rifles in the American Civil War">
Rifles in the American Civil War

During the American Civil War, the rifle was the most common weapon found on the battlefield. Most of the rifles during that time were loaded with a small lead musket ball or with a minnie ball (or Minié ball) and black powder. Most rifles of this era were muzzle loaded rifled muskets. These rifles were used by both the United States of America ("Union") and the Confederate States of America.
Background.
In the decades leading up to the Civil War, numerous advances had been made in weapons. The flintlock, which had been in use for almost two hundred years, had been replaced by the caplock in the 1840s. Rifles had been in use for many years, but prior to the civil war had been rare in military use. The black powder at the time quickly fouled the barrel, making reloading slower and more difficult. Round balls did not fit so tightly into the barrel, and therefore did not suffer from the slow loading problem common to rifles. Black powder also quickly obscured the battlefield, which led military leaders of the time to conclude that the greater range of rifles was of little value on the battlefield. Military leaders therefore preferred the faster loading smooth bore weapons over the more accurate rifles. The invention of the Minié ball solved the slow loading problem, allowing smoothbore muskets to be replaced by rifles in the decades just before the civil war. In addition, most existing military doctrine was based around the smoothbore musket. Since the 17th century, infantry normally fought in a tight shoulder-to-shoulder line and fired volleys at each other. When one side gained the upper hand, they would finish off the attack with a bayonet charge. These tactics developed because smoothbore muskets were only accurate at short ranges. Rifles made this type of fighting obsolete because of their much greater range. In Civil War battles, infantry typically fought in a widely-spread out line, with the men using trees, rocks, buildings, etc. for cover. Linear formations were thus rarely seen any more (although it did occur in the Battle of Brawner's Farm the evening before Second Bull Run).
However, most American army officers in 1861 had been schooled in obsolete Napoleonic tactics, especially since many of them had served in the Mexican War, which was still fought in the old way with smoothbore muskets and linear formations. As such, officers typically failed to realize the power of rifles and continued to launch massed attacks against fortified enemies, which invariably resulted in heavy losses. For years, one of the standard manuals used in the US Army had been an 1835 translation by General Winfield Scott of a French work. Shortly before the Civil War, William J. Hardee (later to become a Confederate lieutenant general) updated it to include information on rifles, but he still assumed the use of linear formations in the book. Nonetheless, Hardee's book was produced in a huge variety of editions during the war, often for different types of infantry. For instance, one was produced specially for African-American troops, and another for Zouave units. There were many Southern editions, and at least one Northern edition that omitted Hardee's name from the title page.
Even worse was the state of cavalry tactics. Traditionally, mounted soldiers carried a lance, sword, or pistol and could sweep enemy infantry weakened by artillery or musket fire. Napoleon normally always tried to rout opposing armies from the field after softening their line with massed artillery barrages. The Napoleonic cavalry charge was thus made both obsolete and suicidal by rifles. At least two major battles in the Civil War, Gaines Mill and Gettysburg, saw such attempts, both with predictable results. As a result, cavalry came to be used mainly for raiding and scouting, and seldom participated in major battles. Mounted charges gave way to dismounted combat where men would tie up their horses and fight on foot.
When the American Civil War broke out in April 1861, neither the North (about 360,000 small arms) nor the South (about 240,000) had enough weapons to fight a major war. Stockpiles of rifles and handguns carried by individual soldiers were limited. As the war escalated those arms stockpiles were quickly diminished. Soldiers were often forced to use older smooth bore and flintlock muskets, which had been considered to be obsolete, simply because the newer rifles were not available in sufficient quantities. Many soldiers were forced to use their own personal hunting rifles, which were typically Kentucky or Pennsylvania type rifles. These rifles, while more accurate than smoothbore muskets, had been designed for hunting, and fired less deadly smaller caliber ammunition.
To combat the arms shortage, the Union and Confederacy both had imported large quantities of rifles from Europe, with each side buying whatever they could get. The relatively poor South only bought 50,000 by August 1862, while the North bought 726,000. Accordingly, during the first two years of the war soldiers from both sides used a wide variety of rifles, including many that were over 50 years old and were considered obsolete. At the same time, Northern rifle and gun manufacturers such as Sharps, Colt, Remington, and the United States armory at Springfield, Massachusetts quickly increased their production of rifles; Springfield alone increased its annual output from 20,000 to 200,000. The North was thus able to supply its own small arms needs while the South had to continue to rely on foreign sources, eventually purchasing 580,000 rifles.
Types.
Springfield Rifle Musket.
This was a single shot, muzzle-loading gun that used the percussion cap firing mechanism. It had a rifled barrel, and fired the .58 caliber Minié ball. The first rifled muskets had used a larger .69 caliber Minié ball, since they had simply taken .69 caliber smooth bore muskets and rifled their barrels. Tests conducted by the U.S. Army indicated that the .58 caliber was more accurate at a distance. After experimenting with the failed Maynard primer system on the Model 1855 musket, the Model 1861 reverted to the more reliable percussion lock. The first Model 1861 Springfields were delivered late in that year and during 1862 gradually became the most common weapon carried by Union infantry in the eastern theater. Western armies were slower to obtain Springfield rifles, and they were not widely used there until the middle of 1863.
Rifles were more accurate than smooth bore muskets, and could have been made using shorter barrels. However, the military was still using tactics such as firing by ranks, and feared that shorter barrels would result in soldiers in the back ranks accidentally shooting front rank soldiers in the back of the head. Bayonet fighting was also important at this time, which also made militaries reluctant to shorten the barrels. The Springfield Model 1861 therefore used a three-band barrel, making it just as long as the smoothbore muskets that it had replaced. The 38-inch-long rifled barrel made it a very accurate weapon, and it was possible to hit a man sized target with a Minié ball as far away as . To reflect this longer range, the Springfield was fitted with two flip up sights, one set for and the other for 500. Along with a revised 1863 model, it was the last muzzle-loading weapon ever adopted by the US Army.
By the end of the war, approximately 1.5 million Springfield rifle muskets had been produced by the Springfield Armory and 20 subcontractors. Since the South lacked sufficient manufacturing capability, most of the Springfields in Southern hands were captured on the battlefields during the war.
Many older Springfield rifle muskets, such as the Model 1855 and 1842, were brought out of storage and used due to arms shortages. Many smooth bore muskets dating all the way back to the Springfield Model 1812 were brought out of storage for similar reasons. These old and obsolete weapons were replaced by newer weapons as they became available.
Enfield Rifle Musket.
The second most widely used weapon of the Civil War, and the most widely used weapon by the Confederates, was the British Pattern 1853 Enfield. Like the Springfield, this was a three-band, single-shot, muzzle-loading rifle musket. It was the standard weapon for the British Army between 1853–1867. American soldiers liked it because its .577 cal. barrel allowed the use of .58 cal. ammunition used by both Union and Confederate armies. Originally produced at the Royal Small Arms Factory at Enfield, England, approximately 900,000 of these muskets were imported during 1861–1865, seeing use in every major battle from Shiloh onward. Many officers, however, preferred the Springfield muskets over the Enfield muskets—largely due to the interchangeability of parts that the machine-made Springfields offered. see
The Enfield had a stepped flip up sight, which was adjustable from ( in later models) in 100 yard increments. Realistically, though, hitting anything beyond 500 yards was mostly a matter of luck.
Lorenz Rifle.
The third most widely used weapon of the Civil War was the Lorenz Rifle. This rifle was invented in 1854 by Austrian lieutenant Joseph Lorenz. This rifle had first seen action in the Second Italian War of Independence.
The Lorenz rifle was similar in design to the Enfield rifle-musket. It used a percussion lock, was similar in length, and had three barrel bands, like the Springfield and Enfield. The Lorenz rifle was originally .54 caliber. A large number were bored out to .58 caliber so that they could use the same ammunition as the Springfield and Enfield rifle-muskets.
The quality of Lorenz rifles during the Civil War was not consistent. Some were considered to be of the finest quality, and were sometimes praised as being superior to the Enfield. Others, especially those in later purchases, were described as horrible in both design and condition. The bored out versions were not consistent in caliber, ranging from .57 to .59. Many of these poorer quality weapons were swapped out on the battlefield for Enfield rifle-muskets whenever one became available.
The Union purchased 226,924 Lorenz rifles, and the Confederacy bought as many as 100,000.
Whitworth Rifle.
The Whitworth rifle was designed by Sir Joseph Whitworth, and was manufactured in Manchester, England. The Whitworth rifle featured a unique hexagonal shaped bullet (with a matching hexagonal barrel) that gave it superior accuracy. This rifle was mostly used by Confederate snipers. The accuracy of the Whitworth was often exaggerated, but it was capable of hitting a man sized target beyond 1,000 yards.
Whitworth rifles were equipped with either Enfield style sights or telescopic sights. The telescopic sights were more accurate, but had a reputation for bruising the user's eye due to the rifle's recoil.
Other rifles used.
Other rifles used during the Civil War were the British P-1841-Bored Brunswick Rifle (not common), Burnside carbine (used only by cavalry), Henry rifle (Very limited issue; many brought privately by individuals), and the Spencer rifle (used almost exclusively by cavalry). There was also the Model 1859 Sharps rifle, a single-shot breechloader. They were expensive to manufacture and only 11,000 were produced, most of which were unissued or went to sharpshooters. However, the Sharps carbine was very common, with over 90,000 produced. The rifles differed from each other mainly in the different "actions" they had. Almost all rifles were made with iron barrels, while only some, like the Burnside, used steel, which then was expensive.
Model 1855 rifles were fairly common. Most of the regular army was equipped with them in 1861, and the Confederates had a few thousand that had been stored in Southern arsenals. They acquired more through battlefield pickups and would use them throughout the war (although the 1855 rifle was eventually replaced in the Union ranks by 1861 Springfields).
The Model 1841 Mississippi Rifle, the progenitor of the Model 1855 and 1861 Springfield, was still used in the Civil War to a fair degree, especially by Confederate non-commissioned officers (NCOs) and sharpshooters.
The Confederacy also produced a variety of weapons itself, standardizing on .58 caliber in 1862. These were usually clones of existing designs and tended to be poor quality due to shortages of raw material and skilled labor. Some such weapons included clones of the Sharps carbine, the Richmond/Fayetteville rifles (a Springfield clone) and imitations of Enfield rifles and musketoons.
The only breechloading rifle (not built as a carbine like the Burnside) firing a primed-metallic cartridge (a .50 cal. rimfire) made by the Federal Government (at Springfield Armory) and actually designed for issue to infantrymen was the Model 1865 Springfield Joslyn Rifle, of which only 3,007 were made. In fact, this rifle was the first breechloader ever made in any national armory that fired a primed metallic cartridge. It was basically a Joslyn Carbine action fitted to an 1863 Springfield barrel and stock (though heavily modified). It was issued to disabled soldiers of the Veteran Reserve Corps very late in the war (April 1865) and likely was never used in action. However, it established the single-shot metallic cartridge breechloader as a standard infantry weapon, which eventually all modern armies adopted in one form or another. The US adopted the breechloading 1866 Springfield "Trapdoor" infantry rifle built from surplus rifle-musket parts after the war.
The new repeater rifles would see fairly limited use in the Civil War. The first such weapon adopted by the US Army was the Model 1855 Colt Revolving Rifle (and a companion carbine), but it had a serious defect in that the gun would often discharge several chambers at once, the extra rounds flying straight into the hand that was holding the barrel up. Some soldiers tried to get around this dangerous problem by loading only one chamber, however this defeated the purpose of having a repeater rifle. Most Colt Revolving Rifles were eventually sold off by the War Department for 55 cents just to get rid of them. The unfortunate experience the army had had with these led to a stigma against repeating rifles, combined with the old fear that they (and single-shot breech loaders) would encourage men to waste ammunition.
Spencer rifles were the first successful repeater used in the United States. After attending a demonstration firing, President Lincoln was impressed enough to give it his approval. The seven-shot Spencer was produced in rifle and carbine versions, although the latter was more common. By 1864, some Union companies were armed with them, although rarely whole regiments. A few fell into Confederate hands, but proved largely unusable due to a lack of ammunition (the Confederacy had insufficient supplies of copper to manufacture the Spencer's rimfire cartridges).
The Henry rifle had a copper or brass cartridge that effectively sealed the breech of the gun so that the hot propellant gases would be held inside of the gun. The ignition source was a folded rim on the inside of the gun. The inventor of the gun was able to mass-produce a cartridge that had a powerful powder charge. The power of a Henry Rifle was comparable in power to military pistols, but that was not enough to be used as a shoulder fired rifle for the military. While most shoulder fired rifles during the time fired a bullet between 350 and 500 grains propelled by 40 to 60 grains of powder the Henry rifle shot a small .44 bullet of only 200 grains and 26 to 28 grains of black powder, giving it a quite short range. While the Henry was carried and used by men in the Civil War it was not widely accepted or popular by the military. Nonetheless, Henry and Spencer rifles were used at the December 1864 Battle of Nashville to quite devastating effect.

</doc>
<doc id="18467714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467714" title="California slang">
California slang

California slang is slang used in California English, or which originates in California. The slang heard in California originates from four different regions: Northern California, the San Francisco Bay Area, Central California, and Southern California. Though some slang is used in all four regions, the usage of certain slang can help identify where a person is from in California. Since the center of the film and television industry is in Hollywood, California slang often becomes mainstream American slang due to its usage in movies and television.
Northern California slang.
The term Northern California (colloquially referred to as "NorCal" by residents of both Northern and Southern California) is generally used to refer to the State's 48 northernmost counties. Although the dialects of Northern and Southern California are near identical in many respects, they can be differentiated by their use of slang. Perhaps the most defining feature of the Northern California dialect is the use of the word "hella," and its milder form "hecka." Both words are a contraction of the phrase "hell of lot of" and are used to modify adjectives. In general, "hella" means "very," "a lot," or "extremely." For example, the phrase "the pizza was really good" could be replaced with "the pizza was hella good." As of 2010, an online petition, created by Yreka's Austin Sendek, seeks to establish "hella-" as the SI prefix for 1027. The prefix, which has since appeared in the San Francisco Chronicle, Daily Telegraph, and "Wired", was implemented by Google in May 2010. On May 31, 2011, Wolfram Alpha also implemented "hella-" as a supported prefix.
The term "A Kelly" was common soon after the slang term "Betty" was popularized in Southern California, but both terms are now obsolete. Especially in the East Bay and Oakland, the term "Kelly" was used to describe a low maintenance "hot girl". The term was used in the Xbox game A Pimp RPG where the main character Big Daddy K first meets up with Trixie and says "Whoa, you know what you got there? That's a Kelly. She ain't never gonna disappoint."
According to a survey of students at UC Berkeley in Fall 2013, Kelly is no longer used in Northern California; a similar survey at UC Davis yielded the same results.
San Francisco Bay Area slang.
Most San Francisco residents will often refer to the city as "SF" or simply "The City". Even in San Jose or Sacramento, going to "the City" refers to going to San Francisco. Sacramentans and San Jose residents refer to their own cities as "downtown". Many San Franciscans, Northern California residents, and people from the rest of the world may also use the slang "Frisco" for "San Francisco", though many San Franciscans and residents of Northern California also dislike the word and consider it derogatory. Oakland is typically referred to as "The Town".
The Bay Area is a commonly abbreviated to "The Bay" by Northern California residents.
"Tahoe" is a synonymous term for any area in the greater Lake Tahoe area. It could mean Truckee, South Lake Tahoe ("South Shore"), or even Reno. People visiting the mountains commonly say they are going "up the hill". "It took me 3 hours to drive from the City up the hill to Tahoe."
Gay Culture Influence.
Since San Francisco is home to The Castro, the largest gay neighborhood or "gayborhood" in the U.S., a lot of gay slang originates from the gay community living there. Examples include "rice queen", a non-Asian homosexual man who is predominantly attracted to Asian males, and "Castro Clone".
San Francisco Bay Area hip-hop culture slang.
Slang from the Bay Area, also known as the "yay area", is influenced by, hip hop music particularly local hyphy music, Mexican, Asian, and Eastern European cultures. Bay Area slang consists of words like: "hyphy", "ballin", "holla", "bounce", "chillax", "coochie", "ginormous", "cutty", "scraper", "perkin", "crossfaded", "yeee", "erray", "ghost ride the whip", "gas break dip", "bootsie", "bleezy", "simpin", "dime", "scrilla", "stunnas", "dubb", "gig", "sideshow", "stunting", and many other words. Some slang is rooted in drug culture such as "thizz" and "molly" for ecstasy, "yayo","yola",or "yay" for cocaine, and "purp", "sticky icky", "yurple", "buds", "trees" for weed. Other slang refers to getting intoxicated, partying, and dancing such as "get stupid", "go dumb", "crossfaded", and "get hyphy". "Bougie," a a hacked truncation of the word Bourgeoisie, is used to refer to someone seen as upper-class, or elitist. The slang "yadadamean" means "you know what I mean?" and "fasho" means "for sure". Some derogatory terms for females include "beezy", "ripper", "runner", "ratchet" and "biatch". Bay Area rappers like Mac Dre, Tupac Shakur, E-40, Zion I, Too Short, Andre Nickatina, Luniz, The Pack, The Coup, and more have coined many of these terms in their music. "Swag" or "Swagger" is also slang used in both Northern and Southern California to as a way to describe someone that is "cool." However, this term is now seen as outdated, as it was used for frequently in the Bay Area before becoming mainstream, and therefore overused.
Hippie influence.
At the start of The Hippie Movement in San Francisco in the 1960s, the term "hippie" was coined by a San Francisco journalist, Michael Fallon, in his article "A New Haven for Beatniks". During the Counterculture of the 1960s when psychedelic drugs were on the rise, Ken Kesey coined the words "acid test" and "acid rock", in reference to the parties that experimented with Lsd and the music that played in the background by bands such as The Grateful Dead.
Words like "Groovy", "far out", and "peace" (as a farewell) are also originated from the Hippie movement. The word "flower child" was coined during the Summer of Love on the streets of the Haight-Ashbury in San Francisco.
Central California Slang.
Central Californian slang tends to be an amalgamation of both Southern and Northern Californian slang, often siding toward the surfers. People will often refer to marijuana as "dank", "weed", or "bud"; it is also common to refer to a bowl of cannabis that has been expended as "cashed".
Southern California slang.
Slang used in Southern California originates from several subcultures:
Beach/Surf Slang.
This is often associated with the large population of surfers, skaters, and popular Southern California sports. To be "stoked", or excited about something, is slang that can be traced back to sixties surf culture, glorified in movies such as "The Endless Summer" and "Big Wednesday". Words such as "gnarly", "bro", "rad", "sick", "sketch", "beast", "epic," "swol", and "buzzkill" are used regularly now.
Valspeak.
The valley girl stereotype, as depicted in the 1983 film "Valley Girl", influenced the speech of northern and southern California natives living throughout the valley in California, by popularizing the valley girl sociolect, where the words "like", "all", "and", "so", "whatever", and "totally" are employed as linguistic fillers.
Hip Hop.
People say "cruise", jam, "bounce", or "mob" when planning on going somewhere (let's bounce/cruise to the store). People call marijuana "trees", "chronic", "kush", dank, "ganja", "buds", "hydro", "purple" or "skunk", but most commonly, it is simply referred to as "weed." "Trip" is often used to describe an overreaction (don't even trip, it's not a big deal.) "Baller," "G," and "swag"/"swagger" are all terms meaning or relating to "cool."
Beverly Hills.
The term '"Betty"' refers to an attractive woman or hottie. Possibly a reference to Bettie Paige, the 1950's American model and Queen of the "Pin-Up".

</doc>
<doc id="18467726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467726" title="Authority problem">
Authority problem

An authority problem is an interpersonal conflict in which a person struggles in how to cope with someone who claims control over an aspect of their lives. A few quintessential examples of such authority figures would include police officers, teachers, parents, and employers.

</doc>
<doc id="18467727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467727" title="Thomas Middleton (disambiguation)">
Thomas Middleton (disambiguation)

Thomas Middleton (1580–1627) was an English playwright.
Thomas Middleton may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18467729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467729" title="Theodore Heuck">
Theodore Heuck

Theodore C. Heuck (1830–1877) was an architect, a merchant, and a painter. He designed The Queen's Medical Center (dedicated to Queen Emma), the Royal Mausoleum of Hawaii in 1865, and ʻIolani Barracks in 1871.
Early life.
He was born in Hamburg, Germany and grew up as an only child.
Traveling from Australia, Heuck arrived in Hawaii January 20, 1850 and advertised as the first professional architect. Finding no business, he became a partner with Herman Von Halt in a retail store, "General Commission Merchants".
He became a citizen of the Kingdom of Hawaii and married Mahiki on March 22, 1852.
Starting out.
Trained as an architect, carpenter, and engineer Theodore C. Heuck was first noticed by King Kamehameha IV while walking around Heuck's retail store. The king saw Heuck's work and immediately wanted him to start building architecture in Honolulu. Heuck agreed and decided that he and his partner Herman Von Halt should split up. Their retail store was shut down and Von Halt went on to being a merchant while Heuck started building for the king.
The contract.
Theodore C. Heuck signed a contract stating that any building he constructed would be free of flaws. Failure to meet the terms of this contract would be death. Instead the other men had received their pay when all they did was check to see if Theodore was doing his job. Of course Theodore was furious with this but did not stress the matter, for fear that he would be killed for not being appreciative to the gift he already had.
Before starting, Heuck was given a contract on May 26 which stated that he would be responsible for any flaws that may occur when finished with any piece of architecture.
The Queen's Hospital.
By order of King Kamehameha IV, the Queens Hospital, now known as The Queen's Medical Center, was created in 1860 and was dedicated to Queen Emma and the people of Hawaii. This building was Heuck's first major project. In order to start building this creation, King Kamehameha IV had to first get approval from the legislature. So in 1854 he announced to the legislature the objective to create a hospital for the people of Hawaii. At that time, the Hawaiian race was seriously threatened by different types of disease brought to the islands by foreign visitors. Queen Emma supported the dream of a hospital, and the two campaigned tirelessly to make it a reality. They personally went door-to-door making the necessary funding. The royal couple exceeded their goal in just over a month, raising $13,530. In turn, the Legislature provided $6,000. On November 1, 1860 Heuck's contract ended. The trustees thanked Heuck for his hard work and promised that his name would be placed on the building, but he did not receive any money.
Heuck was appointed to the Privy Council from 1863 ro 1864, and then elected a representative to the legislature of the Hawaiian Kingdom from 1864–1867, and served as the secretary of the Board of Health.
He was also made a Knight of the order of Kamehameha I and a trustee of Queens Hospital. The Queen's Medical Center has become a major provider of health care to the people of Hawaii and stands near downtown Honolulu on Punchbowl Street.
The Royal Mausoleum.
King Kamehameha IV died November 30, 1863, 15 months after his son. His brother Lot Kamehameha came to the throne of Hawaii as King Kamehameha V. Immediately Heuck was hired to start the construction of a building for the king and the son known as The Royal Mausoleum. 
Built by Heuck in Nuuanu, Oahu at Mauna ala, the Royal Mausoleum was surrounded by a black fence, bearing the royal seal at the gate and built a small chapel which is located near the center. This was Heuck's second project. After finishing this structure on February 3, 1864, there was a large national funeral for the king.
Iolani Barracks.
Built partially from coral blocks and blocks cut with prison labor, Iolani Barracks, also known as "Halekoa", (House of warriors) was designed by Heuck in 1871 under the direction of King Lot Kapuaiwa (King Kamehameha V). The barracks was used by the kingdom's army, formerly called the "Household Troops" and housed about 60 soldiers. Heuck constructed the barracks to have a medieval castle look from Europe. It had coral block walls and a slate roof. It was surrounded by rooms once used by the guards as a mess hall, kitchen, dispensary, and lock up. This building was originally constructed in the site where the Hawai State Capital now stands. Every stone of Iolani Barracks was moved in 1965 to its present location at 364 South King Street on the Iolani Palace grounds. This was Heuck's third project completed and he spent an overbudgeted amount of $25,103.78. After the completion of this architecture Heuck's name was placed in the back of the barracks. The structure was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. After the overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii in 1893 the barracks was used on several occasions as headquarters for the National Guard of Hawaii. Now it has a palace shop, ticket office, video theater, and membership office.
Controversy.
Theodore C. Heuck was awarded many times for his architectural work and has been recognized for his altruism. Controversy still was part of his life. In 1870 Attorney General Stephen Henry Phillips claimed that Heuck was buying stolen whalebone to construct a building. This case continued until 1873 when both men went to court. During the trial, the jury decided Heuck was innocent. Meanwhile Phillips was found guilty for presenting false evidence. Heuck was later attacked for getting "no bid" contracts on government projects while effectively serving as Director of Public Works.
The end of a legacy.
Throughout his years in the islands, Heuck had enthusiasm for his work and was gratified by people's reactions to what he had built. On September 28, 1874 Heuck left Honolulu and returned to his home in Hamburg, Germany. In 1877 he died in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18467738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467738" title="Applewood cheese">
Applewood cheese

Applewood, or Applewood smoked cheddar, is a round, white smoke-flavoured Cheddar cheese that is manufactured by Norseland Limited (formerly Ilchester Cheese Company) in Somerset, England.
Character.
Applewood smoked cheddar is a fairly dense semi-hard cheese. Applewood is not smoked, but is instead treated with an artificial smoke flavouring. The cheese is coated with mild paprika, giving it a golden-amber appearance. The cheese itself is rather soft in some cases, making it difficult to grate. The smoked flavour of the cheese does not leave a burnt aftertaste.

</doc>
<doc id="18467750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467750" title="Bend of the Lane">
Bend of the Lane

Bend of the Lane is a historic site at 181 Cedar Avenue in Swansea, Massachusetts.
Bend of the Lane was built in 1740 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18467752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467752" title="Jhigli">
Jhigli

Jhigli is a village in Bangladesh (Bengali: ঝীগলী). Jhigli is within Sylhet, in the Sunamganj district, thana Chhatak.
General information.
Jhigli is located in Chattak Thana & Sunamgonj District in Bangladesh. Jhigli originally started out as 4 Paras: Jhigli, Bade Jhigli, Bisharod Pur & Khonchon Pur. Jhigli over the years has now grown into 7 Paras. The new Paras are Sulaiman Pur, Shanjob Pur and Islam Pur.
Jhigli abroad.
Jhigli is a source of migrants to the United Kingdom and the rest of the world. Certain parts of the United Kingdom are heavily populated with people from Jhigli, most notably the East End of London , especially the boroughs of Newham and Tower Hamlets, which includes Brick Lane, a famous street dubbed "Banglatown" for its large Bangladeshi. 
Another area where Jhigli have remained as a large group abroad is New York City in the United States. Although there are many of them living in Manhattan and Brooklyn, Jhiglis are mostly found in the borough of Queens. Most of them live in areas like Astoria, Long Island City, and Jackson Heights. Hillside Avenue in Jamaica, Queens has seen a tremendous amount of newly opened Bangladeshi restaurants mainly by Sylhetis and a great influx of such residents attracted by the real estate boom there. 
Income.
As so many Sylhetis are resident abroad, Jhigli has a major flow of foreign currency from non-resident Bangladeshis; many Jhiglis families' sole source of income comes from relatives abroad and this attracts influx migrant workers and families from other parts of Bangladesh.
Language.
Jhigli people communicate in Siloti Language which is most spoken language in Sylhet they also speak in Bengali English.

</doc>
<doc id="18467758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467758" title="Russ Russell">
Russ Russell

Russ Russell is a British record producer, sound engineer, mixer, mastering engineer, musician and writer. He has worked all over the world and now is mostly based at Parlour Studios in the UK. He was also the guitarist in the psychedelic band Draw, and now plays in British metal band Absolute Power.
Although working in many different styles of music Russ is now mostly known for his work in rock and metal working with bands such as Napalm Death, Dimmu Borgir, The Wildhearts, The Exploited, Evile, Lock Up, Defecation, Meathook Seed, The Berzerker, The Rotted, Space Ritual, Primitive Graven Image, Nuclear, Absolute Power, Leng Tch'e, Nekkrosis, The Ga Ga's, Sikth, Amorphis, New Model Army, Shrapnel, Luna Riot and many more. 
References.
Latest interview at RecordProduction.com
[http://recordproduction.com/blog/2009/10/russ-russell-record-producer-feature-at-parlour-sound-studios-uk/]
Sound on Sound Extreme Production Interview Part 1
- Part 2 [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14_ipbRzo6o

</doc>
<doc id="18467773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467773" title="Kurdistan Democratic Party/North">
Kurdistan Democratic Party/North

Democrat Party of Kurdistan/North, Kürdistan Demokrat Partisi/Kuzey in Turkish and Partiya Demokrat a Kürdistan/Bakur (PDK/Bakur) in Kurdish is an illegal political party active in Turkey. The aim of the party is to create an independent state for Kurdish people. Unlike PKK/KONGRA-GEL and "Kürdistan Devrim Partisi", two other illegal organisation with similar aims, PDK/Bakur does not follow Socialist principles and has a moderate agenda.
History.
PDK/Bakur was founded in September 1992 by the merger of "Ala Rızgari Birlik Platformu", "Ulusal Birlik Platformu" ("Bergeh"), some groups that had separated from "Rızgari" and some independents through a Congress of Union. Its original name was "Hevgırtın-PDK". The party was the successor of "Türkiye Kürdistanı Demokrat Partisi" (Democratic Party of Turkish Kurdistan)
In the Second Congress convened in November 1994 the party changed its name to PDK/Bakur taking into consideration the geographical scope of its activities suggesting that southeastern Turkey is northern Kurdistan.
Doctrine.
According to its program PDK/Bakur is a "national salvation" party. It has a national democratic character and therefore is open to different views. All points of view that are not fascist, racist, against equality of men and women, brotherhood of peoples and peace can be advanced within the party.
The party refuses the separation of Kurdish nation between different nation-states and renders illegitimate all international arrangements that support this status quo. It states that it aims to create a parliamentary democracy in the part of Kurdistan that lies within Republic of Turkey, make Kurdish people enjoy all rights bestowed on them by international law and create the conditions for a self-determination.
Designation as a Terrorist Organisation.
According to the Counter-Terrorism and Operations Department of Directorate General for Security (Turkish police) it is one of the 12 active terrorist organisations in Turkey and one of the three Kurdish separatist organisations. The list refers to the organisation as "Kürdistan Demokrat Partisi/Bakur".

</doc>
<doc id="18467774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467774" title="John Brown IV House">
John Brown IV House

John Brown IV is a historic colonial house at 703 Pearse Road in Swansea, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1752 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18467775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467775" title="2008 North America 4">
2008 North America 4

The 2008 North America 4 is the third tournament between the North America 4 teams. Each of the four teams played each other three times in round-robin play, followed by semi-finals, a final and third-place play-off.
Teams.
The teams competing are Canada East and Canada West, and the USA Falcons and USA Hawks. Each team was founded in 2005 by the NA4 committee, comprising the IRB, Rugby Canada and USA Rugby.
Canada West.
Coached by Tony Medina, who is assisted by Ian Hyde-Lay, Canada West won the inaugural competition. Captained by scrum-half Ed Fairhust the team won their first match 98-0, the largest win of the compeititon. Fairhurst has represented Canada at test level, as well, the team has a front row with test experience.
Canada East.
Coached by Simon Blanks, with assistants Jeff Prince and Greg Thaggard, Canada East finished third in 2006 after winning the consolation final. The team was captained by Derek Daypuck who also finished their leading points scorer on 78.
USA Falcons.
Coached by Jim Love who is assisted by Kevin Battle. Their captain was Patrick Bell. The team finished runners-up after losing the competition final. 
USA Hawks.
They are coached by Pete Steinberg, assisted by Bernie Hogan and Gordon Macpherson. The team finished last in the competition. They finished with one win from their seven matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18467799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467799" title="Lookin Ass Nigga">
Lookin Ass Nigga

"Lookin Ass Nigga" (alternatively titled "Lookin Ass") is a song written by Trinidadian-American recording artist Nicki Minaj and American music producer Detail. It was originally recorded by Minaj for the Young Money Entertainment compilation album "", and is also set to appear on her third studio album "The Pink Print". The music video for the track was released on February 14, 2014. The track is a hip hop song, and was produced by Detail; its lyrics criticize stereotypical behaviors commonly associated with men. "Lookin Ass Nigga" received mixed reviews from music critics, who complimented its overall production and lyrical content. Its cover also generated controversy for placing an image of the late activist Malcolm X, next to the derogatory term "nigga". 
Background.
In May 2013, Minaj announced that her then-untitled third studio album would "focus on rap", whereas her previous record "" (2012) explored more prominent elements of pop music. She further stated that she would begin writing material for the project later that year, after production was completed for her first feature film "The Other Woman" (2014). Minaj discussed in a interview how the song "Lookin' Ass Nigga" was conceived: 
The album was mentioned in Minaj's freestyle of "Boss Ass Bitch" by PTAF (Pretty Taking All Fades), and was officially announced to be titled "The Pink Print" with the premiere of "Lookin Ass Nigga" on February 12. The track will additionally be featured on "", a compilation album by Minaj's label Young Money Entertainment.
Composition.
"Lookin Ass Nigga" is a hip hop song; it commences with "a persistent piano thump and auto-tuned wail", after which Minaj begins rapping about her criticisms of the male gender, which are referred to as "lookin ass niggas". Her verses highlight particular distastes of men fixating over her buttocks, embellishing their financial stability, and overemphasize their connections with drug-dealing. Latifah Muhammad from HipHopWired suggested that Minaj "feverishly protects her rap crown spitting a furious flow of angry bars" in response to earlier criticisms she had received for experimenting with pop music. She additionally noted that Minaj followed a "similar rhyme pattern throughout" and " multisyllabic bars ending each bar with the controversial N-word."
Critical reception.
"Lookin Ass Nigga" has received generally favorable reviews from music critics. Rob Markman from MTV News joked that "someone forgot to tell Nicki Minaj" that rap music is traditionally led by men, and complimented that "this 2014 version of Nicki is far more menacing than anything we've seen" with her earlier projects. A writer for That Grape Juice shared a similar sentiment, adding that they "love the audacity, love the stealth, love the track itself" and particularly enjoyed that it was unveiled on the same day that "a certain foe [Mariah Carey]" released her track "You're Mine (Eternal) and its accompanying music video. However, Latifah Muhammad from HipHopWired provided a more mixed commentary; she noted that "rap fans are fickle these days and constantly bombarded with new content", and questioned if the song will make a substantial impact on listeners.
Controversy.
The single cover for "Lookin Ass Nigga" features a picture of the late activist Malcolm X holding an M1 carbine in his Queens, New York residence in 1964. The placement of the derogatory term "nigga" beside his image generated controversy; Alvin Aqua Blanco of Blanco from HipHopWired suggested that "to equate a man that literally died for his cause — the advancement of human rights for people of color — is just wrong on multiple levels." Latifah Muhammad from the same website made an additional note of its release during Black History Month. Minaj apologized through her Instagram account, commenting that the image was not intended as the official cover:
"What seems to be the issue now? Do you have a problem with me referring to the people Malcolm X was ready to pull his gun out on as Lookin Ass Niggaz? Well, I apologize. That was never the official artwork nor is this an official single. This is a conversation. Not a single. I am in the video shooting at Lookin Ass Niggaz and there happened to be an iconic photo of Malcolm X ready to do the same thing for what he believed in!!!! It is in no way to undermine his efforts and legacy. I apologize to the Malcolm X estate if the meaning of the photo was misconstrued. The word "nigga" causes so much debate in our community while the "nigga" behavior gets praised and worship. Let's not. Apologies again to his family. I have nothing but respect an adoration for u. The photo was removed hours ago. Thank you."
Music video.
In February 2014, Minaj uploaded pictures of herself through Instagram during production of an unannounced project; she was dressed in "a black see-through leotard and star-shaped nipple covers". She later implied that she had been filming a music video, commenting "Behind the scenes. Shot by @grizzleemusic " on another picture uploaded on the service.
The final product was directed by Nabil Elderkin, and was released through WorldStarHipHop on February 12, 2014. The monochrome video takes places in a vacant section of land near a mountain range. Minaj is seen suggestively posing throughout the clip and holding an assault rifle on several occasions. Close-up footage of a man staring at her is interspersed throughout the clip; Minaj shoots at him at the end of the video.

</doc>
<doc id="18467802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467802" title="Deacon John Buffington House">
Deacon John Buffington House

Deacon John Buffington House is a historic house at 262 Cedar Avenue in Swansea, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1790 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18467813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467813" title="Temps d'aventura">
Temps d'aventura

Temps d'aventura ("Time for adventure") is a programme in Catalan made by Televisió de Catalunya - the Catalan public television corporation - dedicated to open-air sports or adventure sports or outdoor activities. It was first broadcast during the 2002 season following on from other programmes that had dealt with the same subject -L'aventura (1993–2000) - and winter sports - Temps de neu (1985 - ).
It is a weekly programme and is broadcast on Thursday evenings by Canal 33 from May to November and can also be watched on the international channel TVCi. Most programmes are repeated over the weekend.
Since the 2003 season it has been broadcast in stereo.
From the 2008 season onwards it has been broadcast in format and with subtitles in Catalan for the deaf. The DTTV broadcast also includes English subtitles. This makes it the first programme produced in-house by Televisió de Catalunya that can be watched in English.
TV3 is Televisió de Catalunya's first and main channel. All the people of Catalonia and Catalan Countries is potential viewer.
Contents.
The programme normally consists of a report, with a duration of between 10 and 20 minutes on average, and several sections that have changed over the seasons.
The reports are about activities that take place in the mountains, in the air or on water and are designed to highlight the activities of people who do the sport. 
Most of the reports can be categorised into one of these four general groups: 
The programme includes or has included the following sections:
Internet.
The programme has always been closely linked to the Internet and this has increased over the seasons.
It started in 2002 when the programme opened its own web page. 
In 2003 "video streaming" began and has continued apart from short interruptions until now. It was only the second TV3 programme to incorporate this.
In 2006 the "podcasting" of reports began, making it the first TV3 programme and one of the first in Europe to offer this option.
In 2008 a "streaming" and a "podcast" version subtitled in English was begun. There is also a "streaming" version with subtitles for the deaf. Altogether, the programme can be accessed on the Internet in 6 different ways:
In 2008 the programme also incorporated a map browser using Google Maps which allows users to zoom in on the geographical area where the reports were made and makes it possible to view the complete report broadcast by the programme.
In 2009 simplifies the subtitles system. The programme upload reports to YouTube to be available the automatic translation to many languages. The quality improve and a HD 720 version is available too.
Most viewer participation is carried out via the web page: photo, video, competitions, posts on the forum, answers to questions, etc.
Community.
In addition to the television programme and its presence on the Internet, Temps d'Aventura has been involved in other initiatives which have broadened the programme's scope.
Since 2006, and together with Open Natura, it has produced a limited number of mountain bikes painted in the programme's logo and its colours and can be won by participants in one of the competitions.
In 2007, together with Temps de Neu, it produced a wall calendar with photos of the participants in one of the competitions.
In 2007, together with the publishing house Cossetània Edicions, it published the book ""Racons. 22 excursions on foot and mountain bike sent in by the programme's viewers"" ISBN 978-84-9791-285-3
In 2008 the initiative was repeated with the book "Racons 08." ISBN 978-84-9791-375-1
The programme has also organised several trips and an orienteering course involving viewers from the programme.
It has also produced Buff decorated with the programme's colours and logo.
Prizes.
2003: Zàpping prize 2002 for the best sports programme, awarded by Teleespectadors Associats de Catalunya.
2003: prize for the best state documentary at the VI Ciudad de Santander International Sport Film Festival for the documentary "Blind Summit", broadcast on 7 July 2002. The film shows the experiences of a group of blind climbers while climbing Mt Aneto.
2004: at the 22nd edition of the International Festival of Mountain and Adventure Films of Torelló the plaque of the Federación Española de Deportes de Montaña y Escalada for the "best film by a Spanish producer " was awarded to Jaume Altadill for "Important things walk slowly" a biography about two of the pioneers of Catalan mountaineering: Josep Manuel Anglada and Jordi Pons.
2006: at the 24th edition of the International Festival of Mountain and Adventure Films of Torelló the plaque of the "Spanish Federation of Mountain Sports and Climbing" for the "best film by a Spanish producer" was awarded to Jimi Pujol for "El Cavall Bernat" a re-creation of the first ascent of this needle at Montserrat, broadcast on 27 October 2005, the 70th anniversary of this feat.
Temps d'Aventura Prize.
Since 2004 the programme has sponsored a prize, which takes its name from the programme, and is awarded at the International Festival of Mountain and Adventure Films of Torelló.
The prize is awarded to the film that is best adapted for television.
Prize-winning films are:

</doc>
<doc id="18467815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467815" title="Vehicle classification in Croatia">
Vehicle classification in Croatia

There are two forms of vehicle classification in Croatia. Vehicles are classified by categories in the driving license and by categories for toll highways.
Toll categories.
There are four toll categories for road vehicles using toll bridges and toll highways in Croatia. These categories are accepted by all highway contractors and issued by "HUKA", the Croatian association of toll highway contractors.

</doc>
<doc id="18467839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467839" title="Risto Nuuros">
Risto Nuuros

Risto Nuuros (born 1950) is a Finnish orienteering competitor, individual silver medalist at the 1978 World Orienteering Championships in Kongsberg.
He received silver medals in the "relay event" in 1974 and 1979, and a bronze medal in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18467850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467850" title="Truesdale Hospital">
Truesdale Hospital

Truesdale Hospital is a historic former hospital located at 1820 Highland Avenue in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1920 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It has since been converted into apartments, known as "The Highlands".
History.
The hospital was founded by Dr. Philemon E. Truesdale in 1905. It was originally located in the former First Baptist Church parsonage, on the corner of Winter and Pine Streets in Fall River. 
The new Truesdale Hospital was built in 1912. A south wing was added in 1923, increasing bed capacity to one hundred. A new surgical wing was added in 1927, with a gift from Earle P. Charlton. In 1980, Truesdale Hospital merged with Union Hospital and was renamed Charlton Memorial Hospital.
The hospital also established a nursing school in 1912, which graduated its first class in 1915. Students were required to live in a residence on the hospital grounds. The nursing school closed in 1972.
The Truesdale Hospital Clinic was previously located on Rock Street in Fall River. This building is still standing, and is now part of the Lower Highlands Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18467852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467852" title="Dorothy A. Cadman">
Dorothy A. Cadman

Dorothy A. Cadman (fl. 1908 - 1927) was an English painter, who predominantly worked in oil and watercolour.
Life and work.
It is likely that Dorothy was born in 1885 in Yorkshire, England. She studied painting and drawing at the prestigious Slade School of Art between 1907–1909, taking lessons from Henry Tonks. Her classmates and contemporaries at the Slade School during this period included Mark Gertler and Maxwell Gordon Lightfoot. Between 1914-1916 Dorothy exhibited six paintings at the London Salon of the Allied Artists' Association which were shown in the dramatic setting of the Royal Albert Hall. A small retrospective exhibition of her work was held at the Fairhurst Gallery, London, in October 1987. Her work is much sought after and has been sold at major art auction houses including Christie's and Sotheby's in London.
The date and place of her death is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18467856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467856" title="Shankar's Virus">
Shankar's Virus

Shankar's Virus (also known as W97M.Marker.o) is a polymorphic computer virus that infects Microsoft Word documents and templates. It was discovered on June 3, 1999.
Effects.
The virus hooks the Word event handler to close documents in order to run its code. 
This virus infects documents and templates when a document is opened. It makes the following modifications to the infected documents: 
Also, when opening or closing a Word document, a dialogue box pops up displaying the string text "Did you wish Shankar on his birthday?"
Shankar's virus is also able to effect a computer's time, being able to speed up or reverse time to restore itself (in a way similar to the system restore function) or create a copy of itself to remain inactive until a future time if it should be removed via an antivirus program. It is noted though that these actions visibly weaken its functions as Microsoft Word may stop malfunctioning after the virus manipulates the computer's time.

</doc>
<doc id="18467862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467862" title="Tucker Farm Historic District">
Tucker Farm Historic District

Tucker Farm Historic District is a historic district at 1178 Tucker Road in Dartmouth, Massachusetts.
The farm was founded in 1720 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18467882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467882" title="Towne Street Historic District">
Towne Street Historic District

Towne Street Historic District is a historic district on Towne Street, east of Jackson Street in North Attleborough, Massachusetts. Included in the district are numbers 224, 240, 251, and 260 Towne Street.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18467887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467887" title="Vadym Tyshchenko">
Vadym Tyshchenko

Vadym Tyshchenko or Vadim Nikolayevich Tishchenko () (born 24 March 1963 in Horodok, Lviv Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a retired Soviet and Ukrainian football player and current football coach.
International career.
Tyshchenko made his debut for USSR on 29 August 1987 in a friendly against Yugoslavia. He played in UEFA Euro 1988 qualifiers, but was not selected for the squad for that tournament or for the 1990 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18467889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467889" title="Chicago Inter Ocean">
Chicago Inter Ocean

The Chicago Inter Ocean, also known as the Chicago Inter-Ocean, is the name used for most of its history for a newspaper published in Chicago, Illinois, from 1865 until 1914. Its editors included Charles A. Dana and Byron Andrews.
History.
Founding.
The history of the "Inter Ocean" can be traced back to 1865 with the founding of the "Chicago Republican", a partisan newspaper that supported the Republican party. Jacob Bunn, a prominent Illinois financier and industrialist, was the principal founder, and at one time the sole owner, of the Chicago Republican Company, and cooperated with several other Illinois financiers to establish the newspaper company in 1865. After enjoying both economic success and the chaotic blow of the 1871 Chicago Fire, the "Republican" was relaunched in 1872 as the Chicago-based "Inter Ocean", a newspaper intended to appeal to an upscale readership. 
Growth.
With the building of transcontinental railroads, it was possible to deliver periodical newspapers by mail throughout the central and western U.S. The "Inter Ocean" developed a family of semi-weekly, weekly and Sunday editions that were intended to become a definitive source of news for businesspeople throughout the American West, and in fact fulfilled that role for several decades.
The growth of linotype newspapers printed on inexpensive newsprint in the 1890s led to another upheaval in the newspaper industry. Many non-Chicago subscribers to the "Inter Ocean" no longer needed the weekly paper and dropped their subscriptions.
The weakened paper fell in 1895 into the hands of Charles Yerkes, the notorious Chicago streetcar boss, who returned the newspaper to the partisan, subordinate role it had fulfilled in its youth. George Wheeler Hinman bought a controlling interest in the paper in 1906 and sold it to H. H. Kohlsaat in 1912.
Demise.
The paper stopped publication in 1914. Hinman bought back the paper at a receiver's sale in May 1914 (which came about because Kolhsaat had failed to pay the balance owed on a note used to purchase the paper) and immediately sold it to James Keeley, then general manager of the "Chicago Tribune", who also bought the "Chicago Record Herald" at the same time. Readers decided that Keeley's new consolidated newspaper should be named "The Chicago Herald", which name it held until it was bought by William Randolph Hearst's "Chicago Examiner" in 1918. This further consolidation created the "Chicago Herald-Examiner".
Locations.
The "Inter Ocean" was published in three locations during its career. From 1873 to 1880, it stood at 119 Lake Street (under the old Chicago street numbering), and from 1880 to 1890 it stood at 85 West Madison. The Inter-Ocean Building sat on the northwest corner of Madison and Dearborn in Chicago’s Loop. In 1889 Adler & Sullivan designed the steel-framed building to be constructed on a very small corner lot and united it with the legs of the 5-storey L-shaped, stone-front Dearborn Building (1872-73) that sat behind. The then-famous clock-spire — with its steep hip roof (almost a steeple) and its strings of colored lights — singled out this building from its fellows in the block. The clock-tower was removed sometime before the building’s demolition. The Inter-Ocean Building was converted into the Hotel Grant (alt. Grant Hotel) sometime around 1895, when the Inter-Ocean newspaper fell on hard times. It was considered a second-class Chicago hotel. The building was razed in either 1940 or 1941. Its replacement sat there until 1981 when a new skyscraper was built on the site — Three First National Plaza.

</doc>
<doc id="18467895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467895" title="Static Television">
Static Television

Static Television is a New Orleans based Public-access television cable TV show that focuses on underground musical acts from all over the world with a focus on Louisiana artists; originally airing on Cox Communications channel 10 in New Orleans on October 16, 2006 with an interview from the Spinto Band. Static Television was originally created by Adam Bandera and Wesley Swinnen. They brought Pami P on as host. Adam Bandera left early in 2007 to pursue other projects.
They started their second season on June 26, 2007 with an interview with Fishbone. On May 27, 2008, at the conclusion of the second season Pami P stepped down as host.
Static Television has featured interviews from the likes of Of Montreal, Architecture in Helsinki, Dr. Dog, Jamie Lidell, and the Black Lips as well as such local Louisiana bands as Rotary Downs, the Morning 40 Federation, Ballzack, Brass Bed and the Peekers. As well as special appearances from such local personalities as Supa Saint and Lil Doogie; and featuring segments from DNO Video.
As well as bringing original programing to New Orleans, Static has also sponsored numerous shows in addition to other cultural events throughout the city since its inception.
Static Television still airs on Cox 10 in New Orleans on Tuesdays at 10PM and on Thursdays at 6:30PM and as well as on their website.

</doc>
<doc id="18467907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467907" title="Coram Shipyard Historic District">
Coram Shipyard Historic District

Coram Shipyard Historic District is a historic shipyard at 2120, 2125, and 2130 Water Street in Dighton, Massachusetts.
The shipyard was founded in 1698. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18467908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467908" title="Cathy Maguire">
Cathy Maguire

Cathy Maguire is an accomplished singer, songwriter, model and TV presenter who was born in Dundalk, County Louth, Republic of Ireland on 11 October 1981. At a very young age she became a child star. She recorded her first album at age twelve and after several listeners' requests, she was invited by Gerry Ryan to perform a live set on his radio program. This sparked a career that spanned numerous TV appearances and 3 albums by the time she was 17.
Education.
After her college education Maguire moved to the United States and went to work in Nashville as a songwriter. She released an album entitled "Portrait" on 17 April 2009, which was reviewed favorably by critics with Hot Press magazine awarding the album four stars out of five. The album was released by Celtic Collections, the label behind the phenomenally successful "Celtic Woman". Three of the album's songs were co-written with Roger Cook (songwriter), of well-known song writing duo Cook and Greenaway. Maguire toured extensively with The High Kings, who are also on the Celtic Collection label. She opened for Martina McBride on her Irish 2009 tour.
Maguire holds a BA Hons Degree in Ethnomusicology and is studying for a masters degree. In 2006, Maguire signed to Dublin modeling agency, Morgan, exiting in 2010.
Cyber-bullying controversy.
In 2006, Maguire became the victim of trolling by an anonymous blogger. The attacks attracted national media attention and sparked a national discussion on cyber-bullying spearheaded by The Times in London. Maguire took unprecedented legal action in previously uncharted legal waters and eventually the blog was shut down.
Television and film projects.
In 2010, Maguire moved to New York City where she is now based. In 2013 she hosted a music TV presentation called "Ireland in Song" which aired on PBS. She has also been commissioned by a well-known film house in New York to co-write a screenplay about traditional Irish music.
New albums.
In December 2012, Maguire signed a deal with long-time mentor and friend, Hall of Fame inductee Cowboy Jack Clement. She is currently recording an album that is being produced by Clement in his Nashville, TN studios. The album was completed in May 2013 and was the last album Clement was to produce. It will be released in early 2014.
On 19 August 2013 Maguire also launched an Irish album entitled 'Ireland in Song' in New York City. The album is a companion piece to her PBS TV program of the same name and explores the top ten most famous Irish ballads including unique interpretations of Danny Boy, Molly Malone and Carrickfergus (song). Ireland In Song is nominated for Best New Irish Album award by The Irish Music Awards which will take place in February, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18467936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467936" title="Bias frame">
Bias frame

In digital photography, a bias frame is an image obtained from an opto-electronic image sensor, with no actual exposure time. The image so obtained only contains noise due to the electronics that elaborate the sensor data, and not noise from charge accumulation (e.g. from dark current) within the sensor itself.
A bias frame is complementary to a dark frame, which has a charge integration time but in darkness.
Since a dark frame contains noise including a fixed-pattern noise component, some of which corresponds to the bias frame, and some of which is due to dark current and is proportional to the exposure time, it is possible to obtain an image representing only the dark-current component by subtracting a bias frame from a dark frame. The resulting image allows obtaining an "artificial" dark frame when multiplied by a factor depending on exposure time and then added back to the bias frame. Although this technique is less accurate than shooting a dark frame for each specific exposure duration, it has the advantage of drastically reducing the time needed to obtain dark-frame data for dark frame subtraction.

</doc>
<doc id="18467940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467940" title="West Parish Elementary School Science Park">
West Parish Elementary School Science Park

The West Parish Elementary School Science Park is an interactive community science park, one of the first in the US, that is located on the site of the West Parish Elementary School in Gloucester, Massachusetts, USA. It is used as an integral part of the school curriculum.
Planning and construction.
The Fund-raising for this 125,000.00 USD Project was funded primarily by grants from the national science foundation and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). Additionally the PTO rounded up many direct donations that made this park possible.
Construction of this park took place over a half year period. The construction of the park was completed primarily by members of the school PTO with some help coming in from various groups. Scientists, including professors at the MIT, were on hand to aid in the design of the project.
The project.
The park was first used on the last day of school in 2005. The park contains:

</doc>
<doc id="18467953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467953" title="St Mary's College, Middlesbrough">
St Mary's College, Middlesbrough

St Mary's College was a voluntary aided Catholic college situated in Saltersgill, Middlesbrough, England. In 2011, St Mary's College, along with two other Catholic schools, closed. Its buildings, staff and educational provision were merged with the other schools to form Trinity Catholic College, Middlesbrough.
History.
Grammar school.
Under Middlesbrough Education Committee, it was the St Mary's College RC Grammar School, a voluntary aided grammar school, with around 750 boys. Before around 1962 it was on The Avenue. The site on Saltersgill Avenue was between Acklam Hall Grammar School to the west and Middlesbrough High School, in Marton, to the east. Also in Middlesbrough was its sister school, St Mary's Convent R.C. Grammar School FCJ with around 600 girls on Newlands Road in Linthorpe, formerly known as Newlands Grammar School previous to when it moved to Saltersgill Avenue at the same time that St Mary's College moved there. In 1974 it became Newlands School FCJ, latterly the Newlands Catholic School FCJ, a mixed comprehensive, and closed in 2009, and became Trinity Catholic College, when it merged with St David's Roman Catholic Technology College. 
Sixth form college.
In 1968, Middlesbrough Education Committee changed its admissions policy and it became a sixth form college in 1974, also known then as a senior high school.
Academic performance.
St Mary's described itself as a "Catholic College for the whole community", and was the only sixth form college of its type in the Northern region. The college offered A levels across the Sciences, Mathematics, Humanities, Arts and Modern Languages subject areas, as well as GCSEs in a number of subjects.
In 2010 Ofsted carried out an inspection at St Mary's and found the college to be inadequate. This, along with falling student numbers due to competition from the upgraded Middlesbrough College, meant the decision was made for the school to close in the summer of 2011.
Closure and merger.
The college was officially dissolved on 31 July 2011. The post-16 education provision provided by St Mary's College was taken over by Trinity Catholic College, which expanded to offer sixth form provision, housed in St Mary's old site at Saltersgill Avenue. Students enrolled at St Mary's were able to continue their education at Trinity.

</doc>
<doc id="18467968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467968" title="UCDC">
UCDC

UCDC can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18467987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18467987" title="Harry Edgerton">
Harry Edgerton

Harry Edgerton is a former detective of the Baltimore Police Department. He is notable for his work in the Homicide Unit and on the investigation of drug dealer 
Melvin Williams with former BPD Detective Ed Burns and the Drug Enforcement Administration. He is notable for working under Sergeant Roger Nolan and Lieutenant Gary D'Addario whose Homicide unit was featured in David Simon's ' book. The son of a New York jazz pianist, Edgerton would provide the inspiration for ' character Frank Pembleton 
played by Emmy Award winner Andre Braugher.

</doc>
<doc id="18468017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468017" title="Waitoriki">
Waitoriki

Waitoriki is a locality in Taranaki, New Zealand. Inglewood is about 4.5 km to the southwest. 
Education.
Waitoriki School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a decile rating of 4 and a roll of 21. The school began as the Wortley Road School in 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="18468061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468061" title="The Radio Chick">
The Radio Chick

The Radio Chick is the on-air name for Leslie Gold, an American radio personality whose talk show features comedian Chuck Nice and her producer, Paul "Butch" Brennan. Leslie is a recurring guest host on the Fox News Radio Network heard nationally. She is the Executive Producer of "The Gong Show Live - Off Broadway", a theatrical recreation of the classic TV show. She is a graduate of Syracuse University and The Harvard Business School.
Broadcasting history.
In 1999, Gold was one of the first hosts on NYC station WNEW's hot talk format change. Gold and Brennan staged a well publicized attack on Kathie Lee Gifford while Gifford was substitute hosting for David Letterman. The attack was aired on TV. "The Radiochick" show became a hit shortly thereafter, but despite the strong ratings Gold and her team were fired toward the end of 2000. A write-in campaign by thousands of listeners to the CBS corporate headquarters got the show reinstated on the air, but Gold later lost her position when WNEW changed its format from talk to Hot AC. She quickly rebounded and began hosting the morning show on WAXQ, a classic rock station. At that time, Gold was the only woman headlining a morning radio show in NYC. Again, however, this did not last and Gold moved "The Radio Chick" to satellite radio. Her show was heard on Sirius Satellite radio in 2004 and 2005 on the "Sirius Stars" channel. In 2006 Gold returned to New York radio and became the afternoon drive time host for WFNY's Free FM talk format.
On May 24, 2007, Gold announced that due to WFNY's return to the K-Rock format and WXRK call letters, she was no longer going to air her show on the station. She has announced that she is currently associated with the 2008 version of "The Gong Show" on Comedy Central. In addition she has been slated to host the television pilot "TMI" which stands for "Too Much Information."
On March 20, 2009, The Radio Chick announced on her website that she would be doing her show via podcasts or ChickCasts as she calls them. Chickcasting began on Wednesday, March 25, 2009. More information can be found on her official website, and the podcasts are available on iTunes. 
Leslie has also been hired as a public speaker, speaking to executives, women's groups and college students on a variety of topics. Recent engagements have included Morgan Stanley, Eisner LLP, Panasonic, The Women's Financial Group.
Gold broadcast at Shovio's Talk Back TV, a revolutionary technology in broadcasting. Gold guest hosts on Fox News Radio and appears as a commentator from time to time on the Fox News Channel. Gold lives in New York with rock drummer Carmine Appice.
The Radiochick Corporation has been awarded the rights to stage The Gong Show Live in venues throughout the U.S., the first being August 12, 2010 at B.B. King's Blues Club in NYC. Leslie Gold has long been an admirer of the insanity and spirit of the show that changed television forever. The genius of Chuck Barris was to put real people on stage and screen, and allow them to humiliate themselves, which laid the foundation for virtually every reality show competition that followed.. The Gong Show Live is in residence at The Cutting Room in NYC.

</doc>
<doc id="18468066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468066" title="Dicksonia youngiae">
Dicksonia youngiae

Dicksonia youngiae, common name Bristly Tree Fern, is a fern that comes from cool, sheltered rainforests in New South Wales and Queensland, Australia. It is found north of the Bellinger River, in New South Wales, and can be seen in the wild at Nightcap National Park.
Similar to "D. squarrosa", it sends up multiple trunks and can grow 4 m high. The species is relatively fast growing and capable of adding 10 cm of growth to its trunk in a single growing season. Trunks often become unstable when they reach around 3 m in height and topple over. If the trunk is in contact with the ground a new plantlet will often grow from the fallen trunk. "Dicksonia youngiae" is not fully hardy and will not tolerate more than a few degrees of frost.
Bristly Tree Fern fronds are a glossy, deep green color. Coarse, reddish hairs densely cover the stipes and fiddleheads. It is intolerant of heat and needs shelter from wind.

</doc>
<doc id="18468076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468076" title="Cocker's Decimal Arithmetick">
Cocker's Decimal Arithmetick

"Cocker's Decimal Arithmetick" is a grammar school mathematics textbook written by Edward Cocker (1631–1676) and published posthumously by John Hawkins in 1684. "Decimal Arithmetick" along with companion volume, "Cocker's Arithmetick" published in 1677, were used in schools in the United Kingdom for more than 150 years.
The concept of decimal fractions and the advantages of using them in calculations were well known, but a wide variety of different notations were in use. After surveying various notations, "Decimal Arithmetick" recommends the decimal point notation introduced by John Napier:
"Decimal Arithmetick" gives instructions for calculations involving decimals, methods of extracting roots, and an overview of the concept of logarithms. There are many worked examples, some of which involve solid geometry or the calculation of interest.

</doc>
<doc id="18468096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468096" title="K-Dow Petrochemicals">
K-Dow Petrochemicals

'"
K-Dow Petrochemicals was to be a $17.4 billion joint venture between The Dow Chemical Company and Petrochemical Industries Company (PIC) of the State of Kuwait, a wholly owned subsidiary of Kuwait Petroleum Corporation (KPC). A joint venture between the two companies was signed in July 2008. However, hostility to the deal from members of the Kuwaiti parliament led to the deal coming under attack, leading to its collapse in December 2008. Dow subsequently sued PIC, and was awarded over $2 bn damages by an international court in 2012.
History.
Formation.
K-Dow Petrochemicals was to be a multinational corporation specializing in the manufacturing of plastics. It was an $11 billion joint venture between The Dow Chemical Company and Petrochemical Industries Company (PIC) of the State of Kuwait, a wholly owned subsidiary of Kuwait Petroleum Corporation (KPC). On July 15, 2008 the two companies announced the location of their headquarters was to be in Southeast Michigan. In the third quarter 2008 earnings conference call Dow Chemical officials stated the K-Dow Joint Venture is on track to close by the end of the year. On December 1, 2008 the two companies announced that they had signed a memorandum of understanding outlining agreed upon details about the Joint Venture. The transactions was expected to close on January 1, 2009. Operations were expected to begin on that same date.
Breakup.
Citing the global recession that begin in the later half of 2008, the Kuwaiti government scuttled the partnership prior to its launch on December 28, 2008.
Dow currently has arbitration pending against KPC. The original MOU had a damages clause that allowed for damaged up to $2.5 Billion. Dow Chemical has stated the damages they are seeking may be in excess of that amount.
Subsidiaries.
As a part of the Joint-Venture formation two of Dow Chemical's current joint-ventures Kuwait Petroleum Corporation were to be transferred to K-Dow.

</doc>
<doc id="18468102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468102" title="Dead leaf mantis">
Dead leaf mantis

Dead Leaf Mantis is a common name given to various species of praying mantis that mimic dead leaves. It is most often used in reference to species within genus "Deroplatys" because of their popularity as exotic pets. Examples include "D. desiccata" (Giant Dead Leaf Mantis), "D. lobata" (Malaysian Dead Leaf Mantis), and "D. philippinica" (Philippines Dead Leaf Mantis). Other species to which the term may apply include "Acanthops falcataria" (South American Dead Leaf Mantis), "A. falcata" (South American Dead Leaf Mantis), and "Phyllocrania paradoxa" (more common known as the Ghost Mantis).

</doc>
<doc id="18468112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468112" title="Southern Oregon Timberjacks">
Southern Oregon Timberjacks

The Southern Oregon Timberjacks were a minor league baseball team based in Medford, Oregon. The team played in the short-season single-A Northwest League from 1979 to 1999 and were an affiliate of the Oakland Athletics. They played their home games at Miles Field in south Medford.
Team history.
The Timberjacks came into the Northwest League to fill the void left by the departed Medford Giants (1967–1968) and Rogue Valley/Medford Dodgers (1969–1971). They were originally known as the Medford Athletics (or Medford A's) (1979–1987), then changed their name to the Southern Oregon Athletics (or Southern Oregon A's) (1988–1995), and then eventually to the Southern Oregon Timberjacks (1996–1999). They were 6-time Southern Division Champions (1981–1984, 1988–1989) and won the Northwest League Championship twice (1981 and 1983).
In 1982, former minor league pitcher Fred Herrmann was named the team's general manager and then became the team's majority owner in 1985. 
As a minor league baseball franchise, the Timberjacks had featured future major league players such as Greg Cadaret, José Canseco, Rod Beck, Scott Brosius, Jason Giambi, Tim Hudson, Jason Windsor, Sean Triplett, Miguel Tejada and Eric Byrnes.
Relocation controversy and stadium demise.
In 1997 and 1998, Fred Herrmann had announced that the team would relocate to Vancouver, Washington. However, the plans fell through on both occasions and the team remained in Medford.
Finally on October 26, 1999, Herrmann announced that the franchise would relocate to Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and in 2000, they completed their move and were renamed the "new" Vancouver Canadians. The "original" Canadians franchise from the triple-A Pacific Coast League was renamed the Sacramento River Cats following their move at the same time. Both teams continued to be affiliated with the Oakland A's until 2011, when the Canadians decided to re-affiliate with the Toronto Blue Jays. The current Canadians do not show any history or records of the Timberjacks at their official website, though their relocation is mentioned one time on the media guide page.
Herrmann did attempt to bring a Western Baseball League team to Medford to replace the Timberjacks (Despite long standing rules that prohibited affiliated owners having a financial interest in independent baseball teams). However, those plans fell through when the potential owners, including Herrmann, failed to come up with the money necessary to establish a team. After four years without a professional team and despite efforts to rebuild and restore historic Miles Field, the city of Medford ordered the deteriorating stadium be torn down in 2004 to make way for a new Wal-Mart SuperCenter.
In 2004, the city council of Medford orchestrated an agreement with the new Harry & David Field that a professional team will "not" be allowed to play at the new ballpark which currently hosts the collegiate wood bat Medford Rogues, the American Legion baseball Medford Mustangs and youth baseball. Despite previous efforts to bring pro baseball back to Medford, the decision stands to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="18468118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468118" title="Mykola Fedorenko">
Mykola Fedorenko

Mykola (or Nikolai) Ivanovych Fedorenko () (born 31 July 1955 in Ordzhonikidze, Ukraine) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Ukrainian football coach.
International career.
Fedorenko made his debut for USSR on 26 March 1980 in a friendly against Bulgaria. He scored a goal in his second (and last) game for USSR - a friendly against Sweden on 29 April 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18468119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468119" title="Patranomodon">
Patranomodon

Patranomodon is an extinct genus of primitive anomodont. "Patronomodon" is primitive in that it retains a complete set of teeth in both jaws, in contrast to their descendants, the dicynodonts, in which the dentition is reduced to only a single pair of tusks (an in many cases no teeth at all), with their jaws covered by a horny beak similar to that of the modern tortoise although they are in no way closely related to each other. It was the size of a mongoose. Its discovery from the earliest terrestrial rocks of Gondwana (from Prince Albert in the southern Cape Province of South Africa) has shown that this group of herbivores originated in Gondwana rather than Laurasia, as had previously been supposed, and spread to other Pangaean continents.

</doc>
<doc id="18468130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468130" title="Herman Levij">
Herman Levij

Either Herman Albertus "Herman" Levij (15 April 1904, Rotterdam – 12 December 1983) or Heinz Levy (29 April 1904, Hannover - 31 March 1944 Auschwitz) was a Dutch boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
In 1924 he was eliminated in the second round of the featherweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Joseph Salas.

</doc>
<doc id="18468131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468131" title="Oscar Requer">
Oscar Requer

Oscar "Rick" Requer is a former detective of the Baltimore Police Department. Requer joined the department in 1964 as a Western District patrolman who would eventually move into the department’s Homicide Unit.
He was featured working under Sergeant Jay Landsman and Lieutenant Gary D'Addario whose Homicide unit was featured in David Simon's "" book.
An African American, Requer’s investigative skills earned him a position in the BPD’s Criminal Investigation Division during a time period in which African American officers were still subject to racial harassment in the district roll call rooms.
Requer would later man the retirement services bureau before retiring in 2007
and would provide inspiration for fictional Detective Bunk Moreland of the HBO Drama "The Wire".
A character named "Oscar Requer" appeared in the "Transitions" episode on the fifth season of "The Wire". The fictional Oscar Requer was a patrolman working a night shift and a former partner of detective Lester Freamon, and was played by Roscoe Orman.

</doc>
<doc id="18468185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468185" title="Brichmulla">
Brichmulla

Brichmulla (also spelled Brich Mulla and Brich-Mulla, Russian: Брич-Мулла́) is a village in the northeast of Tashkent Province, Uzbekistan, by the Koksu River near its inflow into the Charval Reservoir by the southwestern extremity of the Koksu Ridge, west Tian Shan. It is about 120 km NEE from Tashkent.
By 2005, Brichmulla had population of 4,100 in 760 families.
A Neanderthal archaeological site exists near Brichmulla. In mediaeval times, Brichmulla was an important town, a fortress and mining location. Polymetallic and other deposits are known in the area, including arsenic, bismuth, lead and silver. In 18-19th centuries gold was extracted by washing through wool carpets 
Brichmulla is also known in Russian culture due to the song "Brich-Mulla" by Tatyana and Sergey Nikitin.

</doc>
<doc id="18468198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468198" title="GR 21">
GR 21

The GR21 is a long-distance hiking trail in Normandy, France. It is part of the GR network of trails. It begins at the port city of Le Havre, a Unesco World Heritage Site (for its post-World War II modernist architecture), climbs through parkland to Montivilliers, then follows the chalk cliffs of the Pays de Caux for most of the route. Étretat is known for its chalk formations, painted by Claude Monet and other artists. It passes through various seaside resorts and fishing villages, including the port of Dieppe and finishes at the resort of Le Tréport, close to the historic town of Eu. The whole route is within the Seine-Maritime département.

</doc>
<doc id="18468207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468207" title="Shonan Beach FM">
Shonan Beach FM

Shonan Beach FM is a radio station from Japan. It mainly broadcasts Jazz music but also incorporates Hawaiian Music, R&B and Classical music.
Shonan Beach FM broadcasts on 78.9 FM and it was established on December 3, 1994. Ten years after it started, it had gathered the potential of reaching around 200,000 listeners in Japan alone and many more via the internet. 
Although the radio station is mostly in Japanese, the website offers a little information in the English language, though this is quite minimal. 

</doc>
<doc id="18468216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468216" title="Shearing (manufacturing)">
Shearing (manufacturing)

Shearing, also known as die cutting, is a process which cuts stock without the formation of chips or the use of burning or melting. Strictly speaking, if the cutting blades are straight the process is called shearing; if the cutting blades are curved then they are shearing-type operations. The most commonly sheared materials are in the form of sheet metal or plates, however rods can also be sheared. Shearing-type operations include: blanking, piercing, roll slitting, and trimming. It is used in metalworking and also with paper and plastics.
Principle.
A punch (or moving blade) is used to push the workpiece against the die (or fixed blade), which is fixed. Usually the clearance between the two is 5 to 40% of the thickness of the material, but dependent on the material. Clearance is defined as the separation between the blades, measured at the point where the cutting action takes place and perpendicular to the direction of blade movement. It affects the finish of the cut (burr) and the machine's power consumption. This causes the material to experience highly localized shear stresses between the punch and die. The material will then fail when the punch has moved 15 to 60% the thickness of the material, because the shear stresses are greater than the shear strength of the material and the remainder of the material is torn. Two distinct sections can be seen on a sheared workpiece, the first part being plastic deformation and the second being fractured. Because of normal inhomogeneities in materials and inconsistencies in clearance between the punch and die, the shearing action does not occur in a uniform manner. The fracture will begin at the weakest point and progress to the next weakest point until the entire workpiece has been sheared; this is what causes the rough edge. The rough edge can be reduced if the workpiece is clamped from the top with a die cushion. Above a certain pressure the fracture zone can be completely eliminated. However, the sheared edge of the workpiece will usually experience workhardening and cracking. If the workpiece has too much clearance, then it may experience roll-over or heavy burring.
Straight shearing.
The processes of straight shearing is done on sheet metal, coils, and plates. It uses a guillotine shear.
Tolerances and surface finish.
When shearing a sheet, the typical tolerance is +0.1 or -0.1, but it is feasible to get the tolerance to within +0.005 or -0.005. While shearing a bar and angle, the typical tolerance is +0.06 or -0.06, but it is possible to get the tolerance to +0.03 or -0.03. Surface finishes typically occur within the 250 to 1000 microinches range, but can range from 125 to 2000 microinches. A secondary operation is required if one wants better surfaces than this.

</doc>
<doc id="18468252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468252" title="Ibán Parra">
Ibán Parra

Ibán Parra López (born 26 August 1977 in Lleida, Catalonia) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CF Balaguer as a striker.

</doc>
<doc id="18468260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468260" title="Agajanian">
Agajanian

Agajanian is an Armenian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18468293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468293" title="Princess Debut">
Princess Debut

The illustration and package design was done by Kotori Momoyuki, a manga artist serialized in Kodansha's Nakayoshi.
Plot.
Story.
"Princess Debut" opens with the player character speaking to a friend of hers. The former laments her boredom and wishes to be whisked away by a prince.
After the two finish their dialogue and the player character arrives home, a strange girl and an even stranger creature burst forth from her closet. When asked about her identity, this girl responds that she is the same person as the player character, but from another world, known as the Flower Kingdom. Further, she explains that she is a princess there and that she will soon be required to dance at the prestigious Ball of Saint-Lyon. However, because the Princess lacks both talent and taste for dancing, she wants the player character to go in her stead.
The player character accepts, and from that point forth the player has 30 days to practice dancing and find a prince to be their partner for the ball.
Depending on where you go in the day and what you say to people, many different things can happen up until the ultimate ball at Saint-Lyons. Depending on which partner you have and how much in love you are (the 'love is rated on a percentage meter), there are lots of different endings.
Characters.
In the opening dialogue, the player character's friend Catherine suggests that certain boys at the school they attend may be somewhat like princes. Each of these boys is described as having traits that are shared by a prince in the Flower Kingdom.
Victor (Vince) (キっド kiddo): The class clown. He's always running around playing jokes on people. Catherine points out he's "just so "cute"! Somehow, you just can't hate him." 
Keith (Kiefer): Victor's polar opposite. He is a cool-mannered, perfect student, frequently seen reading upper-level books. He also scores high in his classes.
Carlos (Cesar) (シャルル sharuru: The school's flirt. He is always found hitting on girls. Your character will mention that he just hit on you the previous day. His pick up line was ""Won't you dance the waltz of love with me"?"
Leon (Liam) (ランディ randi: A kind and gentle soul, he is considered to be very considerate by his classmates. He is known for taking care of the classroom flowers even though he does not have to. Your character views him ""like a big brother you can always count on"."
Kyle (Klaus) [Karu (カル karu): The star athlete. He has many fans, is considered to be cool and very popular. The player character thinks he is out of her league. Her friend reminds her that she has never even tried to speak with him and warns her not to jump to conclusions.
Lucas (Luciano) (ハヤト hayato): The player character's childhood friend. She considers him "pretty cute," but he has a bad sense of direction, to the extent of forgetting his way home. However, he refuses to acknowledge this deficiency. Catherine comments that he is endearing.
Kip (タップ tappu): Assists the Princess in coming to your world and then assists you during your stay in the kingdom. 
Tony (コーチ ko-chi): He is your dance partner for the tutorial and is also your dance partner if one of the princes is not your dance partner. Can use magic to turn himself into a gentleman rabbit.

</doc>
<doc id="18468314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468314" title="Agullo">
Agullo

Agullo is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18468317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468317" title="Ludovico Trevisan">
Ludovico Trevisan

Ludovico Trevisan (November 1401 – March 22, 1465) was an Italian catholic prelate, who was the Chamberlain of the Apostolic Camera, Patriarch of Aquileia and Captain General of the Church. He succeeded his rival Giovanni Vitelleschi, a fellow militaristic cardinal, as bishop of Traù and metropolitan bishop of Florence. Trevisan was also known as the Cardinal of Aquileia and the Cardinal Camerlengo.
Early life.
Trevisan was born into a non-military family in Padua, then in the territory of the Republic of Venice, the son of Biagio Trevisano, a doctor in the arts and medicine. Like other war cardinals, such as Niccolò Fortiguerra and Giuliano della Rovere, Trevisan came from a humble background. His mother's maiden name was Mezzarota. His first name is sometimes also rendered Ludovico, Luigi, Luise, and Alvise; his last name as Trevisano or Scarampi-Mezzarota.
Trevisan studied grammar and poetry, followed by the liberal arts, in Venice; he obtained a doctorate in arts and medicine at the University of Padua on July 9, 1425. After a brief stint teaching medicine, Trevisan went to Rome circa 1430 to become the physician of Cardinal Gabrile Condulmer (future Pope Eugene IV). Upon Condulmer's election as pope, Trevisan was made his "cubicularius" and "scriptori" of apostolic letters. He soon also became a canon of the cathedral chapter of Padua and began his ecclesiastical career.
Bishopric.
Trevisan was elected bishop of Traù on October 24, 1435, was consecrated soon after his election, and remained bishop until August 6, 1437, governing it through his vicar, Niccolò, abbot of the monastery of S. Giovanni Battista in Traù. On August 6, 1437, Trevisan was promoted to metropolitan bishop of Florence, which he occupied until December 18, 1439. There is record of Trevisan being in Ferrara with Eugene IV on January 23, 1438, and his subscription is found on the bull of union with the Greeks issued by Eugenius IV on July 4, 1439.
Trevisan became Patriarch of Aquileia on December 18, 1439, and occupied that see until his death. On April 3, 1440, Trevisan was commissioned as papal legate in Romagna "with the army, with the aim of recovering the lands of the Church." As a result, he undertook military operations starting on July 30 aimed at capturing Bologna but had to pause the campaign from November 23 to the following Spring, at which time he received a sizable sum from the Apostolic Camera.
He succeeded Vitelleschi as the pope's special deputy, possibly having engineered Vitelleschi's downfall through his henchman, Antonio Rido, and began pacifying the forces still loyal to Vitelleschi and reducing the regions of Viterbo and Civitavecchia to papal obedience. As the pope's special deputy he was the paymaster of the sizable papal army and controlled its large budget, and commanded it in the field.
On June 4, 1440 he received a special military standard and proceeded to Tuscany with a force of 3000 horsemen and 500 foot soldiers to support Francesco I Sforza and other papal and Florentine "condottieri" against Niccolò Piccinino. Trevisan commanded the right flank of the combined papal-Florentine forces that defeated Piccinino in the Battle of Anghiari on June 29.
An account of his victory is also available in an important contemporary war poem, "Trophaeum Anglaricum" by Florentine humanist Leonardo Dati, which praises Trevisan's caution as much as his impetuosity, comparing him to captains of antiquity such as Alexander the Great and Hannibal.
Cardinalate.
Immediately afterward, on July 1, 1440, Trevisan was elevated cardinal priest, title of S. Lorenzo, by Pope Eugene IV and a medal in his honor was designed by Cristoforo di Geremia to commemorate the victory. Upon his elevation, Bishop Fortunato di Pellicanis of Sarsina began administering his patriarchate. Later that year, he became Camerlengo, an office he held until his death.
When Eugene IV and Filippo Visconti turned against Sforza, Trevisan was the organizer of the campaign to recapture the March of Ancona (to which he was named legate on September 13, 1442) for the papacy. Under Pope Callixtus III, Trevisan played an important role in organizing the naval campaign against the Ottomans in December 1455, both responsible for the construction of the papal navy and appointed "apostolic legate, governor general, captain and general "condottiere"" in charge of it. Trevisan defeated the Turkish assault on Mytilene in August 1457, during which many Turkish vessels were captured, receiving praise from the pope. Trevisan attended the papal congress of war in Mantua in 1459 where chronicler Andrea Schivenoglia described him on arrival as "aged sixty, a small, swarthy, hairy man, with a very proud, dark air about him" (""homo pizolo, negro, peloxo, com aìero molte superbo e schuro"").
Trevisan was the only cardinal in the papal conclave, 1464 that did not subscribe to the conclave capitulation, which among other things, bound the pope to continue the Crusading war against the Ottoman Turks.
Death and legacy.
Trevisan died during the first year of the pontificate of Pope Paul II, with whom Trevisan was not on good terms, at 3 a.m. in Rome of edema. Like Cardinal Gil Álvarez Carrillo de Albornoz, Trevisan has been described as an "angel of peace".

</doc>
<doc id="18468332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468332" title="Northwest Arkansas Community College">
Northwest Arkansas Community College

Northwest Arkansas Community College (NWACC) is a public two-year college located in Bentonville in northwestern Arkansas.
History.
NWACC began as a branch campus of what was then North Arkansas Community College in Harrison in the 1970s.
In 1989, the citizens of the Bentonville and Rogers school districts voted to levy a 3-mill property tax to establish NWACC.
Prior to the millage vote, community leaders, faculty, staff, and students collected signatures of local voters on a petition to get the issue on the ballot.
With the passage of the 3-mill property tax on 15 August 1989, NWACC was able to open its doors to the first students in August, 1990. 1,200 students attended at the College’s founding.
In the early days, NWACC was known as the “College without walls” because it solved the problem of not having enough “bricks and mortar” funding to build classrooms by conducting classes in a variety of buildings throughout the community.
Faculty often had to transport learning materials, equipment, and even laboratory specimen in their personal vehicles from one location to another to meet with students.
NWACC.
NorthWest Arkansas Community College is a smart choice for students wanting to pursue quality higher education. As an accredited institution through the Arkansas Department of Higher Education, NWACC is a public two-year institution that serves and strengthens its surrounding communities in Benton and Washington counties by helping our students maximize their potential and exceed expectations. With state-of-the-art facilities, NWACC provides excellent academic instruction and workforce training needed to succeed, offering personalized attention from highly respected faculty, staff, and administrators. For more information, visit www.nwacc.edu.
The mission of the institution emphasizes serving the community. NWACC focuses on maintaining three important components in carrying out its mission:
Quality – providing a quality education via the following methods:
Accessibility – making classes available via the following methods:
Affordability – committed to controlling tuition and other costs for students via the following methods:
Accreditation.
On August 15, 1996, NWACC announced that it had received its initial accreditation by The Higher Learning Commission The Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools North Central Association of Colleges and Schools
In February 2000, NWACC was granted continued accreditation for 10 years by The Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools.
In July 2006, NWACC was approved for the Academic Quality Improvement process of re-accreditation. AQIP infuses the principles and benefits of continuous improvement into the culture of colleges and universities by providing an alternative process through which an already-accredited institution can maintain its accreditation from The Higher Learning Commission.
Skip Carnine, a state representative from Rogers, is a former NWACC trustee and an "Arkansas Superintendent of the Year".

</doc>
<doc id="18468346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468346" title="Lev L. Spiro">
Lev L. Spiro

Lev L. Spiro is a Jewish American television and film director. In addition to episodes of shows such as "Modern Family", "Weeds", "Arrested Development", "My Name Is Earl", "Ugly Betty", "Gilmore Girls", "Dawson's Creek", "The O.C." and "Everybody Hates Chris", he directed the television films "Minutemen" and ' as well as the DVD movie '.
Early life.
Spiro earned dual Bachelor's Degrees in Political Science and Communication Arts from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He then attended the University of Texas at Austin, where he received a Master's Degree in Film Production. His early work includes film adaptations of "The Convict", a short story by James Lee Burke, and "The Suicide Club", a story by Robert Louis Stevenson, which starred Jonathan Pryce and Paul Bettany.
Career.
Since beginning his career, Spiro has directed over 140 drama and comedy episodes, pilots and features for network and cable television.
Episodic television work includes multiple episodes of Showtime's "Weeds", ABC’s "Ugly Betty" and CW’s "Everybody Hates Chris", as well as "Arrested Development", "The O.C.", "Gilmore Girls" and many more. In 2008, Spiro directed the critically acclaimed family feature Minutemen, which garnered a DGA Award nomination for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Children’s Programs. In 2009 he directed "" which won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Children's Program. More recently Spiro directed the third "Beverly Hills Chihuahua" film for Walt Disney Pictures, the pilot for the ABC Family dramedy "Jane by Design", and episodes of "Modern Family", "The Neighbors" for ABC, and "Betas" for Amazon.
Personal life.
Spiro is married to screenwriter/producer Melissa Rosenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18468349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468349" title="This Is Tim Hardin">
This Is Tim Hardin

This is Tim Hardin is an album by folk artist Tim Hardin, released in 1967.
These early recordings from approximately 1964 were not issued until 1967 when Hardin had achieved success with his albums for Verve. The songs are in a more straight blues style than his later folk, rock and pop stylings.
Reception.
In his review for Allmusic, music critic Richie Unterberger wrote "The material isn't nearly as distinctive as the best of Hardin's work, but the performances rank with Dave Van Ronk and Fred Neil as the best white blues/acoustic folk to emerge from the early-'60s Greenwich scene... it's still well worth tracking down."

</doc>
<doc id="18468353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468353" title="Ah Koy">
Ah Koy

Ah Koy is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18468354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468354" title="Christmas Price Williams">
Christmas Price Williams

Christmas (Chris) Price Williams (25 December 1881 – 18 August 1965) was a Welsh Liberal politician.
Family and education.
Williams was born on Christmas Day, 1881 the son of Peter Williams, Managing Director of the Brymbo Steel Company near Wrexham. He went to Grove Park School in Wrexham and at Mold, Flintshire before attending Victoria University of Manchester where he received a B.Sc honours degree in science and an M.Sc. In 1909 he married Marion Davies of Brymbo who was the author of a number of novels and plays.
Career.
Williams went into engineering and worked in enterprises in Sheffield, Warrington and also in South Africa. He worked as a fitter and draughtsman but also held important managerial positions and undertook research on the industrial capacity and potential of Canada.
MP for Wrexham.
Williams was elected to represent Wrexham as Member of Parliament at the 1924 general election. Williams was fighting the sitting Labour MP, Professor Robert Richards who was also a government minister, Under-Secretary of State for India. Williams was fortunate that the local Conservatives decided to withdraw their candidate, E.F.Bushby, at the last minute to ensure a straight fight between Socialist and non-socialist candidates. At the previous election the Liberal vote had exceeded Bushby’s vote by only a few hundred.
While in Parliament, Williams seems to have taken a particular interest in imports and exports (notably of coal) both to the Empire and foreign countries asking details questions of the relevant ministers. He also made an official visit to Barcelona in 1926 to see the working of a hydro-electric plant. Williams was a supporter of David Lloyd George and in February 1927 he co-sponsored a Landlord and Tenant Bill with Lloyd George and other Welsh MPs, strengthening the rights of tenants. He supported Lloyd George as chairman of the Parliamentary Liberal Party and generally voted with him when the party was split over whether or not to support the government in the lobbies.
The 1929 general election.
At the 1929 general election Bushby was not so generous and Williams faced a three-cornered contest, with Robert Richards again standing for Labour. Despite the Liberal Party’s improved performance nationally at this election, Williams was unable to hold his seat which Richards regained for Labour. Bushby had had enough however and announced his intention to stand down from Wrexham politics at the next election.
Montgomeryshire.
Disappointed at his inability to hold onto Wrexham, Williams followed Bushby with a similar statement in 1930 but he nearly made it back into the House of Commons for the traditionally Liberal seat of Montgomeryshire. The sitting MP and future Liberal leader Clement Davies had reluctantly decided to stand down after having been appointed a director of Unilever and having given the Board an undertaking not to carry on as an MP. At first Davies’ wife had been willing to stand instead but she too withdrew and the local Association adopted Williams to be their candidate at the 1931 general election. As the election approached however Unilever lifted their objection to Davies’ continuing in politics and, while Davies told Williams he would support him if he wished to stand, Williams agreed to withdraw in Davies’ favour. Later correspondence from Davies indicates that he thought Williams would lose the election because the Conservatives would have opposed him in a three-cornered contest but once Davies was re-selected, the Tory candidate stood down and Davies was returned unopposed. 
Williams also served as a Justice of the Peace.

</doc>
<doc id="18468360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468360" title="Bram van Leeuwen">
Bram van Leeuwen

Abraham "Bram" van Leeuwen, also known as Prince of Lignac (Rotterdam, 18 July 1918 - Málaga, 27 May 2001) was a Dutch businessman and high-profile millionaire.
Poor start.
Van Leeuwen grew up in Rotterdam under impoverished circumstances. The humiliation that he and only just one other kid had to borrow his schoolbooks made a big impression on him. This memory was one of the reasons Van Leeuwen promised himself to become rich and successful in life. He founded NTI: Nederlands Talen Instituut, one of the first language training companies. Just before and during World War II Van Leeuwen wrote an English training course - which was in great demand at that time. To receive permission from the German occupiers to start his company he was forced to develop a German course as well. He also founded Lecturama, a Dutch publisher specialized in collecting and (re)publishing special series and popular books and doing so making these publications obtainable for the mass market. After the war Van Leeuwen continued starting companies.
Van Leeuwen sold his companies at the best time. The NTI and Lecturama were sold to the Dutch Vendex concern in the 1970s for 450 million Dutch guilders and made him his huge fortune.
Jetset.
Van Leeuwen was seen as an eccentric member of the jet set, living on board of his mega-ship New Horizon L built by Feadship/Royal van Lent shipyard. He received many guests on board of this 60 meter long ship, where even the air-outlets are said to be solid gold.
Rumors say Van Leeuwen bought the title Prince de Lignac but he always denied this and claimed he received it from a prince he met during the war. According again to Van Leeuwen his title was acknowledged by the São Paulo Aristocracy Court in 1966
Lifestyle.
Van Leeuwen was openly homosexual, which was extremely controversial in the years immediately following World War Two. This openness drew substantial attention from gossip magazines, as did his penchant for hosting extremely lavish parties, and the fact that the servants on his yacht were exclusively Asian males; when asked why he hired only Asian males for these positions, van Leeuwen said only that they "serve the best"
Death.
Van Leeuwen died on his yacht at the age of 82 years. In his will Van Leeuwen left a small part of his fortune to his longtime partner Hans Verver (Euro 35 million + the yacht). The majority (Euro 100 million) was left to the "Stichting Van Leeuwen Van Lignac" This foundation aims to help the physical and mental health of the people of Rotterdam, focusing on the elderly and/or lonely people and young children and orphans.

</doc>
<doc id="18468362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468362" title="Prairie League">
Prairie League

The Prairie League was an independent league of baseball which was based in the prairie provinces of Saskatchewan and Manitoba and the states of North Dakota, South Dakota, Minnesota and Wisconsin. The league was original in its naming by choosing not to resurrect a name previously used by a defunct minor league. The professional eight-team league was founded in 1995 following the demise of the North Central League. Having produced several major league prospects, it ceased operations after the 1997 season due to financial troubles and lack of interest in cities.

</doc>
<doc id="18468363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468363" title="Spa Croft Models">
Spa Croft Models

Spa Croft Models is a British company based in Tibshelf, Derbyshire, close to Hardwick Hall, the home of Bess of Hardwick. The company has been producing 1/43rd scale whitemetal models of British cars since 1995. 
The company produces models of cars from around the 1930s to the 1960s. Amongst the models in the range are the Austin A70 Hampshire Saloon and Countryman, Morris Oxford Series III, and Isis Series II, Standard Vanguard Phase I and Phase III, 14Morris 14/6, Wolseley 25 Super Six Series II, Vauxhall GL Limousine, Austin 14 Goodwood, and Humber Super Snipe Series IV. The latest model is the 1945 Humber Pullman Mk.I. The next model will be the Morris 25 Coupé. Spa Croft Models is only a small company and production levels are low. Only 500 of each model is produced, but in various authentic colours. Much research is carried out to ensure the accuracy of each model.
In addition to producing their own range of models, Spa Croft Models is also the principle UK distributor of the products of Brooklin Models Ltd., and has been retailing these products since 1984

</doc>
<doc id="18468370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468370" title="Shaskeen">
Shaskeen

Shaskeen is a musical group, based in Ireland, which performs Irish traditional music. It was formed in the 1970s and was still performing and recording as of 2010.
Discography.
Albums.
A mostly-complete list of the band's albums is maintained at the band's own Web site. Additional details and additional albums are provided below.
In chronological order:
DVD.
"Shaskeen: Irish Pub Session", released 16 May 2006 on the Doonaree label.

</doc>
<doc id="18468404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468404" title="World Leadership Group (MLM)">
World Leadership Group (MLM)

World Leadership Group was a Multi-Level Marketing company founded by Hubert Humphrey. 
World Leadership Group ceased business operations on December 12, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18468406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468406" title="Spartan Park">
Spartan Park

Spartan Park is an outdoor football ground in Avalon, Lower Hutt, the home of the American Football Wellington's Hutt Valley Spartans.

</doc>
<doc id="18468413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468413" title="Agius">
Agius

Agius is a surname of Maltese origin. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18468431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468431" title="Archery at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's team">
Archery at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's team

The men's team archery event at the 2008 Summer Olympics was part of the archery programme and took place at the Olympic Green Archery Field. Ranking Round was scheduled for August 9 and elimination rounds and Finals took place on August 11. All archery is done at a range of 70 metres, with targets 1.22 metres in diameter.
As the defending Olympic champions, South Korea defended the title with two archers from the past Games, Im Dong-Hyun and Park Kyung-Mo. Chinese Taipei, silver at the last Games, participated at the event with only one Athens medalist, Wang Cheng Pang. Ukraine, bronze in Athens, brought Viktor Ruban and Oleksandr Serdyuk back at the Games.
12 teams qualified for the event at the Beijing Olympics: host China, plus the top 8 teams at the 44th Outdoor Archery World championship, held in Leipzig, Germany, and 3 other NOCs that qualified three athletes for the Games.
The competition begins with the same ranking round used to determine the individual event seeding. Each archer fires 72 arrows, with the scores of the team's three members summed to give the team score. The elimination rounds use a single-elimination tournament, with fixed brackets based on the ranking round seeding. Highly ranked teams get byes through to the quarterfinals. In each round of elimination, the two teams each fire 24 arrows (with each individual archer accounting for 8 of them). The higher scoring team moves on, while the lower scoring team is eliminated. The two semifinal losers face off for the bronze medal.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows. The change from the prior 27 arrow match to a 24 arrow match for the XXIX Olympiad meant that there was no standing Olympic record in the team match.
The following new world and Olympic records were set during this competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18468453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468453" title="Nodar Khizanishvili">
Nodar Khizanishvili

Nodar Khizanishvili () (born 31 January 1953 in Batumi, Adjar ASSR) is a retired Soviet football player of Georgian ethnicity. He is the father of Zurab Khizanishvili.
International career.
He played his only game for USSR on 14 April 1982 in a friendly against Argentina, coming on for the final eight minutes in place of Leonid Buryak.

</doc>
<doc id="18468467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468467" title="Girl Next Door (band)">
Girl Next Door (band)

Girl Next Door was a Japanese pop musical trio that debuted in 2008 on the Avex Trax label. The band consists of vocalist Chisa, guitarist Yuji Inoue and Daisuke Suzuki on keyboard. On September 3rd, the group's fifth anniversary, the band formally announced plans to dissolve Girl Next Door within the year. Their final performance as a group was held at SHIBUYA-AX on December 8th, 2013.
History.
Girl Next Door was formed in March, and subsequently made their official debut in September 2008. Originally a dancer in the Kansai area, Chisa entered the Avex Artist Academy in 2005, and met Daisuke Suzuki (keyboardist) who was a respectable songwriter. Chisa and Suzuki recorded many demo tracks which eventually caught the eye of Avex CEO, Max Matsuura. Yuji Inoue(Guitarist) then joined the two, and Girl Next Door was formed and debuted with their 1st single: in September 2008.
Chisa was born November 16, 1985 and grew up in Hyōgo Prefecture. Her full name is . Girl Next Door's debut single, , was placed online on several sites from May 29, 2008. , there were two million views. Over a period of three months from their debut, they have released three singles. On December 24, 2008, they released their self-titled debut album including songs from the three singles. On December 22, 2008, the band's official fanclub "Next Door" opened.
The band's fifth single "Infinity" was released on June 10, 2009. It is also the theme song for the 2009 Spring TV show "Atashinchi no Danshi" and became their first No. 1 single on Oricon weekly single charts. They also sang the OP song of the game "Tales of VS." using the song "Be Your Wings". The trio released their 6th single "Be Your Wings/Friendship/Wait for You" on August 5, 2009. It was their first triple A-side single.
On January 20, 2010, they released their second album "Next Future" including songs from the four singles and became their first No. 1 album with the first week sales of around 56,000 copies on Oricon weekly album charts.

</doc>
<doc id="18468493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468493" title="Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and Development">
Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and Development

The Far West Laboratory for Educational Research and Development (FWL) was established in 1966, as one of the 20 original Regional Educational Laboratories funded by the United States Congress and charged with "bridging the gap between research and practice." 
Between 1966 and 1976, FWL developed teacher "minicourses" on a variety of subjects. Each minicourse provided a model of specific classroom strategies or behaviors, gave teachers a chance to practice the strategies, and then provided feedback. Minicourses were distributed throughout the country, and the approach was adapted for use in other professions beyond K-12 education. 
Between 1976 and 1986, FWL's landmark Beginning Teacher Evaluation Study funded by the U.S. National Institute of Education identified teacher characteristics and skills that contribute positively to student performance. The study focused national attention on "Academic Learning Time," a concept soon picked up and extended by countless other researchers and educators. 
Between 1986 and 1995, FWL developed teacher cases to improve teacher education and effectiveness in the classroom. The lab's work in this area was on the cutting edge of what has been called a "quiet revolution in teacher education." In 1995 FWL merged with the Southwest Regional Educational Laboratory (SWRL) to form WestEd.

</doc>
<doc id="18468503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468503" title="Allenport, Pennsylvania">
Allenport, Pennsylvania

Allenport is the name of some places in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania:

</doc>
<doc id="18468508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468508" title="Stephen M. Saideman">
Stephen M. Saideman

Stephen M. Saideman holds the Paterson Chair in International Affairs at Carleton University's Norman Paterson School of International Affairs He previously was the Canada Research Chair[http://www.chairs.gc.ca in International Security and Ethnic Conflict at McGill University, in Montreal, Canada. He has authored three books, over twenty articles and book chapters, with most of his work focusing on the international politics of ethnic conflict. His latest book is on NATO NATO and Afghanistan Afghanistan.
Background.
Saideman received his B.A. in Government at Oberlin College. He then received his M.A. and Ph.D. in Political Science from the University of California, San Diego in the fall of 1993.
He had a visiting position at the University of Vermont before moving to Texas Tech where he taught as an Assistant Professor of Political Science from 1995-2001.[http://www.depts.ttu.edu/politicalscience/]. From 2001 to 2002, he held the Council on Foreign Relations International Affairs Fellowship, which allowed him to work as a desk officer on the US Joint Staff's Directorate of Strategic Planning and Policy Joint Staff. Saideman then taught at McGill as a Canada Research Chair until the end of the spring semester of 2012 when he moved to teaching at Carleton University.
Research.
Most of his research has focused on the international relations of ethnic conflict, including his first and second [http://www.amazon.com/dp/0231144784 books. This led to some projects on the comparative politics of ethnic conflict as well as an interest in the dynamics of intrastate conflicts in general. His current research focuses on the [http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1468-2478.2011.00700.x/full challenges of multilateral military operations.
Teaching.
Saideman has taught a range of courses in International Relations, focusing on International Security. He supervises MA and PhD students working on a range of issues, including variations in public support for terrorist groups in advanced democracies, sources of militia strategies, under what conditions peacekeeping operations successfully deter violence, and what causes spatial variations in violence in riots.

</doc>
<doc id="18468527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468527" title="Zoomie Rugby Football Club">
Zoomie Rugby Football Club

The Zoomie Rugby Football Club (ZRFC) is made up of the men's and women's rugby union teams at the United States Air Force Academy. The team's name refers to the term "Zoomie", which is slang for a cadet or graduate of the Air Force Academy.
History.
The Air Force rugby program began in 1968 and, as the academy was all-male, consisted only of a men's team. In 1980, the Air Force began competing in collegiate rugby under USA rugby, as the NCAA does not sponsor rugby as a sport. Since that time, Air Force has made 18 appearances in the national tournament, earning three national championships—in 1989, 1990 and 2003. Several players have gone on to represent the USA on the US Men's national rugby team, including Ben Trautwein, Matt Schmitz, Josh Dean, Mike Hobson, and Brian Lemay. 
The Air Force women's team was founded in 1977, shortly after the first admission of women to the academy. The women's team competed within Colorado for several years, but moved to national competition when the women's national championship competition was organized in 1991. The women's team won the first national championship that same year, and have gone on to win three more, in 1994, 2002 and 2003. Two of the Air Force women's players, Shalanda Baker and Laura McDonald, have gone on to play for the United States women's national team.
Results.
Men.
"See footnote"
Women.
"See footnote" 

</doc>
<doc id="18468537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468537" title="Lynne Cherry">
Lynne Cherry

Lynne Cherry (born January 5, 1952) is an American writer and illustrator of nature-themed children's books and a film producer. In 2009 she was designated a Women's History Month Honoree by the National Women's History Project.
Born in Philadelphia, Cherry attended the Tyler School of Art and Yale University. She has served as director of the Center for Children's Environmental Literature, and has also been an artist-in-residence for the Princeton Environmental Institute, the World Wildlife Fund, and the Smithsonian Institution. One of her best-known books is "The Great Kapok Tree", a picture book about the Amazon rainforest. Other books include "Flute's Journey" (a book about bird migration) and "A River Ran Wild" (which discusses the cleanup of the Nashua River in Massachusetts).
Lynne has recently turned her attention to the climate crisis. She is founder and director of Young Voices on Climate Change. She has recently produced a series of films through her non-profit Young Voices on Climate Change specifically dedicated to helping the voices of environmentally-concerned young people be heard by featuring youth success stories in a series of DVDs. The short films show California kids getting a ban on plastic bags; Florida students saving their school $53,000 in energy costs; and Felix Finkbeiner, an 11-year-old German boy planting a million trees (see "Plant-for-the-Planet" initiative). Her film "Olivia's Birds and the Oil Spill" features a girl from Islip, New York who raised $200,000 to help save and clean oiled birds from oil spills. Her most recent film, produced in 2013, "Longing for a Local Lunch" documents 4 high school students in Great Barrington, Massachusetts who succeed in getting fresh, local, healthy & nutritious cafeteria and calculate the "food miles" that their cafeteria fare travels.
Her book, "How We Know What We Know about Our Changing Climate", written with Gary Braasch, has won more than 15 prestigious awards. It was honored with the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) award for the Best Middle Grade Science Book of 2009. She wrote a chapter for the National Geographic book "Written in Water" and a chapter entitled "Kids Can Save Forests" in a book published by Springer and edited by Dr. Meg Lowman.
Lynne Cherry has been Artist in Residence at Woods Hole Research Center, the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution and the Marine Biological Lab in Woods Hole, Massachusetts, on Cape Cod. She has been visiting scholar in the Geosciences Department at U. Mass, Amherst, the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Science in Millbrook, NY., the Institute for Arctic and Alpine Research at University of Colorado, Boulder and the Cornell Lab of Ornithology in Ithaca, NY.

</doc>
<doc id="18468555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468555" title="Archery at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team">
Archery at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team

The Women's team archery event at the 2008 Summer Olympics was part of the archery programme and took place at the Olympic Green Archery Field. Ranking Round was scheduled for August 9 and elimination rounds and Finals took place on August 10. All archery is done at a range of 70 metres, with targets 1.22 metres in diameter.
As the defending Olympic champions, South Korea defended the title with only one remaining archer from the previous Games, Park Sung-Hyun, winner of two gold medals. China, silver at the last Games, participated at the team event with only one Athens medalist, Zhang Juanjuan and tried to bring the gold medal to the hosts. Chinese Taipei, bronze in Athens, brought Yuan Shu Chi and Wu Hui Ju back to the Games.
10 teams qualified for the event at the Beijing Olympics: host China, plus the top 8 teams at the 44th Outdoor Archery World championship, held in Leipzig, Germany, and one other NOC that qualified three athletes for the Games.
The competition begins with the same ranking round used to determine the individual event seeding. Each archer fires 72 arrows, with the scores of the team's three members summed to give the team score. The elimination rounds use a single-elimination tournament, with fixed brackets based on the ranking round seeding. Highly ranked teams get byes through to the quarterfinals. In each round of elimination, the two teams each fire 24 arrows (with each individual archer accounting for 8 of them). The higher scoring team moves on, while the lower scoring team is eliminated. The two semifinal losers face off for the bronze medal.
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows. The change from the prior 27 arrow match to a 24 arrow match for the XXIX Olympiad meant that there was no standing Olympic record in the team match.
The following new world and Olympic records were set during this competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18468561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468561" title="Bloch Publishing Company">
Bloch Publishing Company

Bloch Publishing Company is the oldest Jewish publishing company, and one of the oldest ongoing family businesses, in the United States.
History.
Edward H. Bloch (born 1829, Grafenried, Bohemia; died 1906, Cincinnati, Ohio) founded the company in Cincinnati in 1854 (another source says 1855). Edward’s sister, Theresa Bloch, had married Rabbi Isaac Mayer Wise in 1844, and Edward’s early activities were closely associated with those of his famous brother-in-law, who was laying the foundations of the Reform Jewish movement in the United States. When Rabbi Wise moved to Cincinnati, Bloch followed him; Rabbi Wise founded "The Israelite" newspaper, and after a short time Edward Bloch took over as publisher. Renamed "The American Israelite" in 1874, and published by Rabbi Wise’s son Leo Wise after 1888, this newspaper is said to be the longest-running Jewish newspaper in the United States. Bloch also published the German-language "Die Deborah" in Cincinnati, and he initiated Jewish newspapers in St. Louis and Chicago, including the Chicago "Reform Advocate", founded in 1891 and edited by the influential Reform Rabbi Emil G. Hirsch.
Bloch began by publishing Rabbi Wise’s liturgies, hymnals, and other books for the Reform movement, and expanded to publish books and religious goods on a wide range of Jewish subjects as well as the occasional non-Jewish ones. He was also a successful manufacturer of flags; in fact, his obituary claimed that he was the inventor and first manufacturer of printed flags in the United States, although apparently this claim is not subject to independent verification.
Edward’s son, Charles E. Bloch (1861–1940), succeeded his father in control of the company. He opened a branch in Chicago and then moved the company to New York City in 1901 (although Edward Bloch remained in Cincinnati, and held the title of president, until his death in 1906). The company called itself “The Jewish Book Concern” and its New York building became the largest Judaic bookstore in the country. The company was then run in turn by Charles's son, Edward H. Bloch (1898–1982), and then by the second Edward’s son, the second Charles E. Bloch (1927–2006). During this time, the small-book market declined and the company’s operations contracted but continued. After the second Charles’ death in 2006, his son, Mitchell E. Bloch, took over as the fifth generation of the Bloch family to run the company, and the company relocated from its historic offices in New York to Jacksonville, Florida.
Notable Books.
Bloch Publishing has published a wide variety of books of Jewish interest including such classics as "A Book of Jewish Thoughts" by Rabbi Joseph Hertz; "Peony" by Pearl S. Buck; Joseph Klausner’s "Jesus of Nazareth"; and Hugo Bettauer’s "The City Without Jews". 
Bloch Publishing is noted for a series of long-running Jewish cookbooks that were highly influential in the development of American-Jewish cuisine. "“Aunt Babette’s” Cook Book" was first published in 1889 and was the first truly successful American Jewish cookbook. Along with traditional Jewish recipes, it also contained an extensive selection of recipes for "treif" (non-Kosher) ingredients such as pork, oysters, and shellfish, and in this and other ways reflected its roots in the assimilationist tendencies of the 19th-century Reform Jewish movement. After many years of success, in 1918, Bloch replaced "“Aunt Babette’s” Cook Book" with a more Kosher-observant successor, Florence Kreisler Greenbaum’s "The International Jewish Cook Book", authored by a Hunter College graduate; Bloch billed it (not quite accurately) as “the first strictly kosher cook book ever published in English in this country.” In 1941, Mrs. Greenbaum’s book was replaced by a more modern, expanded volume, "The Jewish Cook Book", written by Mildred Grosberg Bellin, a Smith College graduate who had already written a successful, smaller menu planner/cookbook for Bloch called "Modern Jewish Meals". Bellin’s encyclopedic, 3,000-recipe cookbook was most recently revised and reissued in 1983 as "The Original Jewish Cookbook" and it remains available from Bloch.

</doc>
<doc id="18468568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468568" title="Oliver Ditson">
Oliver Ditson

Oliver Ditson (October 20, 1811 - December 21, 1888) was an American businessman and founder of Oliver Ditson and Company, one of the major music publishing houses of the late 19th century.
Early life and career.
Oliver Ditson was born in Boston, Massachusetts, of Scottish ancestry, on October 20, 1811. His parents lived near the home of Paul Revere at the lower end of Hanover Street.
In 1823, just out of grammar school, Oliver became an employee of Col. Samuel Hale Parker, father of J.C.D. Parker, the organist and composer. Col. Parker owned a book store on Washington street, near Franklin Street in Boston, and kept in addition to his regular stock a few pieces of music. At the time the Waverley novels were making their appearance and Col. Parker was republishing them as rapidly as they could be gotten from England. 
Oliver left the bookstore to master the printer’s trade. About 1834, fire destroyed the store of Col. Parker. With what was saved he moved with his now indispensable young friend into a wooden building on Washington street, near School street, and later took a single counter in the famous ‘Old Corner Bookstore,’ then kept by William D. Ticknor in the gambrel roofed building erected in 1712, at the northwest corner of Washington and School streets. At this location, in 1834, the firm of Parker & Ditson was formed. Mr. Ditson was then twenty-three, and changed it into a music store.
In 1840, Ditson bought out Col. Parker’s interest and carried on the business of music seller and publisher under the name of Oliver Ditson. 
He acquired the "Oliver Ditson and Company" moniker in 1857 when he began collaborating with John C. Haynes on what would become the John C. Haynes & Co..
Ditson's company published the first American edition of Haydn's "The Creation", "Jingle Bells" and "Darling Nelly Gray", as well as most of the works of the Hutchinson Family - though Ditson refused to publish "Get Off the Track" due to its abolitionist sentiment.
In 1858, Ditson purchased "Dwight's Journal of Music", a serious musical journal.
During the American Civil War, Ditson released a number of popular songs, including "Battle Hymn of the Republic" and "Tenting on the Old Camp Ground".
Theodore Presser purchased the Ditson catalogue in 1931.
Death.
On December 21, 1888, Oliver Ditson, the pioneer of music publishing in America, died at the age of seventy-seven.

</doc>
<doc id="18468570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468570" title="Flibbix">
Flibbix

Flibbix is a dynamic board game by Merillian for two to five players, in which players build their own game board using magnetic game board tiles, check off custom rules on a "Make your own Rules" sheet, and then play.
Because the game board and rules can be changed before and during each game, players have a large number of board game designs and rule set options that significantly affect how their game will play. The tiles are reusable and the game comes with multiple rule sheets, so it is possible to play the game repeatedly, each time with a different game board and different set of rules. Players can choose to use all, or just some, of the included cards, so game play can be further customized by the players' choice of cards.
Contents.
Flibbix comes with 45 magnetic game board tiles, 40 cards, five game pieces, 50 double-sided rule sheets, one six-sided die, one pencil, quickstart sheet, and a game guide.
Building a Game Board.
Flibbix tiles have embedded magnets which allow them to connect in almost any design or order that the players choose. Each tile has sides with positive and negative polarity (the red and green sides of each tile), so that players are given a visual indicator of how tiles should connect to each other. Each tile is double sided and there is frequently a significance between the pairing of each side of a specific tile. For example, an "Extra Turn" tile has "Lose a Turn" on the opposite side. "Move Ahead 5" has "Go Back 5" on the opposite side. A "Right Turn" changes to "Left Turn" on the opposite side.
Because game board tiles can be connected in almost any order, players can build game boards that vary the look and play of each game dramatically. A game board can be in the shape of a letter, a straight line, or zig zag. In addition to changing the aesthetic look of a game board, building the game board allows players to significantly alter the way the game plays. For example, if a "Jump to Green Space" tile is placed in the middle of the game, and a "Green Space" tile is placed at the end of the game path, landing on "Jump to Green" would be advantageous to the player who lands on that tile. On the other hand, if the "Green Space" tile were placed at the beginning of the game board, players would try to avoid landing on the "Jump to Green" tile. Likewise, if players choose to populate their board game exclusively with tiles that send players back in the game, or cause players to lose turns, it will play differently than if they chose to also use tiles which move players ahead, or give players extra turns.
The most basic method of creating a game board is for players to collaborate and build a game board together. However, there are other building methods including "Draw a Tile" and "Roll a Tile" that make game board creation more competitive and/or more random in nature. Some of these are specified in the Game Guide which comes with the game, but players could also devise their own method of building a game board using the game's tiles.
Making Board Game Rules.
Before playing, players choose rules on a "Make your own Rules" sheet, included with the game. Many of the rules are check-off options which affect game play elements such as which player goes first, or whether an exact roll is required to land on the "Finish" tile. Players can also define what happens when someone lands on "Custom Tile" or draws a "Custom Card." When a player lands on a "Custom Tile" during play, they must perform the action specified on the "Custom Tile" section of the "Make your own Rules" sheet. This can be a directly game-related action such as "Move Back 5" or a more socially-focused action, such as "Sing a song as off key as possible and get an extra turn."
Rules are generally created by, or at least agreed to, by all players before playing the game. However, if a player draws the "Break a Rule" card during the game, they are allowed to change one game rule on the rule sheet.
Playing the Game.
The goal of the game is to be the first person to progress through the game path and get to the "Finish" tile. Players roll the die on their turn, and move the number of spaces that they rolled. However, their move may be modified by a card/tile that they have already drawn or landed on, a card or tile drawn/landed on by another player, by landing on the same space as another player, by their custom rules, or by the tile that their roll specifies they land on. Players perform the "action" on a tile when they land on it, and follow the rules defined on their rule sheet.
However, during game play, the game board is dynamic and may change in a number of ways. If a player lands on a "Tile Swap" tile, that player can choose to swap the location of any two unoccupied tiles on the board, with the exception of the "Start" or "Finish" tiles. In doing so, players can try to change the game board to their advantage by moving a tile ahead of them that they wish to land on, or moving a tile in front of another player that they wish the other player to land on. If a player lands on a "Tile Flip" tile, they may choose to flip over any tile on the game board that is unoccupied, as long as it doesn't interrupt the path of the game (such as by turning over a turn tile to break the game path). In doing so, a player can turn over a "Lose a Turn" to expose "Extra Turn," for example, and try to increase their chance of gaining an extra turn instead of losing a turn. Cards that players draw can affect the game board as well. For example, a "Swap & Flip Start & Finish" card tells users to swap the "Start and Finish" tiles. After this, game play suddenly goes backwards and the player who was last is now leading the game. 
Game Cards.
Flibbix game cards are drawn whenever a player lands on a "Draw Card" tile. The "Make your own Rules" sheet can also specify that users draw a card when they roll a special number, such as one (1). Cards are designated in three categories:
A Flibbix card can:
Game Scale and Style.
Because the game can be customized by players, the game focus and play style varies dramatically depending on the rules, cards, and tiles chosen. A short game board could be created that uses no cards, and has simple rules, for a simple Roll-and-Move style game. This could be played by young children. Conversely, with complex rules and a more elaborate board and cards, the game could be customized to be more entertaining or challenging for adults. Game cards and tiles include elements from a number of game categories such as Party or Family Games ("Three of a Kind," "Number Favorites," or "Rhyme Master" cards), Games of Physical Skill ("Human Spinner" card), and Strategy (game board building and modification choices).
Flibbix Puzzler.
Merillian also released an iPhone-optimized web game titled "Flibbix Puzzler" with artwork based on the Flibbix board game. Game play is very different from the Flibbix board game, but is titled similarly since it uses Flibbix board game illustrations as elements of the web game.

</doc>
<doc id="18468585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468585" title="IOS Telecom">
IOS Telecom

IOS is the brand name under which IOS Telecom provides operator-services worldwide, including the U.S. IOS, which stands for international operator services, is one of the leading call center operator-services providers in the U.S.. The company specializes in providing live operator assistance to travelers all over the world who need assistance in placing a phone call. IOS Telecom accepts all major credit cards as a form a payment. They also allow third-party billing, reverse charge call, and collect calls to bill charges for overseas phone calls.
Controversy
Although the company allows major credit cards to be used, many believe that the charge on credit card is too high and there are many online class action lawsuits being filled against this company.

</doc>
<doc id="18468609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468609" title="Sheffield Co-operative Society">
Sheffield Co-operative Society

The Sheffield Co-operative Society was a local consumer co-operative trading in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
The Society was founded as the Brightside and Carbrook Co-operative and opened its first shop in 1868, in the Carbrook suburb of Sheffield.
Castle House.
The Co-op opened shops around the city, and set up its first branch in Sheffield City Centre in 1929, on the corner of Exchange Street and Waingate, on part of the former site of Sheffield Castle. In 1962, this moved to a new site named "Castle House", in tribute to the site of the old store.
The Castle House department store was designed by G. S Hay of the Co-operative Wholesale Society and occupied a large site, with entrances on King Street, Angel Street and Castle Street. The store, which also housed the headquarters of the Brightside and Carbrook, featured a massive granite facade with a zigzag canopy. Inside, the focus was on a cantilevered spiral staircase connecting all the floors, under a partially glazed dome and a sculpture of a bird.
In 2009 the building was granted Grade II listed building status.
Members.
Eleanor Barton, a prominent co-operative movement activist, was for many years the secretary of the Brightside and Carbrook's Hillsborough branch, and later became a director of the organisation. Other prominent members included Michael Palin, who joined the Brightside and Carbrook Co-operative Players in the 1960s.
Mergers.
In the 1980s, the Brightside and Carbrook Co-op merged with the Sheffield and Ecclesall Co-operative to form the Sheffield Co-operative Society.
By 2006, the Society had 35 grocery shops, six travel stores, four petrol stations, seven funeral parlours and three department stores. However, the group faced competition within Sheffield from both the United Co-operatives and the Co-operative Group.
In 2007, the Society voted to merge with the United Co-operatives, which itself merged with the Co-operative Group shortly afterwards. All three of the former Society's department stores, including Castle House, were closed in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18468611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468611" title="1998 Major League Baseball Draft">
1998 Major League Baseball Draft

The 1998 First-Year Player Draft, Major League Baseball's annual amateur draft of high school and college baseball players, was held on June 2 and 3, 1998. A total of 1445 players were drafted over the course of 50 rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18468633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468633" title="Castle House">
Castle House

Castle House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18468646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468646" title="WASN">
WASN

WASN (1500 AM) is a radio station currently off air due to technical issues. Licensed to Youngstown, Ohio, USA, the station serves the Youngstown-Warren area. The station is currently owned by Bernard Ohio LLC.
Since January 1, 2010, WASN has carried an urban-focused talk format. In addition to Syndication One hosts Warren Ballentine, Rev. Al Sharpton and Michael Baisden, Previous formats have included gospel music and Spanish-language programming. The station now streams on a 24-hour basis, owing to WASN's daytime-only status (to protect WFED in Washington, D.C.).
WASN's sister station, WGFT/1330, carries an oldies/classic hits format.
In February 2013 WGFT and sister station WASN was taken off air due to on-going technical reasons with a sta to return to the air by Feb 2014.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18468657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468657" title="List of awards and nominations received by Monica">
List of awards and nominations received by Monica

This page contains a list of awards and nominations for Monica, an American singer discovered by music producer Dallas Austin in 1991. The singer achieved worldwide success in 1998 with her album "The Boy Is Mine", and hits "The Boy Is Mine", "For You I Will", and "So Gone". The singer received her first awards at 1996 "Billboard Music Award" for R&B Artist of the Year. She was later nominated for a Grammy for Record of the Year.
The first single from "The Boy Is Mine" as self-title, was a hit, reaching number one in multiple countries including Canada, New Zealand and on the Billboard Hot 100. Both singers won five Billboard Music Award for "The Boy Is Mine" with Top Dance Maxi-Single, Best Clip, and Top 100 Singles Sales and a Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance By a Duo or Group.
American Music Awards.
The American Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony created by Dick Clark in 1973. Monica has received two nominations.
BET Awards.
The BET Awards were established in 2001 by the Black Entertainment Television (BET) network. Monica has received one awards from two nominations.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences.
MTV Video Music Awards.
The MTV Video Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony established in 1984 by MTV. Monica has received two nominations.
Soul Train.
Soul Train Music Awards.
The Soul Train Music Awards is an annual awards show that honors black musicians and entertainers. Monica has received one award from five nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="18468664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468664" title="WATH">
WATH

WATH (970 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic Hits format. Licensed to Athens, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by WATH, Inc. and features programing from CBS Radio, Fox Sports Radio and Westwood One.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18468672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468672" title="Limbs and Branches">
Limbs and Branches

Limbs and Branches is a compilation release from singer/songwriter Jon Foreman that was released October 28, 2008. It consists of a selection of songs from Foreman's previous solo EP releases, handpicked by Foreman and his fans, who were given a chance to vote for which songs to be included. Foreman also recorded two new songs for the release. "It's for all the folks that have a hard time understanding EP's and want things in a more universal format," explained Foreman.
It has peaked at No. 48 on the iTunes overall albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18468679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468679" title="WBCY">
WBCY

WBCY (89.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Christian format. Licensed to Archbold, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Taylor University Broadcasting, Inc..
Translators.
In addition to the main station, WBCY is relayed by an additional translator to widen its broadcast area.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18468695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468695" title="Harriet Winslow Sewall">
Harriet Winslow Sewall

Harriet Winslow Sewall (June 20, 1819 in Portland, Maine – December 20, 1889) was an American poet, and editor of the collected letters of Lydia Maria Child.
Winslow was born in Portland, Maine into a Quaker family. She was educated in Portland and at a boarding school in Providence, Rhode Island. She was, at least in her early years, interested in transcendentalism and animal magnetism; and arguably more practically engaged with contemporary anti-slave and women's rights movements.
She wrote poetry from an early age, and for many years; but apparently for her own satisfaction and without a view to publication. A number of her works were published, however, and has been republished in a number of collections of American poetry.
She married in 1848 Charles List, a journalist working on the "Commonwealth" newspaper. He soon became ill, relinquishing his job and placing the burden of support on Harriet, who was assisted by her relatively wealthy family. Charles died in 1856.
In 1857 she married a Mr. Sewall and in 1861 her father died, providing her with a "moderate fortune" enabling her to pursue philanthropic interests. The couple divided their time between Melrose, Massachusetts and Boston, Massachusetts. They were both early members of the New England Women's Club, a Women's suffrage organisation.
In 1882 she arranged for publication the letters of her friend, the author Lydia Maria Child. 
Mr. Sewell died at age 70. She died soon after, struck by an express train whilst crossing a railtrack.
A collection of her poems was published in November 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="18468696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468696" title="Claytonia exigua">
Claytonia exigua

Claytonia exigua is a species of wildflower in the purslane family known by the common names serpentine springbeauty and pale claytonia. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to Idaho to California, where it grows in a number of habitat types, including plant communities on serpentine soils. This is a fleshy annual herb producing a patch of erect or leaning stems up to about 15 centimeters tall. The thick leaves are linear in shape and fingerlike near the base of the plant and crescent to disc-shaped farther up the stem. The plant is hairless and waxy and varies in color from green to pinkish, grayish, or brownish. The inflorescence holds several flowers on drooping pedicels which turn erect as the plant develops fruit. The flower has five lobed petals each a few millimeters long and in shades of pink, white, or pink-streaked white. The fruit is a capsule less than three millimeters long containing a few tiny seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="18468703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468703" title="WoWWiki">
WoWWiki

WoWWiki is a wiki about the "Warcraft" fictional universe, and one of the largest wikis about a specific subject. It began as an independent project in 2004, and in 2007 joined Wikia. In 2010, the administrators (unhappy with Wikia management) started an independent fork known as Wowpedia.
History.
WoWWiki.com was launched on November 24, 2004, the day after the release of "World of Warcraft", as a source of information pertaining to "WoW" and the interface modification suite Cosmos. The wiki later expanded to cover the entirety of the Warcraft universe, including RTS games, novels, RPG reference books, manga, and other written sources, along with the "WoW" expansion packs. At various points in its development history, it was described as the "best known MMO wiki", "the second largest English-language wiki in the world behind Wikipedia", and the "mother of all WoW informational sources."
On May 2, 2007, it was announced that WoWWiki would be moving to Wikia, a for-profit wiki-hosting company. In September 2009, WoWWiki was noted as Wikia's largest wiki at that time.
On Nov 1, 2010, in an interview with the Toronto Star, Jimmy Wales described sites in entertainment and gaming as the most popular part of Wikia, stating that "in gaming, every major video game has a huge wiki about it. World of Warcraft is probably the biggest. ... Just for that particular wiki alone, I think we see 4 to 5 million people a month."
Research.
In March 2008, SXSW held a panel on "How Gamers are Adopting the Wiki Way", which heavily featured WoWWiki and focused on the wiki as a collaborative strategy space for players. In a 2009 article, Lee Sherlock argued that WoWWiki constituted a collaborative writing genre, distinct from forums and walkthroughs (e.g. GameFAQs). Rik Hunter treated WoWWiki as a fan "affinity space". Both Sherlock and Hunter argued that WoWWiki was a primary example of a broader trend in digital media where consumers and users became producers of information. More recently, Hunter has analyzed talk pages for patterns of collaboration and suggests that "Successful collaborative writing on WoWWiki is a result of writers sharing common 'habits of mind,' and collaboration can be disrupted by those who hold more author-centric perspectives of textual ownership." Faltin Karlsen saw WoWWiki's size and complexity as evidence for the scale of emergent complexity in massively multiplayer online role-playing games (MMORPGs) like "World of Warcraft".
Wowpedia.
In late 2010, Wikia introduced a new fixed-width skin, which caused layout issues with many articles and broke JavaScript-based features such as tooltips as well as generating reports of eye strain and headaches. The dispute with Wikia led some of the WoWWiki community to seek a different host. As a result, the content and article history was forked on 20 October 2010. The administrators of WoWWiki, as well as the other active contributors, moved to a new site called Wowpedia, which was announced shortly thereafter.
On December 4, 2010, Blizzard Entertainment began to incorporate links to Wowpedia, as well as the database site Wowhead, into the new version of its World of Warcraft Community Site.

</doc>
<doc id="18468704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468704" title="WBEX">
WBEX

WBEX (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Chillicothe, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Citicasters Licenses, L.P. and features programing from Fox News Radio, Premiere Radio Networks and Westwood One.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18468734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468734" title="WBIK">
WBIK

WBIK (92.1 FM) — branded Classic Rock 92.1 — is a commercial classic rock radio station licensed to Pleasant City, Ohio. Owned by AVC Communications, Inc. through licensee David L. Wilson, the station serves Guernsey County in East Central Ohio. The WBIK studios are located in the Guernsey county seat of Cambridge, as is the station transmitter.
WBIK is the local affiliate for "Dennis Mitchell's Breakfast with the Beatles".

</doc>
<doc id="18468751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468751" title="U.S. National Institute of Education">
U.S. National Institute of Education

The U.S. National Institute of Education (NIE) was established in the Education Division, Department of Health, Education, and Welfare by an act of June 23, 1972 (86 Stat. 327). On May 4, 1980, it was transferred to the Office of Educational Research and Improvement, United States Department of Education, by the Department of Education Organization Act (3 Stat. 678), approved October 17, 1979. The Institute provided leadership in the conduct and support of scientific inquiry into the educational process. Among the studies it sponsored was the Beginning Teacher Evaluation Study. It was abolished in 1985 with functions dispersed among the Center for Statistics, the Information Service, and the Office of Research, all within the Office of Educational Research and Improvement (OERI).
On November 5, 2002, President Bush signed into PUBLIC LAW 107–279 (116 Stat. 1940) the Education Sciences Reform Act. The act produced the Institute of Education Sciences organization and abolished the Office of Educational Research and Improvement. The OERI website content is considered out-of-date with all content dated December 4, 2002 or prior. An archive was still available at http://www2.ed.gov/offices/OERI/ as of March 2011. However, visitors to the OERI website information were directed to visit http://www.ed.gov/offices/IES/ for up-to-date on the Institute of Education Sciences and its programs.

</doc>
<doc id="18468762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468762" title="Robert Hall (National Guard officer)">
Robert Hall (National Guard officer)

Robert K. Hall was an officer in the United States North Dakota Army National Guard. He commanded troops during the strategically important Guadalcanal campaign and contributed significantly to the U.S. victory in the Battle for Henderson Field.
Pre-World War II.
During the 1930s, as a Captain in the part-time National Guard, he was known for his serious attitude towards training. "Hall's experience in WW I impressed the men, as did his serious demeanor and taciturn nature."
Guadalcanal.
As a Lieutenant Colonel, he commanded 3rd Battalion, 164th Infantry during the Battle for Henderson Field in the Guadalcanal Campaign. His regiment, part of the U.S. Army's Americal Division, had only just arrived on Guadalcanal as an emergency reinforcement and would become the first U.S. Army unit to see action during World War II. In the middle of a dark and rainy night on 24 October 1942, under close combat conditions, he and Lt. Col. Chesty Puller, commander of 1st Battalion, 7th Marines, made the decision to place Hall's men among the understrength Marines rather take their own place on the 7500-ft. line.
Puller and Hall personally placed the soldiers with Marines in existing positions. The soldiers, armed with the new M-1 rifles, added considerable firepower to the Marines, who were armed with the older M1903 Springfield rifles. "With daylight, Puller and Hall reordered the lines, putting (Hall's) 3rd Battalion, 164th into its own positions to Puller's left." Hall's troops were crucial in helping repulse numerous attacks by troops from the Imperial Japanese Army's 2nd Infantry Division. The Japanese defeat in the battle was the last serious attempt by Japanese army troops to retake Henderson Field, an important strategic victory for the United States and its allies. Acting on the recommendation of Puller, First Marine Division commander A. A. Vandegrift awarded Colonel Hall the Navy Cross for his role in the battle. 
Hall was wounded on Guadalcanal in November 1942, but recovered to lead his battalion in the final battles for control of the island. He subsequently returned to the states and trained troops in jungle combat. He retired from the Army at the end of the war.
Legacy.
The command relationship between Hall and Puller and their merged battalion is still studied in military schools. After the battle, the 164th Infantry was informally called "The 164th Marines," and members were welcomed at Marine reunions for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="18468769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468769" title="WBNO-FM">
WBNO-FM

WBNO-FM (100.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Bryan, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Impact Radio, LLC. WBNO-FM broadcasts a classic rock music format, switching from adult contemporary during the summer of 2013.
WBNO had carried the Classic Hits format from Dial Global until that format was discontinued on June 17, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18468777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468777" title="Whitey (musician)">
Whitey (musician)

Whitey (born Nathan Joseph Wannacot) is a musician from London, UK.
Career.
In 2004, he released an album named "The Light at the End of the Tunnel is a Train". The album predated the electro rock movement by several years, and was greeted at the time as a critical triumph, going on to make numerous Best Of Year lists worldwide. 
In the summer of 2007, an album named "Great Shakes" was leaked onto the internet. As a consequence of this leak, this album was never officially released, and Whitey lost several mainstream licencing deals. On 9 October 2007, the "Wrap It Up EP" was released though Pure Groove Music/Universal Music. It consisted of three songs: Wrap It Up, Cigarette, and Head in the Corner. Other appearances since then have been the track "Stay on the Outside" on "Kitsuné Maison Compilation 4", the release of the limited edition "Made of Night EP" on Marquis Cha Cha records and the track "Wrap It Up" was featured on "Grand Theft Auto IV" on the in-game radio station Radio Broker. Tracks by Whitey have also featured in episodes of "The Sopranos", "House", "One Tree Hill", "The O.C", "Kyle XY", "Entourage", "Breaking Bad", and "". 
A full album named "Stay On The Outside" was planned for release in the later part of 2008, but was delayed. This album was planned to include a number of tracks from "Great Shakes" and a number of new tracks. 
A new album "Canned Laughter" was self-released by Whitey on April 1, 2010, along with a public statement that the 'future is independent'. Whitey has subsequently turned down record deals, and withdrawn all his music from Spotify and iTunes. 
On March 23, 2012, extended versions of The Light at the End of the Tunnel is a Train & Canned Laughter were independently released via Bandcamp, alongside the first official release of Great Shakes & a collection of rarities named "Great Shakes Volume 2."
In May 2012, Whitey announced that he was done with the game of "...ludicrously one-sided offers, arrogant A&Rs and hammering on closed doors". His new album "Lost Summer" was suddenly released a week later, independently on Bandcamp. The album went live for download on the 18th of May 2012. It recently passed 25,000 online sales.
The song "Stay On the Outside" was used in episode two of the fifth season of Breaking Bad
In December 2012, Whitey started a Kickstarter campaign to fund his seventh album as well as making physical releases on CD and vinyl available for all his back catalogue. The Kickstarter campaign ended well over the official goal.
In November 2013, Whitey rejected a Betty TV request to licence his music for free on the grounds that it was unreasonable to pay others professionally without paying to licence music, reposting the email online to begin 'a public discussion... about this kind of industry abuse of musicians.' The post went viral overnight, generating 500,000 views in the first 24 hours, and reached an estimated audience of over 5 million views via retweeting on Twitter. The requested discussion spread into the mainstream press, generating pieces in Music Week, The Guardian, the BBC and numerous online sources.
Whitey recently announced he had reached his 9 millionth online play.
Discography.
Studio albums
Self-released albums
Extended plays

</doc>
<doc id="18468791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468791" title="WQCT">
WQCT

WQCT (1520 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an Oldies format. Licensed to Bryan, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Impact Radio, LLC and features programing from ABC Radio and Dial Global.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18468794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468794" title="SS Atlantic Causeway">
SS Atlantic Causeway

The Atlantic Causeway was a container ship, operated by Cunard, and one of the merchant vessels requisitioned by the British government to support British forces in the Falklands War in 1982.
Pre-war.
The "Atlantic Causeway" and her sister, "Atlantic Conveyor" were built by Swan Hunter as part of Cunard's contribution to Atlantic Container Lines, a European shipping consortium. The "Atlantic Causeway" was completed in 1969. With the outbreak of the Falklands War the "Atlantic Conveyor" was requisitioned on 14 April, and the "Atlantic Causeway" on 4 May to serve as transport and support ships for the Royal Navy taskforce being sent to retake the Falkland Islands.
Falklands War.
"Atlantic Causeway" put into HMNB Devonport and was taken in hand on 6 May. She was converted to be able to carry and operate helicopters, and was also fitted with a ski jump to enable her to operate Sea Harriers. A hangar was fitted to her upper deck, and an improved system for delivering aviation fuel. She sailed from Devonport on 14 May carrying eight Sea King HAS.2As of 825 Naval Air Squadron and twenty Wessex HU.5s of 847 Naval Air Squadron. She sailed to the Exclusion Zone via Ascension Island, arriving on 27 May, two days after her sister, "Atlantic Conveyor" had been hit and burnt out by Exocet missiles. She then disembarked her aircraft and stores in San Carlos Water from 30 May, remaining on station with the rest of the British fleet. She took on casualties from the Royal Fleet Auxiliary ships RFA "Sir Galahad" and "Sir Tristram" after they were hit by Argentinian bombs and abandoned on 8 and 9 June. Around 170 of those transferred were later returned to Britain aboard the tankers "British Trent" and "British Test". "Atlantic Causeway" entered Port William on 17 June to unload further supplies, before leaving to return to Britain on 13 July. She had received around 4,000 helicopter landings and refuelled about 500 aircraft.
Postwar.
"Atlantic Causeway" was laid up in Liverpool, finally being broken up in Taiwan in 1986. Detailed plans of both the "Atlantic Causeway" and the "Atlantic Conveyor" are held by The National Archives.

</doc>
<doc id="18468812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468812" title="Gas Money">
Gas Money

Gas Money may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18468814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468814" title="WBNV">
WBNV

WBNV (93.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Soft Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Barnesville, Ohio, USA, the station serves the Wheeling area. The station is currently owned by W. Grant Hafley.

</doc>
<doc id="18468816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468816" title="Attawapiskat kimberlite field">
Attawapiskat kimberlite field

The Attawapiskat kimberlite field is a field of kimberlite pipes located astride the Attawapiskat River in the Hudson Bay Lowlands, in Northern Ontario, Canada. It is thought to have formed about 180 million years ago in the Jurassic period when the North American Plate moved westward over a centre of upwelling magma called the New England hotspot, also referred to as the Great Meteor hotspot.
Since June 26, 2008, the De Beers open pit Victor Diamond Mine has been in operation mining two pipes in the field at , about west of the community of Attawapiskat. The mine was expected to produce of diamonds a year.

</doc>
<doc id="18468843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468843" title="Third-party billing">
Third-party billing

Third-party billing is a form of billing where an intermediary handles the invoicing and payment between a purchaser and a vendor.
Telecommunications.
In telecommunications, it can refer to an operator-assisted telephone call, usually in conjunction with the assistance of a live or automated telephone operator. 
It can also refer to a service that allows consumers to make purchases through authorized merchants, service providers and telecommunications companies, and have charges placed directly on their local phone bill, as an alternate payment option. 
Third party billing serves nearly 12 million households in the United States, and handles hundreds of millions of authorized transactions for consumers and businesses each year. Several businesses, including Fortune 500 companies, choose to have their services included on their phone bills to reduce administrative needs and costs. 
Transportation.
In transportation, third party billing is the transference of transportation charges to a party other than the shipper or consignee.
Cramming.
Cramming happens when third party billing occurs on phones without consent of the person being billed. 

</doc>
<doc id="18468848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468848" title="WCHI">
WCHI

WCHI (1350 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a comedy format. Licensed to Chillicothe, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications.
History.
On November 12, 2012 WCHI changed their format from oldies to comedy.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18468855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468855" title="Sam Bellah">
Sam Bellah

Sam Bellah ("Samuel Harrison Bellah;" June 24, 1887 – January 9, 1963) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Metz, Monterey County, California and died in Oregon.
In 1908 he finished sixth in the pole vault competition, twelfth in the long jump event, and 17th in the triple jump competition.
Four years later he finished seventh in the pole vault event.

</doc>
<doc id="18468865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468865" title="WCHO (AM)">
WCHO (AM)

WCHO (1250 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an Oldies format. Licensed to Washington Court House, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Citicasters Licenses, L.P. and features programing from Clear Channel's Premium Choice "Cool Oldies" format. Likewise, the station's branding varies between "Cool Oldies" and "Classic Hits."
History.
The station went on the air as WCHO in February 1952. It became WOFR on 1983-06-27, then changed its callsign to WBUB on 1998-04-17, then back to WCHO on 1999-01-18, then to WMXV on 1999-11-05, then back to WCHO on 2000-10-23, then to WKSI on 2002-03-26, and back to the current WCHO on 2003-12-24.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18468870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468870" title="Green (Steve Hillage album)">
Green (Steve Hillage album)

Green is the fourth studio album by British progressive rock musician Steve Hillage. It was recorded primarily in Dorking, Surrey, and in London, and was produced and engineered by Nick Mason, of Pink Floyd fame.
The album entered the UK charts on 29 April 1978, where it stayed for 8 weeks, hitting a peak of number 30.
The cover features a distinctive "pyramid fish" design by John Michell - an English writer and painter with a particular interest in numbers and geometric shapes. His design is based around the medieval vesica piscis shape - the intersection between two equal sized circles where the centre of each lies on the circumference of the other. 
The Virgin catalogue number for this album on vinyl was V2098. 
The album was initially issued on see-through green vinyl, with later pressings on normal black vinyl. The green vinyl pressing also included a poster of Hillage superimposed on a mountain range, with the pyramid fish symbol superimposed on his face. Those green vinyl pressings also came with an insert with lyrics and additional album information.
The closing track, "The Glorious Om Riff", is a remake of the song "Master Builder" from the Gong album "You", which Hillage had a hand in composing with the other members of Gong.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
bonus tracks for CD release 2007
Musicians and Production.
for bonus tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="18468875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468875" title="Sensis Agency">
Sensis Agency

Sensis is a privately held, minority-owned and -operated precision advertising agency based in downtown Los Angeles, California. 
History.
Sensis was originally founded by José Villa in 1998 as Focus Multimedia, as a Web development firm. Villa began his career in management consulting with Mitchell Madison Group, later launching the Hispanic-focused Internet startup TuRumbo.com, before launching and growing Sensis into a full-service interactive agency. In July 2008, "Hispanic Business" magazine's ranking of the Fastest Growing Hispanic-Owned Companies ranked Sensis No. 1 in California and No. 13 nationally. "Inc." magazine ranked Sensis No. 329 on its 2008 "Inc. 500" list of America's fastest growing private companies. It ranked No. 21 in the top 100 businesses in the Los Angeles-Long Beach-Santa Ana, California area, and placed No. 26 in the top 100 advertising and marketing companies listed on the "Inc. 5,000" list.
Clients.
Sensis currently represents the U.S. Army, Sempra Energy, San Diego Gas & Electric, Southern California Gas Company, the California Lottery, L.A. Care Health Plan, UnitedHealthcare, the Cooperative of American Physicians, West Basin Water District, First 5 Santa Barbara County, White Memorial Medical Center, United Behavioral Health, Union Bank of California, Corona (beer) / Modelo, El Classificado, Stanislaus County, Versailles Restaurants (Los Angeles), Porto’s Bakery, Grand Central Market, The Walt Disney Company, Ad Council and the City of Patterson, California. Sensis has built Web sites, landing pages, online ads and provided other digital marketing and advertising services for FOX Entertainment, Johnson & Johnson, Masterplan, Inc., Southern California Edison and All Nippon Airways.

</doc>
<doc id="18468882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468882" title="Frank Coyle">
Frank Coyle

Frank Coyle ("Frank James Coyle;" November 2, 1886 – February 20, 1947) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Chicago, Illinois.
In 1912 he finished eighth in the pole vault event.

</doc>
<doc id="18468892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468892" title="WCHO-FM">
WCHO-FM

WCHO-FM (105.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. The station is licensed to Washington Court House, Ohio, in the United States. The station is currently owned by Citicasters Licenses, L.P. and features programing from ABC Radio and Premiere Radio Networks, as well as agriculture programming from the Agri Broadcast Network.
WCHO-FM's programming is simulcast on WSRW 1590 AM, licensed to Hillsboro, Ohio.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18468901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468901" title="Gippsland Lakes Discovery Trail">
Gippsland Lakes Discovery Trail

The Gippsland Lakes Discovery Trail is a 25 km rail trail in East Gippsland, Victoria, Australia, sometimes known as the Mississippi Creek Trail. 
It connects the East Gippsland Rail Trail to Lakes Entrance, much of it running through the Colquhoun State Forest. It follows the route of a former tramway used to transport granite from a quarry to Lakes Entrance. 
Work to build the trail was initiated in 2000 as part of a state wide Government program to expand the rail trail network, and it was fully completed in 2003. Its surface is gravel and crushed granite. Some sections of the trail are suitable only for mountain bikes or sturdy hybrid bikes.
Route description.
East Gippsland Rail Trail to Granite Quarry (5 km).
The trail commences at a junction with the East Gippsland Rail Trail beside Seaton Track in the Colquhoun State Forest. The Discovery Trail heads south on a narrow path through the eucalyptus forest, while the Rail Trail travels east-west on a wide clearing following the route of the former Orbost railway line.
The trail initially travels close to the route of Seaton Track, but their routes soon diverge and the trail continues south through isolated bush. The track surface is coarse stony gravel in this section, much of it formed from crushed granite from the quarry. Parts of the trail in this section are narrow, with some very steep grades, and should be approached with care. 
After 4 km the trail descends steeply to Quarry Road and travels beside this for a short distance, before offering a detour to the granite quarry near Mississippi Creek. This quarry is now abandoned, but operated during the first half of the twentieth century originally to provide granite used to build a permanent entrance to the Gippsland Lakes. This was to be a replacement for the timber pylons that had been used in the original construction of an entrance, but which had suffered much damage due to the marine toledo worm. There is a small viewing area and rest stop at the quarry. 
Granite Quarry to Log Crossing Picnic Area (Forestech) (7 km).
The main trail must be rejoined following the same short detour used to access the quarry. The trail in this section follows the route of the original Mississippi Creek Tramway which was constructed in the early 1900s and used until the 1930s to transport granite from the quarry to Lakes Entrance. This tramway closely followed the path of Mississippi Creek, and the Discovery Trail therefore takes the same route. 
The trail continues for 7 km before crossing Log Crossing Rd, where the Log Crossing Picnic Area provides a rest stop, including toilets and parking. The Forestech campus of the East Gippsland Institute of TAFE on the Princes Highway is approximately 2 km away from this point, and can be reached either via a narrow walking/cycling track, or via Log Crossing Rd.
Log Crossing Picnic Area to Lakes Entrance (13 km).
The trail continues south-south-east from the Log Crossing Picnic Area for 2 km until it meets Scrivener Rd; a parking bay is available at this location. The trail diverges from Mississippi Creek at this point, and trail users must travel about 100m east along Scrivener Rd before the trail recommences on the opposite side of the road at the foot of a steep hill.
The track travels alongside Scrivener Rd for 3 km, gradually turning north-east. Where Scrivener Rd meets the Lakes-Colquhoun Rd the track again turns south-south-east and travels along Lakes-Colquhoun Rd for about 5 km of generally flat to undulating road, before a final 3 km descent into Lakes Entrance. A very rough track is available beside the road for part of this route, but cyclists in particular are best advised to take the road itself. The Lakes-Colquhoun Rd joins the Princes Highway at the eastern end of the main Lakes Entrance shopping strip.

</doc>
<doc id="18468904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468904" title="Music Tapes for Clouds and Tornadoes">
Music Tapes for Clouds and Tornadoes

Music Tapes for Clouds and Tornadoes is an album by The Music Tapes, a project consisting mainly of Neutral Milk Hotel's Julian Koster, released in 2008 by Merge Records. Koster spent nine years recording the album using mainly antique hardware and such as a 1895 Edison wax cylinder recorder, a 1940's wire recorder, a "state of the art hard drive", and reel to reel tape recorders.

</doc>
<doc id="18468913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468913" title="Friend to Friend Masonic Memorial">
Friend to Friend Masonic Memorial

The Friend to Friend Masonic Memorial is a Gettysburg Battlefield monument depicting the "Armistead-Bingham incident"after Pickett's Charge in which Union Army Captain Henry H. Bingham assisted mortally-wounded Confederate Brigadier General Lewis Addison Armistead, both Freemasons. (It was said that "as he went down he gave a Masonic sign asking for assistance," although this is disputed. ) Although Armistead's sword was captured and later returned in 1906, Armistead entrusted other personal effects (i.e., spurs, watch chain, seal and pocketbook) with Bingham after Armistead was shot twice. En route to a Union field hospital on the Spangler Farm, where he would die 2 days later, Armistead briefly met Capt. Bingham, and after learning that he was on the staff of General Winfield Scott Hancock, a Freemason as well, he asked Bingham to pass along the items with a message to Hancock (see below). Having been wounded at about the same time, General Hancock, who was a "valued friend" of Armistead's from before the war, when they served together in the Federal army, would not see Armistead before he died.[http://www.gdg.org/Research/People/Armistead/armist1.html]
The initial record that documented this memorial's depiction had been written by 1870 when James Walker painted the "The Repulse of Longstreet's Assault at the Battle of Gettysburg"with "Armistead, mortally wounded, is seated on the grass, and is in the act of giving his watch and spurs to his friend, Captain Bingham." The Lewis A. Armistead marker was placed at the high water mark of the Confederacy in 1887, and Gettysburg (1993 film) dramatized the meeting (also at the location where Armistead fell): "Tell General Hancock for me that I have done him and you all an injury which I shall regret the longest day I live."[http://www.imdb.com/character/ch0174568/bio
Memorial description.
The sculpture depicts Bingham at the side of Armistead and has a plaque on the reverse with information regarding the dedication: "This monument is presented by the Right Worshipful Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons of Pennsylvania and dedicated as a memorial to the Freemasons of the Union and the Confederacy. Their unique bonds of friendship enabled them to remain a brotherhood undivided, even as they fought in a divided nation, faithfully supporting the respective governments under which they lived."

</doc>
<doc id="18468915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468915" title="Gordon Dukes">
Gordon Dukes

Gordon Dukes ("Gordon Bennett Dukes;" December 23, 1888 – August 1966) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kobe, Japan and died in Barcelona, Spain.
In 1912 he finished eighth in the pole vault event.

</doc>
<doc id="18468919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468919" title="Boechera sparsiflora">
Boechera sparsiflora

Boechera sparsiflora (formerly "Arabis sparsiflora") is a species of rockcress known by the common names sicklepod rockcress and elegant rockcress. It is native to western North America from California to Utah to Yukon, where it can be found in a number of habitats. This is a coarsely hairy perennial herb growing one or more thick stems from a caudex. The stem may branch or not and it reaches up to 90 centimeters in maximum height. The leaves vary in shape from linear to arrowhead-like and may or may not have toothed edges. They are usually hairy and up to 8 or 10 centimeters long. The raceme inflorescence bears a number of flowers with spoon-shaped petals about a centimeter long in shades of purple or pink. The fruit is a large, curved silique 6 to 12 centimeters long

</doc>
<doc id="18468924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468924" title="Zombie taxon">
Zombie taxon

In paleontology, a zombie taxon (plural "zombie taxa") or the zombie effect refers to a fossil such as a dinosaur tooth that was washed out of sediments and re-deposited in rocks and/or sediments millions of years younger. This basic mistake in the interpretation of the age of the fossil leads to its title. The discovered fossil was at some point mobile (or "walking") while the original animal or plant had long been dead. When this occurs the fossil is described as a "reworked fossil".

</doc>
<doc id="18468927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468927" title="The Manhattan Project (Ugly Betty)">
The Manhattan Project (Ugly Betty)

"The Manhattan Project" (also known as "Nights in Rome or Tucson") is the first episode in the third season, the 42nd episode overall, and the third season premiere of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on September 25, 2008.
Plot.
As the events of the previous episode passed, Betty's decision about whether to visit Rome with Gio or marry Henry had taken its toll on her. We learn (via a confessional to her mom's tombstone) that Betty refused Henry's wedding proposal and Gio's Rome date because she wasn't ready for a serious relationship and had to find out who she was. With time away from her two former love interests, Betty travels the country alone to gain experience and returns refreshed, along with an idea binder which outlines her goals: get more responsibilities at work, exclude love life as a priority, and get her own apartment. 
Unfortunately, as Betty returns to New York City, she discovers much has changed. First, there's a newly redesigned "Mode," done up in black, white and chrome fixtures, and the office is extremely cold. Marc and Amanda welcome back their favorite "frenemy," and of course, there's Wilhelmina as editor-in-chief. As Betty walks into a nursery for the unborn Meade (formerly Daniel's office), Wilhelmina punches a hole through the wall and tells the construction crew to put a window there.
Second, Daniel has been "kicked downstairs" to head up another Meade publication, a young men's magazine called "Player". Betty's job is plagued by Daniel Jr., who welcomes her by gluing her to her chair. Daniel makes light of the situation and wheels Betty into a meeting room, where she is greeted by a chorus of "boo"s from the male staff. Nevertheless, she gets assigned to head up the magazine's Harley motorcycle event. All goes well until DJ sprays Silly String on a model. Ever-resourceful Betty tells Daniel she will handle the situation by filling in for the injured biker. As she does, Betty spots Daniel Jr., who proceeds to spray more Silly String all over her helmet—resulting in a major catastrophe. Marc and Amanda, of course, are present to enjoy the hilarity. 
Third, Betty decides to get an apartment in the city, much to the chagrin of Papi and Hilda. Betty, with a very pregnant (and hungry) Christina at her side, goes apartment-hunting and is duped by a savvy real estate agent. A spacious flat with cheery yellow walls wins Betty over, but she makes up her mind a moment too late—someone else just signed the lease. Sensing Betty's naivete, the agent talks her into leasing another "great" place upstairs that turns out to be a filthy mess and has a "sexy view"... of an elderly nude couple. Later on, though, Betty's family saves the day by surprising her with their version of an Extreme Home Makeover. After her apartment is finished, Betty (who has made it a goal to hold off on relationships with guys) knocks on her neighbor's door to complain about loud music and meets Jesse, who is a very attractive guitar player. Betty walks back into her place with a wistful look in her eyes.
On Betty's return from vacation, she's proud to learn that Ignacio has a new job at Flushing Burger. Later on, she has the chance to meet Ignacio's boss, who turns out to be Kimmie Keegan, Betty's old nemesis from school! When Kimmie learns Ignacio is Betty's father, she starts treating him harshly, making him clean restrooms instead of cooking, then cutting back his hours. When Betty and Hilda confront Kimmie, Kimmie waste no time reviving the feud, leading to a food fight which results (among other things) in Betty's idea binder landing in the deep-fryer. Later on, though, Betty apologizes to Kimmie, who surprises her by admitting she's jealous of Betty's loving family, great job and city apartment. Kimmie makes things right by giving Ignacio his well-deserved job back.
In other scenarios, Claire's "Hot Flash" issue and its future has caused a rift within the Meade family, as Alexis reveals to Wilhelmina their plans to promote the debut cover on Times Square. However, Wilhelmina says she wants more money to promote Mode, which Alexis says she can't do at the moment. This frustrates Wilhelmina, and she decides Mode will be the priority. Later on, Alexis and Wilhelmina promote "Mode" on "Live with Regis & Kelly", but the interview takes a different twist when (as Wilhelmina planned all along) the hosts mock "Hot Flash" and read an article that trashes Alexis' appearance and discusses how she screwed Daniel by demoting him.
It also looks like Wilhelmina's plans to divide the Meades may be succeeding better than expected, as Claire scorns Alexis for killing "Hot Flash," saying she's just another puppet for Wilhelmina. This meltdown, along with a situation ending in Daniel yelling at Daniel Jr. for eating cake before dinner, would take its toll. Claire explains to Daniel about being a father and doing what he has to do; Daniel and his son (who cautiously emerges from his room, where he ran and hid) later talk and make up. Claire gets a call from her assistant, being told that Alexis will downsize "Hot Flash". Claire reminds her that Wilhelmina has not only pushed Daniel and her away, but she will make Alexis a fool too, warning her that it now leaves one more Meade to go.
Claire, sadly enough, is right. The following day at Times Square, Wilhelmina and Marc see the billboard cover of "Mode" and congratulate themselves on a job well done.
Production.
As its name already suggests, "The Manhattan Project" is the second episode in the series to be produced in New York City (the first being the Pilot).
The rumored working title for this episode was "Nights in Rome or Tucson". Filming began July 9, 2008.
Trivia.
"Previously on Ugly Betty" is not mentioned in this episode, we can hear Betty saying, "Last season on Ugly Betty"
Casting.
This episode marked the first for Rebecca Romijn as a recurring role, while it introduced one new recurring regular, Val Emmich as Jesse in his first episode. Kimmie (Lindsay Lohan) also appeared for the second time and more appearances are scheduled.
Continuity.
After Hilda complains that Betty wasted all her money in the apartment, she complaints about the "cost of gas", to which Betty replied "you don't have a car." However, in season 1, Hilda did have a car she used to sell Herbalux and was taken "hostage" by Justin so that Hilda and Betty can take him to Fashion Week. In season 2, Justin stole Hilda's keys and crashed the car.
Music.
"American Girl" by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
"Roam" by The B-52's
"Rump Shaker" by Wreckx-n-Effect
Reception.
In the BeeSight.com review it was stated: "There was a lot going on in tonight's episode. I was surprised that Gio and Henry only appeared in the opening sequence. I was hoping that Betty would have chosen Gio. I don't understand why Ignacio couldn't get a better job. I thought that he had his immigration status cleared up and he's obviously a fantastic cook, but having Lindsay Lohan as his boss sure makes things interesting. Daniel's new magazine seems like it will get boring fast. His new crew isn't as fun to watch as the Mode workers were. I'm glad Christina, Marc and Amanda still find ways to get involved, but they seem weird out of the workplace. I wasn't shocked to meet Betty's new neighbor. It always seems when characters want to avoid love, they're sure to find it".
Ratings.
While it did well in the US with a 6.6/11 among all households, a 3.3 among 18-49s, and 9.78 million viewers watching, it was down 12 percent from the second season opener but helped ABC will the night. However the entire Thursday night schedule among the major US networks were all down from the same time in the previous season.

</doc>
<doc id="18468932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468932" title="René Allio">
René Allio

René Allio (August 3, 1924, Marseille – March 27, 1995) was a French film and theater director. Some of the movies and theater plays he directed include:

</doc>
<doc id="18468934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468934" title="Bill Fritz (pole vaulter)">
Bill Fritz (pole vaulter)

Bill Fritz ("William Howard Fritz, Jr.;" March 22, 1892 – December 18, 1941) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Berwyn, Pennsylvania.
In 1912 he finished eighth in the pole vault event. He graduated from the Haverford School, Haverford PA, in 1909, and was inducted into the school's 2005-06 athletic hall of fame. At Haverford, Fritz received 12 Varsity Letters. He was the Football Captain, Gymnastics Captain for two years, and also participated in Baseball and Track. He held the Haverford pole vault record of 10 feet for over twenty years. He later attended Cornell University and played on the football team. In a game against Penn, Fritz scored the only three touchdowns in a 21-0 win over Penn, and did this all with a broken arm. He was selected by Walter Camp as 2nd team All-American halfback, and was drafted by the Chicago Bears, but chose to go into the army instead. Fritz was the 3rd generation owner of the William Howard Fritz Lumber Company, which opened in 1863, and still remains open and owned by Fritz's son, William H. Fritz III, and grandson, William H. Fritz IV, today. The William Howard Fritz Lumber Company is located in Berwyn, Pennsylvania. Fritz also owned a wholesale business in Philadelphia as a broker selling railroad cars of white pine to lumber companies in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland, Delaware, New York, and Ohio. 

</doc>
<doc id="18468935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468935" title="Jesse Helms Center">
Jesse Helms Center

The Jesse Helms Center, located in Wingate, North Carolina and named for its founder, U.S. Senator Jesse Helms, is a repository of Helms' papers, letters, speeches, transcripts of his televised editorials for WRAL-TV, books of faith, and a replica of his Senate desk and office. There are also campaign materials, such as polling information, walled editorial cartoons, and advertisements.
The center has a collection of elephants, the symbol of Helms' Republican Party, but Helms also had an interest in the animals since childhood. There is a "Free Enterprise Hall of Fame" within the center. Helms honors several individuals who were key influences in his life, including his father, Jesse Alexander Helms, Sr., the police and fire chief in nearby Monroe, North Carolina; the late U.S Senator Richard B. Russell of Georgia, and former U.S President Ronald W. Reagan. Between the first and second floors of the center is a timeline of various events in Helms' life. He posts headlines of his successful senatorial elections in 1972, 1978, 1984, 1990, and 1996. Helms is shown in photos with, all the presidents with whom he served from Richard M. Nixon to George W. Bush. There is a wall of world leaders. A hammock, a gift from Honduras, has Helms' name woven into the fabric. A large United Nations exhibit includes this quotation from Vice President Joe Biden: "Just as only Nixon could go to China, only Helms could fix the U.N.", a reference to Helms' reform initiatives regarding the world body.
Since 1995, the President of the Jesse Helms Center has been John Dodd. The organization is governed by a board of directors.
The Helms Center was established in 1994, after Helms rejected requests that his papers be left to an Ivy League university. He instead deposited the material with his home-county Wingate University, a private institution which he had once attended. In 2001, the center opened as a 3.3 million, two-story brick and glass structure situated next to the Wingate Town Hall.
"It's a first-rate collection," said William A. Link, chairman of the history department at the University of Florida in Gainesville: "Sometimes you get collections that have been sanitized. That's not the case with this collection. It's quite full and rich."
The Helms Center hosts a center-sponsored lecture series with such notable participants as former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, and the Dalai Lama of Tibet.
The center sponsors the annual Helms Foreign Relations School, which consists of two days of classes held near Washington, D.C. Helms and Nathaniel Macon, who is honored with an exhibit at the Helms Center, are the only North Carolina senators ever to chair the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="18468945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468945" title="The Wife of an Important Man">
The Wife of an Important Man

The Wife of an Important Man () is an Egyptian drama film directed by Mohamed Khan. Starring Ahmad Zaki and Mervat Amin, this film tells us the story of the rise and fall of a police officer, during the regime of Anwar El Sadat.
It received the Silver Award at the Damascus Film Festival in 1987, and was screened in competition at the 15th Moscow International Film Festival in 1987. Was also screened at the Montreal, Valencia, Tetouan, Digne, Istanbul and Nantes Film Festivals in 1987 and 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18468949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468949" title="WCJO">
WCJO

WCJO (97.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Jackson, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Jackson County Broadcasting, Inc. and features programing from Westwood One.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18468960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468960" title="Helianthus grosseserratus">
Helianthus grosseserratus

Helianthus grosseserratus, commonly known as sawtooth sunflower or thick-tooth sunflower
, is a perennial sunflower in the family Asteraceae, with a large flowering head (inflorescence). 
The plant may reach 3–12 feet (91–366 cm) in height and is found along streams, damp prairies and roadsides in the eastern parts of Canada and the USA. It prefers full sun and moist, fertile loamy soil with high organic content.
The lanceolate leaves are simple and alternate and may reach 4 to 12 inches (10–30 cm) long and from 1 to 4 inches (2–10 cm) wide. The leaf margins are sharply toothed (hence the name, "sawtooth") to occasionally nearly entire and the tips are pointed.
The head (formally composite flower) is 3 to 4 inches (7–10 cm) wide with golden-yellow disk flowers that bloom in summer and autumn. The 10-20 yellow petals are about 1.5 inches (3.81 cm) long. The fruit is a single achene within a husk.
Various insects, birds and mammals–including cattle–feed on either the plant or its seeds.
Native Americans used to treat burns with a poultice made from the flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="18468973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468973" title="Kazakhstan–South Korea relations">
Kazakhstan–South Korea relations

Kazakhstan–South Korea relations are the international relations between Kazakhstan and the South Korea.
Diplomatic relations between the two countries were established on January 28, 1992, shortly after Kazakhstan's independence. Bilateral relations have grown steadily since that time. Cooperation between the two nations has grown in political, economic, and educational spheres. The presence of 100,000 ethnic Koreans living in Kazakhstan (known as Koryo-saram) creates an additional link between the two countries. 
History.
South Korea and Kazakhstan formally established diplomatic relations in January 1992. Soon thereafter South Korea opened its embassy in Almaty, and in 1996 Kazakhstan opened its embassy in Seoul.
Kazakhstani president Nursultan Nazarbayev has made two official visits to South Korea, in 1995 and 2003. In 2004, South Korean president Roh Moo Hyun visited Kazakhstan. His successor, Lee Myung-bak, visited Kazakhstan in 2009. Low-level officials, including ministers and mayors, make regular visits between the two countries.
Economic relations.
Since independence, South Korea and Kazakhstan have witnessed deepening economics ties, as Kazakhstan has become South Korea's most important trading partner in Central Asia. Korean business have invested more than $2 billion in Kazakhstan, and South Korean investors have assets in more than 300 companies in Kazakhstan. Recently Kookmin Bank, one of South Korea's largest banks, purchased a 30% stake in Kazakhstan's CenterCredit Bank for about $634 million.
South Korea's major exports to Kazakhstan include automobiles, televisions, and other electronics. Kazakh exports primarily raw materials, including copper and zinc, to South Korea.
Korean companies are also involved in Kazakhstan's oil industry. The Korean Consortium of the Caspian Oil Project, which is led by the Korea National Oil Company and includes SK Corporation, LG International, Samsung, and Daesung Industrial, is involved in the development of the Zhambyl oil field, located in the Caspian Sea. Under the agreement, the consortium will own 27% of drilling rights, with the option to purchase up to 50% of the rights, depending on what is found after further exploration. The field is estimated to hold 1 billion barrels of crude oil.
In May 2009 the two countries signed an agreement for Korean investments in Kazakhstan's energy and technology sectors totaling over $5 billion. The agreement includes a $2.5 billion investment by South Korean companies in a new power plant in southern Kazakhstan. The two companies, Korea Electric Power Corporation and Samsung C&T will own 65% of the plant, which is scheduled for completion by 2014.
Cultural/educational relations.
In 2005 the Association for Kazakhstan Studies in Korea (AKSK) was founded in response to South Korean president Roh's visit to Kazakhstan. The association aims to improve bilateral relations between the two countries as well as improve academic study of the different ethnicities in Kazakhstan.
Koryo-saram.
In the late 1930s thousands of Koreans in the Soviet Union were deported to Central Asia, supposedly to prevent further Japanese espionage. These people are now known as Koryo-sarams. It is estimated that 100,000 ethnic Koreans still live in the territory of Kazakhstan. The presence of these ethnic Koreans helps to strengthen ties between the two countries.

</doc>
<doc id="18468976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468976" title="Garciaparra">
Garciaparra

Garciaparra is the surname of two brothers:

</doc>
<doc id="18468984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468984" title="Aglio">
Aglio

Aglio (Italian for "garlic") is a surname. People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18468999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18468999" title="Tim Hardin 3 Live in Concert">
Tim Hardin 3 Live in Concert

Tim Hardin 3 Live in Concert is a live album by folk artist Tim Hardin, released in 1968. It was re-issued on CD in 1995 by Polydor, and in 2006 by Lilith Record with four bonus tracks.
Reception.
In his review for Allmusic, music critic Richie Unterberger wrote "The support crew is a bit tentative; it's evident that they hadn't played much with Hardin, and in places the tempo comes close to breaking down. It's still a good, effective performance; Hardin is in good voice (a condition which apparently couldn't be readily counted on, even in his early days), and on the songs that had already been released on his first two albums, the arrangements vary from the recorded versions in interesting fashions."
Track listing.
All songs by Tim Hardin.

</doc>
<doc id="18469012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469012" title="Mike Dimkich">
Mike Dimkich

Mike Dimkich is the former rhythm guitarist for The Cult, and is currently in Bad Religion. He has played rhythm guitar with the band The Cult since 1993 (except for one tour in '95) whom he met while opening for them in 1989 when he played guitar with Steve Jones (of Sex Pistols and later Jonesy's Jukebox infamy). He played in the punk band Channel 3 starting in 1986, and made a record in 1995 with his band Suckerpunch. In 2009, he played on the Cheap Trick album "The Latest". In 2013 he left The Cult and joined Bad Religion to cover for guitarist Greg Hetson. James Stevenson replaced Dimkich as The Cult's guitarist.
Background.
He is of Serbian descent (Serbian surname: Димкић, "Dimkić"), hence his nickname "The Serb". He is an ultra-marathon runner and a competitive road cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="18469024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469024" title="The Light at the End of the Tunnel Is a Train">
The Light at the End of the Tunnel Is a Train

The Light at the End of the Tunnel Is a Train is UK indie-electro act Whitey's debut studio album. It features the singles "Leave Them All Behind" and "Non Stop". The album was released in the UK on March 21, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18469037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469037" title="Allio">
Allio

Allio is a surname. People with this surname include:
Allio may also refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18469043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469043" title="Greenhill, Camden">
Greenhill, Camden

Greenhill, London is an area of Hampstead in the London Borough of Camden in Greater London. The name is topographically derived.
The name was applied to a housing estate built here in 1869 and later to a block of flats built in 1904 and to the local "Greenhill Road".

</doc>
<doc id="18469046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469046" title="Clas Gille">
Clas Gille

Clas Thorulf Gille (May 1, 1888 – August 26, 1952) was a Swedish track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Luleå and died in Askim.
In 1912 he finished twelfth in the pole vault event.

</doc>
<doc id="18469058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469058" title="Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Light flyweight">
Boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Light flyweight

The Light Flyweight class in the boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics competition is the lightest class. Light flyweights were limited to those boxers weighing less than 48 kilograms (105.8 lbs).
29 boxers qualified for this category after the 2007 World Amateur Boxing Championships and 9 Continental Qualification Tournaments.
The only Olympic medalist to participate at the Beijing Games is the host country boxer, Zou Shiming, bronze at the 2004 Games and defending World Champion.
Like all Olympic boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals, so no boxers competed again after their first loss. Bouts consisted of four rounds of two minutes each, with one minute breaks between rounds. Punches scored only if the white area on the front of the glove made full contact with the front of the head or torso of the opponent. Five judges scored each bout; three of the judges had to signal a scoring punch within one second for the punch to score. The winner of the bout was the boxer who scored the most valid punches by the end of the bout.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)

</doc>
<doc id="18469061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469061" title="Eucrypta chrysanthemifolia">
Eucrypta chrysanthemifolia

Eucrypta chrysanthemifolia is a species of flowering plant in the waterleaf family known by the common name Spotted hideseed. It is native to the southwestern United States and adjacent Baja California, where it can be found in a number of habitats from coast to mountain to desert. 
This is one of two species of "Eucrypta", which are sticky, aromatic annual herbs. This species produces an erect to leaning stem well over half a meter-1.5 feet in maximum height. The leaves are roughly oval in shape but are intricately divided into many lobes which are subdivided into many smaller lobes, making the leaf lacy in texture. Leaves higher up on the stem have fewer dissections. 
The inflorescence holds a number of small flowers which droop as they grow heavier with the developing fruit. Each flower is less than a centimeter long and generally whitish in color. The fruit is a bristly capsule about 3 millimeters wide.

</doc>
<doc id="18469081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469081" title="Macedonian presidential election, 2009">
Macedonian presidential election, 2009

A presidential election was held in the Republic of Macedonia on 22 March 2009, at the same time as local elections; a run-off round was held on 5 April 2009. Gjorge Ivanov, the candidate of the center-right VMRO–DPMNE party, won the election in the second round. The incumbent president Branko Crvenkovski did not stand for re-election.
1,792,082 registered voters had the right to vote at the presidential and local elections in Macedonia. According to the electoral law, the president is elected if he wins the votes of the majority of the registered voters in the first round; or, simple majority of the votes in the second round, in which the turnout must be over 40% of the registered voters.
There was a poll held in January 2009, before any names of candidates for president were made official, according to which 31.2% of the Macedonian citizens would vote for the candidate to be proposed by conservative party VMRO-DPMNE while 11.4% would give their vote to the candidate of the Social Democratic Union of Macedonia.
On 25 January 2009, the strongest party in the Macedonian parliament, VMRO-DPMNE, appointed Gjorge Ivanov as the party's presidential candidate. On 26 January 2009, the biggest opposition party in the country, the Social Democratic Union of Macedonia, proposed the former Minister of Internal Affairs and former Minister of Foreign Affairs Ljubomir Frčkoski for presidential candidate. The other candidates were the independent Ljube Boškoski, New Democracy leader Imer Selmani, Nano Ružin from the Liberal Democratic Party, Agron Buxhaku of the Democratic Union for Integration and Mirushe Hoxha of the Democratic Party of Albanians, the only female candidate.
First round.
A poll from February 2009 saw Ivanov at 27%, Frčkoski at 13%, Boškoski at 10%, Selmani at 9% and other candidates together at 18%. In a run-off, Ivanov would win over Frčkoski with 36% to 21%, with a large number of undecideds, however. A poll from shortly before the election saw Ivanov leading with 23.1% before Selmani with 13.3% and Frčkoski at 9.7%; 23.9% were undecided. 
In the first round, Ivanov strongly led in front of the other candidates with 35%, with Frčkoski getting 20% and coming in second place and advancing to the run-off. New Democracy's Imer Selmani, who had been dubbed the "Macedonian Obama" for his ability to transcend the ethnic boundaries and appeal to ethnically Macedonian voters, as well, was by far the most successful candidate, gaining 15% of the vote and coming in third place, closely behind the independent Boškoski. 103 voting stations could not open due to heavy snowfall; voting was to be rescheduled there.
Nearly 7,000 Macedonian and 500 foreign observers monitored the vote at Macedonia's nearly 3,000 polling stations. A fair and democratic election has been seen as an important factor for Macedonia's induction to NATO and the European Union.
Run-off.
A new poll, that was held one week prior to the run-off, saw Ivanov in lead with 25.4% and Frčkoski at 13.8% (that is, 69% to 31% of decided voters).
Some days before the second round of the elections took place, VMRO-DPMNE and the Democratic Union for Integration agreed on supporting each other on both, the local and presidential elections. 
In part due to the existence of many voters in the registers who have left Macedonia years ago and live abroad, and in part due to the lack of motivation for ethnic Albanians to participate in the second round, there were fears that the minimum turnout of 40% might not be met in the second round, invalidating the election.
Results.
There was no decisive winner of the Presidential Elections in the first round which took place on 22 March 2009. A second round was held on 5 April 2009, in which the runners were the first two candidates from the first round – Gjorge Ivanov and Ljubomir Frčkoski. 
The voter turnout in the second round was 42.61%, slightly over the legally required minimum of 40%. 
Invalid ballots.
There was a significant number of invalid ballots in both rounds, 3.15% in the first round and even 5.87% in the runoff. According to media reports, this was due to voter apathy and disenchantment with the candidates. It is reported that there was a Facebook group "Vote for Chuck Norris" with thousands of fans. It was also reported that on thousands of ballots names like "Chuck Norris", "GOD", "Jimi Hendrix" or "George Bush" were hand-written by the voters.

</doc>
<doc id="18469088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469088" title="Payne Center">
Payne Center

The Payne Center is the University of Southern Mississippi's recreational sports center. The center houses high tech workout equipment as well as the offices of Recreational and Intramural sports. Southern Miss currently enjoys one of the highest intramural sports participation rates in the country among its students.
The building offers students extra incentives to work out by offering the "No Payne No Gain" program as well as offering a walking track suspended above the multi-use courts to provide a place to walk in inclement weather.
The Payne Center was donated from brothers Jimmy and Larry Payne.

</doc>
<doc id="18469097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469097" title="Maccabi Neve Sha'anan Eldad F.C.">
Maccabi Neve Sha'anan Eldad F.C.

Maccabi Neve Sha'anan Eldad F.C. () is an Israeli football club from the Neve Sha'anan neighbourhood of Haifa. The club currently plays in Liga Gimel Shomron.
History.
During his reserve duty in the IDF, Maccabi Neve Sha'anan player Eldad Regev was abducted by Hezbollah forces. From that moment on, the club printed on its shirts, "Eldad, we're waiting for you on the pitch." In his honour, the club is considering changing its name to Maccabi Eldad Haifa and out of respect of Regev's father, a religious Jew, they will move all games to Fridays before the Jewish Sabbath.

</doc>
<doc id="18469102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469102" title="Yerf World">
Yerf World

In on-line computer gaming, the Yerfworld can refer to two ages in the game of Myst.

</doc>
<doc id="18469105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469105" title="A Witch's Tale">
A Witch's Tale

"A Witch's Tale", released in Japan as , is a video game for the Nintendo DS. It was published by Nippon Ichi Software and developed by Hit Maker. The game was initially planned for a winter 2008 release, but was pushed back to October 2009.
Gameplay.
Gameplay consists of a mixture of battles and puzzle solving, as the player must complete certain tasks in order to proceed to the next world in the game. Battles are fought by having players correctly draw runes with the stylus on the Nintendo DS touch screen to attack enemies. Monsters appear randomly in the game and in certain situations such as boss battles. Players are given the opportunity to collect various dolls throughout the game, several of which are based upon the characters in the game. The dolls have the ability to launch attacks, give boosts to various stats, or heal the player depending on the type of doll. The dolls can become damaged, making repair necessary.
Plot.
The game's plot is set within several different worlds, many of which are loosely based upon various fictional characters and stories such as "The Little Mermaid", "The Wizard of Oz", and "Alice in Wonderland". Thousands of years prior to the start of the game, powerful witches existed below the surface of the earth in a world that was filled with darkness and decay. They soon grew jealous of the beautiful surface world and with the assistance of the Eld Witch, invaded the surface world. The ensuing battle was filled with violence and bloodshed, but was stopped after the mysterious and magical Queen Alice sealed the witches away by using their own rune magic against them. After the battle, rune magic was considered to be lost and forbidden.
Liddell is one of several young girls that are training at an academy to become a witch. She is, however, often scolded for her rude behavior and her attitudes towards the magic classes, which she views as inferior to ancient magics. After speaking with a classmate and the witch Babayaga, Liddell is informed of the whereabouts of a magic castle that potentially holds an ancient magic. She proceeds to the castle despite warnings from Babayaga, where she discovers the vampire Loue, whom she awakens after breaking into a nearby room in search of magic. The room actually contains a magic book containing the sealed Eld Witch, who takes Liddell's break in as a chance to escape. Liddell is then enlisted by Loue to go to seven different kingdoms and rescue the princesses in each one.
During the course of her travels Liddell learns additional rune magic as well as gains the ability to use dolls, one of which is her personal doll Dayna, to boost various stats and abilities, as well as to cast various magics. As she rescues each princess, Liddell is given their personal sigils. When combined, the six sigils will allow Liddell to travel to Alice's world and confront the Eld Witch. Various elements about Liddell's past and personality are revealed, such as Liddell's abandonment as a child, the resurgence of memories where she was rescued by what appears to be Queen Alice, and her admission that her desire to become the strongest witch stems from a belief that if she becomes strong that her mother will return to her. It's eventually revealed that the six kingdoms were created by Queen Alice as a form of added protection for the seal she placed on the Eld Witch, and that she also descended into the underworld to serve as a permanent watchman and guardian against any potential further action.
Liddell eventually manages to gather all six sigils and defeat the Eld Witch, but in the process is told that she must become the new "Queen Alice", essentially becoming a prisoner in the underworld. After the credits Liddell is woken by a classmate, causing her to dismiss the prior events as a dream. Meanwhile Queen Alice and Loue discuss Liddell's powers, the possibility that Liddell is a creature of the underworld, and plans to continue to monitor her in the future.
In a second replay additional content is unlocked that has Liddell traveling back in time and befriending a young girl named Anne. She is eventually revealed to be the Eld Witch before she became consumed with the need for revenge, as Queen Alice refused to reincarnate her daughters. After a second battle, the Eld Witch reverts to Anne and remembers her friendship with Liddell. Upset, Liddell wanders through a maze forest and comes across the Mad Hatter, who explains that death is not permanent in this world and it's possible she might see Anne in the future. Liddell then attends a tea party with the six princesses from each kingdom, where she gives Loue a spell book containing all of the rune magic she has learned, saying that she doesn't need it to become a powerful witch. In return he gives her a necklace that Liddell is showing to be wearing when she wakes up in her school's library, where she has lost her memories of the events of the game.
Development.
After releasing "Disgaea" and "Puchi Puchi Virus" for the Nintendo DS, NIS America announced in the summer of 2008 they would also remake ' and release a new game, "A Witch's Tale", in October of 2008. Nintendo Power described the game as an "action-RPG with a "The Nightmare Before Christmas"-esque art style" in their August 2008 issue, before they had a chance to play it. "A Witch's Tale" was developed by Hit Maker, known for ' and "Dragoneer's Aria" and is their first Nintendo DS game. According to Haru Akenaga, the President of NIS America, "A Witch's Tale" is targeting a North American audience.
Reception.
Critical reception for "A Witch's Tale" has been mixed to negative and the game currently holds a rating of 50 out of 100 metascore at Metacritic. Reviewers typically praised the game's story line while criticizing the game's battle system as "slow" and "lackluster". IGN commented that "for a game that starts off so strongly with its excellent theme, characters, visuals and audio, it just completely falls off in the critical category of actual gameplay" and that "getting to see and interact with any of the interesting elements means slogging through a whole lot of sluggish battles that really feel like the Plan B option we know they were".

</doc>
<doc id="18469120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469120" title="Yuko Ito">
Yuko Ito


</doc>
<doc id="18469137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469137" title="Domenico dell'Allio">
Domenico dell'Allio

Domenico dell'Allio (1505–1563) was an Italian architect. He is most known for his work in the Landhaus (Seat of Regional Government) of Graz (1557–1565).

</doc>
<doc id="18469157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469157" title="Field hockey at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team squads">
Field hockey at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team squads

Twelve national teams competed in the women's field hockey tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. Sixteen players were officially enrolled in each team. Two reserve players could also be nominated to be available should a player enrolled in the official team become injured during the tournament. Official team rosters were released by the FIH on 24 July 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18469166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469166" title="El Rodeo School">
El Rodeo School

El Rodeo School is a K-8 public school in the Beverly Hills Unified School District in Beverly Hills, California. It was founded in 1927 as El Rodeo de las Aguas. The school has an outstanding reputation in the Beverly Hills community for its excellent academic education as well as its widely recognized performing arts and technology programs. The school mascot is an eagle and official colors are red and white. Following graduation, El Rodeo students attend Beverly Hills High School.
Awards and recognition.
El Rodeo was named a California Distinguished School in 2006.
Newspaper.
"The Student News" is a full color newspaper published once a quarter. The first and third quarter classes produce a traditional newspaper with the following sections: news, entertainment, sports, interviews, polls and opinions, advice, comics, fun and games, and classifieds. Second and fourth quarter classes produce a comic book edition of "The Student News". During the class, students learn about print journalism and have the opportunity to research, write and edit their articles, perform layout responsibilities, and assist with the printing and distribution of the paper.
The course teaches students the basics of newspaper production. Students are introduced to journalistic terminology (e.g. masthead, headline, byline, caption, etc.) as well as careers, deadlines, types of stories, issues of objectivity and accuracy, writing and research skills, basic photography techniques, layout and design, and the publication process. 
The course is designed to prepare students to work on the student newspaper "Highlights" at Beverly Hills High School. Mr. Babcock is the adviser.
Broadcasting.
El Rodeo School is the only K-8 school in the BHUSD to offer broadcast journalism to its students. Each quarter, sixth grade students produce one episode of "The Student News", an award winning show featuring news and interviews concerning life at El Rodeo. Class members learn the elements of successful broadcasting techniques including presentation skills, cast and crew responsibilities, camera operation, lighting and sound, and basic video editing skills. They work on teams as directors, reporters, videographers, sound engineers, etc. The class has an anchor room and studio set for in-house recording sessions. A DVD is made of the final product which is distributed to classrooms for viewing. 
The course is designed to prepare students to work on the student-produced broadcast journalism show at Beverly Hills High School, a weekly 30-minute cable television program aired on KBEV (Channel 6) in Beverly Hills. Mr. Babcock is the adviser.
Yearbook.
El Rodeo School's award winning full color yearbook is the largest among the K-8 schools in BHUSD. El Rodeo was the first school in the district to offer a DVD yearbook and to have a class devoted to its production. It was also the first K-8 school in BHUSD to have a software-based student-produced yearbook. The El Rodeo yearbook received 1st place in the Ventura County Fair (2006 & 2007) and 2nd place in the Los Angeles County Fair (2007).
In this course, students design and publish the school yearbook during the fall semester and produce a yearbook DVD supplement during the spring semester. Class members create the yearbook ladder and learn about planning, deadlines, proofs, plant submissions, theme development, layout, graphic design, and digital photography. Students are assigned specific positions and responsibilities and are accountable for completing the pages and sections allocated to them in the yearbook. 
Students in the second semester yearbook focus their attention on the production of a yearbook DVD supplement which chronicles school activities and events in the latter part of the academic year. Class members utilize video software to create individual segments which are later merged into one. The DVD is then authored, duplicated, printed, and mounted in clear plastic sleeves on the inside front cover of the yearbook. The DVD is also presented in two special assemblies in the school auditorium near the end of school in June, an event which has quickly become a cherished tradition and one of the most highly anticipated assemblies of the entire academic year.
The course is designed to prepare students to work on the "Watchtower" staff at Beverly Hills High School. Mr. Babcock is the yearbook adviser.
Digital Art & Media.
This semester-long course is part of the El Rodeo 7th and 8th grade elective program. It introduces students to 2-D and 3-D digital art and animation, graphic art, web and game design, digital photography and video production. Students learn about the history of photography and cinema as well as major film genres. They explore the vocabulary and rhetoric of film as well as elements and principles of design. They also learn about stagecraft, choreography, composition, storyboarding, script writing, sound and lighting techniques, cast and crew responsibilities, careers, copyright issues, and the process of filmmaking from pre-production and production to post-production and exhibition. Additionally, students review and critique films, examining such topics as genre, period, style, mood, pacing, plot, and character development.
During the course, students utilize digital video and still cameras, tripods, and other equipment. They learn how to capture, export, and edit video, create special effects, author DVDs with menus, and produce soundtracks and sound effects. 
Students also utilize 2-D and 3-D software to create spectacular specimens of digital and graphic art. Outstanding and representative works are displayed throughout the school as well as the Gallery of Digital Art in the cafeteria. Recent class field trips have included Sony Imageworks, Rhythm & Hues Studios, and a behind the scenes tour of The Beverly Hilton, site of the Golden Globe Awards. 
The course is designed to prepare students for photography, broadcast journalism, digital art, graphic design, and other multimedia and technology oriented classes at Beverly Hills High School. John is in this class. Mr. Babcock is the adviser.
Performing arts.
Dr. Kay is the orchestral and Band director.
Athletics.
Coach Bill Smith is the head of the El Rodeo Athletics Program.

</doc>
<doc id="18469170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469170" title="El Tejon Unified School District">
El Tejon Unified School District

The El Tejon Unified School District serves kindergarten-through-12th-grade students in the Mountain Communities of the Tejon Pass, which include Frazier Park, Lebec, and Pine Mountain Club in the southern mountains of Kern County, California. Lockwood Valley is part of the district even though it is within Ventura County, and Gorman students (in Los Angeles County) are accepted into the high school by special permit.
Administration.
Rodney Wallace is district superintendent. 
Schools.
Grades K-8.
Frazier Park Elementary School educates children in kindergarten through third grade. El Tejon Middle School in Lebec takes district students from the fourth through the eighth grade.
Frazier Mountain High School.
Frazier Mountain High School, also in Lebec, was founded in 1995 for ninth- through 12th-graders.
Academics.
The Frazier Mountain High School curriculum offers college prep, honors and advanced placement (AP) courses. Beginning in the fall of 2013, they also began offering dual enrollment courses for English and Chemistry. Students enrolled in these courses receive both college credit and credit toward high school graduation. The school also hosts a "school within a school" via a California Partnership Academy, which accommodates the needs of both "at-risk" students and those who are college bound in team-oriented learning, project-based instruction and cross-discipline thematics.
Activities.
Clubs and activities include art, baton, cheer, California Scholarship Federation, drumline, Future Farmers of America, Friends of Rachel, Student School Ambassadors, and others.
Athletics.
Frazier Mountain High School belongs to the High Desert League in the Central Section of the California Interscholastic Federation. Prior to fall 2013, the school and the High Desert League had competed in the Southern Section of the CIF. The teams, known as the Falcons, compete in baseball, basketball, football, golf, soccer, softball and volleyball. 2013 proved to be a stellar year for FMHS athletics. The 2013 Varsity Football team and the 2013 Varsity Softball team both made it to the first round of playoffs. The 2013 Varsity Girl's Soccer team finished league 10-0 and contended in playoffs. The 2013 FMHS baseball team finished their league play undefeated and won the High Desert League championship for the first time in the school's history. Additionally, the baseball team made it to the third round of playoffs before they were defeated.
Robotics.
In 2001, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration awarded the school a sponsorship to compete in a robotics competition. Then in 2004 it won a robotics competition in Southern California. In 2013, the FMHS Robotics team "Snobotics" placed 2nd at the 2013 LA Regional competition.
'Intelligent design' class.
In 2006, Frazier Mountain High School received national attention in the case "Hurst et al. v. Newman et al." when eleven parents sued the district for its scheduling an intersession course on "The Philosophy of Design." The class, taught by Sharon Lemburg, who was married to an Assembly of God pastor, was criticized for bringing intelligent design creationism into the class. Lemburg was accused by Ken Hurst, one of the parents who filed the lawsuit and is a researcher at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in La Canada, for falsely including him and Nobel Prize winner Francis Crick (who had been dead for two years) as lecturers on the syllabus presented to the Board of Trustees. The suit was settled out of court when the school district agreed that no school "shall offer, presently or in the future, the course entitled 'Philosophy of Design' or 'Philosophy of Intelligent Design' or any other course that promotes or endorses creationism, creation science, or intelligent design."
Missing student body funds.
On October 14, 2009, the school board heard the results of an audit of the books of the Associated Student Body organization for the school year 2008-2009, when revenues were $224,012 from dances, a student store, and athletic events and expenses were $201,301. The audit was ordered after two students complained about what they said were missing funds amounting to about $10,000. It found a deficiency in the student books and "lack of controls," County Assistant Superintendent of Schools Mark Fulmer told the board.
In the wake of an investigation by Jason Kaff of the Kern County Superintendent of Schools office, School District Board Chairman Anita Anderson told an "Enterprise" reporter in June 2010 that "Kids raised the money and then the money was used for other purposes." But the school district put new procedures in place to avoid irregularities in the future, the newspaper reported, "such as taking regular inventories in the student store, immediately counting and filing cash reports signed by two people following fundraising events, reconciling bank statements . . . and keeping mandated files of signed minutes to document that Student Body members agreed to purchases."
Student walkout.
About two hundred high school students staged a walkout from their classes on January 25, 2011, to protest the layoff of bus driver Jesus (Chuy) Saldana after a parent complained that the bus he was driving rolled backward and caused her to run over her son's foot with her car. "They chanted, 'Chuy, Chuy,' and interviewed with local and television media before the media was shooed away by administrators." "The Mountain Enterprise" contacted the California Newspaper Publishers Association about the alleged interference with the media and was told that the students have the right to "speak to the media and express their opinions."
Charter schools.
Frazier Park hosts a branch of the Charter Oaks Community Charter School, headquartered in Bakersfield. The charter school is designed to "provide opportunities, support, and accountability for parents in their homeschooling endeavors." 
Pine Mountain Learning Center is a district-sponsored charter school 3.5 miles west of Pine Mountain.
Home schooling.
Home schooling is important in the Mountain Communities, according to a March 2008 report in the local weekly newspaper, "The Mountain Enterprise," which added:
Per capita, the Mountain Communities may have one of the highest rates of homeschooling in the state, far above the national average of 2 to 4 percent, Holly Van Houten . . . home-school parent of the area said. Estimates range between 8 and 30 percent—somewhere between 100 and 400 children, she reports.

</doc>
<doc id="18469183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469183" title="Catan Dice Game">
Catan Dice Game

Catan Dice Game is a German-style board game, developed by Klaus Teuber and published in 2007 by Catan GmbH and its licensors, Kosmos in Germany and Mayfair Games in English-speaking countries. It is a dice game re-imagining of Teuber's most notable title, "Settlers of Catan". "Catan Dice Game" can be played by any number of players, but is ideally suited for up to four. A variation, known as "Catan Dice Game Plus", is freely available from the "Catan" website, whose gameplay is closer to its "Settlers" origins.
Gameplay.
Gameplay is similar to that of "Yahtzee", where six specially-marked dice representing resources can be rolled up to three times, with the player being able to choose which dice to keep between rolls. After the player stops rolling, they may invest their resources to build roads, knights, settlements, and cities; each of these having differing resource requirements. Roads must extend from a starting point, which the cities and settlements (which must be built in increasing order of point value) must connect. Knights may be used to unlock "resource jokers", which allow the outcome of one die to be set to a specific resource after the dice have been rolled.
For each road, settlement, knight, or city completed, points are awarded - however points are deducted if a player is unable to build anything on a turn. The player with the most points after 15 turns is declared the winner.

</doc>
<doc id="18469188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469188" title="Jeff Smith (baseball)">
Jeff Smith (baseball)

Jeff Smith (born June 17, 1974) is a coach in the Minnesota Twins' organization. He currently manages their Double-A Eastern League affiliate, the New Britain Rock Cats.
Playing career.
Smith was selected as a catcher by the Twins in the twentieth round of the 1995 Major League Baseball Draft out of Stetson University, and played at various levels within the organization from - . Smith also played minor league ball with the Boston Red Sox in , and the Texas Rangers in 2003 and until major left knee surgery after the 2004 season ended his career. He has no Major League experience.
Coaching.
Smith accepted his first coaching job as hitting coach of the Gulf Coast League Twins before the start of the season. He was promoted to manager of the Beloit Snappers, the Twins' Midwest League Single-A affiliate the following year. He guided the Snappers into the post-season both seasons at the helm, compiling a 153-125 record for a .550 winning percentage. He was named "Baseball America" Class A Manager of the Year in 2007.
Fort Myers Miracle.
In , Smith was promoted again to the Twins' advanced-A affiliate, the Fort Myers Miracle. In his first half season managing the Miracle, they captured the Florida State League first-half West Division title with a 45-24 record, tying the franchise record set in for wins in a half season. In the FSL Western division playoffs, the Miracle swept the second half winning Dunedin Blue Jays in two games to capture their first division crown since . They lost the championship series to the Daytona Cubs in four games.
In Smith's second season as manager, the Miracle achieved a franchise first by capturing both the first and second half division crowns in the Florida State League's newly realigned South Division. They faced the Charlotte Stone Crabs, who finished second both halves, in the South Division Finals. Despite a 14-6 regular season record against the Stone Crabs, the Miracle lost in three games to Charlotte. On August 31, Jeff Smith was honored as the FSL’s Manager of Year. Following the season, he replaced Tom Nieto as manager of the Rock Cats. Nieto will be managing the triple A Rochester Red Wings.
New Britain Rock Cats.
Smith's success in the Florida State League did not carry over to the Eastern League, as the Cats narrowly avoided a hundred losses (44-98) his first season at the helm, and had the worst record in Minor league baseball. His struggles would continue on through the next 2 seasons as the Cats would miss the playoffs by 1 game in each of those season, 2013 brought even worse struggles as the Rock Cats finished in 5th place with a record of 66-76. Smith would be brought back for his 5th season with the Rock Cats in 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="18469189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469189" title="Greengates">
Greengates

Greengates is a small suburban area in the north-east of the city of Bradford, West Yorkshire, in England.
The area is bordered by Idle and Thackley to the north-west, and the large council estate known as Thorpe Edge to the west. To the south of Greengates is Ravenscliffe housing estate with the village of Eccleshill beyond that. The village of Apperley Bridge lies to the north. To the east in the Leeds Metropolitan District is the village of Calverley.
History.
To the west of Greengates is Albion Mills a historic textile mill, destroyed by fire on 10 March 1911 but evidently rebuilt.
In 1931 the Bradford trolleybus routes were extended from Idle to Greengates
with the service running along Albion Road and Leeds Road.
In 1928 a purpose built 595 seat cinema 'Greengates Cinema' was constructed on New Line.
This closed in 1959 and is now an Asda supermarket.
Governance.
Greengates is situated largely in the Idle and Thackley ward and partly in the Eccleshill ward.
It is represented as part of the parliamentary constituency of Bradford East.
Economy.
Greengates' proximity to the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, which runs through Apperley Bridge to the north of the village, has meant that Greengates has several mills.
At the western end is Robin Mills and Albion Mills.
Robin Mills was a base for manufacturing knitting wool yarns but is now split into industrial units.
A large part of Robin Mills is occupied by Storey Evans, carton, leaflet, label etc. printers for the pharmaceutical industry.
Albion Mills is split into office accommodation and business units.
There is the racing car themed Speedmaster Conference Centre, until recently notable for its classic, competition and racing car showroom and exhibition.
The centre was opened in April 2008 by Sir Stirling Moss.
On New Line is the New Line Retail Park with a Subway.
Eastwards between Harrogate Road and New Line in Greengates Retail Park is a Sainsbury's, Homebase, Matalan, Blockbuster, Costa, and KFC.
Existing historic public houses in the area include The Albion and The Hogs Head.
The Seven Stars is now an Italian restaurant and The Roebuck demolished to make way for a new Farmfoods store.
The area also has a number of Asian restaurants.
Landmarks.
The area is centred on the crossroads of Leeds Road/New Line, and Harrogate Road. Around this crossroads are most of the area's pubs, restaurants and shops, a Sainsbury's supermarket, Homebase and Matalan.
Another feature is the large war memorial* situated at the crossroads, which commemorates those who died in World War I and World War II from Greengates and the surrounding villages.
On Harrogate Road to the north of the main crossroads there is a large Anglican church dedicated to St. John the Evangelist.
Also along this stretch of Harrogate Road is the post office and Optegra Yorkshire Eye Hospital.
There are a number of listed buildings in Greengates.
These are to be found at Beck Bottom,
Carr Bottom Rd,
Haigh Hall,
Harrogate Road,
New Line
and Stockhill Fold.
Education.
Greengates has its own primary school, Greengates Primary School, which moved northwards out of an older building on Leeds Road, to a new building across the road.
The old school building has now been transformed into fashion business premises.
Parkland Primary school, immediately behind Albion Mills, also serves Greengates and the neighbouring Thorpe Edge estate.
Transport.
The following bus services run to Greengates;
62: (Centrebus) Cross Green - Greengates via Leysholme and Pudsey,
90: (First Leeds) Leeds Duncan Street - Greengates via Whitehall Road and Troydale,
645: (First Bradford) Buttershaw - Greengates via Five Lane Ends,
670: (First Bradford) Leeds - Bradford via Greengates,
760: (Transdev in Keighley) Leeds - Keighley via Bingley and Saltaire,
747: (Centrebus) Direct Bradford - Leeds Bradford Airport and
947: (TLC Travel) Bradford Forster Square - Yeadon Westfield Estate.
The A657 Leeds Road / New Line runs east-west through Greengates while the A658 Harrogate Road runs approximately north-south.
Greengates has no rail station with the nearest being Shipley although there are plans to open a station at Apperley Bridge in the near future.
The nearest airport to Greengates is Leeds Bradford Airport which can be accessed by bus service 747.

</doc>
<doc id="18469196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469196" title="CTfastrak">
CTfastrak

CT"fastrak", known previously as the New Britain-Hartford Busway, is a bus rapid transit line currently under construction between Union Station in Hartford and downtown New Britain, in central Connecticut, USA. The project officially broke ground on May 22, 2012, and is expected to be operational in early 2015. The CTfastrak dedicated roadway transit project was selected as the most cost-effective means to relieve congestion on I-84 between Hartford, West Hartford, Newington and New Britain. The 9.4-mile line is projected to cost $569 million, of which more than two-thirds ($400 million) is being paid for with federal grants.
Service plan.
Connecticut's first Bus Rapid Transit system is set to follow the route of an abandoned rail right-of-way (the "Newington Secondary") from downtown New Britain to near the former Newington Junction station. It will then run parallel to the current Amtrak rail line. Other public bus routes may enter the dedicated bus roadway at various points to speed their trip to downtown Hartford. Sixteen new or rehabilitated bridges will support the CTfastrak route, and the project will include a new access road for Amtrak maintenance vehicles, as well as a five-mile multi-use trail between New Britain and Newington. Along much of its length, CTfastrak will be constructed as a grade-separated limited-access highway.

</doc>
<doc id="18469219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469219" title="Kazuo Hayashi">
Kazuo Hayashi


</doc>
<doc id="18469235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469235" title="Sir Edmund Turton, 1st Baronet">
Sir Edmund Turton, 1st Baronet

Sir Edmund Russborough Turton, 1st Baronet, JP, DL, MP (1 November 1857 – 8 May 1929), also known as 'Edward Rusborough Turton', was a British Conservative Party politician.
He was an unsuccessful candidate in the Richmond division of the North Riding of Yorkshire at the 1892 and 1895 elections. He finally entered the House of Commons twenty years later, in 1915, when he was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Thirsk & Malton division. His predecessor had inherited a peerage, and Turton was returned unopposed at the resulting by-election.
He was appointed Chairman of the North Riding Quarter Sessions in 1898, a position that he held until at least 1926. He was a Member of the Speaker's Conference on Electoral Reform 1916-17; the Royal Commission on London Government, 1921–23; and of the Royal Commission on Local Government, 1923–25.
He held the seat until his death at the age of 71, three weeks before the 1929 general election, when a relative, Robin Turton, was elected to succeed him.
In 1926 Turton had been created a baronet, of Upsall in the County of York, a title which became extinct on his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18469246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469246" title="Downtown New Britain (CDOT station)">
Downtown New Britain (CDOT station)

Downtown New Britain Station, located at 327 Main Street, will be the New Britain bus station site of the CTfastrak route. It is also the largest bus station on the CTfastrak route.
References.
Official CTfastrak Web site

</doc>
<doc id="18469294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469294" title="Natipong Sritong-In">
Natipong Sritong-In

Netipong Srithong-In (Thai เนติพงษ์ ศรีทองอินทร์) or "Alfred" is a former Thai football player. He is a famous Striker who scored 25 goals for the Thailand national team. He played for Thailand national team since 1995-1997 He played for Thailand in the 1996 AFC Asian Cup finals. in year 1999 Netipong bored playing football and turn to take good sport way Golf.

</doc>
<doc id="18469297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469297" title="Carmel School Digwadih">
Carmel School Digwadih

Carmel School, FRI, Digwadih is managed by the members of The Order of the Brothers of Our Lady of Mount Carmel or Carmelites. The school is affiliated to the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE). It has a motto of "Upward Onward".
History.
January 7, 1955 saw the beginning of the Little Convent within the colony of the F.R.I. in a little house called “Hill Bungalow”. It was through the negotiation of Sister Clarissa with Rev. Fr. Jacque and Fr. Sharp that laid the first step to the foundation of the Apostolic Carmel in Digwadih.
On 7 January 1955 four sisters – Mother Violette (first Superior of Carmel Convent and first Head Mistress of Carmel School), Sister Terese, Marie Helene and Rosaline, arrived for the foundation of Carmel Convent and School, Digwadih. The correspondence of Directors of F.R.I. Dr. Whiltaker and Dr. Lahiri with Fathers Jacque and Sharp brought about the acceptance of invitation to start a school in the F.R.I. Colony for the education of girls in Digwadih. The Sisters received support from Mani, the administrator, and Mr. Mahadevan, a member of the school committee.
The next step was to take over the existing school in the colony, conducted by F.R.I. staff. Four lay teachers on the staff managed classes I – III (20 children). The classes were conducted in one of the F.R.I. Bungalows. Thanks to F.R.I., who together with the donations from the public laid the foundation for a school building on their own land within the colony and saw to its completion in June 1957. The spacious school building could accommodate 400 children ( classes I – VII ).
In 1996, the uneven forest land in the High School had been levelled and extended. Friends from the Tatas and the B.C.C.L. made it possible.
In December 1997, an open air programme was organized on the new levelled playground.
The school is under the ICSE Board, New Delhi. It has obtained the Minority Rights.
Social concern.
It has a regular Hindi School for the underprivileged children. They also have ‘Each one, teach one’ Project, helped by the students of Class IX of Carmel School Digwadih.

</doc>
<doc id="18469300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469300" title="Southern Miss Golden Eagles softball">
Southern Miss Golden Eagles softball

The Southern Miss Golden Eagles is a softball team that reformed in 1999, based at the University of Southern Mississippi, Hattiesburg, Mississippi, United States. 
Since reforming, the Lady Eagles have gone to two Women's College World Series games and made three consecutive postseason appearances. Since that time, the team has also won three Conference USA Championships as well as putting out three All-Americans with Courtney Blades, Amy Berman and Auriel Jenkins. During Courtney Blades' time at Southern Miss, she had set many NCAA Women's softball records (including strikeouts in a season). Although many of her records such as strikeouts in a season have fallen, some still remain standing.

</doc>
<doc id="18469306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469306" title="Hot Ticket">
Hot Ticket

Hot Ticket was a syndicated movie review and entertainment television program from 2001 to 2004. The half-hour show was hosted by Leonard Maltin and Todd Newton during its first season, and by Maltin and Joyce Kulhawik in seasons 2 and 3. It was distributed by Paramount Domestic Television. The show featured MTV-style fast cutting. For each movie, the hosts voted Hot or Not with red or blue cards. The show featured film reviews, showing and rating trailers, DVD recommendations, general discussions about film, and short interviews with actors about their upcoming roles.

</doc>
<doc id="18469324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469324" title="Iain Ward">
Iain Ward

Iain Campbell Ward (born 13 May 1983) is an English footballer who played in the Football League for Grimsby Town.
Career.
Ward was born in Cleethorpes, Lincolnshire. He joined the youth system at Grimsby Town at the age of 12, and worked his way through to the first-team squad by Lennie Lawrence towards the close of the 2000–01 season. He made his debut a year later, in the last Division One match of the season, a 3–1 defeat away to Millwall on 21 April 2002.
He was given a 12-month contract in June 2002, and went on to feature 14 times for The Mariners in all competitions before being released at the end of the 2003–04 campaign. When he received no offers from League clubs, he decided to start a degree course in Grimsby, and signed for nearby Brigg Town, newly promoted to the Northern Premier League First Division, on a semi-professional basis. Ward left Brigg Town after four years with the club at the end of the 2007–08 season.
Ward's younger brother Andrew also played for Grimsby Town's junior teams.

</doc>
<doc id="18469341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469341" title="San Salvador, Paraguay">
San Salvador, Paraguay

San Salvador is a district of the Guairá Department, Paraguay.
It is located in 18 kilometers southwest of Villarrica, the capital of the department, over the old train rails. It's also known as the former Borja station.
The activities of the inhabitants are agricultural and cattle growing.
Patronal Celebrations.
Every January 6 the streets are decorated and the people gets ready for the Mass directed by the Bishop of the Villarrica Dioceses. Every year the people celebrate the party honoring its saint patron Child Savior of the World. His image could be found in the church of the same name.
The novena starts December 28, and every neighborhood has in charge the celebration of one day of Mass. During the nine days are made bullfights, followed by a gala party honoring the saint patron.
When the Mass is finished, the image of the saint patron travels in the procession throughout the city.
Area.
This district has an area of 14 square kilometers, with a total population of 3,483 inhabitants and a population density of 24.88 inhabitants per square kilometer.
Hydrography.
The following streams flows through the district:
Demography.
The main social-demographic indicators in the district says:
Population with unsatisfied basic needs in:
Economy.
The inhabitants in this district are involved in the cultivation of wheat, sugar-cane, tobacco, cotton and grapes. Also stock-breeding of cows, sheep, pigs and horses.
Roads and communication.
His most important terrestrial communication is the Route 8 "Doctor Blas Garay", that connects it with the city of Villarrica, capital of the Department, and with Asunción and other locations of the department and the country. The other internal roads are terraced making easier the intercommunication between the districts.
Has the telephonic services from Copaco and mobile telephony, besides various communication media and the journals from the capital of the country.
The district have modern buses to travel to the capital of the country and to the other departments. To the internal trips have buses of less capacity.
How to get there.
From Asunción you have to follow the Route 2 "Mariscal José Félix Estigarribia" until the city of Coronel Oviedo. There taking the detour of the Route 8 "Doctor Blas Garay" you get to the city of Mbocayaty, following the same route you get to the city of Villarrica, capital of the department, and 12 kilometers to the south and taking a non-asphalted road traveling 16 kilometers more you'll get to San Salvador.
Population.
According to the data provided by the General Office of Statistics, Polls and Census, this is the data of the San Salvador district:
Being 75.44% of the population settled on the rural zone.
Qualified colonies.
This colonies were qualified by the INDERT.
Outstanding citizens.
In this city was born the former President of Paraguay, Andrés Rodríguez, who deposed Alfredo Stroessner, the dictator that had governed the country for 35 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18469363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469363" title="The Christ Hospital">
The Christ Hospital

The Christ Hospital is a 555-bed, not-for-profit acute care facility in Cincinnati, Ohio, offering services in cardiovascular care, spine treatment, women’s health, major surgery, cancer, behavioral medicine, orthopaedics, emergency care, kidney transplant and others. The Christ Hospital is consistently recognized by U.S. News & World Report as one of the nation’s top 50 hospitals in several categories.
The location of the hospital, upon one of the highest points in Hamilton County, affords a view of the Cincinnati basin below. 

</doc>
<doc id="18469379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469379" title="Abdurrahim Al Murbati">
Abdurrahim Al Murbati

Abdurrahim Al Murbati is a citizen of Bahrain who has been held in extrajudicial detention
in Saudi Arabia since June 2003.
The "Gulf Daily News" reported on July 7, 2008 that Al Murbati had been held in
Haer prison south of the Saudi capital Riyadh.
His son Osama had been allowed regular visits to him, until recently, when he was told his father had been moved.
Saudi authorities had withheld Al Murbati's current location.
Abdurrahim Al Murbati is the brother of former Guantanamo captive Issa Al Murbati.
On September 21, 2008 the Bahrain Human Rights Watch Society launched another appeal for the release of Al Murbati and Khalil Janahi.
The "Gulf Daily News" reported that the two men had recently been transferred to a prison in Damman, in eastern Saudi Arabia, nearer to Bahrain.
On August 2, 2010, "Newsblaze" speculated that Saudi officials had not complained about a recent incident where Bahraini police had been recorded beating a Saudi citizen because Saudi Arabia did not want to explain its detentin of Al Murbati, Khalil Janahi and Abdullah Al Nuaimi.
"Newsblaze" noted that Al Murbati's family were not being allowed to see him.

</doc>
<doc id="18469382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469382" title="Bakir Izetbegović">
Bakir Izetbegović

Bakir Izetbegović (born 28 June 1956) is a Bosnian politician. Izetbegović is a member of the Party of Democratic Action and son of the late Bosnian president, Alija Izetbegović. In 2010, he was elected to be the Bosniak member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Early life and education.
He went to primary and secondary school in Sarajevo where he also graduated from the Faculty of Architecture at the University of Sarajevo in 1981.
Career.
From 1982 to 1992 Izetbegović worked as a consultant at an architectural consulting firm. He entered politics in 2000 and after serving in two regional assemblies was elected to the Parliament of Bosnia and Herzegovina in 2006. In May 2009, he was defeated in an inter party election when he challenged the incumbent president of the Party of Democratic Action for leadership. 
Election.
On 3 October 2010 Izetbegović was elected to the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina as the Bosniak member. Izetbegović came in first in a field of nine candidates with 35% of the vote. The runner up, Fahrudin Radončić won 31% of the vote while incumbent Haris Silajdžić won 25%. Six other candidates split the remaining 9% of the votes cast.

</doc>
<doc id="18469390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469390" title="Greg Hutchison">
Greg Hutchison

Greg Hutchison (born 13 June 1957) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with and coached Melbourne in the AFL.
Hutchison came to Melbourne from the Chelsea Football Club and appeared sporadically for the Demons during the late 1970s and early 1980s. Much of his football was played in the reserves but he managed 96 senior games, as a utility. 
From 1986 to 1989, Hutchison coached in the VFA with Prahran, steering them to the 1987 second division premiership and in 1997 was put in charge of Melbourne after their coach Neil Balme was sacked mid-season. His side won three of the 13 games that he coached that year and when he wasn't reappointed to the position the following season he joined Richmond as an assistant coach. In 2008 he was announced as the coach of the Casey Scorpions. He currently holds the position of Football Manager at the St.Kilda Football Club. He was the last former player to coach Melbourne until Todd Viney took over as an intern coach in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18469399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469399" title="Southern Miss Golden Eagles basketball">
Southern Miss Golden Eagles basketball

The Southern Miss Golden Eagles basketball program represents intercollegiate men's basketball at the University of Southern Mississippi. The school competes in the Conference USA in Division I of the NCAA and plays their home games at Reed Green Coliseum, which has a capacity of 8,095.
History.
From its first season (1912–13), when Coach R. G. Slay led the team to a 3-0 record, the men's basketball team has enjoyed its share of success. Coach A. B. Dillie took over coaching duties the following year. The Golden Eagles have appeared in the NAIA National Tournament four times in a row (1952, 1953, 1954 and 1955). Southern Miss had a 2–4 record in the NAIA Tournament.
Over the 12 years, the Golden Eagles have had three NCAA teams. The program has also had an NIT Championship team with its run in the 1987 postseason tournament. The team has had six players drafted including Clarence Weatherspoon. Southern Miss has won two conference championships in basketball including a share of the 2001 regular-season title.
Postseason.
NCAA Tournament results.
Southern Miss Golden Eagles have appeared in three NCAA tournaments. They have an overall 0–3 record in tournament games. Darrin Chancellor holds the Southern Miss single-tournament scoring record with 24 points in 1991.
NIT Results.
The Golden Eagles have appeared in the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) nine times. Their combined record is 8–8 and they were NIT Champions in 1987.
CIT.
The Golden Eagles have appeared in the CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament (CIT) one time. Their record is 0–1.

</doc>
<doc id="18469403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469403" title="Duke of Coimbra">
Duke of Coimbra

Duke of Coimbra () was an aristocratic Portuguese title with the level of Royal Dukedom, that is, associated with the Portuguese Royal House, created in 1415, by King John I of Portugal to the his 2nd. male son, Infante Pedro. Pedro was regent of the kingdom but he was killed in the domestic Battle of Alfarrobeira (1449).
Any of their children inherited this title, which passed much later to Pedro's great-grandson, George, Duke of Coimbra, natural son of King John II of Portugal.
Today the title is used by Infante Henrique, the current Duke of Braganza's younger brother.
See also.
List of Portuguese Dukedoms
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil" – Vol. I, pages 255/272; and Vol. II, pages 531/532. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18469457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469457" title="Catherine Malabou">
Catherine Malabou

Catherine Malabou (born 1959) is a French philosopher. She is professor in the Philosophy Department at the Centre for Research in Modern European Philosophy (CRMEP) at Kingston University.
Education.
Malabou graduated from the École Normale Supérieure Lettres et Sciences Humaines (Fontenay-Saint-Cloud). Her "agrégation" and doctorate were obtained, under the supervision of Jacques Derrida and Jean-Luc Marion, from the École des hautes études en sciences sociales. Her dissertation became the book, "L'Avenir de Hegel: Plasticité, Temporalité, Dialectique" (1996).
Work.
Central to Malabou's philosophy is the concept of "plasticity," which she derives in part from the work of Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, and from medical science, for example, from work on stem cells and from the concept of neuroplasticity. In 1999, Malabou published "Voyager avec Jacques Derrida – La Contre-allée", co-authored with Derrida. Her book, "Les nouveaux blessés" (2007), concerns the intersection between neuroscience, psychoanalysis, and philosophy, thought through the phenomenon of trauma.
Coinciding with her exploration of neuroscience has been an increasing commitment to political philosophy. This is first evident in her book "What Should We Do With Our Brain?" and continues in "Les nouveaux blessés", as well as in her book on feminism ("Changer de différence, le féminin et la question philosophique", Galilée, 2009), and in her forthcoming book about the homeless and social emergency ("La grande exclusion", Bayard).
Malabou is co-writing a book with Adrian Johnston on affects in Descartes, Spinoza and neuroscience, and is preparing a new book on the political meaning of life in the light of the most recent biological discoveries (mainly epigenetics). The latter work will discuss Giorgio Agamben's concept of "bare life" and Michel Foucault's notion of biopower, underscoring the lack of scientific biological definitions of these terms, and the political meaning of such a lack.

</doc>
<doc id="18469473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469473" title="Joy to the World (Faith Hill album)">
Joy to the World (Faith Hill album)

Joy to the World is the first Christmas album by American country music singer Faith Hill. To date, it has sold 753,045 copies in the US. It features the U.S. Adult Contemporary #1 hit, "A Baby Changes Everything". The album was certified Gold on December 4, 2008.
Background.
A couple tracks from "Joy to the World" have been available as free downloads apart of special promotions. In late November, for a limited period of time, "Joy to the World" (single) was available for free digital download apart of a "holiday mixtape" created by Oprah Winfrey. For a week beginning on December 9, 2008, the song "O Holy Night was available for free digital download from iTunes as their "Holiday Single of the Week".
Two limited edition versions of the album with a bonus DVD were made available at Target and Wal Mart. The Target DVD features 40 minutes of live performance and interview from Hill's XM Artist Confidential concert that took place in October 2007. The Wal Mart DVD was made available in 2009, a year after the album's original release, and features 19 minutes of Soundcheck footage.
Charts.
Album – "Billboard" (North America)
Singles – "Billboard" (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="18469502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469502" title="Jennifer Joines">
Jennifer Joines

Jennifer Claire Joines-Tamas (born November 23, 1982) is an American indoor volleyball player. Joines made her first Olympic appearance at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, and helped Team USA to a silver medal.
Personal life.
Joines was born in Santa Clara, California, to David and Jody Joines. She has a brother, John, who also graduated from the University of Pacific and played baseball for four years as an outfielder. She now calls Milpitas, California, home.
She attended Milpitas High coached by Jeff Lamb for two years and Presentation High School in San Jose, California, coached by Jim Reilly and graduated in 2000. She chose to play volleyball at the University of the Pacific in Stockton, California, where she majored in communications and business and was a member of Alpha Phi.
On August 22, 2009, Joines married her college sweetheart, Chris Tamas, in Paso Robles, California. Chris also played collegiate volleyball at Pacific where he was an All-American setter and holds the all-time assist record.
University of the Pacific.
In 2003, Joines capped her career at University of the Pacific by being selected as an American Volleyball Coaches Association (AVCA) First-Team All-American and became the first four-time All-American in school history. She was also named the 2003 Big West Conference Player of the Year. She was named first-team All-Big West Conference for the fourth-straight season. For the season, she recorded a .340 hitting percentage with 5.63 kills, 2.09 digs and 1.20 blocks per game.
In 2002, she averaged 4.99 kills and 1.32 blocks per game and finished her junior season third in the Pacific career record book in kills (1,501) and seventh in total blocks (486). As a sophomore in 2001, she led the Tigers and Big West with 601 kills, 4.73 kills per game and a .313 hitting percentage. As a freshman in 2000, she broke 15-year old record for single-season hitting percentage at .402 and was named the Big West Freshman of the Year and First Team All-Big West.
Major international competition.
2010
2008
2007
2006
2005
2003
International highlights.
2008 – Started eight of nine sets played in the opening preliminary weekend of the FIVB World Grand Prix. She averaged 3.11 points with 2.78 kills and 0.33 blocks per set and compiled a .511 hitting efficiency on 45 swings and just two errors.<br>
2007 – Averaged 2.40 points per set during Pan American Cup and only non-libero to play in all 25 sets. She produced 15 points, including international career-high five blocks, versus Dominican Republic on June 29. She started 18 sets and three matches at the FIVB World Cup and averaged 2.11 points, 1.47 kills and 0.58 blocks per set with an overall .386 hitting percentage.<br>
2006 – Joines averaged 3.33 points in 24 sets over seven matches of a tour of Italy March 22 to April 2. She scored in every match of the Pan American Cup with 10 points against Venezuela and 13 points against Argentina. She scored 61 total points at Pan American Cup. She played in 14 sets of the World Championships with eight individual set starts and compiled 24 points on 18 kills and six blocks, including a personal tournament high 10 points coming off the bench against Kazakhstan on Oct. 31.<br>
2005 – Selected as a member of the USA Women’s National Team that captured the silver medal at the season-ending FIVB World Grand Champions Cup in Japan in November, where the United States finished the tournament with a record of 4–1 as it earned wins over Korea, 2004 Olympic gold medalist China, Poland and Japan along the way.
Professional.
Joines played for Toyota Auto Body Queenseis in Japan’s V-League in 2008. In 2007, she played for Bigmat San Paolo Chieri of the Italian Serie A League. Produced a 2.10 points per set average and 52.6 kill efficiency for Chieri, which advanced to the league quarterfinals.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18469522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469522" title="San Leandro Hills">
San Leandro Hills

The San Leandro Hills are a range of the Pacific Coast Ranges located on the eastern side of the valley which includes San Francisco Bay. They run along the southeastern city limits of Oakland, extending southeastward above the city of San Leandro and the unincorporated community of Castro Valley. Geologically, they are a southern continuation of the Berkeley Hills to the north. San Leandro Creek drains the canyon along the eastern slope of the hills.

</doc>
<doc id="18469525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469525" title="C. S. Smith">
C. S. Smith

C. S. Smith (May 6, 1894 – March 30, 1971) served three turbulent years as mayor of Compton, California until he was recalled from office in 1936.
Biography.
Clifton Stanwood Smith was born in Washington Court House, Ohio on May 6, 1894, the son of Frank C. Smith and Mary Stanwood. He was raised in San Antonio, Texas, where his father was the chief engineer of the San Antonio Power & Light Company, along with other directors Collis P. Huntington and Samuel F.B. Morse. His father was also an organizer of the Memphis Power & Light Company and the Columbus (Ohio) Telephone Company. He was also a successful rancher and cattleman. His ranch stood at the confluence of the rivers which now form "Riverwalk" of San Antonio and the family home still stands in the historic district of San Antonio. 
The family relocated to Riverside, California in 1910. Smith graduated as valedictorian of his class from the Peacock Military Academy in San Antonio. When the United States joined the Allies in World War I, Smith enlisted and was commissioned a lieutenant in the Air Service, Signal Corps of America, the first Air Force of the United States. He trained at March Field in Riverside along with another cadet, James Doolittle, who would gain fame for his raid on Tokyo during World War II. Smith graduated first in his class and was retained as an instructor during the rest of the war. He retired from active military duty as a Major in the Army Reserve. He then founded the Long Beach Meat Packing Company and became the concessionaire for over 70 Safeway grocery stores in Southern California. Safeway abruptly cancelled his contracts, nearly ruining him financially. During that time, he moved to Compton, one of the first suburbs of Los Angeles, which was founded in 1880. In Compton, he founded the Compton Airport and earned extra money as a barnstormer. Taking what money he could scrape together, he began what later became one of the largest supermarket chains in Southern California—Smith's Markets. He is credited as one of the first to create large, self-service supermarkets with lower prices and Sunday openings. That led him into severe price wars with the other major chains of the era—Von's, Ralphs and Thiftimart. He made a practice of locating his large markets near the much smaller and more expensive Safeways, effectively driving them out of much of Southern California for decades.
A Roosevelt "New Deal" Democrat, Smith was elected mayor of Compton in 1933. He was mayor at the time of the devastating Long Beach earthquake of 1933, which locally was known as the "Compton Earthquake." The earthquake destroyed the Compton City Hall and most of the city's schools. As mayor, Smith supervised the reconstruction of all schools in the city, the city hall and the fire stations. Many Compton schools still bear his name on their dedication plaques. As the depression worsened, he often anonymously paid the property taxes of residents in danger of losing their homes. Because of his politics and his outspoken nature, he became a lightning rod for controversy. He was a vehement anti-Communist. When the National Recovery Administration cited him for selling sugar below the controlled price, Smith joined other companies to sue the federal government seeking to declare the National Recovery Act unconstitutional. That suit was successful and Smith widely promoted the fact that the government had penalized him for "selling food too low." Smith ultimately owned and operated his own cattle ranch, dairy farms, vegetable produce wholesaler and bakery to service his markets. 
He was an avid yachtsman and offshore power boat racer. In the late 1920s, he was one of about two dozen founders of the prestigious Long Beach Yacht Club, whose membership was limited to those who owned power yachts. He later became Commodore in 1941. In 1936, he purchased the "Zumbrota," the 98-foot yacht built by John Ringling of circus fame. 
As mayor, a feud developed between him and Compton Chief of Police E. A. West. It reached a climax in April 1936, when Smith, who stood no more than 5'6", slammed his fist into the 6'4" West's jaw during a city council meeting, knocking him out and causing his hospitalization. This led to a well-publicized trial. Later, after fighting broke out between Communist protesters in Compton and the police department reinforced by members of the American Legion recruited by Smith, Smith and four other Compton City Councilmen were successfully recalled from office in a September special election. Smith and one ally were defeated, but his three opponents on the council were also. Their replacements comprised a majority of Smith's allies, but he never ran for political office again. Instead, he acquired a small weekly newspaper, the "Compton Herald American". 
Smith was commissioned a lieutenant colonel in the California National Guard in 1936 by then-Governor Cuthbert Olsen. His 6th Infantry, California National Guard, was headquartered in a building that still stands on Alameda Street in Compton, not far from Smith's headquarters. The 6th Infantry was the only army unit in Los Angeles on December 7, 1941. It was nationalized ten days later and ordered to join a relief expedition to the Philippines. When that operation was cancelled, the regiment was assigned to San Francisco, where it remained during World War II guarding the Oakland Bay Bridge and Vallejo gas fields. During World War II, he was promoted to the rank of full colonel, United States Army Reserve. 
Throughout, his supermarkets and newspaper chain grew rapidly. Fueled by advertising from the supermarket chain, the Herald American grew into one of the largest biweekly newspaper chains in the country. Its 13 editions on each Thursday and Sunday reached a peak circulation of 340,000 by 1966. Smith used his newspapers to elect allies and pummel opponents. His editorial support was cited by the late Supervisor Kenneth Hahn, a Democrat, as a major factor in his first supervisorial election victory. Smith also used his newspapers to support the election of Republican Compton Mayor Del Clawson to Congress. Smith remained a Democrat, but was a close personal friend of Republican Gov. Goodwin Knight. When Knight was defeated in the 1958 election, Smith became close friends with Gov. Edmund G. "Pat" Brown, who appointed him to the Sixth District Agricultural Commission which was mainly responsible for the California Museum of Science & Industry (now the California Science Center) in Exposition Park, Los Angeles, He served three terms on the Los Angeles Coliseum Commission representing the state of California. Other directors who served with him included Howard Ahmanson, founder and CEO of Home Savings & Loan, Howard Edgerton, CEO of California Federal Savings, Pierre Salinger, former press secretary to President John F. Kennedy, and industrialist George Kinsey.
After World War II, Smith bought back his yacht from the U.S. Navy, which had taken it and many others at the outbreak of the war. Smith also bid on a 148-foot converted luxury yacht, the "Alabaster", which had served as a radio relay ship in the South Pacific. Smith won the bid and restored the vessel to its pre-war condition and pre-war name, the "Alamo", in honor of his home town of San Antonio. He cruised on "Alamo" until 1960 when it was sold to a tour operator in Acapulco, Mexico. The "Alamo" was the largest privately owned yacht on the West Coast for many years. 
In business, Smith attempted to fight the large publicly owned corporations which had bought Von's (Household Finance), Ralphs (Federated Department Stores), Kroger and others, a battle in which he was not successful. When his health began to fail in 1968, he sold the Herald American newspapers, which eventually were split between the Hearst Corporation and Meredith Publishing ("Better Homes & Gardens"). 
Even though Smith had supported Gov. Brown against challenger Ronald Reagan in 1966, Gov. Reagan reappointed him to the Sixth District Agricultural Commission shortly before Smith's death. Smith served as a director of the powerful California Merchants & Manufacturers Association for 34 years. He was a long-time director of the Long Beach Area Council, Boy Scouts of America, a director of the City of Hope National Medical Center, a director of the National Conference of Christians & Jews, and a member of El Bekal Shrine in Long Beach. He married the former Evelyn Slade in 1951 and had two sons. 
Despite his wealth and the changing demographics of Compton, Smith remained in Compton until his death on March 30, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18469530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469530" title="Dennis Jones (Australian footballer)">
Dennis Jones (Australian footballer)

Dennis Jones (born 13 November 1936) was an Australian rules footballer who played with and coached Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Jones, a half back, made his senior VFL debut in 1956 and was a member of Melbourne's 1959 premiership side. He retired from the VFL aged 25, and in 1968 became senior coach of South Australian National Football League (SANFL) club Central District. Jones remained in that role for four seasons before moving to the Western Australian Football League (WAFL) to coach West Perth Football Club, and getting them to a Grand Final. In 197 Jones rejoined Melbourne, where he had been appointed coach, but he couldn't prevent the team finishing with the wooden spoon.

</doc>
<doc id="18469537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469537" title="Great Victorian Rail Trail">
Great Victorian Rail Trail

The Great Victorian Rail Trail (formerly Goulburn River High Country Rail Trail) is the longest rail trail in Victoria, following the route of the former Mansfield Railway and Alexandra Railway in north central Victoria, Australia, about north-east of Melbourne. The trail surface is partially chert (a kind of gravel), partially crushed limestone. 
Officially opened in June 2012, it stretches for from Tallarook near Seymour, through Yea and Bonnie Doon to Mansfield, with an offshoot to Alexandra from Cathkin. Its highlights include the Cheviot Tunnel near Yea, and a former rail bridge over Lake Eildon near Bonnie Doon. 
The towns passed through by the main rail trail are: Tallarook, Trawool, Kerrisdale, Homewood, Yea, Molesworth, Yarck, Kanumbra, Merton, Bonnie Doon, Maindample, Mansfield. The trail forks near Molesworth, leading to Alexandra.
History.
On 29 April 2009, the Federal Government announced that it would contribute A$13.2 million from its community infrastructure program out of the estimated total cost of A$14.2 million needed for the completion of the trail as an economic stimulus and as part of the recovery effort in the wake of the 2009 Victorian bushfires. The money was spent to repair and build bridges, road crossings, car parking, rest stops and amenities.
References.
Great Victorian Rail Trails
Rail Trail Bike Tours

</doc>
<doc id="18469566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469566" title="Donato Felice d'Allio">
Donato Felice d'Allio

Donato Felice d'Allio (Born in October 24, 1677, Scaria – Died in May 6, 1761, Vienna) was an Austrian architect of the Baroque.

</doc>
<doc id="18469573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469573" title="Christopher Smart's asylum confinement">
Christopher Smart's asylum confinement

The English poet Christopher Smart (1722–1771) was confined to mental asylums from May 1757 until January 1763. Smart was admitted into St Luke's Hospital for Lunatics, Bethnal Green, London, on 6 May 1757, taken there by his father-in-law, John Newbery, although he may have been confined in a private madhouse before then. While in St Luke's he wrote "Jubilate Agno" and "A Song to David", the poems considered to be his greatest works. Although many of his contemporaries agreed that Smart was "mad," accounts of his condition and its ramifications varied, and some felt that he had been committed unfairly.
Smart was diagnosed as "incurable" while at St Lukes, and when they ran out of funds for his care he was moved to Mr. Potter's asylum. All that is known of his years of confinement is that he wrote poetry. Smart's isolation led him to abandon the poetic genres of the 18th century that had marked his earlier work and to write religious poetry such as "Jubilate Agno" ("Rejoice in the Lamb"). His asylum poetry reveals a desire for "unmediated revelation", and it is possible that the self-evaluation found in his poetry represents an expression of evangelical Christianity.
Late 18th-century critics felt that Smart's madness justified them in ignoring his "A Song to David", but during the following century Robert Browning and his contemporaries considered his condition to be the source of his genius. It was not until the 20th century, with the rediscovery of "Jubilate Agno"—not published until 1939—that critics reconsidered Smart's case and began to see him as a revolutionary poet, the possible target of a plot by his father-in-law, a publisher, to silence him.
Background.
Christopher Smart was an English poet who was confined to asylums during a time of debate about the nature of madness and its treatment. During the 18th century, madness was "both held to reveal inner truth and condemned to silence and exclusion as something unintelligible by reason, and therefore threatening to society and to humanity". It was commonly held to be an incurable affliction whose sufferers should be isolated from society. Physician William Battie—who later treated Smart—wrote:
In particular, Battie defined madness as "deluded imagination". However, he was attacked by other physicians, such as John Monro, who worked at Bethlem Hospital. In his "Remarks on Dr. Battie's Treatise on Madness", Monro explained that those who were mad had the correct perceptions, but that they lacked the ability to judge properly. Although Monro promoted ideas of reform, his suggested treatment—beating patients—was as harsh on patients as Battie's preferred option, of completely isolating patients from society.
In 1758, Battie and others argued that those deemed "mad" were abused under the British asylum system, and they pushed for parliamentary action. Battie's "Treatise on Madness" emphasised the problems of treating the hospitals as tourist attractions and the punitive measures taken against patients. The arguments of Battie and others resulted in the passage of the Act for Regulating Private Madhouses (1774), but were too late to help Smart.
Modern critics, however, have a more cynical view of the 18th-century use of the term "madness" when diagnosing patients; psychiatrist Thomas Szasz viewed the idea of madness as arbitrary and unnatural. Agreeing with Szasz's position, philosopher Michel Foucault emphasised that asylums were used in the 18th century to attack dissenting views and that the idea of madness was a cultural fear held by the British public, rather than a legitimate medical condition. In particular, Foucault considered the 18th century a time of "great confinement". This description is consistent with Smart's 1760s writings on the subject in which, according to Thomas Keymer, "the category of madness is insistently relativized, and made to seem little more than the invention of a society strategically concerned to discredit all utterances or conduct that threatens its interests and norms."
18th century treatment of inpatients was simple: they were to be fed daily a light diet of bread, oatmeal, some meat or cheese, and a little amount of beer, which were inadequate in meeting daily nutritional needs; they were denied contact with outsiders, including family members; and they would be denied access to that which was deemed to be the cause of their madness (these causes ranged from alcohol and food to working outside). If their actions appeared "afresh and without assignable cause", then their condition would be labelled as "original" madness and deemed incurable. An institution like St Luke's, run by Battie, held both "curable" and "incurable" patients. There were few spots available for patients to receive free treatment, and many were released after a year to make room for new admittances.
Asylum.
During the 1740s, Smart published many poems while a student at Pembroke College, Cambridge. He eventually left the university in 1749 in order to devote his time to poetry. In 1750, Smart started to familiarise himself with Grub Street, London's writing district, and met John Newbery, a publisher. Soon after, Newbery began publishing Smart's works in various magazines and in collections, including "Poems on Several Occasions" (1752). Of these works, Smart was known for his Seatonian Prize-winning poems, his pastoral poem "The Hop-Garden", and his mock epic "The Hilliad". In 1752, Smart married Newbery's daughter, Anna Maria Carnan, and had two daughters with her by 1754. Although many of Smart's works were published between 1753 and 1755, he had little money to provide for his family. At the end of 1755, he finished a translation of the works of Horace, but even that provided little income. Having no other choices, Smart signed a 99-year long contract in November 1755 to produce a weekly paper entitled "The Universal Visiter or Monthly Memorialist", and the strain of writing caused Smart's health to deteriorate.
On 5 June 1756, Smart's father-in-law Newbery published, without permission, Smart's "Hymn to the Supreme Being", a poem which thanked God for recovery from an illness of some kind, possibly a "disturbed mental state". During the illness, Smart was possibly confined to Newbery's home and unable to write or be socially active. Out of sympathy for Smart, many of his friends, including writer and critic Samuel Johnson, began to write in the "Universal Visiter" to fulfill Smart's contractual obligation to produce content for the magazine. The publication of "Hymn to the Supreme Being" marked the beginning of Smart's obsession with religion and eventual confinement for madness because he began praying "without ceasing".
Smart's behaviour was probably influenced by St Paul's command in the First Epistle to the Thessalonians to "Pray without ceasing" and William Law's "The Spirit of Prayer", which argues that a constant state of prayer will establish a connection with God. Smart began by praying at regular intervals but this slowly deteriorated into irregular praying in which he would interrupt his friends' activities and call them into the street to pray with him. These calls for public prayer continued until an incident that Smart later described in "Jubilate Agno": "For I blessed God in St James's Park till I routed all the company... For the officers of the peace are at variance with me, and the watchman smites me with his staff" ("Jubilate Agno" B 90–91).
Christopher Hunter, Smart's biographer and nephew, described the situation:
Though the fortune as well as the constitution of Mr. Smart required the utmost care, he was equally negligent in the management of both, and his various and repeated embarrassments acting upon an imagination uncommonly fervid, produced temporary alienations of mind; which at last were attended with paroxysms so violent and continued as to render confinement necessary.
Hunter reports that Samuel Johnson visited Smart during the latter's confinement, and it was Johnson that, "on the first approaches of Mr Smart's malady, wrote several papers for a periodical publication in which that gentleman was concerned." However, at no time did Smart ever believe himself to be insane; these meetings began before Smart was ever put into asylum because he still contributed, although not as significantly, to the "Universal Visiter". In joking about writing for the "Universal Visiter", Johnson claimed: "for poor Smart, while he was mad, not then knowing the terms on which he was engaged to write ... I hoped his wits would return to him. Mine returned to me, and I wrote in 'the Universal Visitor' no longer."
There are other possibilities beyond madness or religious fervor that may have led to Smart's confinement: Newbery may have used the imprisonment of his son-in-law as leverage to control the publication of Smart's work and as a warning to others who worked for him not to cross him. Another theory suggests Smart's actions were a result of alcohol, and had nothing to do with a mental imbalance. However, Smart may have been imprisoned for embarrassing his father-in-law in some way, which could have resulted from an incident in which Smart drank. Hester Thrale reinforced this latter possibility when she claimed that Smart's "religious fervor" tended to coincide with times that Smart was intoxicated. Smart's own testimony that he "blessed God in St. James's Park till I routed all the company" ("Jubilate Agno" B 90–91) as representing his religious madness is equally dismissed as resulting from drinking, as he was known for pulling pranks and the Board of Green Cloth, the government body that controlled St James's Park, would treat most disturbances in the park as resulting from madness. If Smart was placed into the asylum as a result of actions at St James's, he would not have been the only one, since records show that the Board of Green Cloth was responsible for admitting sixteen people to Bethlem Hospital for "frenzy" at St James's Park during the century prior to Smart being placed in St Luke's.
The specific events of Smart's confinement are unknown. He may have been in a private madhouse before St Luke's and later moved from St Luke's to Mr Potter's asylum until his release. At St Luke's, he transitioned from being "curable" to "incurable", and was moved to Mr Potter's asylum for monetary reasons. During Smart's confinement time, his wife Anna left and took the children with her to Ireland. There is no record that he ever saw her again. His isolation led him into writing religious poetry, and he abandoned the traditional genres of the 18th century that marked his earlier poetry when he wrote "Jubilate Agno".
During his time in asylum, Smart busied himself with a daily ritual of writing poetry; these lyric fragments eventually formed his "Jubilate Agno" and "A Song to David". Smart might have turned to writing poetry as a way to focus the mind or as self-therapy. Although 20th-century critics debate whether his new poetic self-examination represents an expression of evangelical Christianity, his poetry during his isolation does show a desire for "unmediated revelation" from God. There is an "inner light" that serves as a focal point for Smart and his poems written during his confinement, and that inner light connects him to the Christian God.
St Luke's Hospital for Lunatics.
Few details are known about Smart's time at St Luke's Hospital for Lunatics. He was admitted to St Luke's on 6 May 1757 as a "Curable Patient". It is possible that Smart was confined at Newbery's behest over old debts and a poor relationship that existed between the two; Newbery had previously mocked Smart's immorality in "A Collection of Pretty Poems for the Amusement of Children six Foot High." Regardless of Newbery's exact reasons, there is evidence suggesting that Newbery's admittance of Smart into the mental asylum was not based on madness. In order to have Smart admitted, Newbery probably provided a small bribe, although bribes were against St Luke's policy.
There is little information about Smart's condition during his stay at St Luke's, possibly because Battie's denied his patients from being visited, including by their own family members. One of the few records that survive of Smart's time at St Luke's was an entry in "St Luke's Minute Book", which read:
12 May 1758Dr. Battie having acquainted this Committee that Christopher Smart (who was admitted on the 6th day of May 1757) continues disordered in his Senses notwithstanding he has been admitted into this Hospital above 12 Calendar Months and from the present Circumstances of his Case there is not Suffit. reason to expect his speedy Recovery And he being brought up and examined. Ordered. That he be discharged and that Notice be sent to his Securities to take him away.
During Smart's confinement at St Luke's, not even other doctors were allowed to see Smart unless they had received personal permission from Battie. It was improbable that Smart could have left the asylum without being released by Battie. Even if Smart would have attempted to obtain release via legal means, the rules for subpoenaing release would have been almost impossible to follow based on the system that Battie had in place, which isolated the individual from all contact. Eventually, Smart was deemed "incurable" and would not have been released by the hospital but for its lack of funds.
Mr Potter's madhouse.
After being released from St Luke's, Smart was taken to a private madhouse. Elizabeth LeNoir, Smart's daughter, was brought to see her father and stated that he was "committed by Mr Newbery to the care of a "Mr Potter" who kept a private house at Bethnal Green". She described her experience as being held in a "small neat parlour". However, Mr Potter's private madhouse was not "homely", and Smart's treatments were far worse, as he describes: "For they work on me with their harping-irons, which is a barbarous instrument, because I am more unguarded than others" ("Jubilate Agno" B 129). Smart was left alone for four years, except for his cat Jeoffry and the occasional gawker who would come to see those deemed mad. Piozzi described Smart's general situation: "He was both a wit and a scholar, and visited as such while under confinement for MADNESS." It is very possible that he felt "homeless" during his confinement and surely felt that he was in a "limbo... between public and private space" from being watched by outsiders.
In London, only a few of his works were still being published, but the proceeds were taken by Newbery. However, Smart did get to see published a collection of his work under the pseudonym "Mrs Midnight" titled "Mrs. Midnight's Orations; and other Select Pieces: as they were spoken at the Oratory in the Hay-Market, London". Smart did not profit from the work, but he was able to see at least some of his previous work being printed again. Smart, according to his 20th-century biographer Arthur Sherbo, had only "his God and his poetry". A few of his loyal friends eventually grew tired of the treatment Smart received and freed him from Mr Potter's.
Release.
There is little information about how and why Smart was released from asylum, but his daughter claimed: "He grew better, and some misjudging friends who misconstrued Mr Newbery's great kindness in placing him under necessary & salutary restriction which might possibly have eventually wrought a cure, invited him to dinner and he returned to his confinement no more." What is known about the actual events is that John Sherratt, Christopher Smart's friend, believed that Smart's confinement was unfair and wanted to negotiate Smart's release. In January 1763, he met with a parliamentary committee to discuss the issue of individuals falsely imprisoned and abuses that they would receive in asylums. In particular, Sherratt argued that many were admitted for habitual intoxication, which undermined Battie's and other asylum keeper's reputations. A finding by the parliamentary committee released 27 January 1763 bolstered Sherratt's chances to release Smart. To those around him, Smart appeared perfectly sane, and he was most likely released because of legislation concurrently being passed in parliament advocating for a reform to patient care. Smart left the asylum on 30 January 1763 with Sherratt.
Upon leaving asylum, Smart took the manuscripts of "A Song to David", many translations of Psalms, and "Jubilate Agno". "A Song to David" was published on 6 April 1763. Harsh reviews followed which mocked Smart's time in the asylum instead of dealing with the poems. "Jubilate Agno" stayed in manuscript form and passed into the hands of the friends of William Cowper, a poet also placed into asylum and Smart's contemporary, when they investigated the concept of "madness". The work stayed in private holdings until it was rediscovered in the 20th century by William Stead. It was not published until 1939 when it was printed with the title "Rejoice in the Lamb: A Song from Bedlam".
Analysis.
Samuel Johnson's biographer James Boswell described a moment when Charles Burney inquired of his friend Johnson of Smart's state. Johnson used the term "madness" to comment on the state of society before explaining to Burney that Smart's actions that were deemed symptoms of madness were actually reasonable:
Madness frequently discovers itself merely by unnecessary deviation from the usual mode of the world. My poor friend Smart shewed the disturbance of his mind, by falling upon his knees, and saying his prayers in the street, or in any other unusual place. Now although, rationally speaking, it is greater madness not to pray at all, than to pray as Smart did, I am afraid there are so many who do not pray, that their understanding is not called in question.Concerning this unfortunate poet, Christopher Smart, who was confined in a mad-house, he had, at another time, the following conversation with Dr Burney: – Burney. 'How does poor Smart do, Sir; is he likely to recover?' Johnson. 'It seems as if his mind had ceased to struggle with the disease; for he grows fat upon it.' Burney. 'Perhaps, Sir, that may be from want of exercise.' Johnson. 'No, Sir; he has partly as much exercise as he used to have, for he digs in the garden. Indeed, before his confinement, he used for exercise to walk to the ale-house; but he was "carried" back again. I did not think he ought to be shut up. His infirmities are not noxious to society. He insisted on people praying with him; and I'd as lief pray with Kit [=Christopher Smart as any one else. Another charge was that he did not love clean linen; and I have no passion for it.' – Johnson continued. 'Mankind have a great aversion to intellectual labour; but even supposing knowledge to be easily attainable, more people would be content to be ignorant than would take even a little trouble to acquire it.'
In an article printed in the "Gentleman's Magazine", Hester Piozzi, Smart's acquaintance and Johnson's close friend, argued that in many aspects Smart appears sane:
In every "other" transaction of life no man's wits could be more regular than those of Smart, for this prevalence of one idea pertinaciously keeping the first place in his head had in no sense, except in what immediately related to itself, perverted his judgement at all; his opinions were unchanged as before, nor did he seem more likely to fall into a state of "distraction" than any other man; less so, perhaps, as he calmed every violent start of passion by prayer.
Beyond Smart's circle of friends, few were willing to dismiss claims that Smart was affected by madness. Most contemporary literary critics knew of Smart's time in asylum and, upon publication of his "A Song to David", called attention to aspects of the poem which they could use to claim that Smart was still "mad". The view was widely held, and the poet William Mason wrote to Thomas Gray, "I have seen his Song to David & from thence conclude him as mad as ever."
19th century.
It was a century before a positive twist was put on Christopher Smart's time in asylum; the Victorian poet Robert Browning argued that "A Song to David" was great because Smart was mad at the time. In his poem "Parleyings" (1887), Browning claimed:
To Browning, Smart's temporary madness was what allowed him to compose in "A Song to David" poetry similar to that of John Milton and John Keats. Christopher Smart, as Browning's poem continued,
Browning's remarks brought about a later appreciation of "A Song to David" and Smart's madness. A review of Browning's "Parleying" claimed that Christopher Smart was "possessed by his subject... and where there is true possession – where the fires of the poet's imagination are not choked by self-consciousness or by too much fuel from the intellect – idiosyncracy, mannerism, and even conventional formulae are for the time 'burnt and purged away'."
The 19th-century poet Dante Gabriel Rossetti emphasised the benefits of Smart's madness and claimed that "A Song to David" was "the only great "accomplished" poem of the last century." Two years later, Francis Palgrave continued the theme when he wrote that the "Song" exhibited "noble wildness and transitions from grandeur to tenderness, from Earth to Heaven" and that it was "unique in our Poetry." Seven years after Palgrave, critic John Churton Collins agreed with Rossetti and Palgrave, but to a lesser extent, when he wrote, "This poem stands alone, the most extraordinary phenomenon, perhaps, in our literature, the one rapt strain in the poetry of the eighteenth century, the work of a poet who, though he produced much, has not produced elsewhere a single line which indicates the power here displayed."
20th century and contemporary.
Twentieth-century critics favoured the view that Smart suffered from some kind of mental distress when writing his poems. A review by "Mathews" titled "Thin Partitions", in the 30 March 1901 "The Academy", claimed that:
Now Christopher Smart was a very beggarly poet of the eighteenth century [...] but had not the smallest claim to rank with those great men beyond their common trade of poem. Kit Smart, in fact, though he wrote a pestilent deal of verse, could not write poetry—nor anything else [...] Legally mad, that is; for he appears to have been very mad in his senses, and a decent citizen out of them. He went mad—legally and medically—once, and nothing came out of it, perhaps because he was not mad enough. Then he went mad again and being duly shut up in Bedlam wrote one of the finest outbursts of lyric genius in the eighteenth century—perhaps "the" finest-before the advent of Blake [...] Smart regained his senses, and therewith his hopeless inability to write poetry. And he never did anything after.
In 1933, A. E. Housman sided with Browning's and Mathew's interpretation and connected Smart's madness with poetic genius in his lecture "The Name and Nature of Poetry": "As matters actually stand, who are the English poets of that age in whom pre-eminently one can hear and recognize the true poetic accent emerging clearly from the contemporary dialect? These four: Collins, Christopher Smart, Cowper, and Blake. And what other characteristic had these four in common? They were mad." In 1994, Branimir Rieger differed from Housman's view by distancing Smart from the others when he argued that "Collins and Cowper pine as isolated individuals, guiltily aware of a vitality that is not finally human but divine. Smart soars beyond individuality to embrace that vitality, but at a cost of all human relationship."
However, there are many that disagreed that Smart suffered from madness; Edward Ainsworth and Charles Noyes, when discussing Smart's "Hymn to the Supreme Being", said, "The mind that composed this hymn was not deranged. Yet in the poem one sees the morbidly religious mind which, in disorder, was to produce the "Jubilate Agno", and, with order restored, the "Song to David". Additionally, they claimed that Smart's
preternatural excitement to prayer seems to have been poor Smart's only real mental aberration, unless his drunkenness be considered pathological. When his mind was removed entirely from the field of prayer, he was but little changed from his sane state. His powers of reason, though thus warped, were not taken from him, and he neither raved nor sank into mental lethargy.
Nevertheless, Ainsworth and Noyes were not completely sceptical about Smart's diagnosis when they continued: "But when the desire to pray struck him, Smart abandoned what the world chose to call rationality."
In 1960, psychiatrist Russel Brain diagnosed Smart as suffering from cyclothymia or manic depression. Brain based his diagnosis on Smart's own claims about how he felt, and he concluded that "in Smart's case the mental illness was not the result of his drunkenness, but he drank because he was mentally unstable." Arthur Sherbo, in 1967, argued that "The nature of Smart's madness is impossible to diagnose at this distance in time" and then argued that:
since Battie himself pronounced him uncured, he must have been subject to hallucinations. Strong drink, taken often enough and in sufficient quantity, will have that effect, of course, but Battie, distinguishing between 'original' and 'consequential' madness [...] would allow only that excessive drinking could 'become a very common, tho' remoter cause of Madness.' Others differed: John Ball in his "Modern Practice of Physic", 1760, lists 'anxiety of mind' and too much 'strong vinous or spirituous liquors' as 'antecedent causes' of madness. Smart's mania, however it manifested itself, and it usually manifested itself in loud public prayer, did not stem from drunkenness; it was aggravated, however, by frequent recourse to the bottle. Ironically enough, as Mrs. Piozzi recognised, if Smart had prayed in the privacy of his home, all might have been well for him.
The possible religious component of Smart's condition was taken up by 20th-century critics as an explanation for why the 18th century saw Smart as mad. Laurence Binyon, in 1934, believed that religion played a major role in how society viewed Smart: "Smart's madness seems to have taken the form of a literal interpretation of the injunction "Pray without ceasing". He embarrassed visitors by insisting on their joining him in his supplications [...] Obsession with a fixed idea is a common form of insanity. But such obsessions are a mental imprisonment; whereas the "Song" is unmistakably the expression of a great release." Binyon's idea was picked up by Sophia Blaydes, in 1966, who pointed out that society was prejudiced against those who experienced enthusiasm, a strong spiritual connection to God. It was against religious prejudice that she argued,
The cause of Smart's eclipse may be traced in part to a prejudice of the age, one which was founded in reason but developed in fear. There was one inescapable fact which hampered any clear perception of Smart's work — he had been confined for madness. It was easier to use a difficult allusion or unusual image as evidence of madness than to interpret it. What could cause a fundamentally rational group of people to react so irrationally? To some degree, it was the fear of 'enthusiasm'.
In the 18th century, as Blaydes continued, the word changed from possessed by god to inspired to falsely inspired. The result of this change was that British society viewed enthusiasm as the enemy to both reason and social order. Thus, "Smart, the hack-writer, would not have been greeted by a hostile audience, but Smart, the enthusiast, would have been condemned immediately. The result would be obvious: his past work, previously lauded, would be ignored, and his future work would receive immediate condemnation. such was the history of Smart's contemporary reputation." In determining if Smart was really mad or not, Blaydes concluded, "in Smart's day, any sign of enthusiasm would have been cause for the judgment of madness [...] Two accounts of Smart and the nature of his madness have been preserved for us. Each permits some doubt that the poet was mad and could be regarded so in any age."
Frances Anderson, in 1974 characterised Smart's "illness" as insanity and obsession, but believed that "Smart's madness consisted of his efforts to obey literally St Paul's injunction to the Thessalonians: 'Pray without ceasing. During his episodes of illness, as Anderson continued, Smart "probably suffered some periods of delirium" but also "appeared to know what he was doing". Smart's actions were similar to 18th-century Methodists that were "addicted to public prayer with what was thought to be overly charged high spirits. Such displayers of religious emotionalism were often confined not only to private madhouses, but also to Bedlam". Later in 1998, Charles Rosen pointed out that "The Enlightenment condemned religious enthusiasm as appropriate for the uneducated and the great unwashed" and "it is understandable that the only original and vital religious poetry between 1760 and 1840 should have been written by poets considered genuinely mad by their contemporaries: Smart, Blake, and Hölderlin."
Accounts at the end of the 20th century focused on the effects of Smart's confinement. Clement Hawes, following Michel Foucault's interpretation of the 18th century that there was an animality' of madness", believed that Smart emotionally connected with animals because of the "medical stigmatization" he felt at the hands of his fellow man. Chris Mounsey, agreeing with Hawes's interpretation, believed that Smart's treatment was "a bestializing process and had taught him to hold his tongue and sit out his time as quietly as possible." Contrary to the bestialisation, Allan Ingram argued that "Jubilate Agno" was "a poetic phenomenon that would have demolished contemporary poetic orthodoxies had it been publishable. The mad individual presented a gross distortion of the human form that nevertheless insisted on remaining human, but mad language could be even more disturbing."

</doc>
<doc id="18469594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469594" title="Heather Blush">
Heather Blush

Heather Blush is a Canadian jazz and blues singer based in Calgary.
She normally performs with her band The Uppercuts, who are Steve Hazlett (drums) and Dale Ulan (upright bass); under the name Heather Blush and the Uppercuts.
According to Kelly Doody of the Calgary Sun, her voice was described as a mix of Joni Mitchell and Norah Jones.
Blush was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba and grew up in different small towns in the province. She studied to be a music therapist in Florida. 
She then came to Calgary, Alberta where she recorded her first album in 2005, titled "First Blush", with producer Dan Donahue in Winnipeg, before forming 'Heather Blush and Triple S', the name of her band before Stu Davies (lead guitarist) left the band in 2007. Shane Sutherland played upright bass with The Uppercuts until 2010.
Her second album is "Vice" (2008), and her third album is "Versa" (2009, meant as part 2 of the "Vice" album);.

</doc>
<doc id="18469609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469609" title="Wildlife Watch Australia">
Wildlife Watch Australia

Wildlife Watch Australia is a non-profit organisation located in Australia established in 2008 by Glenn Allen, the organisation leader and public relations officer.
Wildlife Watch Australia's main goal is to raise funds for the purchase of land in regional and outback regions throughout Australia for restoration and conservation. The conservation areas are used as housing for wildlife already living on the land, as a new home for relocated wildlife and a location for planting trees.

</doc>
<doc id="18469654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469654" title="East Main Street (CDOT station)">
East Main Street (CDOT station)

East Main Street will be a station on the Hartford-New Britain Busway located in the city of New Britain.
References.
Map of Busway (PDF)

</doc>
<doc id="18469662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469662" title="Mikkalo, Oregon">
Mikkalo, Oregon

Mikkalo is an unincorporated community in Gilliam County, Oregon, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a ZIP code of 97861. Mikkalo is about northwest of Clem.
Climate.
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Mikkalo has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18469665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469665" title="East Street (CDOT station)">
East Street (CDOT station)

East Street will be a station on the Hartford-New Britain Busway located in the city of New Britain.
References.
Map of Busway (PDF)

</doc>
<doc id="18469672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469672" title="List of stadiums in India">
List of stadiums in India

The following is a list of stadiums in India, ordered by capacity. Currently all stadiums with a 12,000 or more are included.

</doc>
<doc id="18469678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469678" title="Cedar Street (CDOT station)">
Cedar Street (CDOT station)

Cedar Street will be a station on the Hartford-New Britain Busway located in the town of Newington, Connecticut.
References.
Map of Busway (PDF)

</doc>
<doc id="18469700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469700" title="Lybia">
Lybia

Lybia is a genus of small crabs in the family Xanthidae. Their common names include boxer crabs, boxing crabs and pom-pom crabs. They are notable for their mutualism with sea anemones, which they hold in their claws for defense. In return, the anemones get carried around which may enable them to capture more food particles with their tentacles. Boxer crabs use at least three different species of anemones, including "Bundeopsis" spp. and "Triactis producta". The bonding with the anemone is not required for survival, however, and boxer crabs have frequently been known to live without them, sometimes substituting other organisms such as sponges and corals for the sea anemones.
The genus "Lybia" contains the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="18469704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469704" title="Muslim Central College">
Muslim Central College

Muslim Central College is a college in Kalutara District, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="18469710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469710" title="Elmwood (CDOT station)">
Elmwood (CDOT station)

Elmwood will be a station on the Hartford-New Britain Busway located in the town of West Hartford, Connecticut.
References.
Map of Busway (PDF)

</doc>
<doc id="18469715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469715" title="Junior Mikamou">
Junior Mikamou

Junior Mikamou is a Gabonese amateur boxer. Mikamou won a bronze medal at the 2007 All-Africa Games, losing to Manyo Plange of Ghana.

</doc>
<doc id="18469721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469721" title="1993 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1993 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1993 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1993年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1993 for the 1992 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1993 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18469724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469724" title="Flatbush Avenue (CDOT station)">
Flatbush Avenue (CDOT station)

 
Flatbush Avenue will be one of two station stops in West Hartford, CT on the CTfastrak transit system that is located in the town of West Hartford, Connecticut. As of December 2011, the existing buildings on the corner of Newfield Street and Flatbush Avenue have been razed, as well as the existing car dealership and neighboring buildings on the corner of Flatbush and New Park Avenues. The rebuilding of the sewer system on Flatbush Avenue is currently underway. In September 2012, construction was started on the new Flatbush Avenue Bridge that will carry vehicles and pedestrians over the CTfastrak and Amtrak routes.
References.
Map of Busway (PDF)

</doc>
<doc id="18469742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469742" title="Kane Street (CDOT station)">
Kane Street (CDOT station)

Kane Street will be a station on the Hartford-New Britain Busway located in the city of Hartford, Connecticut.
References.
Map of Busway (PDF)

</doc>
<doc id="18469754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469754" title="Park Street (CDOT station)">
Park Street (CDOT station)

Parkville will be a station on the Hartford-New Britain Busway located in the city of Hartford, Connecticut.
References.
Map of Busway (PDF)

</doc>
<doc id="18469762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469762" title="Sigourney Street (CDOT station)">
Sigourney Street (CDOT station)

Sigourney Street will be a bus station on the CTfastrak route located in the city of Hartford, Connecticut.
References.
CTfastrak map (PDF)

</doc>
<doc id="18469764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469764" title="Akikusa Gakuen Junior College">
Akikusa Gakuen Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18469774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469774" title="La Ultima Rumba de Papa Montero">
La Ultima Rumba de Papa Montero

La Ultima Rumba de Papa Montero is a 1992 Cuban film directed by Octavio Cortázar. The film focuses on a contemporary documentary production company that is attempting to create a non-fiction feature on Papa Montero, a 1930s "rumbero" who was murdered during Havana’s Carnaval celebrations. The film uses flashback sequences to recreate Papa Montero's celebrated dancing and his disastrous involvement in a fatal love triangle. 
The film features rumba-inspired dance sequences performed on the streets of Havana by El Conjunto Folklorico Nacional de Cuba.
"La Ultima Rumba de Papa Montero" had a U.S. theatrical and home video release in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18469777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469777" title="Desert Discovery Center">
Desert Discovery Center

The Desert Discovery Center is a public-run community education center located in Barstow, California. The center is staffed by the Bureau of Land Management and focuses on promoting awareness of desert life to local residents.
The Center is a partnership among the Bureau of Land Management, National Park Service, Barstow Unified School District, Barstow Community College, Mojave River Valley Museum, City of Barstow, and Discovery Trails, a non-profit organization dedicated to the Mojave Desert.
The Center was formerly known as the California Desert Information Center, and houses the Old Woman Meteorite, the second largest meteorite in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18469783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469783" title="1994 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1994 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1994 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1994年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1994 for the 1993 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1994 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18469793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469793" title="Bates, Oregon">
Bates, Oregon

Bates is an unincorporated community in Grant County, Oregon, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office with a ZIP code of 97817. The elevation is .
Bates was a lumber mill town until 1975 with a population of up to 400. Bates State Park opened in 2011.
Climate.
This climatic region is typified by large seasonal temperature differences, with warm to hot (and often humid) summers and cold (sometimes severely cold) winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Bates has a humid continental climate, abbreviated "Dfb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18469811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469811" title="Blake Chanslor">
Blake Chanslor

G. Blake Chanslor (June 8, 1920 – April 10, 2009) was an American businessman and philanthropist who founded the Blake's Lotaburger restaurant chain in 1952. Blake's Lotaburger is based in New Mexico.
Chanslor was born in Borger, Texas, on June 8, 1920. He served in the United States Navy during World War II. Chanslor moved to New Mexico following the end of the war.
Chanslor opened the first Lotaburger in 1952. Lotaburger priced a hamburger and a bag of potato chips at thirty-five cents at the time of its opening. He opened two more Lotaburger locations in 1953. He continued to own the company until 2003.
Chanslor sold Lotaburger in 2003. Lotaburger posted $30 million in sales and seventy-five locations throughout New Mexico at the time of the 2003 sale. As of 2009 The company is run by Ronald Rule and Brian Rule as of 2009.
News reports listed Chanslor as a major donor to the Heart Hospital's New Heart Center for Wellness, Fitness and Rehabilitation in Albuquerque.

</doc>
<doc id="18469822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469822" title="Kawaguchi Junior College">
Kawaguchi Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18469842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469842" title="The Billboard March">
The Billboard March

"The Billboard March" is a circus march written in 1901 by John N. Klohr, and dedicated to the "Billboard" music-industry magazine. Its tune is widely known among Americans, and it has been repeatedly used in mass media, even though its title is little known.
The major theme of its last half lends itself to songs. A relatively early "G-rated" set of lyrics for it was heard from engineers who had been students at Capitol Radio Electronics Institute by Willard Scott and Ed Walker, the stars of what became "The Joy Boys" radio program at WRC-AM in Washington, D.C. in the 1950s. They recorded it in two versions (a duet between them, and Walker singing in four-part harmony with himself), for use as, respectively, the opening and closing themes for the show: 
That version was adapted into one sung and whistled by the drugged naval captain in the 1964 film "Ensign Pulver".
The 2004 film "The Stepford Wives" used the march.
The same song tune is used for a group of rowdy songs that share the line 
followed by a line beginning either "I always ..." or "Oh yes I ...".

</doc>
<doc id="18469851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469851" title="Kokusai Gakuin Saitama Junior College">
Kokusai Gakuin Saitama Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18469857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469857" title="Flipswap">
Flipswap

Flipswap Inc. is a pioneer in the incentive driven reuse of mobile phones. Flipswap's headquarters are located in Torrance, California.
Flipswap acquires mobile phones in order to resell (as a form of reuse) or recycle them in an environmentally friendly manner through various free and eco-friendly services. They do this to make sure that a potentially long lifespan is achieved for electronics that are still usable and useful. Flipswap has created a unique method of collecting mobile phones by partnering with a wide array of retailers, e-tailers, device manufacturers and websites. Flipswap offers trade-in services for instant store credit at over 6,000 participating Flipswap retail locations
In 2007 alone, Flipswap put enough phones back into use to keep the equivalent of 50 tons of solid waste, most of it toxic, out of landfills. It expects to reach 1 million phones traded by Q2 2009.
In 2008 Flipswap raised $14M in series B funding from RRE Ventures and NGEN Partners 
In February 2011, AT&T began offering Flipswap services through all its corporate retail locations 

</doc>
<doc id="18469861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469861" title="Kyoei Gakuen Junior College">
Kyoei Gakuen Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18469863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469863" title="List of schooners">
List of schooners

The following are notable schooner-rigged vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="18469866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469866" title="Musashino Junior College">
Musashino Junior College

History.
The school was founded in 1920 as . It was chartered as a college in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18469874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469874" title="Fox, Oregon">
Fox, Oregon

Fox is an unincorporated community in Grant County, Oregon, United States, on U.S. Route 395 south of Long Creek.
Fox is named after Fox Creek, a tributary of the North Fork John Day River. The creek was named for an incident involving a fox that occurred during a hunting or prospecting trip in pioneer times. Fox post office was established about 1883. Fox post office was discontinued in 2002, and formerly had a ZIP code of 97831. Fox is now served by the Long Creek post office (ZIP code 97845).
Climate.
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Fox has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18469888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469888" title="Ceanothus spinosus">
Ceanothus spinosus

Ceanothus spinosus, with the common names Greenbark ceanothus and Redheart, is a species of "Ceanothus". It is native to southern California and northern Baja California, where it grows in the scrub and chaparral of the coastal mountain ranges. 
Description.
"Ceanothus spinosus" is a large treelike shrub approaching in maximum height. The stem is a rough-barked trunk near the base and has thorny, green to greenish-brown branches. The thick, firm evergreen leaves are up to 4 or 5 centimeters long and are hairless on the upper surface but sometimes lined with hairs underneath. 
The shrub blooms in inflorescences up to 15 centimeters long filled with clusters of white to pale blue flowers. The fruit is a smooth, round capsule about half a centimeter wide containing 3 seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="18469895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469895" title="Rodeph Shalom">
Rodeph Shalom

Rodeph (or Rodef) Shalom, which means "pursuers of peace", may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18469896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469896" title="Merillian">
Merillian

Merillian is a US company that makes board games, including the build-a-board game set Flibbix and the Flibbix Puzzler iPhone-optimized web game. It is located in the Puget Sound near Seattle in Duvall, Washington and was founded in 2006 by CEO Jason Ivan.
Meaning of the Name.
The name "Merillian" comes from the words "Million," "Merry," and "Millennium." Together, it means "Lots of fun for a really long time."

</doc>
<doc id="18469900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469900" title="Saitama Junshin Junior College">
Saitama Junshin Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18469912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469912" title="Bruno Bongongo">
Bruno Bongongo

Bruno Bongongo (born June 30, 1985) is an amateur boxer from the Central African Republic. Bongongo fought for the Central African Republic at the 2008 Summer Olympics, losing to Cameroon's Joseph Mulema in the opening round welterweight contest.

</doc>
<doc id="18469928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469928" title="Roger W. Stoller">
Roger W. Stoller

Roger White Stoller (born January 21, 1954) is an American sculptor who specializes in large works integrating bronze and granite. He currently works out of studios in Portola Valley & San Jose, California.
Background.
Stoller was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. His early influences include architect and global thinker R. Buckminster Fuller 
and sculptor Isamu Noguchi. Stoller received his Bachelor of Science in 
Product Design from the Art Center College of Design in 1981.
Over the next fifteen years, Stoller founded the design firm Stoller Design and co-founded Praxis Design Associates, 
both specializing in product development for corporate clients. While working in the field he taught in the industrial design program at San Jose State University. 
In 1996, Stoller left Praxis and established the sculpture firm Stoller Studio committing himself to sculpture entirely. 
He currently sculpts full time out of studios in Portola Valley and San Jose, California.
Artistic work.
Stoller Studio's ongoing production is in public art, abstract fine art works and applied art commissions. Stoller specializes in large-scale, signature works 
including materials such as bronze, granite, water, and light. His sculpture often abstractly reflects forms found in nature.
"By incorporating and interpreting the underlying geometry nature is using, I walk in the tension between precise control and the sheer joy of spontaneous expression. It is the awesome power of nature and the exploration into the essence of life that fuel my passion; this is why I sculpt." -Roger Stoller

</doc>
<doc id="18469936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469936" title="American mountain deer">
American mountain deer

Odocoileus lucasi, historically incorrectly confused with "Navahoceros fricki", and known as the American mountain deer, is an extinct species of North American deer.
Name.
Kurten described a species he called "Navahoceros fricki" in 1975. However, his analysis has been questioned based on technical grounds and new paleontological data. Kurten’s analysis presented in 1,5 pages was based on averages of length of dissociated bones (samples sizes 9–52), without specifying the sex nor age of the source animals, nor providing standard deviations to let the reader know about variability due to sex and age. As neither the museum catalog numbers were listed, it is impossible to duplicate his analysis.
One comparative element he used were the skeletal measurements of a single (1) mule deer, but he did not provide the data on sex, age or locality. However, from data provided by Klein (1964) and McMahon (1975), the relative lower leg length of mule deer can vary at least by 22%. 
Kurten also stated that "Navahoceros" resembled ibex ("Capra ibex") based on short metapodials which made him label the "Navahoceros" as a mountain deer with an Alpine climbing mode of locomotion (like ibex), but without providing data on ibex. However, data from Fernandez and Monchot (2007) on ibex show that their bone measurements are far from the averages of "Navahoceros" presented by Kurten.
Kurten made the explicit correlation that "Hippocamelus" was related to "Navahoceros', only differing by having two, instead of three antler tines, and he thus considered "Hippocamelus" implicitly to be homologous to chamois and ibex. However, "Hippocamelus" grow 4 and even 5 tines on each antler, invalidating Kurten's claim, and regarding skeletal proportion, he provided no data on "Hippocamelus". Recently, complete appendages were compared between "Hippocamelus bisulcus", Mountain goats ("Oreamnos americanus"), ibex, Himalayan Tahr ("Hemitragus jemlahicus"), Bighorn sheep ("Ovis canadensis"), "Navahoceros", Chamois ("Rupicapra rupicapra"), Ovis ammon, Tule elk ("Cervus nannodes"), Mule deer ("Odocoileus hemionus"), "Odocoileus lucasi", Red deer ("Cervus elaphus"), and "Antilope cervicapra". Huemul morphology did not overlap with rock climbing species previously considered analogous, but falls within the range of other cervids. In fact, considering the reported variation on leg proportions among several cervids, which can reach 70%, there are Rangifer and Odocoileus virginianus populations with shorter legs than the "H. bisulcus" sample (by 14%).
Morejohn and Dailey (2004) published the analysis of the osteological anatomy and morphology of a practically complete skeleton of a Pleistocene adult male, "Odocoileus lucasi" (Hay 1927) along with other collections labeled as "O. lucasi". Moreover, for their 54-page analysis they visited most collections of samples identified as "Navahoceros" as well as other species for a comparative analysis ("Cervalces scotti, Alces alces, Rangifer tarandus, Odocoileus hemionus, O. virginianus, Hippocamelus antisensis, H. bisulcus, Mazama americana, Pudu mephistophiles, P. puda, Ozotoceros bezoarticus, Blastocerus dichotomus"), located in 27 different institutions worldwide. 
They also dissected and analyzed fresh materials of "Alces, Cervus, Mazama, Odocoileus hemionus" and "O. virginianus, Ozotoceros, Pudu", and "Rangifer".
The main conclusion from their analysis are as follows:
– they consider "Navahoceros" to be a "nomen nudum". 
– all revised bones which were labeled as "Navahoceros" were shown to belong to "Odocoileus lucasi". This includes exhibition-mounts which were assembled from dissociated bones.
Although "Navahoceros" entered the scene based on a very weak analysis which is impossible to verify, the best current evidence based on an extensive comparative study shows that "Navahoceros" was an invalid construct and pertains to "Odocoileus lucasi Hay 1927". Subsequent publications referring to Kurten’s "Navahoceros" simply cited his interpretations without questioning its validity. It is recommended that any future discussion, or reference to "Navahoceros", be done explicitly in relation to the known information on "Odocoileus lucasi".
The interpretations as given above are not without controversy. Morejohn and Dailey (2004) were primarily focused on documenting differences between Old World cervids and those of the New World. The fossil skeletal material from Honey Lake was assigned to "Odocoileus lucasi" on perceived similarities with the holotype, a first phalanx, and the paratype, an astragalus. However, no discussion of the perceived similarities was given and, in the discussion regarding the first phalanx, the only direct comparison mentioned was that of a difference between the Honey Lake first phalanx and that of "Odocoileus". It can legitimately be argued insofar as published material goes that it is "O. lucasi" that is a "nomen nudum".
Other evidence strongly suggests differences between "Navahoceros" and "Odocoileus". Webb (1992) studied a cranium of "Navahoceros" from San Josecito Cave and concluded that "Rangifer", not "Odocoileus", was the sister taxon of "Navahoceros". Both "Blastoceras" and "Hippocamelus" were found to be closer to "Navahoceros" than the latter was to other members of the subfamily such as "Odocoileus". It is thus far from settled that "Navahoceros" is a synonym of "Odocoileus".
Assuming that the assignment to "Odocoileus" were to be accepted, it is unlikely that the late Pleistocene taxon is conspecific with "O. lucasi" (nor did Morejohn and Daily claim so). Measurements from the literature and the geologic time span involved would indicate otherwise. 
Range.
Kurten in 1975 described "Navahoceros fricki" as an extinct member of the family Cervidae and was most common in the North American Rocky Mountains during the Pleistocene. It survived to about 11,500 BP from evidence found in Burnet Cave in the Guadalupe Mountains of southern New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18469937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469937" title="Saitama Women's Junior College">
Saitama Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18469958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469958" title="Mildred Grosberg Bellin">
Mildred Grosberg Bellin

Mildred Grosberg Bellin (September 7, 1908 – February 15, 2008) was an American cookbook author. She is most noted for her influential cookbooks "Modern Jewish Meals" and "The Jewish Cookbook", which brought modern nutritional ideas into Jewish cooking.
Biography.
Mildred Grosberg was born and raised in Schenectady, New York. Her father was Joseph E. Grosberg, a grocery industry pioneer and one of the founders of what later became the Price Chopper grocery chain. She attended Smith College, from which she graduated in 1928 and where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. After graduation she directed meal-planning clubs and cooking classes at the Jewish Community Center in Albany, New York, and married Dr. Harold Bellin, an Albany physician. In the 1930s, she wrote "Modern Kosher Meals", which in later editions was renamed "Modern Jewish Meals". This menu-planning cookbook was marketed as "first aid" for presenting "modern, economical, palatable, scientifically prepared Kosher food." Bellin's publisher, Bloch Publishing Company of New York, claimed that the book sold more than 90,000 copies.
In his early book, "Aller Retour New York", Henry Miller mentions seeing "Modern Kosher Meals" in a bookstore he called the "National Jewish Book Concern" on 31st Street in New York City, citing it (and other Jewish-interest books) in a disparaging fashion as evidence of the growing Jewish influence that he said was taking over New York.
Riding on the success of "Modern Jewish Meals", she then took on the task of updating an older classic, "The International Jewish Cookbook", originally written by Florence Kreisler Greenbaum for Bloch Publishing and published in 1918. Over time, Bellin expanded, revised, and modernized the book, until, in its 1958 edition, it contained more than 3,000 recipes, both traditional and non-traditional, taken from all parts of the Jewish world and from other cultures as well, adjusted both for the laws of Kashrut and for the requirements of the “modern” kitchen. Bellin wrote that "Jewish cooking in its fullest sense, is international cooking based on the dietary laws," and she made an effort to combine the nutritional ideas of her day with the traditional foods of the Jewish kitchen. In a 1967 essay, Cynthia Ozick focused on "The Jewish Cookbook" as an exemplar of kosher cookbooks, describing it as "a well-organized volume with a good index and a dizzily cosmopolitan glossary including both "pupick" and "zabaglione"."
Bellin also published columns on Jewish cooking in Gourmet Magazine and a syndicated column for the Jewish Telegraphic Agency and various Jewish newspapers. After Dr. Bellin's death in 1970, she moved to Tulsa, Oklahoma, where she lived until her death in 2008 at the age of 99.
The Jewish Cookbook underwent minor revisions and was reissued again in 1983 under the title "The Original Jewish Cookbook". It remains available from Bloch Publishing and continues to be an authority for traditional and non-traditional Jewish recipes. Bellin’s books were discussed in the catalog for the Jewish Museum’s 1990 exhibition “Getting Comfortable in New York,” and "Modern Jewish Meals" was included in a 2006 exhibition on Jewish foodways at the National Museum of American Jewish History in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="18469959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469959" title="George S. Hammond">
George S. Hammond

George S. Hammond (May 22, 1921 – October 5, 2005) was a chemist at Iowa State University and the California Institute of Technology. Born and raised in Auburn, Maine, he attended nearby Bates College in Lewiston, Maine where he graduated Magna Cum Laude with a B.S. in Chemistry in 1943. He completed his doctorate at Harvard in 1947, under the mentorship of
Paul D. Bartlett, and a postdoc at UCLA with Saul Winstein in 1948. Among his awards were the Norris Award in 1968 and the Priestley Medal in 1976 and the National Medal of Science in 1994. Hammond's postulate, also known as the Hammond-Leffler postulate, was based on his 1955 publication.
Hammond was a leader in the field of photochemistry and was widely credited with creating the discipline of organic photochemistry. 

</doc>
<doc id="18469964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469964" title="Mass Effect 3">
Mass Effect 3

Mass Effect 3 is an action role-playing video game developed by BioWare and published by Electronic Arts for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and Wii U. Officially announced on December 11, 2010, the game was released March 6, 2012 and marks the final chapter in the "Mass Effect" trilogy of video games, completing the story of Commander Shepard. A Wii U version was announced during Nintendo's conference at E3 2012. The Wii U port was developed by Australian developer Straight Right, and was released as a Wii U launch game under the title Mass Effect 3: Special Edition.
The combat system in "Mass Effect 3" has been changed and refined. In particular, the cover system has been improved, there are more options for moving around the battlefield and scoring instant melee kills, more conventional grenades are available and an improved artificial intelligence is introduced. A four player multiplayer co-op mode is also available in game. Gameplay in "Mass Effect 3" is influenced by decisions made in "Mass Effect" and "Mass Effect 2", for players who have completed those games. It was nominated for five awards at the 2012 Spike Video Game Awards and it won Best RPG of 2012.
Like its predecessors, "Mass Effect 3" was released to commercial success and critical acclaim. However, the game's endings were criticized by many players, prompting the release of an extended cut DLC (downloadable content) which elaborated on the consequences of the ending chosen and the choices made by the player throughout the series.
Gameplay.
Certain aspects of gameplay in "Mass Effect 3" are impacted by choices made in previous games. When starting a new game, players with saved files from "Mass Effect" and "Mass Effect 2" are given the option of importing them into "Mass Effect 3" to reflect these choices. If a saved file is imported, over 1000 variables are pulled to help shape how the final chapter is experienced. If there are no saved files available, there is an origin-story comic for new players to help them make quick decisions like there was in "Mass Effect 2". Imported characters' appearance and class are changeable, with more features and hair-styles included in the character creator than in "Mass Effect 2". Commander Shepard always starts the game with some powers. Upon finishing the game, a New Game+ option allows players to continue playing after the main story ends, starting again with their finished Shepard to collect items they missed the first time around. The game has 82 minutes of cut-scenes.
"Mass Effect 3" has three pre-set campaign modes: Action Mode, Story Mode, and RPG Mode. In Action Mode, conversations have automatic replies and a normal combat difficulty. In Story Mode, conversations have manual replies and a minimal combat difficulty. In RPG Mode, which is reflective of the typical "Mass Effect" experience, conversations have manual replies and a normal combat difficulty. Overall, the RPG elements in the game have been improved over those in "Mass Effect 2", with a more detailed leveling up system and increased weapon customization. To level up characters, players have skills that start along a single path but eventually splinter into two branches where they can select only one upgrade or the other along a sequence of possibilities. Players can also customize their weapons with different scopes, mods, barrels, and ammo types. There are 25 weapon mods total — five per weapon type — and each of them will have multiple power levels to collect. For Kinect users, players have the option to speak their choices instead of selecting them with a controller.
The number of characters available as permanent squad mates in "Mass Effect 3" is smaller than in "Mass Effect 2" for the purposes of deeper relationships and more interesting interplay, including same-sex relationship options for both male and female Shepards. If players achieved a love interest in both "Mass Effect" and "Mass Effect 2", then both vie for Shepard's attention in "Mass Effect 3". This "love triangle" is resolved by the end of the game.
Throughout "Mass Effect 3", players must increase their Effective Military Strength (EMS) to prepare for the game's final mission. EMS is calculated by multiplying Total Military Strength (TMS) with Readiness Rating. TMS is a measure of War Assets, which includes accomplishments from "Mass Effect" and "Mass Effect 2" as well as items acquired in "Mass Effect 3". These items can be acquired in various ways, including casual conversations and planet scanning. Planet scanning has been greatly simplified from "Mass Effect 2" and no longer includes the scanning of every planet individually. Other mini-games from "Mass Effect 2", including bypassing and hacking, have been eliminated.
Combat.
Combat in "Mass Effect 3" is changed and refined from "Mass Effect 2", with further emphasis put on third-person perspective aspects to make the game more commercially viable. In a preview of the game for IGN, editor Arthur Gies went so far as to say the game "plays like a shooter" and that "combat-wise, "Mass Effect 3" is in an entirely different space the first two games". In an article for bitgamer, Joe Martin gave a conflicting impression, noting that with regard to combat, "not a lot has changed".
The series' cover system has been improved so players no longer need to slide into cover and then hop over objects. Players have more options for moving around the battlefield than ever before, including a refined sprint capability, combat rolling, and the use of climbable ladders. Players can also blindfire their weapons from covered positions, and have opportunities to shoot selected armor pieces and limbs off enemies. For Kinect users, verbal orders can be issued to move squad mates and use their powers. Moving and shooting, a "suicidal maneuver" in "Mass Effect 2", is now a viable option because of a revised melee system. Players are able to execute formidable punches and attacks, and instant melee kills are introduced specific to each class; for example, by holding down the melee button, a soldier Shepard will deliver a killing blow with an omni-blade. Conventional grenades are also available.
"Mass Effect 3" was planned as the most difficult in the series, with increased artificial intelligence to challenge players and increase the sense of reward. Enemies no longer act as individuals as they did in the previous games, instead fighting and supporting each other in units. Enemies include tall Cerberus mechs, assault troopers, and ninja-style shock troops, as well as Reaperized husks of all races and Reaper ships ranging from long. Some changes were made to already-existing class types; for example, Engineers are now able to build turrets.
Multiplayer.
"Mass Effect 3" offers a multiplayer co-op mode called "Galaxy at War", the first such mode of the series. In the mode, players are able to play alongside up to three other players online in unique missions that can impact the outcome of the single player campaign. Each mission was designed specifically for multiplayer, and involves taking over enemy strongholds. By completing these missions, players can give themselves a better chance of attaining a perfect ending in the single player campaign; although, they are not necessary to do so. Over the course of one year, BioWare released five free DLC packs for the multiplayer mode that added several types of new content. The mode has been compared to "Gears of War"s horde mode.
Players have the ability to fight against 4 different opponents: the Reapers, geth, Cerberus, and with the "Retaliation" DLC installed the Collectors. Battles take place over a choice of more than 15 maps, with 4 choices of difficulty, Bronze (Easy) Silver (Normal) Gold (Hard) and with the "Earth" DLC installed Platinum (Very Hard). Platinum maps will randomly spawn tank units from random races in addition to the key race being fought against; an example might be Reaper Ravagers fighting alongside Cerberus Troopers or a geth Prime assisting Reaper Banshees. Each map lasts for 10 rounds, with players defending against waves of attack, each getting progressively harder. Certain waves will have the team performing certain goals, such as defusing doctrine devices, enabling remote weapon stations, hacking computers, killing key targets, escorting probes, or transporting critical hardware (such as hard drives or warheads).
No characters from the single-player campaign are featured in the multiplayer mode; instead, players create brand new characters for themselves and can play as members of non-human species, including asari, batarians, drell, krogans, quarians, salarians, turians, geth, vorcha, volus, and more. Every race has unique powers, such as a "Krogan Charge" for krogans and different movement options out of cover between drell and humans. All classes are playable. The maximum level that created characters are able to reach is 20, and just like in the single player mode, leveling up includes skill branches.
Gameplay in the multiplayer mode only allows for players to carry two guns at a time in their inventory, and there is no menu to change weapons; instead, weapons are changed by holding down a button. Only three powers per class are also available as opposed to those available during the single player game. Characters, equipment, mods, and weapons are acquired randomly with the purchase of graded kits. The kits are purchased with multiplayer in-game credits or real-life currency.
One year after game release, BioWare discontinued any further multiplayer challenges, while leaving the challenge system functional and servers up.
Synopsis.
Background.
"Mass Effect 3" details the adventures of Systems Alliance Commander Shepard as they try to defeat a human-survivalist paramilitary group called Cerberus and a synthetic-organic race of machines known as the Reapers. The Reapers are immensely powerful and purge the galaxy of all advanced sapient life in 50,000 year cycles. In the "Mass Effect 2" DLC "Arrival", Shepard travels into Batarian space to rescue an Alliance deep cover agent named Dr. Amanda Kenson and learns that the Reaper invasion is imminent. To delay them, Shepard is forced to destroy a mass relay, obliterating the system and killing 300,000 Batarian colonists as collateral damage. Consequently, Shepard is ordered back to Earth with the Normandy impounded.
Plot.
"Mass Effect 3" begins on Earth with Commander Shepard having been detained following the events in "". In the opening moments it is revealed that Earth has recently lost contact with its extra-solar assets and is hastily preparing for the imminent Reaper arrival. The assault comes moments later, and all of Earth's defenses are overwhelmed. Shepard escapes a burning Vancouver on the Normandy with the help of Admiral Anderson and either Kaidan Alenko or Ashley Williams (depending on which survived Virmire), and leaves to gather help from other species while Anderson coordinates human resistance on Earth. Before leaving the Sol System, Shepard is ordered to Mars by Admiral Hackett, who claims that researchers have uncovered something that may give humanity a chance against the Reapers. There, Shepard battles Cerberus forces and encounters former squad-mate Liara T'Soni, who has discovered plans for a Prothean superweapon that may be capable of defeating the Reapers. Before leaving the facility, Shepard speaks with a now-hostile Illusive Man, who claims he wants to use the Prothean weapon to take control of the Reapers. Using an advanced Cerberus AI codenamed "Eva", he attempts to steal the data. Shepard, Liara, and Ashley/Kaidan manage to stop Eva, but Ashley/Kaidan are badly injured and are sent to a hospital on the Citadel.
Shepard pleads for help from the Council, but they are reluctant to oblige due to their own preoccupations and unwilling to bet everything on an untested device. Shepard realizes that the only way to gain other species' assistance will be to help them in their own wars against the Reapers and garner favors, while at the same time gathering war assets to be used against the Reapers in battle. Eventually, Hackett begins construction on the Prothean weapon and dubs it "The Crucible".
After rescuing the turian primarch from a battle on one of Palaven's moons (as well as reuniting with squadmate Garrus Vakarian), Shepard convenes a war summit, consisting of Shepard, the primarch, and representatives for the salarians and the krogan. The primarch promises Shepard turian support for Earth, but only if the krogan agree to help defend Palaven. The summit goes badly at first, with Urdnot Wrex/Wreav (depending on whether Wrex survived Virmire) withholding all krogan support until a cure for the genophage can be created. The cure is being developed on the salarian homeworld of Sur'Kesh by former squadmate Mordin Solus (if he survived the events of Mass Effect 2) and a team of scientists. After a series of battles on Tuchanka, the krogan homeworld, Shepard can either cure the genophage or trick Wrex/Wreav into believing it has been cured. If Shepard decides to go forward with the cure, Mordin sacrifices his life at the last moment to counteract a salarian-planned sabotage to it. If Shepard decides not to use the cure, they are forced to shoot Mordin to prevent him from fixing the sabotage -- unless Shepard can convince him that it would be best to leave the genophage uncured.
After gaining the support of the krogan and the turians, Shepard learns that Cerberus has launched an assault on the Citadel. Shepard moves to save the salarian councilor, who reveals that Donnel Udina, humanity's councilor, engineered the attack. Shepard also encounters Kai Leng, a notorious Cerberus assassin, and prevents him from assassinating the salarian councilor with the help of Thane Krios or Captain Kirrahe(provided either man survives their game), who are fatally wounded in the attempt. Shepard then moves to stop Udina, who is planning to hand off the asari and turian councilors to Cerberus, and being guarded by Kaidan or Ashley, who has been made a Spectre. Depending on previous choices made during the game, such as visiting them in the hospital, Kaidan or Ashley can side with Shepard and help Shepard take Udina down, or side against Shepard and be killed. Either way, Udina is stopped.
Shepard then travels to the Far Rim to meet with the admirals of the quarian flotilla. Shepard learns that the quarians have gone to war with the geth, and are attempting to reclaim Rannoch, their homeworld. With Tali'Zorah nar Rayya, Shepard boards a geth dreadnought that is broadcasting a short-range Reaper code to the geth. Shepard destroys it and finds Legion (or an identical geth VI, also dependent on the suicide mission), who tells Shepard that the geth, losing the war with the quarians, turned to the Reapers in desperation and were greatly enhanced at the cost of their independent thought, while Legion/the geth VI remains independent due to its unusual amount of active programs. With Legion/the geth VI's help, the geth are pushed back to a Reaper base which is projecting another Reaper signal. The source of the signal is discovered to be an actual Reaper, and with the help of an orbital strike from the quarian fleet, Shepard destroys it. With the Reaper control gone but the superior upgrades still viable, Shepard must choose either to allow the geth to upgrade and become fully individualized and free, in which case they retaliate against the quarian flotilla, annihilating it and causing Tali to commit suicide, or to shut down the geth consensus, which in turn allows the quarians to destroy the geth fleet and end them as a race. Alternatively, depending on past decisions, Shepard can allow the geth to upgrade while convincing the quarians that the geth do not want to fight them, making peace between the two and gaining support for Earth from both. 
Shepard is then informed by the asari councilor of a Prothean artifact on the asari homeworld, Thessia, which may be the key to finishing the Crucible. However, when the Normandy arrives on Thessia, the planet is already under heavy Reaper attack. Shepard must defend Thessia while simultaneously gathering information on the "Catalyst", an essential tool for the Crucible's effectiveness. The artifact the asari councilor referred to is revealed to be a Prothean beacon housing a VI called Vendetta. As it is about to reveal information regarding the Catalyst, Kai Leng arrives and steals the VI program. Deciding to take the fight to the Illusive Man, Shepard follows Leng to the Sanctuary research facility on the human colony Horizon, which Cerberus has been using to research methods of controlling the Reapers. There, Shepard saves Miranda Lawson (or her sister Oriana, if Miranda is dead) from her father and Leng in the research facility. Either of the sisters gives Shepard the location of Cerberus headquarters, which, with the help of Admiral Hackett and an Alliance fleet, Shepard assaults, killing Leng in the process but failing to capture the Illusive Man. After reacquiring Vendetta, Shepard learns that the Citadel itself is in fact the Catalyst, and that the Illusive Man has now become fully indoctrinated by the Reapers. Because of his indoctrination, the Illusive Man has informed the Reapers of the Citadel's pivotal function in the activation of the Crucible. In response, the Reapers capture the Citadel and move it to a defensible position above Earth, massing their fleets around it.
Under Hackett and Shepard's leadership, the combined fleets of all the races of the galaxy launch a massive final attack on the Reaper forces above Earth and on its surface in a last-ditch attempt to retake the Citadel and use it to activate the Crucible. After landing, Shepard assists in an assault on London, at the center of which there is a beam that connects to the orbiting Citadel. Reunited with Anderson, Shepard eventually begins the final push to the Citadel beam, but the attack force is decimated by Harbinger, the oldest and most powerful of the Reapers. During the charge, Shepard's squadmates are injured and evacuated. Shepard continues the charge alone, but is severely wounded in a blast from Harbinger, barely making it to the beam. Once on the Citadel, Shepard hears from Anderson, who also made it to the beam. Finding Anderson under the influence of the indoctrinated Illusive Man, Shepard succeeds in stopping the Cerberus leader, but Anderson is fatally wounded in the process. After opening the Citadel arms so that the Crucible can dock, Shepard is transported to the pinnacle of the Citadel, where a childlike AI appears. The AI declares that it is the Catalyst, and the creator of the Reapers. It reveals that the Reaper cycle is an attempt to prevent organic life from destroying itself by creating synthetic life; creators, the Catalyst argues, are always doomed to be destroyed by the created. The Catalyst characterizes the harvest as an ascendance, wherein advanced organic races are preserved in Reaper form and the opportunity is created for more primitive species to rise, evolve, and advance. In every cycle, the Catalyst studies the evolution of these organic species as well as their technological progression, with the ultimate goal of finding a solution to the conflict between synthetic and organic life.
The Catalyst says that it has lost faith in the Reapers' ability to achieve this purpose and, as now altered by the Crucible, gives Shepard three options of defeating them: control the Reapers, destroy the Reapers and all synthetic life, or synthesize all organic and synthetic life. Each choice results in Shepard's apparent death and the destruction of the entire mass relay network. London suffers varying degrees of damage and the Normandy crash lands on an alien planet. If the player's Effective Military Strength is high enough and Shepard chooses to destroy the Reapers, the game ends with a cutscene of Shepard taking a gasping breath from within a pile of rubble, hinting at survival. In a post-credits cutscene, an old man known as the "Stargazer" tells Shepard's story to a young boy, implying that Shepard's legacy lives on far into the future.
Extended Cut.
The Extended Cut reveals that the mass relays are only heavily damaged by the Crucible's firing instead of being destroyed as per the original ending, but most aspects of the plot remain the same. Additional scenes and dialogue have been added to clarify events and resolve perceived plot holes.
The three original ending choices have been modified to include a varying narration provided by Hackett (Destroy), a Reaper artificial intelligence modeled after Shepard (Control), or EDI (Synthesis) along with slides showing the impact the player's choices have had upon the galaxy, as well as the fate of surviving characters. If the player has a sufficiently high EMS score, the surviving crew of the Normandy is shown holding a memorial service for Shepard before repairing the damage from the crash and launching into space.
The Extended Cut also provides a fourth ending, triggered by either refusing the Catalyst's choices, or attempting to kill it when the player resumes control of Shepard. Consequently, the Crucible is not fired and the war ends with the systematic destruction of all space-faring civilizations, and the continuation of the Reaper cycle. The scene then shifts to an unknown garden world in the future where one of Liara's beacons has been discovered. Dialogue in the post-credits scene reveals that the knowledge gained from the beacon ultimately led to the next cycle's victory over the Reapers.
Development.
Origins.
From the start, BioWare envisioned the "Mass Effect" series as a trilogy, with the first two games being a preamble to the third. For this reason, BioWare was able to begin production on "Mass Effect 3" before "Mass Effect 2" was even released. The game was directed by Casey Hudson, who previously led the production of the first two "Mass Effect" games and "". To design the game, BioWare made sure to use fan feedback, similar to what they did for "Mass Effect 2". In particular, the game's development team paid close attention to past mistakes in the series as well as the critical failings of other BioWare titles such as "Dragon Age II". The team was able to devote most of their time to gameplay and storytelling because, according to BioWare Edmonton General Manager Aaron Flynn, they didn't have to worry about technology as it was "pretty maxed out". Initially, the game was predicted to be released at the end of 2011 or early 2012.
The lead writer of "Mass Effect 3" is Mac Walters, who previously wrote on other games in the "Mass Effect" series as well as "Jade Empire". One of the goals set by the writing staff at the beginning of production was to treat the game like a movie and make sure that players playing it for the first time would "just be able to jump in". Emphasis was put on making the story user friendly for players inexperienced with the franchise because BioWare felt they "didn't do a really good job of new player orientation" in "Mass Effect 2". To begin the writing process, Hudson and Walters sat down and created a story document no longer than three or four pages that contained all the major plot points. Once the document was complete, Walters took the document to the writing staff and began filling out minor details including minor plot points and missions. Once these details were complete and the "backbone of the story" was established, each writer was put in charge of specific levels and missions. Work done by each writer was reviewed in-depth by the rest of the writing staff and others.
Reveal.
On December 10, 2010, Electronic Arts posted the official synopsis for "Mass Effect 3" on their website, although the listing was later removed pending an official announcement at the 2010 Spike Video Game Awards. The following day, the game was confirmed for a "Holiday 2011" release and accompanied by a teaser trailer. On March 21, 2011, Tricia Helfer announced via Twitter that she would reprise her role from "Mass Effect 2" as EDI, and had already started voice-recording sessions. Seth Green soon followed, announcing that he would reprise his role from "Mass Effect 2" and the first "Mass Effect" as Joker.
The first detailed information regarding development of "Mass Effect 3" started being released in April 2011. On April 20, Belgian website 4gamers.be reported that BioWare were collaborating with "Battlefield" developer DICE in weapon development for the game. The same day, Game Informer released the first-ever screenshots of "Mass Effect 3" to help promote their May 10 cover story. On May 3, 2011, IGN announced that "Mass Effect 3" would be presented and demoed by Electronic Arts at the 2011 Electronic Entertainment Expo. The next day, BioWare announced that the game's release date had been pushed back to early 2012, in part so it could be tweaked to appeal to as wide a market as possible. On June 1, EA Games' online store uploaded artwork by mistake which revealed the game will have Kinect support. The artwork was later removed. At the 2011 E3 Convention, BioWare finally confirmed Kinect support in a gameplay video. The game's collector's edition, cover art, a new teaser trailer and official release date of March 6, 2012 were also revealed. For the first time, fans were shown actual gameplay videos, including a 15 minute demo supervised by Casey Hudson. At Comic-Con 2011, fans were given an opportunity to play a demo version of the game. Hudson and lead writer Mac Walters were both in attendance, with Hudson sitting on the Legendary Pictures panel to talk about the upcoming "Mass Effect" film and Walters sitting on the Dark Horse Comics panel. At Gamescon 2011, a new trailer was released demonstrating 50 seconds of combat gameplay. The game was also demoed at PAX Prime 2011.
Internal leaks and multiplayer.
On October 3, a leaked South African advertisement hinted at multiplayer capabilities for "Mass Effect 3". On October 10, multiple BioWare employees took to Twitter to announce that the game would have a multiplayer component. The announcement confirmed longstanding multiplayer rumors, stemming from a BioWare job listing in 2010 for someone to take "Mass Effect"s "existing single player user experiences and make them multiplayer safe". On October 12, an official trailer for the multiplayer mode was released through BioWare Pulse. Soon after, it was reported that a demo for both multiplayer and single-player modes would be released in January 2012.
On November 4, a private beta of "Mass Effect 3" became available on Xbox Live. The beta was only available to players who signed up to beta test a new version of the Xbox 360 Dashboard. In a response from Jesse Houston, it was revealed that the leak was the result of "human error" at Microsoft. Houston stressed that the leaked code was in a rough, unfinished state not intended for public release. Despite BioWare's quick response, some fan videos still made their way to YouTube. From the beta, some information was extracted from game files that represented rough notes from early story drafts. In an interview conducted shortly after the leaked script was removed, BioWare co-founders Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk revealed that feedback from fans who read it might be used to tweak the story before the game was released.
Pre-release.
On September 13, Casey Hudson posted to Twitter that "Mass Effect 3" was seeing signs of its final stage of production. A few days later, lead writer Mac Walters revealed that writing for the game was almost finished. Music started going into the game around the same time. On October 27, the development team transitioned into an "editing" stage where story elements were evaluated and key lines or scenes were re-written. Character lighting was being polished as of November 7 and voice overs were completely recorded by December 7. On December 10, the game was presented at the 2011 Spike Video Game Awards with a new teaser trailer. On January 9, 2012, Sam Hulick turned in his last audio mixes for the game. On February 22, 2012, SCEA offered bonuses to those that pre-order via the PlayStation Network. These incentives include A M55 Argus weapon and a "Mass Effect 3" PS3 theme. On March 2, the game became available for preload on Origin in the case of digital purchases.
Audio.
"Mass Effect 3"s music is composed by Golden Globe-nominated composer Clint Mansell, together with Christopher Lennertz, Cris Velasco, BAFTA-nominated composer Sam Hulick and Sasha Dikicyan. Mansell first stated he would be scoring the game during an interview with The Quietus on February 9, 2011. Electronic Arts officially announced his involvement shortly thereafter with a Facebook post. "Mass Effect" and "Mass Effect 2" composer Jack Wall had no involvement with the production of "Mass Effect 3" due to undetailed and "complicated" reasons.
Commander Shepard is again voiced by Mark Meer (male) and Jennifer Hale (female). Many other members of the cast return, including: Brandon Keener (Garrus Vakarian) Ali Hillis (Liara T'Soni), Raphael Sbarge (Kaidan Alenko), Yvonne Strahovski (Miranda), Tricia Helfer (EDI), Seth Green (Joker), Martin Sheen (The Illusive Man), Lance Henriksen (Admiral Hackett) and Keith David (Admiral David Anderson). New voice actors include Jessica Chobot (Diana Allers), Freddy Prinze Jr. (James Vega), and Buzz Aldrin (The Stargazer).
"Mass Effect 3"s weapon audio is redesigned and refined. BioWare's audio team was in discussion with other EA studios, including DICE, to improve their combat soundscape. The game has 40,000 lines of recorded dialog, twice as much as the first game and almost twice as much as the second game. The game has 12,500 sound and music files.
Marketing.
To promote "Mass Effect 3", BioWare relied heavily on viral marketing. Using an internal channel called BioWare Pulse, weekly videos were posted on the company's official website and YouTube offering fans a preview of upcoming content. To keep in touch with fans during development, social networking websites such as Twitter were utilized by members of the game's production team including Casey Hudson and Mac Walters. On December 12, 2011, staff writer Patrick Weekes posted a blog as Commander Shepard writing from the Normandy and elaborating on some minor plot points. Official badges, 2D and 3D posters, stickers and temporary tattoos for the game will be produced by GB Eye and stocked by retailers such as Chips and HMV. A demo for the game was released on February 14, 2012. Early access to the demo was granted to consumers who purchased "Battlefield 3" and activated their online pass.
"Mass Effect 3" was released in multiple editions. Alongside the regular edition, there was also be a collector's edition and a digital deluxe edition, each of which will include bonus content and unlockable items; most notably, four exclusive weapons found in the N7 Arsenal Pack. The digital deluxe edition is exclusively available through Origin, EA's rebranded PC game store. All pre-orders of the game were accompanied with the M55 Argus Assault Rifle bonus weapon, with retailer-specific bonuses available as well. Anyone who pre-orders the game from GameStop will receive N7 warfare gear and anyone who pre-orders the game from Origin will receive an AT12 Raider Shotgun. As a part of a crossover promotion, players can also unlock two bonus items — the Reckoner Knight Armor and Chakram Launcher — by playing through the demo for "". To alleviate sales lost to the second-hand market and rentals, only unused copies of "Mass Effect 3" will come with an online pass allowing players full access to the online multiplayer mode. Once the pass is activated, it cannot be used again; therefore, players who buy the game used are required to pay an additional fee in order to use multiplayer.
Unlike the first two games in the series, BioWare specifically included the female version of Commander Shepard in marketing "Mass Effect 3". Often referred to colloquially as "FemShep", she was featured in her own dedicated trailer for the game, as well as a revised version of the "Take Back Earth" trailer. She also graced the cover of the "Mass Effect 3 N7 Collector's Edition". In addition, the standard version of the game featured a reversible slipcase insert, allowing the purchaser to display either the male or female version of Shepard on the front and back cover artwork. To help decide the official female Shepard model, BioWare let fans choose between five prototypes on Facebook. Eventually, the fifth prototype won and a new fan vote was held to decide its hair color, which ended up being red.
In February 2012, EA sent early copies of "Mass Effect 3" into space via weather balloons. The games were equipped with a GPS tracking device, allowing fans to track their progress. When the balloons landed, anyone who found one was able to snag a copy of "Mass Effect 3" a week or more ahead of its release.
Release and downloadable content.
Before "Mass Effect 3"s release date was delayed to 2012, numerous gaming websites called the game one of the most anticipated games of 2011, with IGN ranking it number one in their "Top 10 Xbox 360 Games of 2011" column. Following the 2011 E3 Convention, IGN nominated the game for Best Role-Playing Game and Most Anticipated Game, and EEDAR called it the most promising retail title of 2011. At the 2011 Spike Video Game Awards, the game was voted the most anticipated of 2012 by fans. In an interview with Computer and Videogames, BioWare marketing director David Silverman went so far as to call "Mass Effect 3" the "best game we've ever made".
The game was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on March 6, 2012, and for Wii U on November 18, 2012. Customers purchasing PC editions of the game (retail or digital) are required to install Electronic Arts' content delivery and digital rights management system, Origin. The Origin client (and an Origin account) is required to install, activate and run "Mass Effect 3" on a PC for single and multi-player portions of the game.
"Mass Effect 3" also supports a variety of downloadable content packs that were released from March 2012 to April 2013. The Wii U version - "Mass Effect 3: Special Edition" - features all the free DLC in-game that were released prior to "Special Edition"s release. However, EA announced that there are no plans to release any of the paid DLC packs for the Wii U version, including "Omega", "Leviathan", and the various weapon packs. When asked on Twitter if they would ever release any future DLC for the Wii U version, their response was, "Never say never."
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Mass Effect 3" was met with critical acclaim by video game critics. Andrew Reiner of "Game Informer" awarded it 10 out of 10 and asserted that "BioWare has delivered one of the most intricately crafted stories in the history of the medium". Thierry Nguyen of 1UP.com rated the game "A" and concluded, "While Mass Effect 3 stumbles at times, the fact that it's the ultimate culmination of my own Shepard's story makes it one of the signature (and somewhat-literal) role-playing-games of this year." "Edge" rated the game 8/10 saying "It's off-putting to new players, too busy tying up loose ends to dangle any threads of its own, and fails to stand up as its own game in the same manner as its predecessors. But it's also a spectacular, powerfully imagined and dramatically involving final act to one of gaming's richest sci-fi sagas." Tom Francis of "PC Gamer" U.S. gave the game a score of 93/100 and ended with saying "...the end of the series is a mixed bag. Satisfying in some ways, nonsensical in others, and ultimately too simple. But the sheer scale of the adventure it's ending – and the music, which is gorgeous throughout – gives it an emotional impact that goes beyond its plot payload." Mass Effect 3 was nominated for five awards in the 2012 Spike Video Game Awards, including Game of the Year, and it won one, Best RPG. Game Informer awarded it their game of the year award.
Sales.
During March 2012, "Mass Effect 3" sold over 1.5 million copies. According to EA's Q4 results, "Mass Effect 3" has grossed over $200 million.
Controversy.
The game's original endings were poorly received by many BioWare and "Mass Effect" fans. Criticisms included: that the ending rendered character choices inconsequential; a general lack of closure; lore contradictions and plot holes; character and narrative inconsistencies; the absence of a final boss battle; and inconsistencies between statements by BioWare staff during the game's development and the form the endings ultimately took.
Displeased fans organized an internet campaign called "Retake Mass Effect" to demand a better ending to the game, part of which includes a charity drive for the organization Child's Play. The drive officially raised $80,000 in less than two weeks, but was shut down at Child's Play's request due to confusion amongst some donors as to the purpose of donations and the organization's unwillingness to become associated with any other cause than their own. The group later raised $1,000 in under one hour to go toward the purchase of 402 cupcakes. The cupcakes were made with three different colors (red, green and blue) to correspond to the different endings, yet all had the same vanilla flavor. They were then sent to BioWare's main office, who in turn donated all of them to a local charity. One fan went so far as taking his complaint to the Federal Trade Commission, the agency created to protect consumers. His argument was that BioWare did not deliver on the promise of its game, saying, "after reading through the list of promises about the ending of the game they made in their advertising campaign and PR interviews, it was clear that the product we got did not live up to any of those claims." However, with the release of the extended cut, he is now happy with the end product.
One of the writers of the "Mass Effect" series, Patrick Weekes, posted a message on gaming website Penny Arcade, critical of BioWare executive producer Casey Hudson and lead writer Mac Walters' handling of the creative process surrounding the ending. According to Weekes, who posted on the Penny Arcade forums under his well-known and attributed personal account "Takyris", Hudson and Walters locked him and the other writers out of production of the ending, personally chose the ending they preferred and refused to allow peer review (as had been done with previous chapters of the storyline) once the details of the planned ending were selected. Weekes stated that the ending was ""entirely the work of our lead and Casey himself"", who decided ""they didn’t need to be peer-reviewed"", with Weekes concluding ""It shows.""
The comments were made from a long-standing account verified as belonging to Weekes and prompted a brief flurry of fan discussion before all posts by user Takyris were deleted approximately one week later. Penny Arcade administrators, citing privacy issues, stated only that the deletions were done at the owner's request; Hudson refused numerous requests to comment on Weekes' criticisms, and BioWare community coordinator Chris Priestly made only a brief post on the BioWare website forums (later deleted) in which he stated that he had spoken to Weekes' and dismissed the comments as an attempted "imitation". Despite numerous requests, no subsequent requests for comment on the issue were honored by BioWare, Penny Arcade or Weekes himself. Weekes' unsolicited comments from a verified, screenshot confirmed account were widely interpreted by fans and reported by gaming industry writers as authentic and unauthorized internal personal criticisms of BioWare, and the resultant removal and re-attribution of the comments to an unspecified imitator were seen as a belated attempt to protect both BioWare's public image and Weekes' career with the company.
The U.S. Better Business Bureau also responded to the controversy, supporting claims by fans that BioWare falsely advertised the player's "complete" control over the game's final outcome. The UK's Advertising Standards Authority disagreed, ruling that EA and BioWare were not guilty of false advertisement since the endings were "thematically quite different", and the choices and readiness rating reflected in the ending content were significant enough to avoid actionable misleading of consumers under existing law.
BioWare's co-founder and CEO Ray Muzyka later acknowledged feedback over the endings stating that the company planned to address them, with an announcement to be made in April 2012. On April 5, 2012, BioWare announced they would offer a free download to be released during the summer, which would expand the ending with a cinematic epilogue but not replace it. The Extended Cut was released on June 26, 2012 for Xbox 360 and PC worldwide, and PlayStation 3 in North America and later released on July 4, 2012 for PS3 in Europe.
On September 18, 2012, BioWare announced that its co-founders, Ray Muzyka and Greg Zeschuk, had officially retired and left BioWare to pursue other goals in non-gaming related outlets. An ex-BioWare developer speculated that the negative fan feedback of "" and the ending of "Mass Effect 3" were responsible for their retirement. Following this speculation around the reasons for Muzyka and Zeschuk's departure from BioWare, Muzyka tweeted "I respect/revere fans, because they speak with deep, honest passion. Journalists speculating on ill-founded rumors should reassess approach."

</doc>
<doc id="18469977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469977" title="Karl Benjamin">
Karl Benjamin

Karl Benjamin (December 29, 1925 – July 26, 2012) was an American painter of vibrant geometric abstractions, who rose to fame in 1959 as one of four Los Angeles-based Abstract Classicists and subsequently produced a critically acclaimed body of work that explores a vast array of color relationships. Working quietly at his home in Claremont, CA, he developed a rich vocabulary of colors and hard-edge shapes in masterful compositions of tightly balanced repose or high-spirited energy. At once intuitive and systematic, the artist is, in the words of critic Christopher Knight, "a colorist of great wit and inventiveness."
Early life.
Benjamin was born in Chicago in 1925. He enrolled at Northwestern University in 1943, but dropped out to join the U.S. Navy during World War II. In 1946, after three years of military service, he moved to California to study English literature, history and philosophy at the University of Redlands with the help of the G.I. Bill. He received a B.A. degree and California teaching credentials in 1949. 
With no formal education in art and no thought of becoming an artist, Benjamin married Beverly Jean Paschke, and began teaching in an elementary school in Bloomington, California in 1949. He started a family (daughters Beth Marie and Kris Ellen and son Bruce Lincoln), moved to Claremont in 1952, and subsequently taught in Chino for the next 30 years.
Artistic development.
Benjamin's interest in art emerged serendipitously. Asked to develop art lessons for his students’ curriculum, he began working with crayons and became fascinated with the phenomenon of how colors can appear to change when juxtaposed with others. Eager to learn more, he took classes at the Claremont Graduate School (now Claremont Graduate University) and received an M.A. degree in 1960. By then, he was a serious painter and color was his subject matter.
In 1954, he had his first solo show, at the Pasadena Art Museum.
The "Four Abstract Classicists" exhibition.
Benjamin had early success in Southern California, showing his work in museums and community galleries, but the event that put his work under a national spotlight and gave him a lasting label was "Four Abstract Classicists". Also featuring the work of Lorser Feitelson, John McLaughlin and Frederick Hammersley, the 1959-60 exhibition was viewed as Los Angeles’ answer to Abstract Expressionism. The West Coast artists’ crisp abstractions offered a bracingly cool alternative to New York’s emotion and action-packed style.
The exhibition was organized by critic Jules Langsner for the Los Angeles County Museum (which evolved into the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art) and also appeared at the San Francisco Museum of Art (now the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art). Renamed "West Coast Hard-Edge," the show later traveled to the Institute of Contemporary Art in London and Queen’s College in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
In the exhibition catalog, Langsner described Abstract Classicist painting as "Hard-edge painting" in which "color and shape are one and the same entity. Form gains its existence through color and color its being through form." Of Benjamin’s work, he wrote: "The elongated forms in the Karl Benjamin paintings interlock in a continuous composition that seems to be without beginning or end. Whenever one of these zigzag shapes appears to overlap an adjacent zigzag, it tucks itself back in somewhere else." 
"Four Abstract Classicists reveals, in retrospect, not merely four senior moderns who reduced their painting to precise, flat profundities, but a current of sensibility in the esthetic climate of Los Angeles," critic Peter Plagens wrote in 1974. As he saw it, the hard-edge style rose from Los Angeles’ "desert air, youthful cleanliness, spatial expanse, architectural tradition" and an optimistic belief in a refined, spiritually charged art that could fulfill human needs for visual and intellectual pleasure.
Later life.
Benjamin continued teaching in public elementary and middle schools until 1977, balancing his time in the classroom with work in his studio. He had a second teaching career from 1979 to 1994, when he was a professor and artist-in-residence at Pomona College in Claremont and taught classes at the Claremont Graduate School. He won National Endowment for the Arts grants in 1983 and 1989.
Like many artists with long careers, Benjamin was often overlooked in his later years, but he re-emerged with a burst of exhibitions and critical acclaim. Louis Stern Fine Arts presented exhibitions of his paintings in 2004 and 2007. 
The Claremont Museum of Art launched its exhibition program in 2007 with a 42-year survey of his work. Benjamin also had a prominent place in "Birth of the Cool: California Art, Design and Culture at Mid-Century," a 2007-09 national traveling show organized by the Orange County Museum of Art.
Dave Hickey wrote in the catalog, for Benjamin's 2007 exhibition at Louis Stern:

</doc>
<doc id="18469995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469995" title="Clint Robinson">
Clint Robinson

Clint David Robinson, OAM (born 27 July 1972 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian sprint kayaker and surf lifesaver who has won a complete set of medals at the Summer Olympics (gold: 1992 K-1 1000 m, silver: 2004: K-2 500 m, bronze: 1996 K-1 1000 m). 
Robinson grew up in Nambour on the Sunshine Coast of Queensland. A junior surf lifesaving champion, he won the Cadet Malibu Board Race at the 1987 National Surf Lifesaving Championships and the following year he was invited to train with the Australian Olympic kayak squad. Robinson would go onto to compete in five Summer Olympics.
Clint Robinson became Australia’s first canoe / kayak gold medallist when he defeated the Norwegian World Champion Knut Holmann to win the K-1 1000 m final at Barcelona in 1992. Robinson paddled magnificently in his Barcelona final, holding off sustained challenges from Greg Barton (US) and Marin Popescu (Romania), then emptying every reserve of energy in a finish that edged out the favourite Holmann. Afterwards he was so dehydrated that he was unable to produce a urine sample for doping analysis for six hours. Four years later in Atlanta, he lined up against Holmann again in the K-1 1000 m and led early, but finished with the bronze. In Athens in 2004, Robinson teamed with Nathan Baggaley to win a silver medal in the K-2 500 m.
At the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, Robinson won four medals with a gold (K-1 1000 m: 1994), two silvers (K-1 1000 m: 1995, K-4 10000 m: 1991), and a bronze (K-2 500 m: 1994).
Robinson, awarded an OAM for the finest national championship record of any surf lifesaver (when his gold-medal tally reached 30), was also a promising young rugby league footballer, but from the time he was 12 his ambition in sport never deviated. In that year, 1984, he was watching the Los Angeles Games on television when his father asked him what he wanted to do with his life. Back came the answer: "I want to go to the Olympics and win a gold medal." 
Robinson competed in the Uncle Toby's Super Series (Professional Iron Man circuit) from 1989-1995 and domated both the board and ski legs of the races. Due to his heavy training regime for kayaks, Clint had little time to train for swimming and running and his performances on the Iron Man circuit suffered due to this.
Robinson has continued to compete in surf lifesaving winning a place on the Australian teams of 1993, 1995 and 1999. In 1999, he surpassed Trevor Hendy's record of 23 national titles to become the most successful Australian surf lifesaver ever. By 2008 at the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics, he had extended his tally to 36 titles. He was inducted into the Surf Lifesaving Hall of Fame in 2004.
In 2001, he was inducted into the Australian Institute of Sport 'Best of the Best'.
Robinson is now head coach of Maroochydore Surf Life Saving Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18469998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18469998" title="Lorser Feitelson">
Lorser Feitelson

Lorser Feitelson (1898, New York, NY – 1978, Los Angeles, CA) was born and raised in New York City but rose to prominence on the West Coast as one of the founding fathers of Southern California-based Hard Edge painting. 
Lorser Feitelson's works, alongside those of along with his peers Karl Benjamin, Frederick Hammersley and John McLaughlin, were featured in the landmark 1959 exhibition "Four Abstract Classicists" at the San Francisco Museum of Art and later traveled to Los Angeles County Museum of Art. Curated by Los Angeles based critic and curator Jules Langsner, the exhibition introduced the general public to the dazzling visual language created by a revolutionary group of painters. A revised version of this exhibition re-titled "West Coast Hard Edge" was presented in London at the Institute of Contemporary Arts and then in Belfast, Northern Ireland at Queens Court. The painting "Magical Space Forms" from 1951, reproduced below, was included in this exhibition. 
Feitelson, along with his wife Helen Lundeberg and the aforementioned artists, pioneered a movement that has been celebrated by the Orange County Museum’s nationally toured exhibition "Birth of the Cool: California Art, Design and Culture at Midcentury". Additionally, contemporary art writer and scholar Dave Hickey, in his 2004 exhibition at the Otis College of Art and Design, christened Feitelson and the other Hard Edge painters as The Los Angeles School.
These artists made profound contributions to the development of American abstract painting. According to Hickey: “The New York School painters would create their idiom by internalizing abstraction, psychologizing it in the manner of Freud and Jung. The California painters take the opposite route by radically externalizing the surrealism of experience in the West. Their presumption, that surreality, visual anxiety and splendor have their roots in the physical and social world rather than the autonomous self, set art on the West Coast free from the rigor of concept and the regime of the personal that dominated American art in that moment. In the broader sense, this externalized vision granted artists the privilege of their sanity in a manic, narcissistic cultural moment and, in doing so, created the conditions out of which the language of art in Southern California art would evolve in the late twentieth century.” 
Early career.
Feitelson was raised in NYC and home-schooled in drawing by his art-loving father. As a child, he pored over the family’s collection of international magazines and frequently visited the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Though his sketchbooks from those early years reveal a firm foundation in Old Master style draftsmanship, Feitelson rethought his approach to drawing after viewing the legendary International Exhibition of Modern Art in 1913 at the Armory.
The controversial work of Matisse, Duchamp and the Italian Futurists had a profound affect on the young artist. Feitelson began to produce a series of formally experimental figurative drawings and paintings. By 1916, the eighteen-year-old set up a studio in Greenwich Village and set out to establish himself as a painter.
Career Success.
Like all serious Modernist painters of the time, Feitelson wanted to continue his study/practice in Europe. He made his first journey to Paris in 1919 and enrolled as an independent student in life drawing at the Académie Colorossi. While in Paris, he also made numerous trips to Corsica, Italy, and sketches from his time there formed the basis for later works featuring peasants as subjects. After numerous trips to Europe, and before returning home to the States for good in 1927, Feitelson exhibited at Paris’ famous Salon d'Automne.
In November, 1927, Feitelson moved to Los Angeles and by 1930 was working in the Post Surrealist style. According to Lundeberg, who authored the pair’s mission statement in response to the European Surrealist movement, Feitelson “wanted the utilization of association, the unconscious, to make a rational use of these subjective elements. Nothing of automatism about it. The name he had for this idea at first was ‘New Classicism ‘ or ‘Subjective Classicism.’ As Jules Langsner suggested in his catalogue for Post Surrealists and Other Moderns in 1935 at the Stanley Rose Gallery in Los Angeles, post-surrealism “affirms all that Surrealism negates.”
During this period, Feitelson was also assigned, with Stanton Macdonald-Wright, to oversee the WPA murals project on the West Coast. Though few examples of Feitelson’s design are extant, the large-scale narrative requirements of the mural format are in evidence in some of his larger Post-surrealist works. "Flight Over New York at Twilight" and "Eternal Recurrence" are two powerful examples of Feitelson’s technical acumen as well as his dynamic visual style.
The Move to Abstraction.
By the 1940s, Feitelson had developed the use of biomorphic or “Magical” forms. “In his Magical Forms, Feitelson began to paint more abstractly but retained the shallow space and modeling of his post surrealist work." These evolved into a more formalized visual language in the ‘Magical Space Forms’ series of the 1950s and 1960s and culminated in the elegant figurative minimalism of the ‘Ribbon’ paintings in the 1970s; “pure gesture that engages the viewer with the intimacy of an embrace.”
Gallery owner Joan Ankrum represented Feitelson and wife Helen Lundeberg for three years in the 1960s, until Feitelson claimed that she was using his work "as window dressing." Ankrum described him as a "brilliant, brilliant man," yet somewhat arrogant in personality and teaching style. Feitelson taught life drawing classes at what is now the Art Center College of Design relocated to Pasadena, where he taught until his retirement in the late 1970s.
Representation and Collections.
Louis Stern Fine Arts in West Hollywood represents the estate of Lorser Feitelson on behalf of the Feitelson/Lundeberg Art Foundation. Stern presented Feitelson’s first concise retrospective with catalogue in 2003. Entitled "Lorser Feitelson and the invention of Hard Edge Painting, 1945-1965", the exhibition met with significant critical acclaim and rekindled public interest in Feitelson’s oeuvre. In 2006, New York's Washburn Gallery followed suit, presenting "Lorser Feitelson - Los Angeles, the 1960s". This exhibition was also well received, and was reviewed in the New York Times and Art in America. Louis Stern mounted additional Feitelson exhibitions representing his early work in 2005, "Lorser Feitelson – The Kinetic Series", and his final paintings in 2009, "Lorser Feitelson – The Late Paintings". 
As Stern commented in his first publication, “Rarely does one have the privilege of exhibiting the work of an artist of such magnitude as Lorser Feitelson. His contributions as a scholar, teacher, lecturer, collector and pioneer of modern art are invaluable and I am honored to be part of his legacy.”
Lorser Feitelson’s works are included in the permanent collections of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art; the National Museum of American Art; Smithsonian Institution, Library of Congress and National Gallery of Art, Washington D.C.; the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art; the Whitney Museum of American Art, Museum of Modern Art and Brooklyn Museum of Art, New York; Columbus Museum of Art; and numerous other public and private collections. His work was most recently included in the J. Paul Getty Museum's "Pacific Standard Time: Crosscurrents in L.A. Painting and Sculpture" in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18470008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470008" title="In Memory of Nikki Arane">
In Memory of Nikki Arane

In Memory of Nikki Arane is an album of improvised music by Eugene Chadbourne and John Zorn recorded in 1980 but not released on Derek Bailey's Incus Records until 1996. The album is named after a character from Stanley Kubrick's first major feature film "The Killing" (1956).
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Jesse Jarnow awarded the album 3 stars stating "Instead playing textural pieces to convey a mood or emotion, the duo create sounds that imitate actions. What actions, of course, are left entirely to the listener -- though they are usually brutally violent or darkly industrial". 

</doc>
<doc id="18470012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470012" title="Hermina Dunz">
Hermina Dunz

Hermina Dunz (February 24, 1898 – June 14, 2008) was an Austrian supercentenarian who was the oldest living person in the country of Austria at the time of her death in 2008 at the age of 110.
Dunz was born on February 24, 1898, in the city of Zagreb, which at the time was located in the Austro-Hungarian Empire, but is currently the capital city of Croatia. She settled in present-day Austria and gained Austrian citizenship. She never had children.
Dunz lived independently for most of her life, only moving to a retirement home when she was 101 years old. She celebrated her 110th birthday with a party in the city of Graz, Austria, in February 2008. Her party was attended by Graz Mayor Siegfried Nagl, who was quoted as saying at the time that Dunz was in good shape for a woman of her age.
Hermina Dunz died on Saturday, June 14, 2008, in the city of Graz at the age of 110, according to reports by ORF.

</doc>
<doc id="18470017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470017" title="Yamamura Gakuen College">
Yamamura Gakuen College


</doc>
<doc id="18470039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470039" title="Bill Staley">
Bill Staley

William "Bill" Patrick Staley (born September 9, 1946) was an American football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18470063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470063" title="Novorossiysk Chimes">
Novorossiysk Chimes

Novorossiysk Chimes (also known as "The Flame of Eternal Glory" or "The Fire of Eternal Glory") (Opus 111b) was written by Dmitri Shostakovich in 1960 for the war memorial in the city of Novorossiysk. The piece consists, mainly, of material Shostakovich had originally written in 1943 as an entry in a contest to compose a new national anthem for the U.S.S.R..
"Novorossiysk Chimes" has been playing nonstop at Heroes Square in Novorossiysk since its opening on September 27, 1960. The song's opening phrases have also been used as introductory music for Moscow Radio's late-night news program CKACWH.
Instrumentation.
The work is scored for two flutes and piccolo, two oboes and cor anglais, three clarinets, two bassoons, four horns, three trumpets, three trombones, one euphonium, one tuba, timpani, one percussionist, celesta, and strings. When played in a concert band, additional tubas and euphoniums, baritone horns, marimbas, glockenspiels, vibraphones, saxophones (replacing the strings alongside the clarinets, oboes, cors anglais, bassoons, flutes, horns and tubas), gongs (tam-tams) and even clash cymbals, bass drum, snare drums and tubular bells are added.

</doc>
<doc id="18470066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470066" title="Izumi Junior College">
Izumi Junior College

Founded as a school for kindergarten teachers in 1960, it was located in Setagaya, Tokyo. It changed its name to Izumi Junior College in 1965. In 1974, it relocated to its present location in Sagamihara. Formerly a women's junior college, in 2001, it became coeducational.

</doc>
<doc id="18470082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470082" title="Essence (Electronic Surveillance System for the Early Notification of Community-based Epidemics)">
Essence (Electronic Surveillance System for the Early Notification of Community-based Epidemics)

Essence is the United States Department of Defense's Electronic Surveillance System for the Early Notification of Community-based Epidemics. Essence's goal is to monitor health data as it becomes available and discover epidemics and similar health concerns before they move out of control. It was created and developed in 1999 by Dr. Michael Lewis, MD, MPH, when he was a resident in the Preventive Medicine residency training program at the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research, Silver Spring, Maryland. Originally designed for early detection of bioterrorism attacks in the Washington, DC, area, following the attacks of 9/11/2001, the U.S. Army Surgeon General, LTG James Peake, MD, ordered Jay Mansfield, the information technology specialist responsible for the IT development of ESSENCE, to expand ESSENCE to look globally at the entire DoD military Healthcare System as it was originally designed. Subsequently, ESSENCE has been adopted and adapted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Johns Hopkins University, and numerous health departments around the United States and other countries. The International Society of Disease Surveillance was formed following a May 2000 meeting to present Dr. Lewis' work to surveillance leaders from around the world. ISDS will hold its 12th annual meeting in December 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18470110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470110" title="Perkins Rowe">
Perkins Rowe

Perkins Rowe is a large mixed use development in Baton Rouge, Louisiana that opened in early 2008. Perkins Rowe was developed by JTS Interests and the main architectural firm that designed the projects is Development Design Group. First announced in 2006 it contains two phases, both of which were completed in 2009.
Layout.
Perkins Rowe in arranged in the style of a downtown district, with a grid street layout and continuous, multilevel buildings. The retail makes up the ground level occupants and above are three to four stories of apartments and condominiums. Hotel, medical, office, and parking space sit along the perimeter of the development.
Dining, Entertainment, and Retail.
Perkins Rowe contains over of upscale retail and eateries, anchored by Barnes & Noble, The Fresh Market, and a 16-screen Cinemark. A large square in the middle of the development acts as a gathering space for public events.
Medical and Office.
The development contains two large offices venues, a 6 story office tower that sits above the Cinemark theater and the Neurmedical Center of Baton Rouge. There are several other small office spots along the edge.

</doc>
<doc id="18470128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470128" title="Lagophylla ramosissima">
Lagophylla ramosissima

Lagophylla ramosissima is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family known by the common name branched hareleaf, or branched lagophylla. It is native to the western United States where it can be found in many types of habitat, especially in dry areas. This is an annual herb producing spindly, erect stems which are variable in height. The leaves on the lower part of the plant are up to 12 centimeters long and fall off the plant early on in the season. The upper leaves are smaller and have woolly, glandular surfaces. The inflorescence is sparsely flowered in flower heads which open in the evening and close early in the morning. Each small head has five short light yellow ray florets with lobed tips, and six yellow disc florets. The fruit is an achene a few millimeters long with no pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="18470138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470138" title="Nine Holes">
Nine Holes

Goal.
To create a 3 in-a-row of one's pieces either horizontally or vertically. Diagonals do not count.
Equipment.
A 3 x 3 peg board is preferable. Each player has 3 pieces. One plays the black pieces, and the other plays the white pieces, however, any two colors or distinguishable objects will suffice.
The board is easily drawn on the ground or paper.
Rules and Game Play.
1. The board is empty in the beginning. 
2. Players decide what colors to play, and who will start first. 
3. Drop phase: Each player drops one piece per turn on any vacant space on the board. Players alternate their turns. Pieces cannot move until all three pieces have been dropped.
4. Move phase: After each player's three pieces have been dropped on the board, each player can move their piece on any vacant space on the board. Only one piece can be moved per turn.
5. Players can create the 3 in-a-row at either the drop phase or move phase, and win the game.
Analysis.
Analysis has shown that the game is a draw with perfect play.
Related Games.
Tapatan, Three Men's Morris, Tant Fant, Picaria, Shisima, Dara (game), tic-tac-toe

</doc>
<doc id="18470144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470144" title="1995 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards">
1995 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards

The 1995 RTHK Top 10 Gold Songs Awards (Chinese: 1995年度十大中文金曲得獎) was held in 1995 for the 1994 music season.
Top 10 song awards.
The top 10 songs (十大中文金曲) of 1995 are as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18470169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470169" title="Tarnawa coat of arms">
Tarnawa coat of arms

Tarnawa - is a Polish Coat of Arms. It was used by several szlachta families in the times of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Notable bearers.
Notable bearers of this Coat of Arms include:

</doc>
<doc id="18470175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470175" title="The Fliptones">
The Fliptones

The Fliptones are American record producers, songwriters, and band that consist of Chaz William Mishan and David Delazyn. They are both born and raised in Miami, Fl but currently live in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="18470213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470213" title="International Test and Evaluation Association">
International Test and Evaluation Association

The International Test and Evaluation Association (ITEA), is a professional body founded in 1980. Its primary purpose it to further the exchange of technical information in the field of test and evaluation. Membership is open to professionals, students and corporate bodies involved in the development and application of policy and techniques used to assess the effectiveness, reliability, and safety of new and existing systems and products.

</doc>
<doc id="18470216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470216" title="Cardinal-Infante">
Cardinal-Infante

The title Cardinal-Infante may refer to any one of the following, each of them both an "infante" (prince) and a cardinal:

</doc>
<doc id="18470221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470221" title="Elaine Breeden">
Elaine Breeden

Elaine Breeden (born November 18, 1988) is an American competition swimmer and Olympic silver medalist.
Breeden qualified to compete in the 100-meter and 200-meter butterfly events at the 2008 Summer Olympics by placing second and first, respectively, in those events at the U.S. Olympic Trials. At the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, China, she advanced to the semifinals of the women's 100-meter butterfly, and finished seventh in the final of the women's 200-meter butterfly. She earned a silver medal by swimming for the second-place U.S. team in the preliminary heats of the women's 4x100-meter medley relay.
Breeden attended Stanford University, and swam for the Stanford Cardinal women's swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 2007 to 2010. As a college swimmer, she was a three-time NCAA national champion in the 200-yard butterfly (2007, 2009, 2010), as well as the NCAA champion in the 100-yard butterfly (2010). She received a total of 24 All-American honors.

</doc>
<doc id="18470226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470226" title="Jungle (2000 film)">
Jungle (2000 film)

Jungle is a 2000 Bollywood, thriller film produced and directed by Ram Gopal Varma starring Sunil Shetty, Fardeen Khan and Urmila Matondkar. The ensemble cast film has received positive reviews upon release and was declared a Hit. The film won the Bollywood Movie Award for Best Direction. 

</doc>
<doc id="18470239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470239" title="Central Library (UNAM)">
Central Library (UNAM)

Central Library (UNAM Biblioteca Central), is the main library in the Ciudad Universitaria Campus of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM). It holds one of the largest collections in Mexico. It is in a group of landmark buildings that make the Campus a World Heritage site.
The outside of the library building is covered with various murals, which were painted by Juan O'Gorman.
History.
The library opened its doors for the first time on April 5, 1956, after being moved from its original location in Mexico City center, where it had been for the previous 50 years.
Collection.
It currently holds around 400,000 books.
Services.
The library has book loan services, and online searching and downloading of digital content that it distributes among all the UNAM servers, and accessible to all students and academics of the University.
Murals.
The idea for the murals was proposed by O'Gorman to Carlos Lazo (Manager of the Ciudad Universitaria project). Lazo was very excited, especially by the idea of making a mural made just out of thousands of colored tiles, something that never had been done at that scale.
The tiles were brought from many different parts of the country because a large number of colors were needed for the construction.
This mural represents the ancient past of Mexican Culture, having a rough representation of what Mexico City was originally. It contains a River that encompasses what used to be the Center and on the border the symbols for the different surrounding neighborhoods are represented.
In the Center a Tenochtitlan representation recreating the Mexico City foundation legend, in which the natives were supposed to found their city in the place where they find an eagle eating a snake and standing in a cactus.

</doc>
<doc id="18470253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470253" title="Lake Oswego Review">
Lake Oswego Review

The Lake Oswego Review is a newspaper published in Lake Oswego, Oregon, United States, a suburb of Portland. It is owned by the Pamplin Media Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18470304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470304" title="Vati-Con Scandal">
Vati-Con Scandal

The Vati-Con Scandal involved accusations that Italian real estate developer Raffaello Follieri misappropriated a $50 million investment from billionaire Ronald Burkle meant to buy up Roman Catholic churches in the United States. Follieri ultimately pleaded guilty to federal criminal charges in the U.S. and was sentenced to prison.
On July 15, 2008, Bishop Joseph Anthony Galante of the Diocese of Camden, New Jersey, was implicated in the scandal by a "New York Post" article titled "A Deal with the Devil" that revealed that Follieri had bought Galante's beach house for $400,000 in 2007 shortly after Galante began the study that resulted in his 2008 announcement to sell off half of the Diocese's church properties. Following disclosure of the bishop's involvement in Vati-Con, the Council of Parishes of Southern New Jersey demanded "a complete halt to the Bishop’s planned church closure program". The Galante/Follieri beach house was put back on the market in 2008 and sold almost two years later for $310,000.
On July 24, 2008, the "New York Daily News" reported that during a second raid of Follieri's apartment in New York City, the FBI had confiscated the private journals of Follieri's former girlfriend, American film actress Anne Hathaway, as part of their ongoing investigation into the scandal. Hathaway did not face any charges related to the scandal.
In October 2008, Follieri pleaded guilty in Manhattan to the charges, and Federal Judge John Koeltl imposed a 4½ year prison sentence. He was released on May 25, 2012, from a federal prison in Pennsylvania and immediately deported to his native Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18470320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470320" title="Special meaning">
Special meaning

Special meaning when used formally refers to the fixed or restricted interpretation of certain words or phrases allowed in certain matters.
United Kingdom.
In the jurisdictions of the United Kingdom, certain words or phrases are interpreted in their particular context as having only the meaning or meanings allowed by relevant statute, regulation or case law:
'In these Guidelines a number of terms are used which are intended to have a special meaning for the purpose of the Guidelines.'
on the Meaning of Research and Development for Tax Purposes - issued by the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Trade and Industry for the purposes of Section 837A Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18470335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470335" title="Edwin Forrest House">
Edwin Forrest House

The Edwin Forrest House (a.k.a. Gaul-Forrest House) is a house in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania built in 1853-54 for William Gaul, a wealthy brewer. A year after its completion, it was bought by actor Edwin Forrest, who resided there until his death in the house in 1872.
The Philadelphia School of Design for Women purchased the property in 1880, and built an extensive rear addition westward to Carlisle Street, to house art studios. The addition's Master Street façade was brick, but fitted with brownstone-trimmed windows consistent with those of the original house.
The school, which later changed its name to the Moore College of Art, continued to occupy the building until 1960. The Philadelphia Cotillion Society purchased the building and used it as a community center until 1968.
Today the building is occupied by Freedom Theatre, which provides professional instruction in acting and live theatre production.

</doc>
<doc id="18470361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470361" title="Concurrent estimation">
Concurrent estimation

In discrete event simulation concurrent estimation is a technique used to estimate the effect of alternate parameter settings on a discrete event system. For example from observation of a (computer simulated) telecommunications system with a specified buffer size formula_1, one estimates what the performance would be if the buffer size had been set to the alternate values formula_2. Effectively the technique generates (during a single simulation run) formula_3 alternative histories for the system state variables, which have the same probability of occurring as the main simulated state path; this results in a computational saving as compared to running formula_3 additional simulations, one for each alternative parameter value.
The technique was developed by Cassandras, Strickland and Panayiotou.

</doc>
<doc id="18470369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470369" title="Geronco">
Geronco

Geronco is an Italian surname originally from Trento.It is also found in the south part of Brazil (Santa Catarina), where it was taken by Italian immigrants to that region.
The Geronco surname is also found in the United States, Asia and Austria.
It’s known that the origin of the last name is Austrian, crossing to Italy and spreading to North and South America. In Asia, the name was brought by the Italians after the Second World War in countries like China and Macao (now part of China).

</doc>
<doc id="18470381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470381" title="Tom Smiley">
Tom Smiley

Tommie Belton Smiley, Jr. (born February 18, 1944 in Port Arthur, Texas) is a former American football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18470394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470394" title="Castilleja affinis">
Castilleja affinis

Castilleja affinis is a species of "Castilleja" known by the common name coast Indian paintbrush. 
It is native to western North America from Washington to Baja California, where it grows on hills and mountains slopes along the coast and inland. 
Description.
This is a perennial herb growing an erect stem up to about 60 centimeters in maximum height. It is greenish to purple in color and may be hairless to quite hairy. The leaves are variable in shape and up to 8 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a series of bracts in shades of bright red to yellowish. Flowers appearing between the bracts are a bit longer and covered in hairs. They are green to purple lined with red or yellow. The fruit is a capsule just over a centimeter long. 
Subspecies.
There are three subspecies of this plant, two of which are rare: 

</doc>
<doc id="18470405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470405" title="Denver Montclair International School">
Denver Montclair International School

Denver Montclair International School is a private school offering language immersion in French, Spanish and Mandarin in the Lowry neighborhood of Denver, Colorado, United States. The Middle School is an International Baccalaureate Candidate School implementing the Middle Years Programme in grades 6 - 8.
History.
The Denver International School was established in 1977 by a group of French parents. It added a German program in 2000, a Spanish program in 2001 and then replaced the German program with a Mandarin program in 2003, recognizing the growing influence of China in the today's world. French remains the school's most popular program, but the Spanish and Mandarin programs have been gathering momentum. 
Originally located at the Universalist Church at the corner of Hampden Avenue and Colorado Boulevard, growth led to the school moving to Holly St in 1982, to Race St in 2001 and then to Elm St in Park Hill in 2005.
St. John's Academy was established in January 1981 to carry on the programs of St. John's The Evangelist Catholic School, which the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Denver planned to merge with St. Philomena's to form Good Shepherd Catholic School. The new school was housed in the educational building of St. John's Episcopal Cathedral through the end of 1985, then moved to a building at 930 Acoma Street. After moving to its present home in 1996, the school changed its name to reflect its new location and became Montclair Academy.
In January 2009, the schools merged to become Denver Montclair International School. The school has continued to grow since then, and now boasts record enrollment of 526 students ages 3 - grade 7. Grade 8 will open in 2013.
Campus.
The school occupies a campus in the Lowry neighborhood. A former barracks building will be remodeled to include classrooms and offices. The former Peacekeeper building on the north end of campus was also remodeled in the summer of 2012 to house the growing middle school.
Curriculum.
Denver Montclair International School is more than a language school. DMIS offers a rigorous, well-rounded curriculum that emphasizes art, English, history, math, music, physical education, science and social studies. The DMIS curriculum is divided into four learning cycles to correspond with student development.
The students begin with full-immersion in the target language – French, Mandarin or Spanish – and the amount of English instruction steadily increases as they progress through the cycles. Our students learn not only how to read, write and speak two languages, but they also gain a broader global perspective and achieve higher levels of academic success.
CYCLE 1 – IMMERSION
The first cycle includes the Kinder 1, Kinder 2 and Kinder 3* classes and forms the base of the bilingual education model. Children acquire bilingual skills through play that set the foundation for future learning processes. Because the best time to acquire a second language is between the ages of three and six, language acquisition is very natural at this stage. All subjects are studied at age-appropriate levels in the target language, starting as early as 3-years-old in this first cycle. Students are not simply learning French, Mandarin or Spanish, but rather, they are learning ALL traditional subjects IN French, Mandarin or Spanish.
CYCLE 2 – SOLIDIFYING THE KNOWLEDGE BASE
In Grades 1 and 2, the emphasis shifts to the relationship between the oral and written language. English language instruction becomes more formalized and focuses on early literacy skills, while all subjects – including math and science – continue to be studied in the target language of French, Mandarin or Spanish.
CYCLE 3 – EXPANDING THE KNOWLEDGE BASE AND INTRODUCTION OF A THIRD LANGUAGE
In Grades 3, 4 and 5, students expand their study of the target language. Students become bilingual at this stage, and are introduced to a third language which can be studied through Grade 8. Instruction in English accounts for approximately half of the time spent in class, moving beyond basic grammar and vocabulary, and delving into literature, science and math. English instruction of science and math complements the instruction already given up to this point in the target language.
CYCLE 4 – BECOMING RESPONSIBLE CITIZENS
DMIS is the only middle school – public or private – in the Denver region offering the International Baccalaureate Middle Years Programme with this type of intensive foreign language instruction. It is not taught as a “second” language only a few periods a week, but rather as a “first” language through immersion, accounting for 20% of the school week. During this cycle, students in Grades 6 – 8 build the academic, technological, social, emotional and ethical skills that will allow them to succeed in high school, college and beyond. A strong set of values is consistently weaved throughout the middle school academics, building critical thinkers and responsible global citizens.
The school is accredited by the French Ministry of Education. Its Spanish program has earned the highest level of recognition from the Spanish Ministry of Education. The Mandarin Program works closely with the Chinese Ministry of Education and houses a Chinese Arts and Literacy Laboratory in the Mandarin 5th grade classroom, working with the Confucius Classroom of Denver. The English program adheres to Colorado State Standards.
Former principals.
Denver International School:
Montclair Academy:

</doc>
<doc id="18470438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470438" title="Ladislaus III Kán">
Ladislaus III Kán

Ladislaus (III) Kán (? – before 15 May 1315) (, ), was a Hungarian oligarch in the Kingdom of Hungary who ruled "de facto" independently Transylvania. He held the office of Voivode of Transylvania "(erdélyi vajda)" (1297-1314). Taking advantage of the internal discords within the kingdom, he could maintain his rule over Transylvania until his death even by struggling against the several claimants for the throne.
His life.
We do not have any information on his early life, but he was one of the three sons of Ladislaus II from the Kán clan, who held the office of judge royal "(országbíró)". His father died in or after 1278 and he inherited his possessions: Hosszúaszó (today "Valea Lungă" in Romania), Szépmező (today "Šona" in Romania), Bun (today "Boiul Mare" in Romania), Mezőszilvás, Septér (today "Şopteriu" in Romania) and Mezőörményes (today "Urmeniş" in Romania).
Ladislaus Kán appeared in the sources in 1297 when he issued a charter; by that time, he had been holding the office of Voivode of Transylvania, "i.e.", he had been governing that province of the Kingdom of Hungary. At that time, he must have been one of the partisans of King Andrew III of Hungary (1290-1301), because he attended an assembly convocated by the king in Buda in 1298 and he was a member of the king's Council in 1299. Following the king's death, when several claimants for the throne were struggling with each other between 1301 and 1308, he probably did not intervene in their conflict. Nevertheless, during the period from 1297 until 1313, the kings of Hungary granted several possessions to him in the eastern parts of the kingdom, "e.g.", he received Veresegyháza (today "Roşia de Secaş" in Romania) before 1313.
Although he did not take part in the internal conflicts of the kingdom, he endeavoured to strengthen his authority, sometimes by using or abusing his office of Voivode of Transylvania. Moreover, he managed to expand his influence over several territories of the Transylvanian Saxons (who had been exempted from the Voivodes' jurisdiction before) and he usurped the office of the Counts of the Székelys (and therefore, he also gained control over the Székelys). He occupied the silver mine of Altrodna (today "Rodna" in Romania); and he extended his properties even beyond Transylvania when he captured several possessions in Arad, Csanád and Krassó counties. It can be seen that Ladislaus Kán came into the possession of a considerable part of his properties by force and tyrannical means.
When (in 1306) he was reluctant to recognise the rule of King Charles I of Hungary, whose claim had been supported by the Popes, Pope Clement V ordered the archbishop of Kalocsa to excommunicate Ladislaus and to place his territory under ecclesiastic interdict. In 1307, the archbishop of Kalocsa held out the prospect of the same ecclesiastic disciplinary actions against Peter, bishop of Transylvania in case he would not excommunicate Ladislaus Kán who had seized the properties of the prelate of Kalocsa. Nevertheless, in the summer of 1307, Ladislaus Kán captured King Otto of Hungary, rival of King Charles I, during his visit in Transylvania, and had him imprisoned in one of his castles. It happened then that the royal crown of Hungary fell into his hands.
When Bishop Peter of Transylvania died (November 27, 1307), Ladislaus Kán captured the canons who had assembled to elect the new bishop; moreover, he demanded that one of his sons be elected and occupied the chapter's possessions. Although, in July 1308, he declared that he would not maintain his son's claim to the bishopric, but he suggested two new candidates to the canons.
In the autumn of 1308, he sent delegates to take part in the assembly held close to Pest, where the prelates and the barons of the kingdom recognised King Charles. He released King Otto in the same year and handed him over to Ugrin Csák (a most loyal man of King Charles) in Szeged. In the meanwhile, he married off his daughter to the "heretic" (that is, of Orthodox faith) son of the king of Serbia.
At that time, Cardinal Gentilis de Montefiori arrived to Hungary as the pope's legate and launched his operations both to prevent the marriage of the Voivode's daughter and to recover the crown. It was a sign of his failure that he did declare the excommunication of Ladislaus Kán on December 25, 1309. Because of the pressure on him, the Voivode was constrained to acknowledge King Charles I as his sovereign in a charter of his (issued in Szeged, on April 8, 1310). Moreover, he pledged to return the crown before July 1 (he fulfilled the promise) and vowed to give back a number of properties and offices he had seized with force, "i.e.", Ladislaus Kán himself assumed the obligation of giving up the office of the count of Bistritz (today "Bistriţa" in Romania) and Hermannstadt (today "Sibiu" in Romania) and the dignity of count of the Székelys.
In sign of their reconciliation, King Charles visited Transylvania in December, 1310, for the first time during his reign. The relations between the king and Ladislaus Kán must have returned to normal lastingly, since one of his property exchanges took place in the presence of the king in 1313. This is the last occurrence of Ladislaus Kán who died probably in the end of 1314 or the beginning of 1315 (this is quite likely, since royal charters follow one another starting from March, 1315, in which King Charles returned the properties having occupied with force by the late Voivode to their rightful owners).

</doc>
<doc id="18470460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470460" title="Trzywdar coat of arms">
Trzywdar coat of arms

Trzywdar is a Polish coat of arms used by several szlachta families in the times of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Notable bearers.
Notable bearers of this Coat of Arms include:

</doc>
<doc id="18470469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470469" title="Wine-Searcher">
Wine-Searcher

Wine-Searcher is a web search engine dedicated to wine. The company was founded in London by Martin Brown in 1999. In 2006, the operation was shifted to Auckland in New Zealand. As of February 2014, the site listed more than 43,655 wine merchants/retailers offering 6 million products.
Apart from its core function as a search engine for wines, Wine-Searcher also provides a free online encyclopedia of wine grape varieties, wine regions and appellations, and daily wine news. In 2013 Wine-Searcher released its first mobile app, initially for iPhone and later for Android.
Wine-Searcher offers almost all of its functions and information free of charge, but does not display all search results to non-paying users. Full functionality requires subscription ($39USD per year).
Reviews and feedback.
Over the years, Wine-Searcher's contribution to online wine business has been recognised by numerous sources, notable among them are "The New York Times", "Time", "Forbes Magazine", "Seattle Times", Jancis Robinson, "The Journal Gazette", "Pittsburgh Tribune-Review", "The Times", "Bloomberg Luxury", "Los Angeles Times".

</doc>
<doc id="18470477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470477" title="Lethlobar mac Echach">
Lethlobar mac Echach

Lethlobar mac Echach (died 709) was a Dal nAraide king of the Cruithne in Ulaid (Ulster). He was the son of Eochaid Iarlaithe mac Lurgain (died 666), a previous king. He belonged to the main ruling dynasty of the Dal nAraide known as the Uí Chóelbad based in Mag Line, east of Antrim town in modern county Antrim. He ruled from 708 to 709.
He succeeded to the throne upon the assassination of Cú Chuarán mac Dúngail Eilni (died 708) of the Eine branch of the family in 708. The annals record his death at the Battle of Dul in Mag Eilne (between the Bush and the Bann in modern County Antrim). The victors are not named, one possibility is the Dal Fiatach who had just acquired the kingship of Ulaid. 
Lethlobar's daughter Barrdub was said to be a wife of Bécc Bairrche mac Blathmaic (died 718) a Dal Fiatach King of Ulaid. His son Indrechtach mac Lethlobair (died 741) was a King of Dal nAraidi.

</doc>
<doc id="18470498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470498" title="Of Hands and Hearts">
Of Hands and Hearts

Of Hands and Hearts: Music for the Tsunami Disaster Fund is a 2005 compilation album. The compilation was released in response to the 2004 Southeast Asia tsunami crisis. The title for the compilation is explained in the liner notes that executive producer Stephen Schnee's father, Duane John Schnee, "whose two and a half year battle with cancer has proven that with strength (hands) and love (hearts), we can face any tragedy together."
Also, according to the liner notes, executive producer Stephen Schnee wrote that this compilation album is "Dedicated to those who lost their lives on 12-26-04, and the families and loved ones they left behind. I was stunned to think that humanity had lost nearly 300,000 fathers, mothers, daughters and sons – people who were changing and shaping their own world. But in their passing, they changed and shaped everyone's world."
Of the 49 songs on the compilation, 18 had never been released before prior to the release of this compilation, and 8 had never been released in the U.S. prior to the release of this compilation. Of the 49 artists who contributed a song to the compilation, 32 are from the U.S.A., 8 are from the U.K., 3 are from Australia, 2 are from Scotland, 1 is from Italy, 1 is from Japan, and 1 is from Russia. Only R. Stevie Moore with Dave Gregory represent two different countries together (the former represents the U.S.A. and the latter represents the U.K., respectively).

</doc>
<doc id="18470499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470499" title="Markbygden Wind Farm">
Markbygden Wind Farm

Markbygden Wind Farm will be a series of interconnected wind farms in the Markbygden area west of Piteå, in northern Sweden. The project will be built by 2020, and will have a capacity of up to 4 gigawatts (GW). Svevind owns 75% of the project; Enercon has a 25% share and will build a wind tower production plant in the region, as well as a local office for service and maintenance. 
If built out, the 55 billion kronor (€5.1 billion, US$6.9 billion) project will be the largest wind farm in Europe.
The wind farm will cover some 450 square kilometres, comprising 1,101 wind turbines. 
It will use Enercon E-101 (3.0 MW) and Enercon E-126 (7.5 MW) turbines, and is expected to produce up to 12 terawatt-hours (TW·h) of electricity per year (i.e. an average power of up to 1.4 GW). The latter model (Enercon E-126) is the largest in the world, with an overall height of 198 m and a rotor diameter of 126 m. 
The project received the approval of the Norrbotten County authorities in April 2009. On 4 March 2010 the Swedish Government decided to permit Markbygden Vind AB to build and run up to 1,101 wind turbines of a maximum height of 200 metres in the Markbygden area of Piteå Municipality. 
, after a call for tender, a specialised environmental impact studies group has started all nature issues for the first phase of the grand windfarm in order to get final approval. This phase is called "Markbygden Etapp 1". Start of building works is foreseen during 2012, as the final approval has been given on 19 December 2011. Etapp 1 involves about 1000 MW nominal power, 314 wind turbines, and has to reach a 2.8 TW·h/year production, 
Considering the given parameters (rated power and rotor diameter) it concerns two turbine types: the Enercon 3.05 MW E-101 turbine, and the Enercon 7.58 MW E-126 turbine.

</doc>
<doc id="18470506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470506" title="Alfred Baring Garrod">
Alfred Baring Garrod

Sir Alfred Baring Garrod FRS (1819–1907) was an English physician.
He was born in Ipswich, the son of Robert and Sarah (née Ennew) Garrod.
He initially apprenticed at Ipswich Hospital, and later moved to University College Hospital, where he earned his medical doctorate in 1843. Afterwards he was an assistant at West London Hospital and a physician at the Aldersgate Dispensary. In 1849, he was appointed full physician at University College Hospital, and in 1863 became a professor of materia medica and therapeutics at King's College Hospital. In 1874, he left hospital to become an honorary Fellow and consultant physician to the college.
In 1848, Garrod had discovered an abnormal increase of uric acid in the blood of patients with gout, and was the first to propose lithium as a remedy for the disorder. He recommended lithium as a treatment for mental illness, and hypothesized that gout could be a cause of mood disorders such as mania and depression. He is also credited for coining the term "rheumatoid arthritis".
In 1858, he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society.
In 1860, he was elected president of the Medical Society of London. In 1887 he was knighted as "Sir Alfred Baring Garrod", and in 1890 was appointed "Physician Extraordinary" to Queen Victoria.
On his death in 1907 he was buried in Great Northern cemetery, Southgate, Middlesex. He had married Elizabeth Ann Colchester of Ipswich; they had six children. Two of his sons were zoologist Alfred Henry Garrod (1846–1879) and physician Archibald Edward Garrod (1857–1936).

</doc>
<doc id="18470516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470516" title="Jalan Lukut">
Jalan Lukut

Jalan Lukut (Johor state route ) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="18470563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470563" title="Yvette Alexander">
Yvette Alexander

Yvette M. Alexander (born October 1, 1961 in the District of Columbia) is a Democratic politician in Washington, D.C. She has represented Ward 7 on the Council of the District of Columbia since she won a special election in 2007.
Education.
Alexander has a Bachelor of Business Administration from Howard University and did graduate work at Trinity College.
Political career.
On May 1, 2007, Alexander won the special election to succeed her political mentor Vincent C. Gray. Gray had represented Ward 7 before he become council chairman in January. She received 34 percent of the vote, beating 17 other candidates (14 Democrats and 4 independents).
She faced a Democratic primary for re-election on September 9, 2008. Notable opponents in that Democratic primary were John Campbell and Robin Hammond Marlin. No individuals filed to appear on the ballot for the Republican or Statehood-Green parties. Alexander won the primary and general election.
Alexander lobbied other state delegations for DC voting rights at the 2004 Democratic Convention in Boston, Massachusetts. She was an Obama superdelegate (though formally unpledged) to the 2008 Democratic National Convention, although she had endorsed Barack Obama before Hillary Clinton conceded the race.

</doc>
<doc id="18470567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470567" title="Berkeley Hills Tunnel">
Berkeley Hills Tunnel

The Berkeley Hills Tunnel is a tunnel which carries Bay Area Rapid Transit's Pittsburg/Bay Point–SFO/Millbrae line through the Berkeley Hills between the Rockridge and Orinda stations. While the tracks run in the median of California State Route 24 on both sides of the tunnel, the Berkeley Hills Tunnel allows the tracks to take a straighter alignment offset to the north of the Caldecott Tunnel.
It bores through the Berkeley Hills east of Berkeley and Oakland a distance of through a variety of rock strata, most of which are soft and porous. The earthquake-active Hayward Fault bisects the tunnel about inside the west portal (Oakland side). There are 2 bores, each about in diameter, spaced apart. Pedestrian cross-tunnels are spaced every for emergency evacuation in case of fire, etc. There is a ventilation structure at the east portal with roll-down doors that can close off the tunnel end to allow air to be sucked out or blown in. Boring was completed in February 1967 after 465 work days. The tunnel was opened for revenue service in 1973.
Material removed in the construction of the tunnel was used as fill for a concurrent expansion of the Port of Oakland.

</doc>
<doc id="18470585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470585" title="Thy Pale Dominion">
Thy Pale Dominion

Thy Pale Dominion is the second demo album by the German band Bethlehem. It was self released in 1993, and was later re-released on LP format.

</doc>
<doc id="18470589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470589" title="Tony Cashmore">
Tony Cashmore

Antony (Tony) John Brooke Cashmore (born 1 May 1942 in Melbourne, Australia) is a well-known Australian golf course architect. He is the President of the Society of Australian Golf Course Architects.
Having graduated with a degree in architecture from the University of Melbourne in 1970, Tony began to specialise in golf course design over 30 years ago. In his younger days, Tony played off a single figure handicap at Kew Golf Club, a club at which he has been a member for over 50 years. Some of his early golf course designs include Goonawarra Golf Club, Melton Golf Club, Bright Golf Club and Yarrambat Park Golf Club all in Victoria, Australia and McCracken Country Club in South Australia.
In 1992, Cashmore's big break came when he was asked to turn his attention to the design of The Dunes Golf Links on the Mornington Peninsula in Victoria. He has created a fine links course there which is highly rated (currently rated by Golf Digest magazine as number 25 in Australia's Best Golf Courses). Through his company, Cashmore Golf Design, Tony has designed such wonderful courses as 13th Beach in collaboration with world-famous golfer Nick Faldo (rated number 33 in Australia) and The Henley Course at The Heritage Golf and Country Club (rated number 76).
Other existing courses that figure in Australia's top 100 golf courses have been modified and added to in various ways by Cashmore Golf Design. Some of these include Royal Melbourne Golf Club, Commonwealth Golf Club, Metropolitan Golf Club, Kingswood Golf Club.
Cashmore's company, Cashmore Golf Design, has more recently burgeoned in its geographic spread and has now constructed courses in China, Korea and Vietnam. Many of the company's recent projects include residential and resort facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="18470610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470610" title="Harry Thomas, Jr.">
Harry Thomas, Jr.

Harry "Tommy" Thomas, Jr. (born November 2, 1960), is a Democratic politician in Washington, D.C. In 2006 he was elected to represent Ward 5 on the Council of the District of Columbia and served until his resignation just prior to pleading guilty to felony charges in January 2012.
Biography.
Thomas is the son of late three-term Ward 5 Councilmember Harry Thomas, Sr., and former D.C. Public School principal Romaine B. Thomas. Councilmember Thomas attended D.C. public schools and graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School. He holds a degree in Public Relations/Marketing from Bowie State University. Thomas was Vice President of Public Affairs for the Public Benefits Corporation (formerly D.C. General Hospital).
Thomas is a former Advisory Neighborhood Commissioner, and has served as Chair of the Woodridge Health Clinic. He is a past President of the D.C. Young Democrats and a former At-Large elected member of the D.C. Democratic State party, for which he coordinated local and national events. Councilmember Thomas has worked for the national Democratic Party, holding the office of Treasurer. He has also served as the Adult and Youth Chair of the Neighborhood Planning Council. Councilmember Thomas is a member of the YMCA, NAACP, Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, and Woodridge Boys and Girls Club.
Political career.
On September 12, 2006, Thomas won the Democratic primary for Ward 5 council member with 39 percent of the vote, beating 10 other candidates. The previous Ward 5 member, Vincent Orange, ran for mayor rather than running for reelection. On November 7, 2006, Thomas won the general election with 85 percent of the vote. He was re-elected in 2010. 
On June 6, 2011, the D.C. Attorney General released a report accusing Thomas of diverting public funds for personal use. Thomas was accused of using $300,000 in city grants that were earmarked for charity and youth baseball groups to pay for his personal expenses, including golfing vacations and an SUV (which was later seized by the FBI on December 2, 2011 in an ongoing investigation). Those baseball groups included the councilmember's own group, Team Thomas - although the Department of Consumer and Regulatory Affairs revoked corporate registration for Team Thomas in 2009, and the IRS never recognized it as a charity. A civil lawsuit filed against him by the district's attorney general was settled in July 2011 when Thomas agreed to repay the $300,000 in six installments over the next three years. Following this agreement, Thomas remained on the council and continued to maintain he was innocent of criminal behavior as the US Attorney's office continued to investigate the case.
He resigned his seat on January 5, 2012, several hours after federal prosecutors filed charges of embezzlement and filing false tax returns. Earlier that week he had failed to make his second installment payment on the repayment agreement, amid rumors of the pending criminal charges. On January 6 he pled guilty to felony counts of theft of government funds and falsifying tax returns.

</doc>
<doc id="18470615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470615" title="1997 Major League Baseball Draft">
1997 Major League Baseball Draft

The 1997 First-Year Player Draft, Major League Baseball's annual amateur draft of high school and college baseball players, was held on June 2 and 3, 1997. A total of 1607 players were drafted over the course of 92 rounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18470617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470617" title="Pon Arunachalam">
Pon Arunachalam

Pon. Arunachalam(பொன்.அருணாசலம் ) is an eminent and versatile Tamil writer from Tuticorin. He is the author of 250 short stories and 15 other works including novels and non-fiction works on the topics of self-improvement, astrology, poetry, history, biographies and other essays. He has carved a special place in the hearts of Tamil people with his family novels and self-help books.
Life.
Pon. Arunachalam was born in Tuticorin June 27, 1946. He completed his studies in 1968 and was appointed Senior Inspector of Cooperatives by the Tamil Nadu Service Commission in the year 1970. He got his first postings at Vellore during which period he started his literary career.
Contributions.
In 1973, his first short story was published in Vellore Malai Murasu. This golden period was an important phase in his development as he found more time to write. Subsequently he became a regular contributor to Tamil periodicals including Thinamani Kadir, Kungumam, Devi, Cinema Express, Ananda Vikatan, Kumudam, Idayam Pesukirathu, Rani, Thai, Vanoli Kathai Mandram.
His novels were published in "Malai Mathi", and "Thinamani Kadir monthly".
Prizes & Publications.
Pon Arunachalam was rewarded first prize for the “Devi Weekly” short story competition held in 1990.
The Publishing house (Manimekalai Prasuram) Chennai run by Lena Tamilvanan & Ravi Tamilvanan published all his distinguished writings and released 19 books.
Service.
Thiru Pon Arunachalam, after 33 years of his dedicated service to Tamil Nadu Govt, he retired as Deputy Registrar Coop societies in the year 2002.
But his literary contribution still continues by the Grace of Lord Venkatachalapathi.
Publications.
1. சுவரில் ஒரு முகம் சிரிக்கிறது - நாவல்
2. ஒரு மலரின் ஏக்கம் - சிறுகதை தொகுப்பு
3. வீட்டு பறவைக்கு விடுதலை உண்டா? - சிறுகதை தொகுப்பு
4. வித்யாவுக்கு விடிந்தால் கல்யாணம் - சிறுகதை தொகுப்பு
5. ஒரு குயில் தனியாக பாடுகிறது - நாவல்
6. பாசத்தின் விலை - சிறுகதை தொகுப்பு 
7. வானத்தில் ஒரு பூந்தோட்டம் - நாவல்
8. கதை எழுதும் வெற்றி ரகசியம் - சுய முன்னேற்ற கட்டுரை
9. இதயத்தில் வரைந்த ஓவியம் - நாவல்
10. அம்மா வருவாளா ?- நாவல்
11. ஆச்சர்யப்படுத்தும் ஜாதக ரகசியங்கள் - கட்டுரை
12. வாழ்வின் வெற்றி ரகசியங்கள் - கட்டுரை
13. நல்வழி காடும் நாராயண குருவின் வாழ்க்கை வரலாறு - சரிதை
14. நூலகங்களின் புரவலர் பொன் சுப்பையாவின் எடுத்துக்காட்டான வாழ்கை - சரிதை
15. ஒருத்தி ஒருவனை நினைத்து விட்டால் - நாவல்
16. தமிழே அமுதே - கவிதை தொகுப்பு
17. முல்லை தோட்டத்து வெண்ணிலா - நாவல்
18. நெஞ்சில் மலர்ந்த நேசம் - நாவல்
19. தாலிக்கு இத்தனை முடிச்சுக்களா ? - சிறுகதை தொகுப்பு
20. ஒரு எழுத்தாளரின் அமெரிக்கப் பயண அனுபவங்கள் (2009 release)
21. நல் வரம் தரும் திருப்பதி மற்றும் நவ திருப்பதிகள்
22. தமிழ் கடவுள் முருகனின் அற்புதங்கள்
23. அவள் இல்லாமல் ஒரு வாழ்க்கையா?
24. ஸ்ரீ ஷீரடி சாய்பாபாவின் அற்புதங்கள்

</doc>
<doc id="18470619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470619" title="Greg Dalby">
Greg Dalby

Greg Dalby (born November 3, 1985 in Newport Beach, California) is a former American soccer player who is now an assistant coach at the University of Notre Dame.
Career.
Youth and College.
For eight seasons through his teen years, he played on several San Diego clubs, including San Diego Soccer Club (1996–98), Rancho Bernardo Select (1996–98), La Jolla Nomads (1999-00), San Diego Surf (1998–99, 2000–03). He was named the 2003 MVP of the San Diego Surf.
He attended Poway High School, near San Diego, where his skills were recognized at a national level. In his senior year, he was given the highest U.S. award for any high school player, the Gatorade National High School Player of the Year. He was chosen from hundreds of thousands of males for that award, and given a spot on the under-18 U.S. National Team. From there he was recruited by the University of Notre Dame, where he was team captain in the last two seasons. He was named first team All-American in 2005 and 2006.
Professional.
On January 12, 2007, Dalby was chosen by Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer as the number 17 overall pick in the 2007 MLS SuperDraft. Instead of signing with the Rapids he chose to go to Europe to play. 
Dalby had interest from Siena, Celtic and Preston North End but work permit issues led him to sign with Charleroi of the Belgian Jupiler League on August 5, 2007. He made no appearances for Charleroi and at end of the season was let go by the club. At that time he returned to the States and signed with Colorado. Dalby was waived by Colorado on March 19, 2010, and subsequently signed for Charlotte Eagles in the USL Second Division.
International.
In 2005, he was also named captain of the U.S. Men's under-20 National Team, who played that year in the FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18470632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470632" title="Wysocki coat of arms">
Wysocki coat of arms

Wysocki - is a Polish Coat of Arms. It was used by several szlachta families in the times of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Notable bearers.
Notable bearers of this Coat of Arms include:

</doc>
<doc id="18470635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470635" title="Denis J. Madden">
Denis J. Madden

Denis James Madden (born March 8, 1940) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, who currently serves as an auxiliary bishop of Baltimore, Maryland.
Biography.
Denis Madden was born to William and Anna (née Burnakis) Madden in Carbondale, Pennsylvania; his father was of Irish descent and his mother of Lithuanian. He later entered the Order of St. Benedict, more commonly known as the Benedictines, and studied at St. Benedict's College in Atchison, Kansas, being ordained to the priesthood on April 1, 1967. After about nine years as a Benedictine monk, Madden was allowed to leave the order and become a diocesan priest of the Archdiocese of Baltimore.
He attended Columbia University, from where he obtained a Master's degree in psychology, and the University of Notre Dame, earning a PhD in clinical psychology. In 1973, Madden assumed a post in the psychology program at the University of Maryland, concurrently working as a marriage and family counselor for Associated Catholic Charities. He taught as a professor at the University of Maryland's School of Medicine, and provided counseling to the clergy and religious of the Archdiocese as well. After co-founding the humanitarian organization Accord Foundation, he was director of the Pontifical Mission for Palestine office in Jerusalem from 1994 to 1996, whence he became Associate Secretary General of the Catholic Near East Welfare Association.
On May 10, 2005, Madden was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Baltimore and Titular Bishop of "Baia" by Pope Benedict XVI; he was that pope's first episcopal appointment in the United States. He received his episcopal consecration on the following August 24 from William Cardinal Keeler, with Bishops William Malooly and Mitchell Rozanski serving as co-consecrators. He chose as his episcopal motto, "In All Things May God Be Glorified", a phrase taken from The Rule of St. Benedict. Madden was also given the additional role of Urban Vicar for the fifty parishes in Baltimore City. He currently serves as the Neumann Vicar which includes parishes in Baltimore City, and Baltimore and Harford Counties. Madden is a licensed clinical psychologist in both Maryland and Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="18470647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470647" title="Odawara Women's Junior College">
Odawara Women's Junior College

Established in 1956, the school specializes in nutrition studies, and in child care.

</doc>
<doc id="18470708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18470708" title="Jalan Kampung Makam">
Jalan Kampung Makam

Jalan Kampung Makam (Johor state route ) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia.

</doc>
