<doc id="18315675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315675" title="Rematch">
Rematch

Rematch is the first US-released Sammy Hagar compilation album. After Sammy left Capitol Records for Geffen in 1981, and after Rick Springfield had a hit with the Hagar-penned "I've Done Everything for You", this collection was released to capitalize on that momentum.
The album was originally released as a 10-track LP, but in 1987, Capitol re-released the collection on CD as "Rematch And More", adding five more tracks from the Capitol albums.
Track listing.
Additional songs included on "Rematch and More" marked by asterisks
Cover Art.
The cover depicts a mock-up of a supposed boxing match poster advertisement. This represents Sammy's own early career aspirations to follow in his father's footsteps as professional prize fighter. The "main event" in this ad is between Sammy and a fighter named "Roy Scarlet"; a euphemism using Sammy's actual middle name, Roy, and "Scarlet" which would be the equivalent of "Red" for Sammy's "Red Rocker" moniker.
A second billing is also depicted on the poster, "John "Little Red" Galt vs. Bill Church". While Bill Church was clearly the long-time bassist in Sammy's band, it is unclear whether or not John Galt refers to the Atlas Shrugged character.

</doc>
<doc id="18315690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315690" title="Lummis House">
Lummis House

Lummis House, also known as El Alisal, is a Rustic American Craftsman stone house built by Charles Fletcher Lummis in the late 19th century. It is located near the Arroyo Seco in northeast Los Angeles, California. The house's name means "alder grove" in Spanish.
The property is a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument and on the list of the National Register of Historic Places.
Museum.
The Lummis House is operated by the Historical Society of Southern California as a historic house museum. The exterior of the house is built of arroyo stone. The house originally contained a stone tower, but that was later demolished. The interior contains some of Lummis's collection of artifacts, as well as copies of many of his books. The museum is open to the public for tours. 
The drought-tolerant and native plant gardens encompass the gardens and natural landscape around the residence, including namesake "El Alsal" California Sycamore trees.

</doc>
<doc id="18315701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315701" title="Fosenlinjen">
Fosenlinjen

Fosenlinjen AS is a ferry company that operates four routes in Fosen, Norway with the two car ferries MF "Nidaros I" and MF "Nidaros II". The company took over the ferries between Garten, Storfosna, Leksa and Værnes in 2000 from Fosen Trafikklag.

</doc>
<doc id="18315729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315729" title="Laudibus">
Laudibus

Laudibus has several meanings:

</doc>
<doc id="18315735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315735" title="Nancy Ajram videography">
Nancy Ajram videography

A detailed list of all official video & DVD releases by Lebanese artist Nancy Ajram, including official music videos, commercials, other video works, and their sources. Ajram has a good reception for her videos on YouTube as her videos views on YouTube are over 150 million views. In addition, she is the most viewed artist on YouTube in the Middle East. Her song "fi hagat" is the first Arabic song to pass 10 million and over 30 million views and it is the most watched video by an Arabic singer on YouTube ever.
Other Video Appearances.
Broadcast performances
Nancy's performance in LBC's "Webtada elMeshwar" for Aziza Jalal's Tarab song "Mistanniyyak" aired on Melody as a Nancy clip due to high requests.
Nancy's performance in MBC's Album of ElDonya Helwa aired on satellite channels instead of a music video for a song, and was featured in her Best Clips DVD.
Nancy's first public appearance after giving birth to her first daughter - LBC's Miss Lebanon pageant.
Nancy's first public appearance after giving birth to her first daughter - LBC's Miss Lebanon pageant.
Nancy's performance at MTV Lebanon's anniversary
Nancy's performance at MTV Lebanon's anniversary
Exclusive advertisements
Nancy did two advertisements for Melody Music Channel after "Akhasmak Ah". In the first one she talks to the viewer explaining about the channel's SMS and song codes and the way to use them. The second is a ringtone ad where the hero is awakened by an "Akhasmak Ah" tone that brings Nancy herself dancing to him until it's over.
Nancy advertised for MBC's star search TV show "Album" along with Rashed alMajed, by encouraging women to participate.
Part of Nancy's performance of "Mishtaga Leik" in LBC's show "Webtada elMeshwar" was used in the ad for a perfume named after the song - with her approval. The perfume was presented by Mahmoud Saeed and J.Casanova. 
Non-official/other music videos
Album: Ya Salam (second video)
Director: Sameh Abdel Aziz
This video was made for Nancy's Interview with Hala Sarhan in "elHawa Hawana" on Dream TV.
Nancy's song for Egypt, that was filmed by Mobinil sponsors and not Nancy (which is the reason it isn't considered of her videos). It rather shows Egyptians lipsyncing the lyrics, and the video took by storm the African Cup games that Egypt won.
Nancy's song for Lebanon. It was released before the 2006 Lebanese war, however the little video of her singing in the studio was released after and for the war.
The brave Lebanese army won Nancy's heart in a beautiful song, after the 2007 Naher elBared war.
Appearances with other artists
Nancy participated along with Joe Ashkar, Haifa Wehbe, Dina Hayek, Yuri Mrakkadi and composer Guy Manoukian. This was the official song for the Lebanese Marathon.
Along with a big list of top Lebanese artists, Nancy sang this song after the assassination of the late Lebanese president Rafiq al Hariri.
Ahmed AlArian's brilliant production and sequel to the well-known alHelm alAraby of 1998 (10 years earlier) where Nancy participated along with more than a hundred other artists.

</doc>
<doc id="18315775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315775" title="Neve Yam">
Neve Yam

Neve Yam (, "lit." Sea Home) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located around twenty kilometres south of Haifa, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaCarmel Regional Council. In 2006, it had a population of 206.
The kibbutz was established in 1939 by members of the Gordonia youth movement, and served as a base for the Palyam. Nearby is a geyser that is activated when the sea is stormy.
The kibbutz has fallen into financial difficulties and is attempting a rejuvenation project by attracting twenty-seven families from Elei Sinai, Dugit, and Nisanit, who had been evicted from the northern Gaza Strip as part of the Israel's unilateral disengagement plan of 2005 and allotting them land adjacent to the sea for permanent housing. The new project would give the evictees a housing solution similar to their original homes. The Israel Union for Environmental Defense is struggling to prevent the project it deems is too close to the beach.

</doc>
<doc id="18315778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315778" title="Quadrant (plane geometry)">
Quadrant (plane geometry)

The axes of a two-dimensional Cartesian system divide the plane into four infinite regions, called quadrants, each bounded by two half-axes. 
These are often numbered from 1st to 4th and denoted by Roman numerals: I (where the signs of the two coordinates are (+,+)), II (−,+), III (−,−), and IV (+,−). When the axes are drawn according to the mathematical custom, the numbering goes counter-clockwise starting from the upper right ("northeast") quadrant.

</doc>
<doc id="18315799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315799" title="Golf Manor Synagogue">
Golf Manor Synagogue

The Golf Manor Synagogue also known as Congregation Agudas Israel is an orthodox Jewish synagogue located in Golf Manor, Ohio.
History.
The synagogue was founded by immigrants from Romania and Poland. The synagogue was founded at undetermined date as the B'nai Israel Congregation. In 1932, the congregations of Anshei Shalom and Bnai Jacob congregations merged to form Agudas Israel Congregation. In the same year, it moved to a former church in Avondale. In 1952, Rabbi David Indich became the synagogue's spiritual leader. In 1957, it was noted that Golf Manor synagogue had dedicated the first pre-fabricated synagogue. In 1967, a new sanctuary for the synagogue of 350 families was built in Golf Manor on Stover Avenue and dedicated a year later. In 1989, Rabbi Balk became the Rabbi of the synagogue, while Rabbi Indich became Rabbi Emeritus. By 1994, the congregation had shrunk to a "listed 250 membership units." Toward the end of 2012, Rabbi Balk became Rabbi Emeritus. Rabbi Pinchas Landis became the new Rabbi on January 1, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18315814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315814" title="Vickers F.B.14">
Vickers F.B.14

__NOTOC__
The Vickers F.B.14 was a British two-seat fighter/reconnaissance biplane designed and built by Vickers Limited. About 100 were built for the Royal Flying Corps but saw only limited use as it was designed for a larger engine which was not available when production commenced and it did not meet performance expectations.
Design and development.
The F.B.14 was a conventional single-bay biplane with two tandem open cockpits and a fixed tailskid landing gear. It was designed to use a new engine, the 230 hp (170 kW) BHP inline engine (later to become the Siddeley Puma). The steel-tube airframe was completed in mid-1916, but the engine was not ready and it was fitted with a 160 hp (120 kW) Beardmore engine instead. The aircraft was underpowered with the Beardmore engine and suffered reliability problems and over 50 production aircraft were delivered to the Royal Flying Corps without engines. A more reliable engine was tested, but the 120 hp (90 kW) Beardmore did not help meet the performance required. Attempts to fit alternate engines resulted in a number of variants with the most successful being a Rolls-Royce Eagle IV Vee engine. The aircraft performance was inferior to the contemporary Bristol F.2B, however, and further development of the F.B.14 was abandoned.
The F.B.14 saw limited operational use, with some being sent to Mesopotamia, with seven being used in home defence Squadrons. The Rolls-Royce powered F.B.14D, while being used for testing of an experimental gunsight at Orfordness on 22 July 1917, engaged a German air raid and claimed an unconfirmed shoot-down of a Gotha bomber off Zeebrugge.

</doc>
<doc id="18315820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315820" title="Bosseopentaenoic acid">
Bosseopentaenoic acid

Bosseopentaenoic acid is a conjugated polyunsaturated fatty acid. Bosseopentaenoic acid can be extracted from the red coralline algae, "Bossiella orbigniana".

</doc>
<doc id="18315823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315823" title="List of Gantz characters">
List of Gantz characters

The anime and manga series Gantz features a large number of fictional characters created by Hiroya Oku. The series takes place in a modern Japan, in which several creatures known as aliens start attacking citizens.
The series starts with the teenager Kei Kurono, who dies in a train accident along with his childhood friend Masaru Kato. Suddenly, they appear in an apartment from Tokyo along with several people who have recently died. A black sphere named Gantz revives them and then it sends them messages, telling them they have to kill aliens if they want to live. All the participants are given powerful weapons such as guns, and black bodysuits that increase their strength. As the characters participate in the game, they start discovering more things related to Gantz such as what happens when they defeat several aliens, and why Gantz holds the game.
"Names are in Western order, with the given name before the surname (family name)."
Creation and conception.
When creating the chapters from the manga, the author Hiroya Oku first makes a draft of the pages. He then creates 3D models of the characters and backgrounds on his computers. Once done, Oku scans the characters draws he made in the 3D models, and the backgrounds are reduced to lines. Finally, he then adds tone to the pages and colors them, and starts adding sound effects as well as dialogues.
Supporting characters.
Joichiro Nishi.
Masashi Yabe voices him in the Japanese series, and Chris Patton in the English adaptation.
Yoshikazu Suzuki.
, best known as . Not much is known about him except that he is a fairly old widower who has a grandson. Surprisingly, it does not take long for Kurono to grow attached to him and "vice versa". He sees Kurono as a role model, and even gives his 100 points to revive his friend Masaru Kato so that Kei may leave the game. He sees Kurono as the world's hope for "survival". He has saved Kei's life multiple times and he emulates Kei. After Kei dies however, it seems as if his morale lowers and he sides with the majority on not trying to help others because it was too dangerous. During the mission in Italy, he is killed by dismemberment while protecting Inaba from a group of new powerful enemies.
Osaka Gantz team.
The first mission from Phase 2 brings the Gantz team into contact with their Osaka-based counterparts. The Osaka Team is, in essence, a gang of rebels: unlike the Tokyo team, they have appointed no leader, nor do they have any attack plans. Often, an Osakan team member will choose an enemy to fight solo while the others stand by, not assisting even if that team member dies. Several team members play with their prey instead of focusing on exterminating all targets; three members are dubbed for being extremely sadistic. Kuwabara Kazuo rapes the female aliens before killing them. Most of the Osakan team members are highly confident in their abilities, having obtained 100 points at least once. , for example, is said to have obtained 100 points 7 times. Because of their overconfidence, most of them were killed during the Nurarihyon mission. However, falls in love with Kato and dies protecting him. After the mission, the survivors are Kuwabara Kazuo, a bespectacled 17-year-old nerd, and the two groupies. However, during the alien invasion later in the storyline, it is seen that Anzu was revived by the 17-year-old nerd as he had promised Kato.
Aliens.
In each mission, Gantz informs the Hunters about a current target which must be hunted. This information includes an image of the target as well as its characteristics, what it likes, and favorite quotes. As well as the main target, Gantz players also must battle against other monsters. These monsters and the main target are known collectively as aliens. The first aliens encountered were the Greenonion Aliens, green humanoid beings which consisted of a father and son. The childlike one, despite its pleas for mercy, is easily disposed, which invokes the anger of its father. The second alien target was the doll-like entity known as the Tanaka Alien (modeled after singer Seiji Tanaka). They are robotic shells that carry bird-like aliens within them, and used because the bird aliens are unable to breathe in Earth's atmosphere. They are led by a larger bird creature with tubes in his mouth connected to a small respirator like device behind his neck, replacing the suit of the minions. The Buddhist Temple aliens dwelt in a Buddhist temple and are disguised as a variety of statues, and are immensely powerful and durable. The most dangerous one is disguised as a statue of the Goddess of Mercy, Kannon. Under its shell was a lizard-like creatures with six arms that displayed the ability to speak coherently, at least after having eaten a human brain. The Shorty Aliens were, as their name suggest, had a short stature. They were physically powerful and fast, and possessed strong telepathic abilities. The Shorty Aliens also had fleshy, wing-shaped membranes that allowed them to disguise themselves as humans.
The Kappe alien was a single alien that could increase in size and had the ability to control a variety of dinosaur-like aliens. These included a Triceratops with the ability to stand upright and increase their muscle mass, several "Tyrannosaurus rex" that could shoot fireballs from their mouths, and tens of raptor-shaped aliens with razor sharp tails. Near the end, a massive alien resembling a Brachiosaurus appeared. It had a massive blade that projected from its skull, which it swung to cleave its opponents. The Ring Aliens were aliens resembling massive warriors wearing black armor and riding giant black horses. They relied heavily on their size and large bladed polearms. The Oni Aliens were the first aliens to become visible to humans not involved with Gantz. Though they could assume a human form, their true forms were humanoid with long tentacles in place of arms, sword-like claws, elongated necks, and short horns. The Yokai aliens are hundreds of creatures from Japanese mythology, the Nurarihyon is the supreme commander of all Yokai. It has the power to transform rapidly into several forms and could shoot lasers from its eyes. Believed to be the final aliens to fight before the end of the world, the aliens in Italy are based on the Roman statues and fine arts. They easily destroyed Gantz players using only speed and strength.
The final enemies are a whole civilization of still unnamed humanoid giants that invaded the Earth with several spaceships at the beginning of Katastrophe. Although their clothed bodies resemble those of humans, their heads boast several distinguishing features, such as an extra pair of eyes on the brows and small antelope-like ears protruding from the top. Unlike most of the previous aliens, their civilization and society are structured in a fashion similar to the Earth ones, but their technology is far more advanced, on par with those provided by Gantz. They usually treat humans like any other animal, raising them as pets, butchering them for food, or just killing them for amusement. Despite that some of them seem to be genuinely caring of humans, choosing to help them instead of attacking them, prominently the female named Fra Rarada who helped Kurono and Tae to reunite. Beside the humanoids, their spaceships are inhabited with a diverse fauna of alien creatures, some of them extremely dangerous to earthlings, even against those armed with Gantz weaponry.
Vampires.
The are sworn enemies of the Gantz game's participants, who they refer to as "Hunters". Kurono's younger brother, Akira Kurono, was one of them; a fact of which Kurono is still unaware. They can see past the Hunter's cloaking modules with special contact lenses or sunglasses, in addition to being able to spawn weapons from their bodies. The vampires are a result of numerous nanomachines within the human body, giving them super-human reflexes and strength. Vampires are able to maintain a regular human diet but suffer from dizziness and a bat-wings-shaped eczema on their back if no human blood is consumed. For the vampires, sunlight is lethal, though some take some special medicine that toughens their skin, allowing them to walk around in the daylight. They mainly attack the "Hunters" at night. The vampires seem to have connections with some of the aliens seen in the latter part of the series, including the Oni Aliens. Oku created these characters in order to have villains with human appearances.
Reception.
The characters from the series have received praise and criticism from various reviewers. In a review from the manga, Carlo Santos from Anime News Network noted the series to have good fights, although when it becomes better, the characters tend to stop as "the story is trying to make some statement about the downfall of society". He also criticized artwork from the author, saying it was "lifeless", mentioning that the only visual innovation to be found here is "unwrapping body" effect, as well as the fanservice, and the violence. However, in a review from the anime, Theron Martin commented that Kurono was a "seriously flawed hero" due to the mix of comedy and villanous value in the anime. He also added that all the other characters act as perfect complements to Kurono since they
have different moral values and that it makes them to be "credible portrayals of flawed central characters". James Musgrove from IGN agreed on this and added that all the characters have good reactions based on their different backgrounds, making them "all believable and well-crafted". Dan Barry from Mania Entertainment defined the series and its cast as "sick", making them not good for many people to watch due to all the violence and adult content appearing in most episodes. However, he then mentioned that if they can watch they will note they are missing "some of the most intelligent topical material and realistic portrayals of humanism I've ever seen in any kind of series". He commented that while Gantz is a survival game, the characters will continue to react "like real people". However, THEM Anime Reviews mentioned that Kurono is an unlikely character since the start as he is "a soulless character", while Kato "deserved a better show, rather than playing second fiddle to a complete cretin", due to the fact he wishes to make the good.

</doc>
<doc id="18315834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315834" title="Canadian Woman Studies">
Canadian Woman Studies

Canadian Woman Studies/Les cahiers de la femme is a bilingual feminist quarterly magazine published by Inanna Publications. It was established by Shelagh Wilkinson, who was also the magazine's publisher and first editor.

</doc>
<doc id="18315840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315840" title="Venture Production">
Venture Production

Venture Production ltd was a leading British-based oil and gas exploration and production business. Its activities were focused on the North Sea. It formerly was a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index, but was delisted following Centrica's purchase of the company in August 2009.
History.
The Company was formed in 1997 by Larry Kinch, Bruce Dingwall CBE & Dave Neely to exploit oil and gas reserves in the North Sea. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 2002 and delisted in 2009. In 2008 it acquired six proven but undeveloped gas assets from Tullow Oil.
Operations.
The Company's strategy was to develop stranded fields i.e. fields that were too small to be economic for large companies, needed significant investment or did not fit the strategy of the existing owners. It undertook activities in both oil fields and gas fields.
It has now been bought by Centrica.
References.
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/energy/oilandgas/5812318/Venture-shareholder-Larry-Kinch-dismisses-Centrica-bid.html

</doc>
<doc id="18315846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315846" title="Elizabeth Brown Pryor">
Elizabeth Brown Pryor

Elizabeth Brown Pryor is an American diplomat and historian. In 2008, Pryor was awarded the Lincoln Prize for "Reading the Man: A Portrait of Robert E. Lee through his Private Letters." She shared the honor with James Oakes, who won for "The Radical and the Republican: Frederick Douglass, Abraham Lincoln, and the Triumph of Antislavery Politics". Pryor's book is notable for using hundreds of Lee's previously unpublished private letters to create a fresh biography of the Confederate general.
Pryor is also the author of the biography "Clara Barton: Professional Angel".

</doc>
<doc id="18315854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315854" title="Erosi Kitsmarishvili">
Erosi Kitsmarishvili

Erosi Kitsmarishvili () is a Georgian media executive and the ex-Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Georgia to the Russian Federation in 2008.
Prior to accepting the ambassadorial post, Kitsmarishvili owned the Rustavi 2 television broadcasting company, which played a key role during the Rose Revolution of 2003. Since his dismissal in mid-September by Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili, he has publicly criticized Saakashvili's handling of the August 2008 war with Russia over the breakaway regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia
— claiming that although Russia had provoked the conflict, the actual fighting had been started by Georgia, and that the United States had approved the Georgian government's plans to retake Abkhazia in early 2008. Kitsmarishvili has also spoken out in favour of increased pluralism in the Georgian media. In November 2009, Kitsmarishvili took over the management rights of the Tbilisi-based pro-opposition television station Maestro TV.

</doc>
<doc id="18315870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315870" title="Kory Teneycke">
Kory Teneycke

Kory Teneycke, (born 1974) is vice-president of Sun News Network. He was the former director of communications for the Canadian Prime Minister's Office.
Career.
Teneycke was born in Regina and raised on a grain farm in rural Saskatchewan near Young. He worked on the Progressive Conservative campaign in the 1991 Saskatchewan election. He also worked on the losing Progressive Conservative campaign in Swift Current—Maple Creek—Assiniboia in 1993, where he met and became friends with Brad Wall. Teneycke then worked on two Saskatchewan Party campaigns—in 1999 and 2003.
Teneycke was appointed Director of Communication for Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper on July 7, 2008. He announced on July 28, 2009, that he would be stepping down. Prior to his role as director of communication, Teneycke served as an advisor to Preston Manning and Mike Harris, and a lobbyist with the Canadian Renewable Fuels Association.
"The Hill Times" reported on August 31, 2009 that Teneycke had accepted a three-month contract to provide strategic communications advice to Sun TV. After a brief stint as a political commentator for the CBC, in June 2010 Teneycke accepted a position as VP, Development at Quebecor Media. On September 15, 2010 Quebecor announced his departure. He rejoined Sun News in 2011.
Controversy.
"Group Showers".
In mid-2010 Teneycke wondered on his Twitter account if Canadian activist Marc Emery, being held in US prison for his Canadian-based marijuana seed distribution business, is "enjoygroup showers as much as he enjoys pot. Three cheers for the DEA." Marc Emery's wife Jodie Emery said the comment "shocked and disgusted" her, adding it's "a common perception that prison rape happens in 'group showers.'" Jodie Emery publicly asked for an apology from Teneycke.
Category 1 for SunTV News.
On July 5, 2010, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) formally denied Quebecor's request to have SunTV News designated as a Category 1 channel (a classification that would require all cable/satellite providers to offer the service) as all requests for this category are on hold until October 2011. At the time, Teneycke said "We’re not particularly fazed by that letter," stating "We’re looking for a cable specialty license. That’s what our initial application is for, and that’s what we’re aiming for." He indicated an amended application would be made to the CRTC.
On September 3, 2010, Teneycke on CBC's "Power and Politics" denied Quebecor even asked the CRTC for this designation, stating
"We are not nor have we ever asked for mandatory carriage of this station where Canadians would have to be obliged to pay. We're saying that we would like to have it offered but theoretically it could be carried by no one."
"Avaaz" online petition spam.
In September 2010, Teneycke responded to criticism of his initiative to start a news channel in Canada which was perceived as getting preferential treatment by the incumbent Conservative government, his former employer. In news interviews, Teneycke pointed out that a petition operated by the group Avaaz opposing the new channel was being infiltrated by illegitimate signatures, going so far as to send an update about it on Twitter.
CBC political blogger Kady O'Malley had questioned the source that Teneycke had cited in his "Toronto Sun" article as there was no way of knowing who had actually signed up for the Avaaz petition as the signees were not published. Teneycke then admitted that he had a source who had provided false names to prove a point. Later in an interview, Avaaz executive director Ricken Patel indicated that the fake signatures that Teneycke had cited were all added from the same IP address at the time when Teneycke had published the "Sun" article critical of the petition. Susan Delacourt of the Toronto Star observed "Kory Teneycke seemed to have inside knowledge of the fake names on the petition. 
Avaaz requested on September 14, 2010 that the Ottawa Police and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) begin an investigation to determine the identity of the individual responsible for adding the fraudulent signatures from an Ottawa IP address to the organization's petition dubbed "Stop 'Fox News North'". In his letter to law enforcement on behalf of Avaaz, civil rights lawyer, Clayton Ruby, called for a full criminal investigation on the matter.
No charges were ever filed in relation to Avaaz's complaint.

</doc>
<doc id="18315872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315872" title="Adbot">
Adbot

Adbot, Inc. was a privately held Internet advertising company in Chicago owned and operated by James R. Frith, Jr. The company was a pioneer in the delivery of display advertising on the Internet and had a brief but interesting run from April 1997 to December 1997, at which time it ceased operations due to a legal tangle with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
History.
Adbot operated under this model until Dec 5, 1997. On that date, the Federal Bureau of Investigation raided Adbot's office resulting in the cessation of normal operations, as part of an investigation into securities fraud related to Frith's Chicago Partnership Board (CPB) operation, the ill-advised source of Adbot's start-up funding. Despite efforts to separate from the troubled CPB and continue operations, the company was ordered to liquidate all assets and was shuttered in December 1997. Frith eventually was found by a jury to be not guilty of securities fraud, but was convicted of two securities law violations (out of 23 charges) for operating his CPB broker-dealership without enough money in its reserve accounts. The conviction was based on a financial shortfall on a single day in 1997.
The case notably became reference case law regarding auditing requirements for securities firms.
Auction-based model.
As with typical advertising networks of the day, publisher sites of similar topical interest were grouped into ad networks. For the purpose of the auction model, these networks were broken into lots. Because every lot was sold at a price set by the bidders, the placement of Internet advertising units into otherwise unsold inventory was guaranteed. Impression guarantees protected bidders from under-delivery.
The auction model established the market price of display advertising based on a simple supply-demand mechanism. This was in contrast to Adbot's larger competitor, DoubleClick, where ad placement pricing was negotiated between the ad network operator and marketers. At the time, the auction model was novel in the industry set by Digital Marketing Agency, though others were to follow using the same or similar models.
Clients.
According to the Adbot web site the client list included advertisers such as Hotmail, Idealab's original version of Answers.com, and Expedia.com. Publishers in the client list included companies such as the Experts Exchange, Dine.com, the Weather Underground and MapBlast, which would become part of MSN's mapping product.

</doc>
<doc id="18315877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315877" title="The Prophecy Fulfilled">
The Prophecy Fulfilled

The Prophecy Fulfilled is the second EP from metal band Darkest Hour and was released on May 20, 1999. It was the band's last EP, before their debut album "The Mark of the Judas".
Reception.
"Allmusic" stated, "Heavier than real heavy…things, crushing highlights such as 'The Choir of Prophecy Fulfilled' and 'This Side of the Nightmare' basked in uncompromisingly ruthless death metal ferocity, while the slower passages heard on 'Reflections of Ruin' and the especially malevolent 'This Curse' were reminiscent of punishing Southern sludgecore."

</doc>
<doc id="18315880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315880" title="Takeda (disambiguation)">
Takeda (disambiguation)

Takeda is a Japanese family name. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18315891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315891" title="Şevket Süreyya Aydemir">
Şevket Süreyya Aydemir

Shevket Surreya Aydemir (born 1897, Edirne - died 25 March 1976, Ankara) was a Turkish intellectual, and was one of the founders and a key theorist of "Kadro", an influential policy journal published in Turkey from 1932-1934. He was educated and became familiar with Marxism at Moscow University where he studied economics, and worked as a teacher in Georgia, Azerbaijan, and Russia. He was a member of the Turkish Communist Party, and attended a Soviet-sponsored Congress for the Peoples of the East in Baku on the Turkish party's behalf. 
Upon his return to Turkey from the U.S.S.R., he wrote for "Aydınlık" magazine. The magazine was shut down in 1925 for political reasons, and he was sentenced to 10 years in prison by the Ankara Independence Court for the views he had expounded in the magazine. He was released after a year and a half. He was tried again in 1927 but this time was acquitted. 
Sobered by his prison experience, Aydemir mixed his Marxist-Leninist leanings with more acceptable nationalist Turkish ideology to create the basis for Kadro theory. Aydemir argued that Turkey - economically subjugated itself at independence - would lead a new world order where former colonies and economically subjugated states would rise up and overcome the hegemony of the industrialized world. This is where the Kadro (Cadre) would come in:
"The ideal a completely state orientated economy can only be achieved under the guidance, as well as the administration of, the devoted, disciplined cadre, which is indifferent to class or individual interests. Such a cadre, which has discerned the principles of the reform and adapted them as moral values, and a reform generation, are needed for the sake of the success of the reform"
Aydemir was a prolific writer. His most famous work was "İnkılap ve Kadro" (Revolution and the Cadre), published in 1932, where he outlined his theory of political economy presented in the Kadro journal. He published his memoirs, "Suyu Arayan Adam" (The Man Searching for Water) in 1959. Between 1963 and 1965, he published "Tek Adam" (The Single Man) a three volume tome on Mustafa Kemal Atatürk. He also published a biography of Ismet Inonu titled "Ikinci Adam" (The Second Man). 
Aydemir's complete bibliography includes:

</doc>
<doc id="18315895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315895" title="Adam Blatner">
Adam Blatner

Adam Blatner, MD, (born Howard Blatner in Los Angeles, CA, on 5 August 1937) is a Life Fellow of the American Psychiatric Association, doubly Board Certified in Child/Adult Psychiatry), a Certified Trainer of Psychodrama and a psychology theorist. He is the author of the book "Acting In", first published in 1973, which became the primary textbook for students of Psychodrama. He also wrote a number of other books and dozens of journal articles and chapters in textbooks, including the book (with his wife Allee Blatner) "The Art of Play" (see Publications, below).
Blatner has written papers and presented talks on a wide range of subjects, including Process philosophy, Postmodernism, and Scriptology. He became close friends with philosopher Charles Hartshorne in the final years of Hartshorne's life, helping him at his home in Austin, Texas.
Publications.
"Acting-In: Practical Applications of Psychodramatic Methods," 3rd Edition. New York: Springer. 218 pages. (3rd ed. 1996, 2nd ed. 1988, 1st ed., 1973). Also published in Korean, Spanish, Japanese, Chinese, Dutch, Turkish, Swedish, Finnish, Spanish, and Chinese.
"Foundations of Psychodrama: History, Theory, and Practice" (4th ed. 2000). New York: Springer, 2000, 320 pp. Also in Portuguese, Korean, Finnish, Turkish, Hungarian, Spanish and Chinese.
"The Art of Play: Helping Adults Reclaim Imagination and Spontaneity." co-authored with Allee Blatner (2nd ed. 1997) New York: Brunner/Routledge-Taylor & Francis.
"Interactive and Improvisational Drama: Varieties of Applied Theatre and Performance." (February, 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="18315934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315934" title="Cary (Metra station)">
Cary (Metra station)

Cary is a station on Metra's Union Pacific/Northwest Line located in Cary, Illinois. The station is located at 100 W. Main St. near Northwest Highway (US 14). Cary is from Ogilvie Transportation Center, the southern terminus of the Union Pacific/Northwest Line. In Metra's zone-based fare structure, Cary is located in zone H. The station consists of two side platforms which serve two tracks. A station house where tickets may be purchased is on the outbound platform. Parking is available.

</doc>
<doc id="18315951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315951" title="Visual odometry">
Visual odometry

In robotics and computer vision, visual odometry is the process of determining the position and orientation of a robot by analyzing the associated camera images. It has been used in a wide variety of robotic applications, such as on the Mars Exploration Rovers.
Overview.
In navigation, odometry is the use of data from the movement of actuators to estimate change in position over time through devices such as rotary encoders to measure wheel rotations. While useful for many wheeled or tracked vehicles, traditional odometry techniques cannot be applied to mobile robots with non-standard locomotion methods, such as legged robots. In addition, odometry universally suffers from precision problems, since wheels tend to slip and slide on the floor creating a non-uniform distance traveled as compared to the wheel rotations. The error is compounded when the vehicle operates on non-smooth surfaces. Odometry readings become increasingly unreliable over time as these errors accumulate and compound over time. 
Visual odometry is the process of determining equivalent odometry information using sequential camera images to estimate the distance traveled. Visual odometry allows for enhanced navigational accuracy in robots or vehicles using any type of locomotion on any surface.
Algorithm.
Most existing approaches to visual odometry are based on the following stages.
An alternative to feature-based methods is the "direct" or appearance-based visual odometry technique which minimizes an error directly in sensor space and subsequently avoids feature matching and extraction.
Another method, coined 'visiodometry' estimates the planar roto-translations between images using Phase correlation instead of extracting features.
Egomotion.
Egomotion is defined as the 3D motion of a camera within an environment. In the field of computer vision, egomotion refers to estimating a camera's motion relative to a rigid scene. An example of egomotion estimation would be estimating a car's moving position relative to lines on the road or street signs as observed from the car itself. The estimation of egomotion is important in autonomous robot navigation applications.
Overview.
The goal of estimating the egomotion of a camera is to determine the 3D motion of that camera within the environment using a sequence of images taken by the camera. The process of estimating a camera's motion within an environment involves the use of visual odometry techniques on a sequence of images captured by the moving camera. This is typically done using feature detection to construct an optical flow from two image frames in a sequence generated from either single cameras or stereo cameras. Using stereo image pairs for each frame helps reduce error and provides additional depth and scale information.
Features are detected in the first frame, and then matched in the second frame. This information is then used to make the optical flow field for the detected features in those two images. The optical flow field illustrates how features diverge from a single point, the "focus of expansion". The focus of expansion can be detected from the optical flow field, indicating the direction of the motion of the camera, and thus providing an estimate of the camera motion.
There are other methods of extracting egomotion information from images as well, including a method that avoids feature detection and optical flow fields and directly uses the image intensities.

</doc>
<doc id="18315954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315954" title="Dick Stahlman">
Dick Stahlman

Dick Stahlman (October 20, 1902 – May 11, 1970) was an American football offensive lineman. He played seven seasons in the National Football League and one season in the first American Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="18315968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315968" title="Arras (disambiguation)">
Arras (disambiguation)

Arras is the capital of the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
Arras may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18315985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315985" title="Niagara Falls (composition)">
Niagara Falls (composition)

Niagara Falls for Symphonic Band (1997) by American composer Michael Daugherty, is his first composition for the Concert band. It is a 10 minute, single-movement work, that (through evocative timbres) explores the most visited waterfalls in the world. "Niagara Falls" was commissioned by the University of Michigan Bands in honor of its centennial, and dedicated to H. Robert Reynolds. The premiere was performed by the University of Michigan Symphony Band, under the direction of Reynolds, on October 1997, at Hill Auditorium in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
In 2000, the Cavaliers Drum and Bugle Corps performed a variation of Daugherty's Niagara Falls to a first place tie with the Cadets Drum & Bugle Corps at the DCI World Championships in Washington, D.C.
References.
Official site [http://www.michaeldaugherty.net/]

</doc>
<doc id="18315992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18315992" title="D'Arras">
D'Arras

d'Arras is a French surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18316005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316005" title="Karymsky Lake">
Karymsky Lake

Karymsky Lake is a crater lake located in the Karymsky volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.
With a radius of 5 km it was once one of the world's largest fresh water lakes, but as a result of a recent eruption toxic gases turned this into one of the largest acid water lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="18316046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316046" title="Shaliach (Chabad)">
Shaliach (Chabad)

A shaliach (, pl. שליחים/שלוחים, shlichim/shluchim) is a member of the Chabad Hasidic movement who is sent out to promulgate Judaism and Hasidism in locations around the world. As of 2010, Chabad Shluchim number about 4,500 worldwide, and can be found in the most remote worldly locales.
Origins.
Starting in the 1950s, the Chabad-Lubavitch Rebbe, Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, sent many thousands of shluchim all over the world, often to remote locations, to bring Jews closer to Judaism through his mitzvah campaigns and to assist Jewish communities worldwide in their religious needs.
Meaning.
The Rebbe told Rabbi G.M. Garelick when he went out to Milano, "ou will be a Rabbi of a shul, headmaster of a school, director of a camp and a counselor for people, but none of it will truly define what you will do in Milan. It will be above and beyond all of it – you'll be a Shaliach."
Kinus HaShluchim.
The "Kinus Hashluchim" (Hebrew: כנוס השלוחים, lit. Assembly of Emissaries) is the annual gathering of Chabad shluchim held in the fall of each year. The conference is typically held in New York City on the weekend prior to the new Hebrew month of Kislev. Over 4,000 shluchim gather each year, making the assembly the largest rabbinical conference in the world.
A similar conference is held each winter for the shluchos (wives of the rabbis), typically proximate to the yahrtzeit of Rebbetzin Chaya Mushka Schneerson. The 2011 Kinus Hashluchos was a four-day affair including general sessions, nearly 100 workshops, an expo and resource fair, and a banquet attended by close to 3,000 women. One of the highlights of the banquet is the roll call which calls on shluchos who began their service in each decade (the 1940s, the 1950s, etc.) to stand to applause.
Both Kinusim are simulcast in multiple languages and have extensive tracking, including programs for lay leaders and children.

</doc>
<doc id="18316053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316053" title="Roemer's law">
Roemer's law

In health policy, Roemer's Law may be expressed as follows: "in an insured population, a hospital bed built is a filled bed " 
This rule was deduced by the American health services researcher Milton Roemer, working at the UCLA School of Public Health. Roemer and colleagues found a positive correlation between the number of short-term general hospital beds available per 1,000 population and the number of hospital days used per 1,000 population.
Whilst clearly Roemer's Law will not always hold true (not every bed that is ever built will be filled), it does provide the underpinning for certificate of need laws and for health planning.
The law is thought to be a consequence of induced demand i.e. physicians encouraging patients to consume services that the patients would not have chosen had they been fully informed. Health planning and certificate of need laws aim to prevent the waste that would otherwise occur due to Roemer's Law.
"One problem in this finding is that it could be the case that hospital stays are shorter in lower hospital bed per capita regions because of a deficit in supply (reverse causation). An increased number of beds may be due to patient preference for in-patient (rather than outpatient) care in a region."

</doc>
<doc id="18316064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316064" title="Karyms">
Karyms

Karyms () is an ethnic group in Russia which are métises of mixing Russians with Evenks and Buryats resulting from the lack of women among Russian settlers.
In the 2002 Russian Census, 2 persons self-identified themselves as karyms and were included into the ethnicity "Russians".

</doc>
<doc id="18316106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316106" title="Marling">
Marling

Marling can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18316108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316108" title="Jackie Husband">
Jackie Husband

Jackie Husband (1918 – 1992) was a Scottish internationalist professional association footballer and manager.
Partick Thistle.
He signed for Partick Thistle in 1938 and, apart from a brief spell as manager of Queen of the South, spent the rest of his adult life there. He was a centre back and is generally considered as one of Thistle's greatest ever players. He amassed 371 appearances and scored 12 goals during his playing career with Thistle. Husband was also capped by Scotland 3 times in 1946. He was noted for his ability to throw the football forty yards at throw-ins.
Husband spent 52 years at Partick Thistle, first as reserve player and progressing through roles as player, captain, trainer, coach, physio and kitman and was a regular at Firhill until days before his death in 1992. His greatest triumph at Thistle came in 1945 where he captained the team to a win over Hibernian to win the Summer Cup (the competition that replaced the Scottish Cup during the war).
Scotland.
Husband collected three caps for Scotland, but also played in another two unofficial internationals in 1945, before football resumed after the Second World War. As a farm-worker, Husband was exempt from military service. Husband also represented the Scottish League once.
Queen of the South.
Husband managed Dumfries club Queen of the South in 1967-68. In his time at Palmerston Park he worked with players such as Allan Ball, Iain McChesney and Billy Collings.

</doc>
<doc id="18316122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316122" title="Hauauru ma raki">
Hauauru ma raki

Hauāuru mā raki is a proposed wind farm development on the Waikato coast of New Zealand.
It will extend 34 km along the coast between Port Waikato and Raglan. The project covers an area of and has a capacity of up to 504 MW. The wind farm will be owned and operated by Contact Wind Ltd, a joint venture between national electricity generator Contact Energy and the local Wind Farm Group. The project will provide around 1440 GWh of electricity per year, equivalent to 180,000 homes.
Contact Energy applied for resource consents in June 2008. At that time, the first electricity from the wind farm was planned for 2013 with the project due for completion by 2016. In 2013, Contact announced that it planned to exit the project.
Resource consents.
In September 2008, the Energy Minister "called in" the project, meaning that instead of going though the standard resource consent process, the decision will be made by an independent board of enquiry. The move is possible if a project is considered to be of "national significance", and is generally (but rarely) used when the decision on an important project might otherwise be held up for a long time due to the standard process.
The Board of Inquiry established to consider the proposal was chaired by Environment Court judge Jeffrey Allan Smith. Other members of the Board were Dr Diane Menzies, Ms Gina Rangi and Mr John Lumsden. Hearings commenced on 27 April 2009 at Tuakau. In May, Contact requested a 12 month adjournment of proceedings to enable time to compile additional details requested by the Board of Inquiry.
In May 2011, the Board granted resource consents for the project, with conditions limiting the turbines to a height of 150m and three blades of up to 50m length.

</doc>
<doc id="18316143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316143" title="Humber Motorcycles">
Humber Motorcycles

Humber Motorcycles was a pioneering British motorcycle manufacturer. Thomas Humber established the company in Beeston, Nottinghamshire in 1868 to make top quality bicycles and was very successful, opening factories in Coventry and Wolverhampton. In 1896 Humber produced the first practical motorcycle made in the UK by fitting a bicycle with an E. J. Pennington two-horsepower motor.
Ultimately it was the success of Humber cars that brought the end of the motorcycles when Humber was taken over by the Rootes Group in 1930.
History.
Although the founder Thomas Humber left the business in 1892 his successors, Harry Lawson and an American Edward Pennington continued the name. Lawson brought with him the rights to his innovative three-wheeler, and Pennington owned a number of important patents. By 1903 the priority for the Humber factories was car production, with motorcycle and bicycle production as a sideline. Success with one of Pennington's 340 cc two-speed V twin engined Humbers in the first ever Isle of Man Junior TT in 1911 boosted the motorcycle sales.
Early Humber motorcycles were built under licence to Phelon & Moore with a single-cylinder P&M engine and two-speed chaindrive transmission. Disputes over royalty payments and P&M's desire to make their own motorcycles led to this licence being terminated in 1905, so later models had Humber 496 cc, 596 cc and 746 cc engines.
Humber was taken over in 1930 by the Rootes Group, who went on to make several very successful cars under the Humber name.

</doc>
<doc id="18316144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316144" title="Irondale High School">
Irondale High School

Irondale High School is a public high school located in New Brighton, Minnesota. A part of the Mounds View Public Schools district, the high school is located in a suburban area approximately ten miles north of downtown Minneapolis and Saint Paul. It includes grade 9-12, and was founded in 1967. It is one of two high schools that are in the 621 school district, the other being Mounds View High School.
Academics and recognition.
Irondale was listed in the top 5% of high schools in the country by "Newsweek" in 2010. This ranking is based on how much the faculty challenges students by offering AP/IB/Cambridge tests and college-level courses to students.
During the 2006-2007 school year, the school met all of the requirements for Adequate Yearly Progress and had an AYP graduation rate of 99.05%. The school offers Advanced Placement classes and participates in the University of Minnesota's College in the Schools program.
Irondale High School made headlines in late 2011 when it introduced its Early College program, which will begin with the 2012-2013 school year. The program, run in conjunction with Anoka-Ramsey Community College will allow students to graduate in four years with both a high school diploma and an associate's degree. This program prompted a visit from US Secretary of Education Arne Duncan, who praised Minnesota's efforts to further education.
Extracurricular activities.
Irondale has one of the most renowned marching bands in the state of Minnesota. Currently led by Bill Sucha, the Marching Knights have been bringing home top honors since the late 1980s at many state competitions. The band was the first Minnesota Marching Band State Champion at the 2005 Youth in Music championship held at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome. In 2010 the Irondale Marching Knights took first in the AA class at Bands of America.
The Irondale High School winter drumline and winter guard have had success at the state level. In 2009, the drumline was named the Minnesota state champions for the second year in a row, and the colorguard was named the Minnesota state champions for the 14th consecutive year. Both also frequently perform at the Winter Guard International World Championships in Dayton, Ohio. The Winter Guard was crowned Schlastic Open Class World Champions in 2002 at WGI and the Winter Drumline was the 2003 Scholastic Open Class Bronze Medalists.

</doc>
<doc id="18316173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316173" title="Ragnar Jonsson">
Ragnar Jonsson

Ragnar Jónsson (né Einar Ragnar Jónsson, February 7, 1904 – July 11, 1984), commonly known as Ragnar í Smára, was a key figure in the cultural life of Iceland as a major art patron, book publisher and art collector.
Early life.
Like all the young men and women of his generation, Ragnar had reasons to be optimistic. After six and half century of devastating colonialism Iceland’s struggle for independence finally bore fruit in 1918. His generation would be the first to reap the benefits. Like thousands of young men and women who flocked from the provinces into he fledgling capital of Reykjavik he was eager to help rebuild his country.
Fresh out of business school at the age of 18 he started working for the Smári margarine manufacturing company. Through hard work he eventually became its co-owner. Before long he was harnessing his success as an industrialist to finance his dream: To help a new generation of artists lift their country out of darkness and obscurity.
Influence in Iceland's Artistic Roots.
Music.
A passionate music lover Ragnar co-founded the Reykjavik Music Society, which, under his helm for over half a century, brought many of the world’s greatest names in classical music into Iceland: concert pianists, opera singers, as well as chamber music groups. To educate and train a new generation of musicians, the society went on to establish the Reykjavik Music School as well as take over managing the Reykjavik Orchestra which later became the foundation for the Iceland's internationally recognized Symphonic Orchestra.
Visual arts.
Compared to music the visual arts had considerably deeper roots in Icelandic culture beginning with the brilliant illustrators of the medieval Icelandic sagas. Ragnar started early on to support Icelandic painters and sculptors by buying their works. To help the public to get to know the artists and their works, he then diverted a part of his book-publishing efforts into printing high-quality art books. When this was not enough he began to produce and market exquisite “full-size” reproductions of many of their greatest works, which to this day adorn the walls of many Icelandic homes.
Literature.
Eventually, Ragnar would become best known for his work in book publishing. Of all the arts, literature was Iceland’s strongest. Late in the Middle Ages the country had produced some of history’s greatest poetry and novels. Now a new generation of writers and poets was beginning to make their mark. During the Great Depression many of these artists became radicalized. Their favorite hangout was an innocent-looking red-painted house on the outskirts of Reykjavik called Unuhús. It was in Unuhús that Ragnar met many of the most talented (and radical) writers of the day.
In the mid-1930s, Ragnar went into the book-publishing business. After partnering with Kristinn E. Andrésson in Heimskringla, he struck out on his own with Viking and later Helgafell Publishing Company. Soon he was publishing many of Iceland’s greatest authors including the “Unuhús writers” such as the legendary Halldór Laxness and Steinn Steinarr as well as the more “bourgeoisie” Gunnar Gunnarsson, Tómas Guðmundsson and Davíð Stefánsson. Twenty years later, in 1955, the entire Icelandic nation celebrated when one of these writers, Halldór Laxness, received the Nobel Prize for Literature. The land of the sagas was back on the literary map.
During this period of explosive growth in all branches of Icelandic arts, local reactionary politicians continued to maintain that radical artists and abstract “degenerate” painters were killing off the arts. During World War II this growing political harassment reached a climax forcing the politically diverse art community to unite and take a stand. In November 1942 Ragnar was instrumental in orchestrating Iceland’s first national festival of the arts to disarm the naysayers and prove once and for all that the arts of Iceland were indeed flourishing.
Later years.
In 1961 Ragnar and his wife Björg Ellingsen donated their legendary collection of paintings and sculptures to Iceland’s blue collar workers thus laying the foundation for a new museum: the ASÍ Art Museum in Reykjavik. In the late 1960s Ragnar was instrumental in the founding of the now internationally acclaimed Reykjavik Arts Festival and was the only individual to sit on its board. Ragnar died in 1984.
Sources.
1. Ragnar í Smára. Ingolfur Margeirsson. Listasafn ASÍ. Lögberg. Iceland. 1982.
2. Ragnar í Smára. Documentary film by Guðný Halldórsdóttir. 55 mínutes. Kvikmyndafélagið Umbi. Iceland. 2005.
3. #http://www.romarvefurinn.is/kristinnpetursson/skrif_kritik_ragnarismara.html
4. #http://www.sinfonia.is/default.asp?page_id=2047
5. #http://www.asi.is/desktopdefault.aspx/tabid-54//95_read-39/
6. #http://www.mbl.is/mm/gagnasafn/grein.html?radnr=802841

</doc>
<doc id="18316177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316177" title="Marler">
Marler

Marler is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
People with surnames that are cognates of Marler include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="18316179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316179" title="Nassau County Museum of Art">
Nassau County Museum of Art

The Nassau County Museum of Art (NCMA) is located 20 miles east of New York City on the former Frick Estate, a property in Roslyn Harbor in the heart of Long Island’s Gold Coast. The main museum building, named in honor of art collectors and philanthropists Arnold A. Saltzman and his wife Joan, is a three-story Georgian mansion that exemplifies Gold Coast architecture of the late 19th century. In addition to the mansion, NCMA, which receives nearly 200,000 visitors each year, includes the Art Space for Children, the Sculpture Park, the Formal Garden, rare specimen trees, marked walking trails and the Art School where an extensive array of beginning to advanced art classes are held for adults and children.
Overview.
NCMA annually presents major rotating exhibitions, many of which are original to the museum and are organized by the museum’s own curatorial staff. The museum's exhibitions have reached across a broad spectrum of artistic concerns—from European and American art movements, to epochs of American and European history, to the influences of one art form on another and to the impact of Long Island artists on art and design. In addition to these major exhibitions, NCMA mounts smaller original exhibitions in the Library Gallery and the Second Floor galleries and regularly showcases work by today’s artists in the Contemporary Gallery.
NCMA’s collection of more than 600 art objects spans American and European art of the 19th and 20th centuries. Encompassing all types of media, the collection includes works by Auguste Rodin, Georges Braque, Édouard Vuillard, Pierre Bonnard, Roy Lichtenstein, Larry Rivers, Robert Rauschenberg, Chaim Gross, Moses Soyer, Audrey Flack, Frank Stella, George Segal and Alex Katz among many others. Particularly notable are the museum’s holdings of works by Latin American artists of the 20th- and 21st-centuries. Among those represented in this collection are Wifredo Lam, Roberto Matta, Fernando Botero, Alejandro Colunga, Luiz Cruz Azeceta, Arnaldo Roche-Rabell and Efrain Almeida.
A major reorganization of the former Tee Ridder Miniatures Museum resulted in a facility that is dedicated to art and art-related activities for children and their families. Reflecting its new mission, the building is now called the Art Space for Children. A grassroots funding campaign has been launched by the museum to expand and completely transform the Art Space for Children.
NCMA's 145 acres constitute one of the largest publicly accessible sculpture gardens on the East Coast. Among the more than 40 sculptures sited on the property to interact with the natural environment are works by Tom Otterness, Alexander Calder, Fernando Botero, Chaim Gross, Alejandro Colunga, Masayuki Nagare, Richard Serra, Manolo Valdes and many others. The Sculpture Park was founded in 1989.
The museum's gardens and walking trails are also notable. Commissioned in 1925 by Frances Frick, an avid horticulturist and garden club member, the Frick Estate’s Formal Gardens have been restored to the original design of the famed landscape architect, Marian Cruger Coffin. Coffin considered these Formal Gardens to be among her finest creations. In recent years, the historic garden trellis and water tower have been restored to original condition. Additionally, many pathways through the 145-acre property are now marked as guided nature trails.
History.
The land that eventually became the museum grounds was previously the undeveloped portion of Cedarmere, poet William Cullen Bryant's retreat from his busy life in New York City. In the 1890s, his family sold all but seven acres to former congressman Lloyd Bryce, who hired Ogden Codman, Jr. to build a Georgian Revival mansion on the high ground in the middle of the property, overlooking nearby Hempstead Harbor. He named it Clayton.
In 1919 Bryant’s heirs sold the estate to Henry Clay Frick, the co-founder of U.S. Steel, for his son, Childs Frick. The architect Sir Charles Carrick Allow was commissioned to redesign the facade and much of the interior. The Fricks named their home Clayton. Childs Frick and his wife Frances lived at Clayton for almost 50 years, until his death in 1965. The county bought the estate four years later and converted it into a museum, called Nassau County Museum of Art. In 1989, NCMA became a private not-for-profit institution and since has been governed and funded by a private board of trustees which includes many of Long Island’s most prominent business, civic and social leaders.
The Fine Arts Museum of Long Island, which spun off from the Nassau County Museum of Art, operated from 1978 to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18316243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316243" title="Villainy">
Villainy

Villainy is a New Zealand alternative rock band from Auckland. Formed in 2010 the band consists of James Dylan (bass guitar), Neill Fraser (vocals and guitar), Dave Johnston (drums) and Thomas Watts (lead guitar)
Villainy have shared the stage with numerous local and international acts including Incubus (band), The Offspring, Billy Talent, Shihad and I Am Giant.
Band history.
Beginnings.
Villainy released their debut single 'Alligator Skin' online in May 2011. It was playlisted on The Rock (New Zealand) and reached number one in the Radioscope New Zealand Rock Charts.
A preview of the band's second single 'The Answer' was uploaded to Youtube in January 2011. The full song was released in February 2012 with the music video released online in May. In February the band was the sole support for Incubus (band) at their two New Zealand arena shows. This was followed by a major centres tour in July 2012 with Luger Boa and Clap Clap Riot. 
Their third single, Gather Yourselves, was released in August 2012 and reached number one on the Radioscope New Zealand Rock Charts, matching the success of their debut.
Mode. Set. Clear..
Villainy's debut album Mode. Set. Clear. was recorded with producer Tom Larkin, better known as the drummer for Shihad, and the producer of bands such as Calling All Cars and Fur Patrol. 
The debut album Mode. Set. Clear. was released in New Zealand on 19 October 2012 with cover art by the late Storm Thorgerson. The album debuted at #8 on the RIANZ Album Charts and was the #1 New Zealand album. 
In February 2013 Villainy supported The Offspring and Billy Talent at Vector Arena. March 2013 saw them performing a late afternoon slot at Homegrown Music Festival (New Zealand). The band then embarked on an 8 date New Zealand tour throughout the rest of that month and into April with New Plymouth band Rival State. 
Villainy travelled to Australia in September for their first international shows performing showcases in Brisbane, Sydney and Melbourne including two performances at the annual Big Sound conference held in Brisbane's Fortitude Valley. Returning home Villainy toured New Zealand for second time in October performing 12 shows with Blacklistt followed by a win at the New Zealand Music Awards for Best Rock Album.
In the summer of 2014 Villainy will appear at the New Zealand leg of the annual Big Day Out festival and again at the Homegrown Music Festival (New Zealand).
Discography.
Studio Albums.
• Mode. Set. Clear. (2012)

</doc>
<doc id="18316257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316257" title="Lake Kittamaqundi">
Lake Kittamaqundi

Lake Kittamaqundi is a man made reservoir located in Columbia, Maryland in the vicinity of the Mall in Columbia. It is also adjacent to the Rouse Company's offices and visible from US-29.
The lake was created by the Rouse company in 1966 during the development of Columbia. The company and its homeowners association claimed it was named after the first Indian settlement in Howard County and "Kittamaqundi" in the tribe's language translates to "meeting place." Kittamaqundi actually was a 1600's Piscataway village 40 miles south that was named after its ruler, 'Kittamaquund'. English settlers offered trinkets, protection, education and conversion to their religion in exchange for land for their settlements, then later drove them out of their homeland. "Kittamaqundi" translates to "Great Beaver Place" or "Strong Bear".
The area surrounding the lake is a popular location for various summer festivals and 4th of July fireworks.
History.
Kittamaqundi is one of four man-made lakes created with the construction of the Columbia development. The lake served a dual purpose as a recreational feature and a low cost primary catch basin for water runoff from Wilde Lake into the Little Patuxent river. 
One Kittamaqundi drowning in 1971 was ruled a suicide, with the recovery of the body inspiring the Stephen Amidon book "New City". Another drowning occurred in 1972 from an overturned canoe.
Lake Kittamaqundi featured an island known as "Nomanisan Island", named by Columbia resident Alan Levine in a 1980 contest held by the Columbia Association. The island's name came from the phrase "No Man Is an Island" by John Donne.
In 1990 Funding was sought for a pathway around the lake.
In the fall of 2010, dredging began in Lake Kittamaqundi. As sediment built up over the years since the lake's creation the depth of the lake was reduced. This dredging effort focused on restoring the lake to the original depths, reinforcing the banks, and creating two new peninsulas to enhance water flow. The dredging was completed in November 2011. 
The gap between the island and the east bank of the lake was filled in the dredging of 2011 creating a peninsula.
Environment.
The Mall in Columbia, General Growth Properties management offices, and buildings along Little Patuxent Parkway were developed with a minimum of stormwater management, and are directly in Kittamaqunidi's watershed. In 2008, a survey posted that 55,558 lbs. per year of total suspended solids (TSS) and 250 lbs. a year of phosphorus are collected in the lake. The recommendation was to have 6.3 million dollars in stormwater retention projects implemented to mitigate the development shortcomings for Lake Kittamaqundi alone.

</doc>
<doc id="18316281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316281" title="Seishun Shiterukai!">
Seishun Shiterukai!

Plot.
Usami Rika, a 16-year-old girl, come to Japan to teaches English and become a homeroom teacher in Shishimaru High School. She’s really happy to be a teacher until she finds out that something goes wrong in this school. At first, she saw Sahara Reo gives a large amount of money to Shirou Ookami, both her student in class 1-B. Later she finds out one of the top student, Watanuki Kumiko, steals some of the mid-year test paper in the staff room. She then realizes the culprit of the test question selling is Sahara Reo who kisses her as the bribe to shut Rika up.
Manga.
The Seishun Shiterukai manga was published by Ribon Mascot Comics, Shueisha. In 2004, Seishun Shiterukai was published in Indonesia by m&c! under the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="18316284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316284" title="Victrex">
Victrex

Victrex plc is a leading British-based producer of high performance polymers. It is a constituent of the FTSE 250.
History.
The company was established in 1993 by way of a management buyout of the "PEEK" polymer business of Imperial Chemical Industries plc. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1995. Based in Cleveleys near Blackpool in Lancashire Victrex has historically invested heavily to increase its capacity, most recently investing £90 million to increase production capacity by around 70%. By 2015 the production capacity of its polymer will be at 7,000 MT per annum (current capacity of 4,250 MT per annum).
Operations.
The Company is a manufacturer of high-performance polyaryletherketones, including VICTREX PEEK polymer. Its business is organized as two business units:

</doc>
<doc id="18316312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316312" title="Charles Caesar (Treasurer of the Navy)">
Charles Caesar (Treasurer of the Navy)

Charles Caesar (21 November 1673 – 2 April 1741) was a British Member of Parliament and a lawyer, a Tory and a Jacobite.
Life.
Charles Caesar was the son of Sir Charles Caesar of Benington, Hertfordshire. He was educated at St Catharine's College, Cambridge and admitted at the Middle Templein 1690. He entered Parliament in 1701 as member for Hertford. This was a borough where his family had considerable influence, but where there was an ongoing dispute over the franchise (the main bone of contention being whether non-resident freemen of the town were entitled to vote). Almost every election ended in a petition to the House of Commons against the result, and the usual outcome was that the cases were decided for partisan reasons rather than on the merits of the case. In 1708, Caesar was defeated at the general election by one Sir Thomas Clarke, and petitioned against the result, though he withdrew his petition before any decision had been reached.
He regained his seat in 1710, and served as Treasurer of the Navy in the Earl of Oxford's administration from 1711 to 1714, being turned out of office on the Hanoverian succession. At the general election of 1715 the Whigs secured a majority and although Caesar was re-elected for Hertford, his opponents (Clarke again being one) petitioned against him, alleging bribery and other illegal practices, and the result was overturned. Though temporarily out of Parliament, Caesar remained active in Tory politics and was a close associate of Oxford, being an intermediary in his attempt to enlist the support of Charles XII of Sweden for the Jacobite cause.
At the next election, in 1722, Caesar again saw his election overturned, sitting for only a few months before the committee deemed him not to have duly elected, and seated Sir Thomas Clarke once more. However, after this setback Caesar stood instead for the county at the following election, and sat as Hertfordshire's MP for most of the rest of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="18316313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316313" title="Brothel (film)">
Brothel (film)

Brothel is a 2008 film written and directed by Amy Waddell. The film stars Serena Scott Thomas, Brett Cullen, Timothy V. Murphy, and Bruce Payne. The movie was filmed in Jerome and Clarkdale, Arizona.
Reception.
John Reid, who reviewed the film for the "Sedona Red Rock News", noted 'the density of atmosphere and the intensity of the actors and crew palpable on the set'. David Kanowsky, who reviewed the film for Kudos, stated that it was 'a very fine ghost story without horror'. A contributor to the Independent Film Quarterly described the film as 'an erotic indie version of "Inception".

</doc>
<doc id="18316321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316321" title="Police Custody and Security Officer">
Police Custody and Security Officer

A police custody and security officer is a uniformed non-warranted officer of a Scottish police force. Pay ranges from £15,912– £19,002 per year.
Powers.
They have powers to:
Additional duties.
They also have duties to:
It is an offence to assault or impersonate an officer.

</doc>
<doc id="18316347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316347" title="6th (Poona) Division">
6th (Poona) Division

The 6th (Poona) Division was a division of the British Indian Army. It was formed in 1903, following the Kitchener reforms of the Indian Army.
World War I.
The 6th (Poona) Division served in the Mesopotamian campaign. Led by Major General Barrett then Major General Townshend, the division were the first British Indian troops to land in Mesopotamia in November 1914 at the Fao Landing. After a string of early successes, the 6th Division was delivered a setback at the Battle of Ctesiphon in November 1915. Following this engagement, the division withdrew back to Kut, where Townshend made the decision to hold the city. After a lengthy siege by the Ottomans, Townshend surrendered in April 1916. 10,061 troops were taken captive. Following the surrender, the garrisoned force conducted a forced march back to Anatolia. The suffering of the enlisted soldiers was particularly egregious, and over 4000 died in captivity.
After the surrender, the Poona Division ceased to exist until another 6th Division was raised in 1920 for the Iraq Rebellion.

</doc>
<doc id="18316426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316426" title="Charles Caesar (disambiguation)">
Charles Caesar (disambiguation)

Charles Caesar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18316453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316453" title="List of international cricket centuries by Sourav Ganguly">
List of international cricket centuries by Sourav Ganguly

Sourav Ganguly is a former Indian cricketer and captain of the Indian national team. He scored centuries (100 or more runs) on 16 occasions in Test cricket and in 22 One Day International (ODI) matches. He never played a Twenty20 international.
In Tests, Ganguly scored centuries against all the Test-cricket playing nations except the West Indies and South Africa. He is sixth on the list of leading Test century makers for India. He made a century on Test debut, scoring 131 against England in Lord's in 1996, the tenth Indian player to score a century on Test debut, and is the third player – the first since John Hampshire in 1969 – to score a century on debut at Lord's. In his next Test match at Trent Bridge, he made 136, becoming only the third batsman to make a century in each of his first two innings. His highest score is 239, against Pakistan in 2007 at M. Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bangalore. This was his only double century (200 or more runs). His centuries have been scored in fourteen cricket grounds, of which eight were outside India. He ended up in the nineties on four occasions, including twice on 99.
In ODIs, Ganguly scored centuries against ten opponents, including all the cricketing nations that have permanent One Day International status except the West Indies. His first ODI century was against Sri Lanka at the R. Premadasa Stadium, Colombo in 1997. His highest ODI score is 183, which was also scored against Sri Lanka at the County Ground, Taunton in 1999. He is fourth in the list of leading century makers in ODIs, behind Sachin Tendulkar, who has , Ricky Ponting with 30 and Sanath Jayasuriya with 28. Out of these centuries, four were scored at home grounds and eighteen were at away (opposition's home) or neutral venues. He was dismissed six times between 90 and 100.
Test centuries.
Key:
ODI centuries.
Key:

</doc>
<doc id="18316454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316454" title="La Fox, Illinois">
La Fox, Illinois

La Fox is an unincorporated community in Blackberry Township, Kane County, Illinois, USA. The community is located 4 miles west of Geneva and 5 miles east of Elburn. It serves as a station on Metra's Union Pacific/West Line.
History.
La Fox was established about 1859 on the Chicago and North Western Transportation Company which was built through the area in 1854. The community was first named "Kane Station" but was renamed "La Fox" when the post office in present-day Geneva was moved to present-day La Fox. 

</doc>
<doc id="18316460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316460" title="Makara (magazine)">
Makara (magazine)

Makara was a Canadian feminist arts journal, produced in Vancouver, B.C. from December 1975 to 1978 by the Pacific Women’s Graphic Arts Co-operative, in co-operation with Press Gang Publishers. The collective began work in 1972-3.
The magazine was billed as "The Canadian magazine by women for people" and it "sought to explore alternatives to traditional journal structures and work toward positive social change" and reflect concerns arising from the women's movement at the populist and academic levels. 
"Makara" stopped publishing after 13 issues because it was not self-supporting; sales and advertising revenues did not cover printing costs or salaries, and a government grant which had sustained it ended. Journalist Eleanor Wachtel describes a major problem faced by feminist magazines and journals in Canada in her 1983 report on "Feminist Print Media" as involving "a small population stretched out across 4000 miles". 
The magazine's fonds were donated to author Margo Dunn and can now be found in the Simon Fraser University archives in Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="18316463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316463" title="Achash, Virginia">
Achash, Virginia

Achash is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18316465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316465" title="Aroda, Virginia">
Aroda, Virginia

Aroda is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18316475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316475" title="Aylor, Virginia">
Aylor, Virginia

Aylor is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18316477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316477" title="Arthur Kneller">
Arthur Kneller

Arthur Kneller (28 April 1894 – 19 July 1969) was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Hampshire County Cricket Club between 1924 and 1926. He was educated at Ardingly College. He was also the Deputy Commissioner of Labour in Kenya. He died in Chichester, Sussex, England in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="18316481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316481" title="Louisiana Red">
Louisiana Red

Iverson Minter (March 23, 1932 – February 25, 2012), known as "Louisiana Red", was an African American blues guitarist, harmonica player, and singer, who recorded more than 50 albums. He was best known for his song "Sweet Blood Call".
Biography.
Born in Bessemer, Alabama, Minter lost his parents early in life; his mother died of pneumonia shortly after his birth, and his father was lynched by the Ku Klux Klan in 1937. He was brought up by a series of relatives in various towns and cities. Red recorded for Chess in 1949, before joining the Army. 
He was initially trained with the 82nd Airborne as a parachutist and he went to Korea in 1951. The 82nd airborne didn't go there as a complete unit, only some of soldiers were dispatched and became rangers in 2nd, 3rd and 7th Infantry Divisions. Red said he was assigned to the 3rd Infantry Division.
After leaving the Army, he spent two years in the late 1950s playing with John Lee Hooker in Detroit. He recorded for Checker Records in 1952, billed as Rocky Fuller.
His first album, "Lowdown Back Porch Blues", was recorded in New York with Tommy Tucker and released in 1963, with second album "Seventh Son" released later the same year. Louisiana Red released the single "I'm Too Poor To Die" for the Glover label in 1964. It peaked at number 117 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, and number 30 on the "Cashbox" chart. "Billboard" did not print a standard R&B chart during 1964.
He maintained a busy recording and performing schedule through the 1960s and 1970s, having done sessions for Chess, Checker, Atlas, Glover, Roulette, L&R and Tomato amongst others. In 1983 he won a W.C. Handy Award for Best Traditional Blues Male Artist. He lived in Hanover, Germany since 1981.
He has also made film appearances in "Rockpalast" (1976), "Comeback" (1982), "Ballhaus Barmbek" (1988), "Red and Blues" (2005) and "Family Meeting" (2008).
In 1994, Louisiana Red fused the blues with the urban Greek music of the bouzouki player, Stelios Vamvakaris, on the album, "Blues Meets Rembetika". He continued to tour, including regular returns to the US, until his death. In 2011, Louisiana Red released "Memphis Mojo" to broad public acclaim.
Death.
Michael Messer, from Michael Messer Music, noted on February 25, 2012: "I am very sorry to be bringer of such sad news that my dear friend, Louisiana Red, died this morning. He had a stroke on Monday and had been in a coma." Louisiana Red had died in Hanover, Germany, aged 79.

</doc>
<doc id="18316485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316485" title="Banco, Virginia">
Banco, Virginia

Banco is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18316490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316490" title="Powder Blues Band">
Powder Blues Band

The Powder Blues Band is a Canadian blues/pop/jazz band formed in 1978 in Vancouver. Its first album "Uncut" went double platinum in Canada. The second album "Thirsty Ears" was similarly popular. Members have included Tom Lavin, Dave Woodward, Duris Maxwell, Willie MacCalder, Gordon Bertram, Bill Runge, Jerry Cook, Bill Clark, and Daryl Bennett.
Their best known songs include: "Boppin' with the Blues", "Doin' It Right", "Thirsty Ears", "Hear That Guitar Ring", and "What've I Been Drinkin". Their newest release is "Blues + Jazz = BLAZZ!" from 2004.
History.
The Powder Blues Band was founded in 1978 as a house band in the Gastown district of Vancouver, British Columbia. The band was founded by brothers Tom Lavin (guitar, vocals), Jack Lavin (bass, vocals), and Willie MacCalder (keyboards, vocals). After playing in local clubs for 18 months, the band released their self-financed and self-produced debut album, "Uncut", in 1980, followed by a tour of Canada and the US. The band won the Juno Award for "Most Promising Group of the Year" in 1981. "Uncut" went double platinum in Canada in 1982, selling over 200,000 copies. Their second album, "Thirsty Ears", was released in 1981 and was certified platinum in Canada. In 1986, the band won the American W.C. Handy Award for "Foreign Band of the Year". The band's greatest hits album "First Decade" was released in 1990 and was certified gold.
The initial lineup of the band consisted of:
Current lineup.
The band's most recent release is "blues + jazz = BLAZZ!" (2004). The lineup on that album consisted of:

</doc>
<doc id="18316522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316522" title="Mountain Pass, California">
Mountain Pass, California

Mountain Pass is an unincorporated community in San Bernardino County, California, United States. It is situated on Interstate 15 in the southeast mountainous desert region of the state approximately from the Nevada border at an elevation of - the highest point along I-15 between California and Nevada. It has a population of 30.
The most prominent feature of the town, and its reason for existence, is the Mountain Pass rare earth mine, an open pit mine for rare earth elements. The mine and its associated processing facilities, which are owned by Molycorp Minerals, are currently undergoing expansion and modernization, and are expected to be back up to full production in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18316530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316530" title="Haavisto (village)">
Haavisto (village)

Haavisto is a village in the town of Karkkila, Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="18316534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316534" title="Beaver Park, Virginia">
Beaver Park, Virginia

Beaver Park is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18316537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316537" title="Beverly Burns">
Beverly Burns

Captain Beverly Lynn Burns is the first woman to captain the Boeing 747 jumbo jet. On the afternoon of July 18, 1984, Burns made her maiden voyage as Captain when she commanded People Express aircraft 604 from Newark International Airport to Los Angeles International Airport. 
By the time she retired, in February 2008, she had been a captain with the airlines for twenty-seven years and amassed over twenty-five thousand hours of flight time. While with People Express she captained the Boeing 727, Boeing 737 and Boeing 747. Between the time the company merged with Continental Airlines in 1987 and the onset of the 2000 millennium, she added the DC-9, DC-10, Boeing 757 and Boeing 767 to the list of jetliners she had captained. Then, in May 2001, Burns became captain on one of the most technologically sophisticated airliners of its time, the Boeing 777.
In addition to her qualifications on the flight deck, Burns had acquired an understanding of the airlines as a business. From 1971 to 1978, she worked as stewardess for American Airlines while attending flight school. In 1978, she held positions as a flight instructor and charter pilot for Hinson Airways. The following year, she flew as captain for Allegheny Commuter until 1981, when she went to work for People Express.
While with People Express, Burns had a number of non-traditional duties. She worked in reservations; in scheduling; and as a gate agent, baggage handler, and avionics trainer. Varying the duties of pilots — an operating approach novel to the industry in the early 1980s — required the company's CEO to obtain special FAA authorization, an action that facilitated a number of firsts in the industry. For Burns it meant becoming the "first" woman to ever work as a certified aircraft dispatcher while performing duties as a line captain. 
Captain Burns received numerous awards and commendations. On January 31, 1985, she received the Amelia Earhart Award—presented by New Jersey Governor Thomas Kean and the CEO of People Express, Donald Burr—for her historical flight as captain of the Boeing 747 on July 18, 1984. Prior to that award, on August 14, 1984, she received an Award of Recognition from Baltimore Mayor William Donald Schaefer, which cited her as one of Baltimore's best. On August 16, she received a letter of congratulation from New Jersey Senator C. Louis Bassano, who prepared a resolution in her honor. On August 21, U.S. Senator Frank R. Lautenberg of New Jersey credited her with opening "doors for millions of American women" and read her deeds into the Congressional Record. On October 17, Maryland Governor Harry Hughes sent a letter of congratulation and named her an "ambassador of goodwill" for the state. On November 16, she received a letter of congratulation from President Ronald Reagan and was invited to the 50th American President Inaugural. 
More recent commendations included a 2001 citation from U.S. Senator Barbara Mikulski of Maryland and a letter of congratulation, dated August 7, 2001, from President George W. Bush. On February 6, 2002, a proclamation by Baltimore Mayor Martin O'Malley designated the date as Beverly Burns Day in Baltimore. In 2003, she received a Certificate of Appreciation from USAF General John W. Handy for outstanding support for Operation Iraqi Freedom while serving as a member of the Civil Reserve Air Fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="18316545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316545" title="Muztagh">
Muztagh

Muztagh may refer to:
The Greater Karakoram ranges
Two mountain passes in the Karakoram, the western and the eastern
The Mountains

</doc>
<doc id="18316549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316549" title="Burnt Tree, Virginia">
Burnt Tree, Virginia

Burnt Tree is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18316560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316560" title="Criglersville, Virginia">
Criglersville, Virginia

Criglersville is an unincorporated community in Madison County, Virginia, United States. It is located along the Old Blue Ridge Turnpike (Virginia State Route 670). The Robinson River passes through the town.

</doc>
<doc id="18316574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316574" title="Oswego County Public Access 96">
Oswego County Public Access 96

Oswego County Public Access is a 24-hour Public-access television cable TV channel, its headquarters are located in Oswego, New York. It is owned and programming by SUNY Oswego, and is only available on cable TV throughout Oswego, New York. 
Format.
The Network airs the Information on Title Cards with Audio Carried from the WRVO, the college run NPR affiliate. The station airs Local Events, Charities, Health Services and Groups & Local Weather. 

</doc>
<doc id="18316576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316576" title="Ten-Point Program">
Ten-Point Program

The Black Panther Party's Ten-Point Program, also known as "The Black Panther Party for Self-Defense Ten-Point Platform and Program" is a set of guidelines to the Black Panther Party's ideals and ways of operation, a "combination of a Bill of Rights and a Declaration of Independence." The document was created in 1966 by Huey Newton and Bobby Seale whose political thoughts lay within the realm of Marxism and Black Nationalism. Each one of these statements were put in place for all of the Black Panther Party members to live by and actively practice every day.
The Ten Point Program comprised two sections. The first described what the Black Panther Party wants from what they would describe as the racist leaders of American Society. Entitled "What We Want", this section states that,
Newton and Seale believed that the Black community had been deprived of these benefits over the years, and that the only way to correct this injustice was in repayment of assets that had been lost to them over many years of slavery.
The second part of the document is entitled "What We Believe". The section is structured similarly to the US Constitution. It expands on the first section, making demands of what will be deemed sufficient payment for the injustices committed against the Black Community. For example one section states that, "We believe that this racist government has robbed us and now we are demanding the overdue debt of forty acres and two mules. Forty acres and two mules was promised 100 years ago as a restitution for slave labor and mass murder of black people". It continues to state that, "We will accept this payment in currency which will be distributed to our many communities."
Several of the demands were more realistic. The Black Panther Party came to prominence during the Vietnam War, so the "What We Believe" section also included a demand that Blacks be exempt from military service to a "racist government that does not protect us." "WE will not fight and kill other people of color in the world who, like black people, are being victimized by the white racist government of America."
Legacy.
The Ten-Point Program formed the basis for the Black Panther Party. It was seen as the governing document that defined the actions of the Party.
In 1972, Newton shifted the focus of his political activities from Black Nationalism to Intercommunalism, seeking to empower all disenfranchised groups. The Ten Point Plan was modified to reflect this changing focus — for instance, adding a demand for completely free health care — leading to tension within the party. The Party had changed from merely focusing on Blacks themselves to now focusing on more minority groups and how to improve their lives. Focusing on injustices, they began to see their struggle as one that many people faced.
The Ten-Point Program was ultimately unsuccessful, but some of the rights demanded for were slowly given to black people through the course of the civil rights movement in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18316582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316582" title="Decapolis, Virginia">
Decapolis, Virginia

Decapolis is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18316593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316593" title="Duet, Virginia">
Duet, Virginia

Duet is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18316614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316614" title="Elly, Virginia">
Elly, Virginia

Elly is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18316619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316619" title="Capital Artists">
Capital Artists

Capital Artists is a Hong Kong–based record label, owned by eSun Holdings, a subsidiary of Lai Sun Development. Founded in 1971, Capital Artists signed some of the biggest names in the Cantopop industry, including Roman Tam, Anita Mui, and Leslie Cheung, among others. During its prime in the 1970s and 1980s, Capital had dozens of artists under contract and was one of the biggest labels in Hong Kong.
In early 1996, Capital Artists was purchased by SCMP Group. In 2001, after four years of poor sales, Capital Artists ceased music production and dismissed most of its staff, staying in business solely to collect copyright revenue and issue compilations. In late 2008, it was purchased by eSun Holdings.
The Capital Artists logo is a lower-case "c" merged into a lower-case, slightly larger, "a".
History.
In 1972, Capital Artists began hosting concerts and placed music producers Chan Suk-fan (Chinese: 陳淑芬) and Chan Lau-chyun (Chinese: 陳柳泉) in charge of the events. In 1975, a records division was established.
Throughout the 1970s, Capital Artists focused primarily on producing music for television dramas. In 1982, however, Capital Artists shifted their focus to the Hong Kong–based television network TVB, and began taking part in TVB's newly created "New Talent Singing Awards" (Chinese: 香港新秀歌唱大賽), or "NTSA" (renamed "NTSA International Finals" (全球華人新秀歌唱大賽) in 1997 and "TVB8 International Chinese NTSA" (TVB8全球華人新秀歌唱大賽) in 2005). The winner of the contest was guaranteed a recording contract with the record label.
Capital Artists has claimed many music superstars, and for a time, it was one of the top five record labels in Hong Kong, along with BMG, PolyGram (later sold to Universal Music Group), Warner Bros. Records, and EMI.
List of singers (2008-).
Male singers.
William So
Edmond Leung
List of singers (1971–2001).
Singing groups.
† Artist signed with a different label.
‡ No official English name could be found. This is a direct translation.

</doc>
<doc id="18316628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316628" title="Etlan, Virginia">
Etlan, Virginia

Etlan is an unincorporated community in Madison County, Virginia, United States. It is located near Old Rag Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="18316651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316651" title="Five Forks, Madison County, Virginia">
Five Forks, Madison County, Virginia

Five Forks is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18316664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316664" title="Andrew Wright (footballer)">
Andrew Wright (footballer)

Andrew David Wright (born 15 January 1985) is an English footballer who plays for Morecambe as a midfielder and right back.
He has previously played for the Cape Cod Crusaders, Scunthorpe United and Grimsby Town
Career.
Born in Formby, Merseyside, Wright began his career at his hometown club Liverpool as a youth team player, however he was released from the Anfield club in 2004 and subsequently joined American side West Virginia University where he also earned his degree in Physical Education, he is described as completing 'one of the finest careers in school history' and was called up to the College Men's MVP side – its version of an All-America team.
Wright joined Scunthorpe United in January 2008 from West Virginia University. On 28 September 2010 he joined Conference National team Grimsby Town on loan. He scored his first goal for Grimsby, and his first career goal, in a 3–3 draw with Forest Green Rovers on 7 October 2010. Wright was recalled by the Iron 26 November 2010 due to an injury crisis.
On 22 March 2012 Wright re-joined Grimsby Town on a one month loan deal. He returned to Scunthorpe a month later after playing four times, scoring once.
He was released by the club in May 2012. and signed for Morecambe on 30 May 2012.
On 18 February 2014, Wright extended his contract at Morecambe until the end of the 2014–15 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18316684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316684" title="Jörg Daniel">
Jörg Daniel

Jörg Daniel (born 9 July 1951 in Hagen) is a former German footballer, currently a coach for the German Football Association. As a goalkeeper he made 112 Bundesliga appearances for Fortuna Düsseldorf. 
Career.
Playing career.
Daniel began his football career with SV Herringen, and had his first experience of success in 1969, winning the A-Jugend youth championship with VfL Bochum. He moved to Alemannia Aachen in 1970, playing in the German second-tier Regionalliga West as Aachen's reserve goalkeeper. In order to concentrate on his training as sports teacher, he became an amateur again in 1972, joining SG Eschweiler and completed his Diploma at Cologne Sports College.
In 1974, at the age of 23, he returned to professional football with Fortuna Köln in the 2. Bundesliga, becoming reserve keeper behind Wolfgang Fahrian, making only rare appearances. For the 1975–76 season he was loaned out to Union Solingen, where he gave some solid displays and led to his transfer to Bundesliga side Fortuna Düsseldorf in 1976. 1977 saw Daniel promoted to first-choice goalkeeper following an injury to Wilfried Woyke. Daniel played for the club for five years, during which time the club won the DFB-Pokal twice, in 1979 and 1980, and reached the final of the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1979.
Daniel's contract with Fortuna Düsseldorf expired in 1981, and Daniel's inconsistent form meant the club didn't offer him an extension. Not finding another professional club to join, he retired from playing professional football that same year.
Non-playing career.
After retiring from playing, Daniel then continued his sporting education and gained his football coaching license. Between 1984 and 1999 Daniel served as coach for the Baden-Württemberg Football Association in Karlsruhe. In July 1999 he was employed by the German Football Association, training players from the Under-15 to Under-17 levels as well as a goalkeeping coach for the Germany national football team. After leaving this post in 2004, he became co-ordinator and Sporting Director of the Football Association's talent programs and coaching school.
In 1990 Daniel, alongside Gerhard Hamsen, wrote the book "Fußball-Jugendtraining. Grundlagen, Übungen, Programme."

</doc>
<doc id="18316694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316694" title="Fletcher, Virginia">
Fletcher, Virginia

Fletcher is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18316701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316701" title="Surahammars IF">
Surahammars IF

Surahammars IF is a sports club in Surahammar, Sweden. The club was officially founded June 4, 1914, even though the activity started in 1911. The club now focus on ice hockey, but they have had several sections, of which the association football and bandy sections were of highest notability (reaching the second highest divisions in Sweden). The ice hockey section ("Sura Blue Hammers") now plays in the third highest division in Sweden, but has been in the highest.

</doc>
<doc id="18316734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316734" title="Fordsville, Virginia">
Fordsville, Virginia

Fordsville is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18316744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316744" title="Graves Mill, Virginia">
Graves Mill, Virginia

Graves Mill is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia, USA.
Rapidan Camp was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18316754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316754" title="Flare (album)">
Flare (album)

Flare is the Japanese pop singer Hitomi Shimatani's seventh studio album. It is available in both CD and CD+DVD format.

</doc>
<doc id="18316763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316763" title="Haywood, Virginia">
Haywood, Virginia

Haywood is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18316775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316775" title="Hood, Virginia">
Hood, Virginia

Hood is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18316780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316780" title="Samuel Knight (bishop)">
Samuel Knight (bishop)

Samuel Kirshbaum Knight was a suffragan bishop from 1924 until his death in 1932.
Born in 1868 and educated at Trinity College, Dublin he was ordained in 1892. His first post was as a curate at Wardleworth after which he was successively Priest-in-charge at "St Paul’s Barking" and Vicar of "St Mark’s Notting Hill" before being appointed a Lecturer at King's College London. In 1919 he moved to the North East to becoming the Rural Dean for the Houghton-le-Spring area, then a Canon Residentiary at Durham Cathedral and finally in 1924 the Bishop of Jarrow.He was married to Emmeline Cicely Knight, who died on 26 November 1955, aged 83. They are buried together in St Cuthbert's Cemetery, Durham.

</doc>
<doc id="18316791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316791" title="Kinderhook, Virginia">
Kinderhook, Virginia

Kinderhook is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18316797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316797" title="Leon, Virginia">
Leon, Virginia

Leon is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18316805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316805" title="Locust Dale, Virginia">
Locust Dale, Virginia

Locust Dale is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.
Locust Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18316813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316813" title="Madison Mills, Virginia">
Madison Mills, Virginia

Madison Mills is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.
Greenway and Willow Grove are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Madison Mills has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18316823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316823" title="Nethers, Virginia">
Nethers, Virginia

Nethers is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.
Corbin Cabin was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18316833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316833" title="Novum, Virginia">
Novum, Virginia

Novum is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18316842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316842" title="O'Neal, Virginia">
O'Neal, Virginia

O'Neal is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18316854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316854" title="Oakpark, Virginia">
Oakpark, Virginia

Oakpark is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18316889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316889" title="Oldrag, Virginia">
Oldrag, Virginia

Oldrag is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia, on Old Rag Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="18316896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316896" title="Pratts, Virginia">
Pratts, Virginia

Pratts is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18316900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316900" title="Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company Historic District">
Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company Historic District

The Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Company Historic District consists of the historic right-of-way of the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (also known as The Milwaukee Road) in the Bitterroot Mountains from East Portal, Montana (near St. Regis), to the mouth of Loop Creek, Idaho (near Pearson), a distance of . The district was once part of the railroad's mainline from Chicago, Illinois to Tacoma, Washington.
History.
The Milwaukee Road was the United States' last transcontinental railroad. The Milwaukee Road felt that in order to compete with the Northern Pacific Railroad and the Great Northern Railway, it had to construct a rail line from the Midwest to the Pacific Coast. In 1906, construction commenced on the "Pacific Extension". It roughly paralleled the two earlier railroads. The route was surveyed in 1906. The railroad decided to cross the Bitterroot Mountains at St. Paul Pass. This pass was chosen because of the stands of marketable white pine timber and also because there was no other competing railroad nearby. From the pass the railroad followed the St. Joe River to Avery, Idaho.
The construction of this segment of the Pacific Extension was the most expensive, due to the remote location and rugged terrain. The railroad built 14 tunnels and 26 bridges. The tunnel at St. Paul Pass was long.
Beginning in 1914, the railroad electrified its mountain segments. Substations for electric power were built at East Portal and at Avery. Catenary lines were placed over the tracks. In 1974, the railroad ceased electric operations.
In 1980, the railroad went bankrupt and embargoed its line west of Miles City, Montana. The right-of-way in Idaho was sold off. In 1985, the US Government purchased the portion from Avery to East Portal. From Avery to Loop Creek, the Forest Service built an access road. The portion from Loop Creek to East Portal was made into a bike trail, known as the Route of the Hiawatha Trail.
Legacy.
The right-of-way still retains its setting and integrity; the bridges and tunnels are still standing. In places the poles that supported the overhead wires are still in place, as are flanger signs. In addition, the district may be able to help archaeologists learn more about the early construction of the railroad and the crews that did the work. For these reasons, the of the Milwaukee Road's Pacific Extension through the Bitterroot Mountains were listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
See also.
Lookout Pass Ski and Recreation Area

</doc>
<doc id="18316915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316915" title="Hammond's Knoll">
Hammond's Knoll

Hammond's Knoll is a long sandbank off the coast of Norfolk, England at Happisburgh, to the east of Haisborough Sands. The sandbank at low tide has a depth of at each end, and in the centre. The sandbank has lighted buoys at its north and east ends.
Ships wrecked on Hammond's Knoll.
Some of the ships wrecked here include:

</doc>
<doc id="18316932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316932" title="Cheadle Royal Hospital">
Cheadle Royal Hospital

Cheadle Royal Hospital, originally the Manchester Royal Lunatic Asylum, is a psychiatric hospital situated on Wilmslow Road in Heald Green, Greater Manchester, England. Built between 1848-1849, the main building is Grade II listed and was designed by Richard Lane in the Elizabethan style. 
History.
The hospital was founded at Manchester in 1763 when only three other similar institutions existed in England. The original lunatic hospital was built in 1763 next to the Manchester Infirmary in what later became Piccadilly Gardens but in 1849 it was relocated by the trustees to a new site in Cheadle ten miles to the south. The first site at Cheadle was only 37 acres but either by purchase or gift 220 more acres were acquired and additional buildings were built. In 1903 "The North House" was opened and in 1911 a convalescent hospital in Colwyn Bay, north Wales, was opened. In 1928 the hospital had provision for the treatment of 400 private patients.

</doc>
<doc id="18316948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316948" title="Carlos Muñoz Cobo">
Carlos Muñoz Cobo

Carlos Antonio Muñoz Cobo, known as simply Carlos (born 25 August 1961), is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker.
He represented five clubs in his professional career in his country, mainly Oviedo, moving to Mexico well into his 30's where he continued to score at an excellent rate. Over the course of 11 seasons, he amassed La Liga totals of 314 games and 111 goals.
Early years.
Carlos was born in Úbeda, Andalusia. At the age of seven, he moved to Catalonia with his family for working purposes, beginning his career with local amateur clubs and making his senior debuts in Tercera División with CF Igualada.
In 1981 Carlos moved to Cádiz for his military service, going on to spend one year out of football as local Cádiz CF tried to acquire him, being denied by Igualada.
Club career.
In 1983 Carlos signed for FC Barcelona, going on to appear almost exclusively for its reserves during his spell – he did compete with the main squad in the Copa de la Liga – and also being consecutively loaned to Elche CF, Hércules CF and Real Murcia, all in La Liga. In the 1987–88 season, still owned by the "Blaugrana", he joined Real Oviedo in Segunda División, with whom he achieved promotion (finished fourth, but Real Madrid Castilla was ineligible) while becoming the category's top scorer.
Carlos subsequently returned to Barcelona and, despite his wish to remain with Oviedo, was sold to Atlético Madrid where he could never settle, being barred in the capital outfit by the likes of Baltazar and Manolo. He returned to the Asturians for the following campaign, proceeding to amass more than 100 overall goals for the side; in seven top level seasons, he only netted once in single digits and had 20 in 1993–94.
Subsequently, Carlos had an abroad spell with Mexico's Puebla FC, where he continued to display his scoring ability. In a 12 October 1996 match against Tecos UAG, he netted four times in a 5–2 success; he retired from football altogether after a few games with another side in the country and region, Lobos de la BUAP, at the age of 40.
International career.
For the Spanish national team Carlos played six times with as many goals, in a one-year span. His first game came on 12 September 1990 in a friendly match with Brazil in Gijón, and he scored after ten minutes in a 3–0 win.
After his stellar campaign with Oviedo, Carlos was overlooked by national boss Javier Clemente for his 1994 FIFA World Cup squad, even though he was the best national goal scorer in the season. The pair had had a run-in whilst at Atlético Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="18316951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316951" title="W. Robert Wyman">
W. Robert Wyman

William Robert Wyman, (1930 – June 11, 2007) was a Canadian businessman and Chancellor of the University of British Columbia from 1984 to 1987.
Born in Edmonton, Alberta, Wyman received a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of British Columbia in 1956. He started his career as an analyst in the investment department of Canada Life Assurance Company. In 1962, he joined Pemberton Securities Inc. as a manager in the research department. He would rise to become president and CEO in 1975 and chairman in 1982. From 1991 to 1992, he was chairman and CEO of B.C. Hydro and Power Authority. He was also a Vice Chairman and Director of RBC Dominion Securities. From 1984 to 1987, he was the Chancellor of the University of British Columbia.
In 2003, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada in recognition for being "a prominent advocate for corporate social responsibility".

</doc>
<doc id="18316998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316998" title="Werner (Salian)">
Werner (Salian)

Werner V (c. 899 – c. 935) was a count in the Nahegau, Speyergau and Wormsgau and an early ancestor of the Salian Dynasty of German kings.
His father was Count Werner IV and his mother was a sister of king Conrad I of Germany. He married Hicha of Swabia, daughter of Burchard II, Duke of Swabia and Regilinde of Swabia. Their only son was Conrad the Red.

</doc>
<doc id="18316999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18316999" title="Ruby G. Woodson">
Ruby G. Woodson

Ruby Garrard Woodson (June 22, 1931 – February 8, 2008) was an educator and chemistry teacher, the founder of the "Cromwell Academy" in Washington, D. C., and the founder of the "Florida Academy of African American Culture" in Sarasota, Florida. 
She was born in Houston County, Alabama, but raised in Sarasota. Her mother, Ella Mae Garrard (later, Singleton) worked as a maid and later owned a small country store. Her father, David Garrard, was a farmer, and later a circus roustabout. She had one child, William G. Woodson. 
At the age of fifteen, she was the valedictorian of her class of 1947 when she was graduated from Booker High School in Sarasota. 
In June 1951 Ruby was awarded her bachelor of science degree in chemistry from Florida A & M University in Tallahassee, Florida. She received her Master of Arts in Education from American University in Washington, D.C in 1960. The title of her Masters thesis was "Some Effects of the Atomic Era on the Teaching of High School Chemistry in the United States."
Breaking racial barrier at Sarasota library.
In 1957, while she was on a vacation in her hometown of Sarasota and researching materials for completion of her master’s degree, Ruby Woodson was refused entry to the library in Sarasota. She made a formal objection to her treatment that she took to city and county government officials. Her efforts led to the elimination of racial barriers to community services paid for by the taxation of all residents. Soon the vestiges of segregation began to fall and all residents were granted access to the library.
Cromwell Academy founded.
She spent thirteen years teaching chemistry and physics in the Washington, D.C. public school system before founding "Cromwell Academy", a private secondary school to serve gifted minority students in the district. The academy was founded in 1973 in a church annex and soon was sending many of its students to classes at Georgetown University and Howard University for credits toward their secondary diplomas. The inspiration for the name of the academy was Otelia Cromwell, an educator who was the first black woman awarded a Ph.D by Yale University. A reputation developed quickly by the academy for its academic achievements, attracting the enrollment of their children by prominent people as well as the gifted and aspiring members of disadvantaged groups whose teachers advised application to the academy. Bill Cosby sent his son, Ennis, and the president of Venezuela sent his daughter. 
Woodson was a pivotal figure in the day-to-day administration of the academy and fulfilled many other roles such as college placement adviser, guidance counselor, as well as instructor. Initial difficulties encountered in operating expenses often were resolved by donations from Woodson's personal savings. 
The student body of the academy was small and familial. Often, instruction in life skills also fell to Woodson, who helped the students with financing as well as handling personal issues and later, negotiating such things as the purchase of automobiles and houses. Donations were sought to develop a scholarship program to assist many of the students. Ruby had overcome dyslexia in her efforts to excel and was able to provide special insights to children coping with similar hurdles. She inspired the students with her own high standards of ethics and morality and helped them develop personal discipline and self-respect. She taught them how to make applications to colleges appropriate to their interests and abilities and to apply for scholarships. 
The students from the academy gained entrance to the best academic institutions in the country and soon Woodson’s students were awarded baccalaureate and advanced degrees form Columbia University, Mount Holyoke College, Smith College, Yale University, and Vassar College. The academy became recognized for academic excellence. 
One 1979 graduate of the academy, Lisa S. Martin, later was graduated from Yale University and Emory University and is a practicing psychologist in Maryland. She attests to the power Woodson had to inspire her students, making them feel able to meet any type of academic challenge and motivating them to win acceptance at the institutions of their choice, be it Ivy League, the big ten, or top southern colleges. Woodson's achievements were lauded in the Washington Post and by the United States Department of Education.
Retirement to Sarasota.
In 1989 Ruby Woodson retired to Sarasota, but immersed herself in the affairs of the community. She participated in many cultural and civic activities, from the Asolo Center for the Performing Arts and Habitat for Humanity to the United Way as well as in local and regional long-range planning charrettes. She ultimately was moved to found the Florida Academy for African-American Culture (FAAC), an institution dedicated to educational advancement and cultural preservation with a special emphasis on children from pre-school through high school. 
She was appointed to the county library advisory board and was among those who brought a branch of the library to the Newtown neighborhood, the section of the city where she had been raised, so a library would be within walking distance for the children of that area. The United Way named Ruby Woodson among the twelve "Women of Community Impact" in Sarasota County.
Florida Academy for African American Culture founded.
After her return to Sarasota, Woodson founded another educational institution in that community, the "Florida Academy for African American Culture". 
The historic home of a prominent black family, the "Pearl and Grover Koons House", was purchased, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and developed as a museum with a library, the African-American Culture Research Center and Library, to enhance the educational opportunities of the children of the community. It had classrooms in an adjacent building for gifted pre-school and school-age students. 
The academy sponsored oratory and essay contests, awarding prizes to students participating in its Black History events, and its library donated books to local students, churches, and day-care centers. Every Saturday free books were given to interested children coming to the academy.
Focus on reading to inspire children.
An avid reader from her youth, Ruby Woodson emphasized the importance of developing reading skills in children and encouraging them to read about all things that interest them. She credited her father and Ethel Reid Hays, her first teacher, for encouraging her interest in reading.

</doc>
<doc id="18317021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317021" title="St. Bernard Cemetery">
St. Bernard Cemetery

St. Bernard Cemetery is a Catholic cemetery located in Fitchburg, Massachusetts. People of note buried there are politician Joseph D. Ward and baseball players John Keefe, Pat Moran and Nixey Callahan.
The cemetery dates from the early-to-mid-19th century and remains very active serving several local parishes. In recent years new areas of the cemetery have been opened to accommodate new plots.
The cemetery is arranged by sections named for primarily Catholic saints, as well by streets named by numbers and letters.

</doc>
<doc id="18317033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317033" title="The Art of Coarse Rugby">
The Art of Coarse Rugby

The Art of Coarse Rugby is a 1960 humorous book on amateur rugby by British journalist Michael Green. After writing a newspaper article on rugby union, he was commissioned to write "The Art of Coarse Rugby" by Hutchinson to go with a republication of "The Art of Coarse Cricket" by Spike Hughes, who had intended the title as a play on "Coarse Fishing". 
Green describes a coarse rugby player as differentiated from the rugger player in that he does not enjoy playing, but instead plays for any one of a number of other reasons, such as to get away from his wife, or because he dare not admit he is too old. Green had been involved in amateur rugby in the Midlands and London. 
Coarse Rugby became a best-seller in Britain in 1960. Green later wrote among others, "Even Coarser Rugby, or what did you do to Ronald?", "The Art of Coarse Acting", and "The Art of Coarse Sailing".

</doc>
<doc id="18317045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317045" title="Potting soil">
Potting soil

__NOTOC__
Potting soil, also known as potting mix or potting compost, is a medium in which to grow plants, herbs and vegetables in a pot or other durable container. The first recorded use of the term is from an 1861 issue of the "American Agriculturist".
Some common ingredients used in potting soil are peat, composted bark, sand, perlite and recycled mushroom compost, although many others are used and the proportions vary hugely. Most commercially available brands have their pH fine-tuned with ground limestone; some contain small amounts of fertilizer and slow-release nutrients. Despite its name, little or no soil is used in potting soil because it is considered too heavy for growing houseplants.
Some plants require potting soil that is specific for their environment. For example, an African violet would grow better in potting soil containing extra peat moss, while a cactus requires sharp (i.e. plenty of) drainage, most commonly perlite or sand. But potting soil is not ideal for all contained gardening. Insectivorous plants, such as the Venus flytrap and the pitcher plant, prefer nutrient-poor soils common to bogs and fens, while water-based plants thrive in a heavier topsoil mix.
Commercially available potting soil is sterilized, in order to avoid the spread of weeds and plant-borne diseases. It is possible to reuse commercial potting soil, provided that the remnants of plant roots, fungus, weeds and insects are removed from the mixture through heating before new planting can take place. Packaged potting soil is sold in bags ranging from .
As with garden soil, potting soil can attract insects. For example, the fungus gnat is often found around houseplants because it lays eggs in moist potting soil.
Legionella contamination.
Infections due to potting mix have been reported in Australia, New Zealand, the Netherlands and the United States.
On June 13, 2000, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reported that a woman in Washington was hospitalized with pneumonia that was triggered by "Legionella longbeachae", the bacterium associated with Legionnaires' Disease. The CDC also confirmed the presence of "Legionella longbeachae" in soil in Australia and Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18317061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317061" title="Gustave Michel">
Gustave Michel

Gustave Frédéric Michel (1851–1924) was a French sculptor, according to Marina Warner "one of the most famous sculptors of the first decades of this (twentieth) century in France," although virtually unknown today.

</doc>
<doc id="18317062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317062" title="Rocky Springs Segment of the Whoop-Up Trail">
Rocky Springs Segment of the Whoop-Up Trail

The Whoop-Up Trail, extending from Fort Benton, Montana to Fort Hamilton, Alberta (also known as "Fort Whoop-Up") was a smuggling route between Montana and a relatively lawless region of Alberta in the 1870s. Trade goods such as guns, metal implements and, most notoriously, alcohol were shipped north to trade with the Blackfeet around Lethbridge, Alberta for buffalo robes.

</doc>
<doc id="18317065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317065" title="Radiant, Virginia">
Radiant, Virginia

Radiant is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18317066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317066" title="Bat Shlomo">
Bat Shlomo

Bat Shlomo (, "lit." Salomon's Daughter) is a moshav in northern Israel. Located on the southern slopes of Mount Carmel near Binyamina and Zikhron Ya'akov, it originally was built on 8068 dunams of land. It falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaCarmel Regional Council. In 1947 it had a population of 100. In 2006 it had a population of 424.
The village was established in 1889 as a daughter-settlement of Zichron Ya'akov, funded by Baron Rothschild, and was named after Betty Salomon, the daughter of Salomon Mayer von Rothschild (the Baron's uncle and grandfather). In 1951 a moshav was established by Transylvanian and Yemenite immigrants adjacent to the original village.
The village had originally hoped to build its economy on vineyards, but this hope did not reach fruition.

</doc>
<doc id="18317070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317070" title="Exclusively for My Friends">
Exclusively for My Friends

Exclusively for My Friends is a series of albums for the MPS label by Canadian jazz pianist Oscar Peterson. In 1992, the series was released as a CD box set by Island Records.
Originally released as a six-LP set available separately on MPS Records, and later a four-CD, 36-song box set was released by Island Records in 1992. The 4-CD set includes all six 1968 albums as originally recorded by Hans Georg Brunner-Schwer for MPS. The set includes performances with his most well-known trio consisting of double bassist Ray Brown and drummer Ed Thigpen and also teams him with bassist Sam Jones and drummers Louis Hayes or Bobby Durham.
MPS has also released an eight-volume CD set from the same period called "Exclusively for My Friends" as well as Polygram Records releasing "" which includes twelve previously un-released tracks.
, the constituent albums are available as individual CDs. "The Penguin Guide to Jazz" includes these albums in its "Core Collection."
CD Track listing.
CD 1
CD 2
CD 3
CD 4

</doc>
<doc id="18317071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317071" title="Repton Mills, Virginia">
Repton Mills, Virginia

Repton Mills is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18317077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317077" title="The Ballad of Nora Lee">
The Ballad of Nora Lee

The Ballad Of Nora Lee is third studio album from the Norwegian band Helldorado. 
The album shows a band that is still deeply fascinated and inspired by Americana music and subculture, combining elements from different genres.
The Turkish National Football Team has chosen Helldorado's "A Drinking Song" as their new Football Anthem for the Euro 2008 Championship. "A Drinking Song" was A-listed on Turkish TV Channel "Dream-TV". It was on high rotation on the channel and it was rated video of the week.
Track listing.
All songs by Dag S. Vagle; except "Helltown" and "A Drinking Song" - music by Vagle, lyrics by Vagle & Hans A. Wassvik, "Guitar Noir" music by Vagle, lyrics by Wassvik, "Waiting Around To Die" - music & lyrics by Townes Van Zandt.

</doc>
<doc id="18317095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317095" title="Night at the Crossroads">
Night at the Crossroads

Night at the Crossroads () is a 1932 film by Jean Renoir based on the novel of the same title (known in English as "Maigret at the Crossroads") by Georges Simenon and starring Renoir's brother Pierre Renoir as Simenon's popular detective, Inspector Maigret.
The French director Jacques Becker, then apprenticed to Renoir, worked as assistant director and production manager on the film.
Reputation and influence.
Often cited as being Jean Renoir's least well-known sound film, "Night at the Crossroads" has nonetheless maintained a very strong critical reputation. In an article republished as part of André Bazin's book on Renoir, the French New Wave critic and filmmaker Jean-Luc Godard described it as being ""Renoir's most mysterious film"" and ""the only great French detective movie--in fact, the greatest of all adventure movies.""
At a symposium on the Hungarian filmmaker Béla Tarr held at Facets Multimedia on September 16, 2007, American film critic Jonathan Rosenbaum mentioned that Tarr's then-new feature, "The Man from London" (also based on a novel by Georges Simenon), was influenced by "Night at the Crossroads".

</doc>
<doc id="18317096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317096" title="Joseph Genesius">
Joseph Genesius

Genesius (, "Genesios") is the conventional name given to the anonymous Greek author of the tenth century chronicle, "On the reign of the emperors". His first name is sometimes given as Joseph, combining him with a "Joseph Genesius" quoted in the preamble to John Skylitzes. Traditionally, he has been regarded as the son or grandson of Constantine Maniakes.
Composed at the court of Constantine VII, the chronicle opens in 814, covers the period and ends in 886. It presents the events largely from the view of the Macedonian dynasty, though with a skew less marked than the authors of Theophanes Continuatus, a collection of mostly anonymous chronicles meant to continue the work of Theophanes the Confessor.
The chronicle describes the reigns of the four emperors from Leo V down to Michael III in detail; and more briefly that of Basil I. It uses Constantine VII's "Life of Basil" as a source, though it appears to have been finished before Theophanes Continuatus, and gives information present in neither Continuatus nor Skylitzes.

</doc>
<doc id="18317106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317106" title="Willis-Selden Historic District">
Willis-Selden Historic District

The Willis-Selden Historic District is a historic district located in Detroit, Michigan, consisting of three streets: Willis, Alexandrine, and Selden, Running from Woodward Avenue on the east to Third Avenue on the west. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.
History.
The land forming the Willis-Selden Historic District was originally the Park Lots, the Cass Farm, and the
Jones/Crane Farm. These parcels were subdivided in the late 1800s. Due in part to the growth of Detroit during the 1860s and generous lot sizes, the Willis-Selden District became a popular area for development, particularly for the relatively wealthy professional class.
In the early twentieth century, the district became home to auto industry suppliers, once again due to its location
and large lots. Forty-one percent of commercial buildings in the district built between 1910 and 1930 were auto-related. In addition, large, high-density apartments were constructed to meet the demands of the huge influx of auto workers into Detroit. However, the Great Depression had a marked impact on the industry and on the Willis-Selden Historic District, sending it into decline.
Buildings.
Of the buildings located within the district, a number a historically significant in their own right. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="18317110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317110" title="Douli">
Douli

The Douli is a subcaste or tribe of MUGHAL clan, found mainly in both Indian Administered and Pakistani administered Poonch.
History.
Douli,s ancestry meets with Nawab-ud-Doula. Nawab-ud-Doula family roots meets with Ameer Tamoor gorkhan. Nawab-ud-Doula bin Mirza said Ahmed bin Mirza umar sheikh bin Ameer Tamoor
Famous personalities
Authenticated book which tells about the branches of Mughals are “oyamak Mughals” in which all of its braches can be find. This book tells that Mughals have too many branches and this book describe only 125 tribes of Mughals. This book tells that “Douldai “is a tribe of Mughals. On Page no 93 this tribe has been described. Sultan Abu Saeed Khan Bozanjari was a king of Iran and Horasa .Ameer Behrma and his son Ameer Mohammad Douldai had Distinction in his kingdom.
Ameer Hafiz Douldai, Hafiz Mohammad and Tahir Douldai have had good attribution towardZahir-ud-din Muhammad Babur. They fought against Uzbeks and died in that battle. In Zahir-ud-din Muhammad Babur regime another Douldai Ameer Sultan Mahmood has also been discussed .When Babar attacked against Abrahim Lodi Sultan Mahmood was also fighting from his side.
In a book “Tareekh-a-Fareshta” page no 204 this battle has been discussed. In this book “Douldai” Had named as “Douldi” this tells that in that time Douldai has been changed to Douldi. There is no doubt in India there are thousands of tribes whose names are changed with passage of time. After Babar Hamayun was the next ruler due to inner tensions between brothers. Sher shah suri invaded and defeated the Hamayun. In that time when Afghans finds any Mughal they would kill him. Lot of Mughals migrated to peace full Ares like Kashmir. Hamayun returned after 15 years from Iran and defeated the sons of Sher shah suri. But some of Mughals tribe did not returned and stayed where they were. Douli tribe Stayed in Kashmir and poonch. In Kashmir there is a trend to change the name of tribes to call them easily. In Kashmir Douldai tribe called as Douli.
“Douli ghat “is a village in a Patna. This thing tells that in time of fidget. Douli,s were leaved there. In the time of last chak king yaqoob shah Shamas Douli was a famous army commander. Shamas Douli parents came in to Kashmir in the regime of Hamayun. Still some houses of this tribe are present in Tehsil Auri and Tehsil karna in Kashmir. In World War 1 people of this tribe fought from the side of Europe. Agriculture is the Best profession of this tribe (Tareekh Akwam-a-Poonch)
Location and Villages.
They are based in Hjira, Rawlakot,Tatrinote, Madarpur, Kakuta, Mehndla, Buttal Dharamsal, Sehra, Mandhole, Serrari, Darra Sher Khan (District Poonch), Punjerra, Srsawa and Goi (district Kotli) are the areas of Doulis in Azad Jammu Kashmir and also well settled in Pakistan like Tarnol,taxila,Haripur,Ghazi,kamal pur,Jhang,Gujranwala.
Nowadays crossing point Tatrinote is also on the places chaka-na-bagh of Douli,s.
While in Indian held Kashmir a major portion of Tehsil Mendhar including Darra Doulian, Chandak, Mankote, Challas, Saloutri, Tarrana, Surrankot up to rajouri and riyasi this tribe can be found.
douli also live in Kashmir valley mostly in the two villages of tangmarg tehsil: chack traren and chack ferozepora there are approx 200-250 most of them are govt employee and prefer to serve through ballot force job
Geographic location.
The Douli are found mainly along line of control in the villages of Hajira, Dara Sher Khan, Mandhole, Abbaspur, Serarri as well Rawalakot town in Poonch District. Other than that Douli'live in N.W.F.P Hazara likely Haripure district Mostly in Tehsil Ghazi, and District Sawabi, speak Hindko, Pashtoo and others. They are Pahari speaking, as are most Poonch District tribes.
Society.
The Douli tribe consists of well educated, civilized and politically active members of Kashmiri society. Their mother tongue is pahari, due to their geographic proximity to the Peer Punjal. Poonch city was the centre of cultural and political activities of the Douli Tribe before division of Kashmir.
Surnames.
Douli & Maldiyal actually use their surnames as Sardar and Khan.Doulis are actually Mughal which are also use family or caste title like, Mughal, Mirza, Baig, Chughtai & others in different areas of subcontinent.
Dispersion.
The 1947 partition of subcontinent and subsequent division of Kashmir dispersed this tribe. The Douli tribe suffered the most among Kashmiris due to the line of control.
Famous Persons.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq belong to Douli tribe.He is a Pakistani politician who is the current and 19th Speaker of the National Assembly, the lower house of the Parliament of Pakistan.He belong to Azad kashmir His father migrated TO Lahore.
JUSTICE Sardar Yar Muhmmad Khan is another prominent member of this tribe who graduated from the UK in 1940s and later joined the judiciary and then politics.
SARDAR AZAD KHAN is another prominent personality.who is now retired as Chief engineer of azad jammu kashmir.
Sardar Ghulam Mustafa Khan was the first minister of this tribe in 1995. He was first elected as member of the AJK Assembly in 1985 and is also among the top industrialists in AJK.He has also a pride to be the eldest & take GIRGAS to solve the internal problems of the area.
The AJK Revenue & Custodian Minister Sardar Abdul Qayyum khan Niazi is a leading member of this tribe and has made phenomenal contribution towards the development and empowering of the people of the area. He is a younger brother of Sardar Ghulam Mustafa Khan.Sardar Abdul qayyum niazi was the youngest councillor of the state of Jammu Kashmir ever at the age of 22. He has been politically active since 1980 after the death of his father Sardar Fazal Dad Khan the great Intellectual, who was also a very well known Politician.
Sardar Kamal Khan Advocate ticket holder of Muslim conference LA 18 Hajira belong to Douli family.
Sardar Asmat ullah khan is also a famous personality of this tribe and has been actively involved in the restoration of Chief justice Iftiqhar chuadry. He is a senior lawyer in supreme court and leader of Muslim-league Nawaz. He is an ex.president of high court bar association of rawalpindi.
Sardar Zahid Tabasaam is also a famous personality of this tribe and Azad kashmir.He is the chief editor of Kashmir Express News paper.
Mughal.
The Mughal (Arabic: مغول), (Urdu مُغل), (Persian: مغول), are a number of culturally related clans of India, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Bangladesh.needed In theory, the Mughals of South Asia are descended from the various Central Asian Turkic armies and immigrants that settled in the region from the early Middle Ages onwards
In theory, all those who claim Mughal ancestry are descendents of various Central Asian Turco-Mongol armies that invaded Iran and South Asia, from Genghis Khan to Timur to Babur and beyond. But the term has always had a wider meaning. According to Bernier, a French traveler who visited India during the reign of the Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb:
In medieval period, descendants of various armies that conquered South Asia under Babar were called Mughals. The term was also used for later immigrants from Iran, the Qizilbash community.
The court itself consisted of a medley of most Uyghur and some Turkman/Uzbeks, Persians and Central Asian Turks, or descendants of all these classes; known, as said before by the general appellation Mughal by the Muslims of native origin.
—François Bernier, Bernier's Travels in the Mogul Empire, 1891
As early as the 17th century, the term Mughal covered a large number of groups. Generally, all Central Asian immigrants to India, whether Uzbek, Chughtai, Barlas, Douli, Kipchak, Kazakhs, Turkman, Kyrgyz, Uyghurs were referred to as Mughal. The term was also used for later immigrants from Iran and Caucasus, such as the famous Qizilbash community.
In North India, the term Mughal refers to one of the four social groups that are referred to as the Ashraaf.In Pakistan, a number of tribal groupings such as the Gheba and Kassar in Punjab claim Mughal ancestry. Sir Denzil Ibbetson, the eminent British student of Punjabi tribal structures, noted a tendency among many tribes of the Pothohar and Upper Hazara regions of Northern Pakistan to claim Mughal ancestry.[3
In accordance with the basic history provided that various Central Asian armies that invaded Iran is A sidepart knowledge. By some Arab Writers, those people who are known as Mughals were those people which are very intelligent in any field of life in Arab in the Khilafat of Hazrat Umer R.A.
The three clans that the original Mughal immigrants belonged to were the Chughtai and Douli and Barlas.In Pakistan their main clans are the Qazilbash, Turkmen, Turk, Uzbek, Kai and Chak, while in Punjab and on the border between NWFP and Kashmir, the main clans are the Barlas Douli and Chughtai.[4 There are also a number of other tribal groupings who claim Mughal ancestry. Here is a brief description of the five main Mughal clans found in South Asia.
References ^ a b A Study of the Ancient Turkic "TARQAN", Han-Woo Choi, Handong University ^ Leland Liu Rogers – The Golden Summary of Cinggis Qayan: Cinggis Qayan-u Altan Tobci, p. 80 ^ a b Paul Ratchnevsky – Genghis Khan: his life and legacy, p. 82 ^ a b Qarīb, Badr-az-Zamān. 1995. Sogdian dictionary: Sogdian – Persian – English. Tehran: Farhangan Publ. ^ Doerfer, G. 1993 "Chaladschica extragottingensia", Central Asiatic Journal, Vol. 37, No. 1-2, pp. 33–81. Excerpt from page 43 ^ a b Agustí Alemany, Sources on the Alans, Brill Academic Publishers, 2000. Excerpt from page 328: " Abaev considers this word (lacking in a Turco-Mongolian etymology), as well Old Hungarian tarchan “olim judex”, borrowing from Scythians (Alans) *tarxan “judge” -> Ossetian. Taerxon “argument, trial”; cf. the Ossete idioms taerxon kaenyn “to judge” (+ kӕnyn “to do”) and tӕrxon lӕg “judge” (+l ӕg man). Iron ævzag

</doc>
<doc id="18317114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317114" title="Shuyak Island">
Shuyak Island

Shuyak Island is an island in the northern part of the Kodiak Archipelago in the state of Alaska, USA. It is located just north of Afognak Island, separated from it by the narrow Shuyak Strait. The Stevenson Entrance to Cook Inlet separates it from the Barren Islands further north in the archipelago. The island has an area of 168.3 km² (65 sq mi) and reported an official population of four persons at the 2000 census. Alaska's Shuyak Island State Park comprises most of the island's territory. The island's current major industry is tourism based on camping, recreational fishing, hunting, and kayaking. In the past the island was home to a large fish processing plant at Port William, but that industry has since declined with the advent of factory ships.

</doc>
<doc id="18317122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317122" title="C. benedictus">
C. benedictus

C. benedictus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18317124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317124" title="Don Diamond">
Don Diamond

Donald Alan "Don" Diamond (June 4, 1921 – June 19, 2011) was an American radio, film, and television actor who portrayed "Crazy Cat", the sidekick and heir apparent to Chief Wild Eagle on the popular 1960s television sitcom, "F Troop" (1965–1967).
Career.
Although he often played a Spaniard/Mexican or Native American, Diamond's father, Benjamin Diamond, emigrated to the United States from Russia in 1906 with his parents. Benjamin Diamond served in the United States Army in World War II and then became a prosperous clothing merchant. Benjamin and Ruth Diamond had another son, Neal, three years younger than Don.
Diamond studied drama at the University of Michigan, graduating with a Bachelor's degree in 1942. He then enlisted in the United States Army Air Corps, where he earned a commission. Already fluent in Yiddish, he learned to speak Spanish while he was stationed in New Mexico during World War II.
Discharged in 1946 as a first lieutenant, he began acting on radio and became known for his dialect portrayals of Spaniards and Mexicans. This led to his playing the role of "El Toro" in "The Adventures of Kit Carson" syndicated television series (1951–1955). Diamond also played Corporal Reyes on the Walt Disney television series "Zorro" (1957–1959) alongside Henry Calvin who portrayed Sergeant Garcia.
He appeared on more than 100 television shows and in many feature films. He performed extensive voice-over work in commercials and cartoons, most notably as the voice of Toro in the DePatie-Freleng Enterprises cartoon series "Tijuana Toads".
Death.
Diamond died due to heart failure in Los Angeles, California on June 19, 2011 at age 90.
Personal.
His wife, Louisa, was a teacher. She and their three daughters survived him.

</doc>
<doc id="18317143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317143" title="Vadim Brodski">
Vadim Brodski

Vadim Brodski (full name Vadimir Brodski) is a Polish-Ukrainian violinist, longtime resident of Rome, Italy. A descendant of Adolf Brodsky, Vadim was born in Kiev, where he played as the soloist of Kiev Philharmonic at the age of 11. He received the first prizes in all the international violin contests he participated, including the Wieniawski contest in 1977 (Poland), Paganini contest in 1984 (Italy), Tibor Varga in 1984 (Switzerland).
He is one of the few violinists playing the Guarneri del Gesù of Niccolò Paganini.
Vadim Brodski played with Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra, Sankt Petersburg Philharmonic, Warsaw National Philharmonic, Mexico National Symphony, London Philharmonic, Jerusalem Symphony, New Jersey Symphony, and Suisse Romande in Geneve.

</doc>
<doc id="18317163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317163" title="Condrey">
Condrey

Condrey is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18317178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317178" title="Raux">
Raux

RAUX (pronounced Rocks) is an Electro Pop group that originated in Seattle Washington as part of the new wave of artists coming out of the dance pop music scene in the late 2000s. The Seattle dance pop music scene has spawned similar artists Blake Lewis, Go Periscope, and multi-platinum song writer Bonnie McKee who has penned hits for Taio Cruz, Britney Spears, Katy Perry and more. The group was established by Dj and producer Caleb Raux. Grammy nominated producer Greg Wells (Katy Perry, Adele, OneRepublic, Mika) called RAUX's sound a "more aggressive Pet Shop Boys 2011". Inspired by musical masterminds Dr. Luke and Max Martin , Raux crafts songs that push boundaries through innudenos, double entendres, metaphors, and sarcasm. 
Caleb Raux, hails from Seattle, WA. Growing up in San Francisco he was exposed to the early rave circuit and developed an affinity for electronic music. Classically trained on the violin since a young age he began playing in grunge bands at age 10 rotating between drums, mandolin, bass guitar, and vocals. By age 14 he was producing electro tracks for his own west coast DJ sets and began building what would later become his own full-scale recording studio. During his time playing the underground dance circuit he honed his production and performance skills. Caleb Raux is also an accomplished fine artist. Critics have called his "dramatic" Oil and Resin epoxy works "brooding" and "deeply affecting". "GCW is an acclaimed, Seattle-based, high-end interior design firm that has partnered with the young artist, who for the time has been more widely known for his music since breaking into that scene in 2007. Raux has indisputably and successfully entered into a new territory with his art now being showcased at GCW." His work is currently being reviewed by "a few of the most prestigious galleries in the country." Caleb also has a degree in business management from Washington State University. In addition to music and art Caleb is also a model and designer. He has both modeled for and designed under Project Runway's Blayne Walsh and High End Jewelry Designer Andrew Long.

</doc>
<doc id="18317181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317181" title="Mahkameh">
Mahkameh

Mahkameh is an Iranian female given name, originating from a word used for greeting and wishing a "Sweet Life".
This Iranian name, means : IN THE MOUTH OF MOON. ( MAH= moon )...(kam= mouth)

</doc>
<doc id="18317201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317201" title="Mississippi to Mali">
Mississippi to Mali

Mississippi to Mali is the seventh studio album by Corey Harris. It was released on 18 November 2003, through Rounder Records.
Sources.
[http://www.cduniverse.com/search/xx/music/pid/6411693/a/Mississippi+To+Mali.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18317202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317202" title="Tom Thumb Gallery">
Tom Thumb Gallery

The Tom Thumb Annual Floating Art Exhibition, founded in 1998, by Jimmy Kuehnle and Kjell Hahn is a student run alternative exhibition opportunity located in Kirksville, Missouri. It is one of two alternative exhibition opportunities from the gallery at Truman State University. The second is Gallery 1/33.
History.
The Tom Thumb Annual Floating Art Exhibition was founded to provide exhibition opportunities for students and artists at Truman State University and Kirksville. It rose out of a frustration with Truman State Gallery's Student Juried Exhibition and the lack of student exhibition opportunists outside the BFA shows and the then annual Student Show. Kuehnle and Kjell did not like the standards and restrictions placed on them by the University. They decided to began their own alternative space. In 1998, they cleared out Kjell's apartment and held an open art submission. The following three years the shows were held there. It then moved to a renovated home located at 603 First Street for the next two years. Since it has been held at various locations including the former Aquadome, the old One World Store, the Kirksville Arts Association and the Washington School. Local people call it a "floating exhibition" because of these yearly venue changes. The Tom Thumb Annual Floating Art Exhibition does not reject submissions of any kind and usually features a guest speaker and other forms of entertainment. One such novelty is called, "Improve the Art" and consists of a poor artwork provided by the gallery. Guests are then invited to "improve" the artwork with various art supplies ranging from oil pastels to spray paint.
Significance in local culture.
The rotating arts festival has been featured in Missouri tourism brochures. The Tom Thumb Annual Floating Art Exhibition is viewed by the student body as a positive creative outlet to be proud of and as an alternative to destructive outbursts such as graffiti. A college blogger has critically noted that the phrasing "Floating Art Exhibition" may be misleading, since the gallery is not restricted to art that may be suspended in air or bobbing in some body of water.

</doc>
<doc id="18317205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317205" title="SFDK (band)">
SFDK (band)

SFDK ("Siempre Fuertes De Konciencia") are a hip hop music crew from Seville, Spain. The band members are MC Zatu (Saturnino Rey), and DJ Acción Sánchez (Óscar Sánchez). The name of the group is an acronym itself, which meaning was, in the beginning, "Straight From Da Kranny" (in English language). However, later on, this changed to ""Siempre Fuertes de Conciencia"" (), which was more suitable. The group has been active since it was first formed, in 1993.
Currently they enjoy considerable popularity with a huge base of fans throughout Spain.
Biography.
SFDK was formed in 1992 by Zatu and his school friends. They released a tape, and then Acción Sánchez joined the group. They released two more tapes and In 1997, SFDK started their own record label, Zeroporsiento, and released a single, “Llámalo como lo quieras” (Call it like you want). The group then fell apart, leaving only Acción Sánchez and Zatu.
Two years later SFDK released their first album, “Siempre Fuertes” (Always Strong), a very aggressive hardcore hip-hop album. Then they released the albums “Desde los chiqueros” (From The Pigpens) and “2001: Odisea en el lodo” (2001: Odyssey in Mud), changing their style towards a more accessible kind of hip-hop, and gaining popularity and commercial success.
They created their label, SFDK Records. In 2005 they obtained a Gold Album for their album “2005”.
Clothing.
SFDK has a contract with Flama Wear and Wrung Division Wear, but don't always wear these brands.
In September 2008, started distributing his own clothing brand, "Brand Lealty".

</doc>
<doc id="18317245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317245" title="Karl Heinz Bohrer">
Karl Heinz Bohrer

Karl Heinz Bohrer (born September 26, 1932 in Cologne) is a German literary scholar and essayist.
Life and work.
Karl Heinz Bohrer received a doctorate from the University of Heidelberg in 1962 with a dissertation about the Philosophy of History of the German Romantics and received his post doctorate lecturing qualifications at Bielefeld University with "Die Ästhetik des Schreckens - Die pessimistische Romantik und Ernst Jüngers Frühwerk" (The Aesthetics of Terror - The Pessimistic Romantics and Ernst Jünger's Early Work).
From 1968 until 1974 Bohrer was literary editor of the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. Partly because of differences of opinion with his successor, Marcel Reich-Ranicki, Bohrer went for this paper as a correspondent to England in 1975. He was appointed to the Chair for Modern German Literary History at Bielefeld University. He succeeded Hans Schwab-Felisch in 1984 as editor of Merkur, along with Kurt Scheel since 1991. Bohrer is now emeritus at Bielefeld.
Bohrer lives in Paris and London. He had been married to Undine Gruenter until her death in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18317247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317247" title="UFO (composition)">
UFO (composition)

UFO for Solo Percussion and Orchestra (1999) and for Solo Percussion and Symphonic Band (2000) by American composer Michael Daugherty, is a composition written for percussionist Evelyn Glennie. "UFO" for Solo Percussion and Orchestra was commissioned by the National Symphony Orchestra through a grant from the John and June Hechinger Commissioning Fund. It was first performed by Evelyn Glennie and the National Symphony Orchestra conducted by Leonard Slatkin at the Kennedy Center, Washington D.C. on April 10, 1999. In five movements with a total duration of about 40 minutes, the concerto is scored for piccolo, 2 flutes, 2 oboes, English horn, B-flat clarinet, E-flat clarinet, bass clarinet, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, 4 horns, 4 trumpets, 3 trombones, tuba, and strings. The symphonic band version is scored for piccolo, 4 flutes, 2 oboes, English horn, E-flat clarinet, 4 B-flat clarinets, bass clarinet, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, soprano, alto, tenor, and baritone saxophones, 4 horns, 4 trumpets, 2 trombones, bass trombone, 3 euphoniums, 2 tubas, and contrabass.

</doc>
<doc id="18317252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317252" title="Marcel Schäfer">
Marcel Schäfer

Marcel Schäfer (born 7 June 1984 in Aschaffenburg) is a German professional footballer who plays as a left wingback for VfL Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga.
International career.
He made his international debut for Germany on 19 November 2008 in a friendly against England.

</doc>
<doc id="18317254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317254" title="Eden Girls' College">
Eden Girls' College

Eden Girls' College may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18317256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317256" title="History of rugby union matches between Argentina and England">
History of rugby union matches between Argentina and England

The national rugby union teams of England and Argentina (Los Pumas) have been playing each other since 1978. The status of the first match is ambiguous, as Argentina awarded Test caps to its players but England did not (England sent a representative "England XV", not the 1st XV). 
They have met in 19 matches recognised by both sides as Tests. The first match was on 30 May 1981 and was a 19-19 draw. The 1982 war between Britain and Argentina meant that their next encounter was not until 1990.
Including the ambiguous 1978 game, Argentina have played England 20 times with England winning 14, Argentina 4 with 2 drawn. 

</doc>
<doc id="18317279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317279" title="Archie and Me">
Archie and Me

Archie and Me was a comic book title published by Archie comics from 1964 to 1987. Most issues and covers focused on the interaction of Archie Andrews and the school principal, Mr. Weatherbee. This suggests that Mr. Weatherbee is the "Me" mentioned in the title. Whereas the "Me" in "Reggie and Me" and "Betty and Me" appeared to refer to Archie Andrews himself.

</doc>
<doc id="18317288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317288" title="Battle of Genale Doria">
Battle of Genale Doria

The Battle of Genale Doria (also known as the Battle of Ganale Dorya or as the Battle of Genale Wenz) was a battle on the "southern front" fought during the Second Italo-Abyssinian War. The battle consisted almost entirely of air attacks by the Italian Royal Air Force ("Regia Aeronautica") against an advancing and then withdrawing Ethiopian army under "Ras" Desta Damtu. The battle was primarily "fought" in the area along the Genale Doria River valley between Dolo and Negele Boran.
Technically, "Ras" Desta Damtew launched an Ethiopian offensive against the Italian forces in Somaliland. However, General Rodolfo Graziani carried out his active defense so vigorously that it became an offensive.
Background.
On 7 March 1935, General Rodolfo Graziani landed in Mogadishu. He was in a disagreeable mood. In his opinion, the decisive battles of the upcoming conflict would be fought in the north. Nearly the whole of the Italian expeditionary force was assembling in Eritrea. It appeared to him that he had been relegated to a secondary front in Italian Somaliland and his role would be purely defensive.
Only one Italian division, the 29th "Peloritana" Infantry Division, had been allotted to the "southern front" while the "northern front" had ten. Moreover, Graziani's orders from General Emilio De Bono were to dig in and wait for the Ethiopians to attack.
Graziani set out to convince De Bono's commander, Italian dictator Benito Mussolini, that the plans for the campaign needed to be changed to allow him and his army on the "southern front" to play a more active role. Mussolini wanted action and was more than willing to listen. In the end, Graziani's plan for an offensive on the "southern front" had the tacit approval of Rome if not De Bono.
Between April and December, Graziani opened up new roads, developed the port facilities at Mogadishu, solved a difficult water supply problem, stocked up provisions and munitions, and purchased hundreds of motor vehicles. He was most successful acquiring American-made trucks from British dealers in Mombasa and Dar es Salaam.
On 3 October 1935, when De Bono launched his invasion on the "northern front," Graziani was logistically prepared for a march on Harar in the south. However, Graziani's forces were still relatively few in number and they faced an enemy numbering approximately 80,000 strong. In addition to numbers, the soldiers of the two principle Ethiopian armies on the "southern front" were said to be better trained and better equipped than the soldiers of the armies De Bono faced in the north. Worse for Graziani, the Ethiopian commanders in the south were young, progressive, and loyal individuals dedicated to Haile Selassie's cause.
Institution of the Milan plan.
When De Bono's forces crossed the Mareb River in the north, Graziani instituted what he called his "Milan Plan" in the south. The initial objectives of this plan were to eliminate Ethiopian frontier posts and to test the reaction to a series of probes. Despite the incessant rains, within three weeks the Italians had captured the villages of Kelafo, Dagnerai, Gerlogubi, and Gorahai.
Gorahai, the most important of the villages, was known as an old stronghold of Sayyid Mohammed Abdullah Hassan (called the "Mad Mullah" by the British). With approximately 3,000 fighters under his command, "Grazmach" and "Balambaras" Afawarq Walda Samayat had turned Gorahai into an armed camp. Capronis of the Italian Royal Air Force ("Regia Aeronautica") regularly bombed Gorahai and Afawarq himself directed the fire of the lone anti-aircraft gun, a 37 mm Oerlikon. The gun was mounted in one of the old-style turrets of the Mad Mullah's antiquated fort.
During one of the regular bombings, Afawarq was seriously wounded. He refused to be taken to the hospital because he feared that the morale of his men would suffer in his absence. Within 48-hours the wound became gangrenous and Afawarq collapsed and died. He was posthumously promoted to "Dejazmach" by the Emperor.
Afawarq was correct about the morale of his men and, after his death, they abandoned their positions and fled from Gorahai. After taking Gorahai, Graziani sent a flying column under Colonel ("Colonnello") Pietro Maletti to catch and destroy the fleeing Ethiopians. Maletti caught up with the Ethiopians only to have them turn back and attack. At Anale, the Ethiopian force fleeing from Gorahai was joined by a relief force making its way to reinforce the garrison at Gorahai. Battle was joined under a terribly hot sun and casualties were high among the Ethiopians and the Italians. After several hours, both sides withdrew and both sides claimed victory. While better equipped in all ways, the Italians were never able to get the upper hand. The small two-man, turretless "tankettes" sent against the Ethiopians quickly bogged down in the rough terrain and were put out of action by Ethiopians who crept up on them and fired through the weapon slits in the armor.
The Italians on the "southern front" ended up advancing 145 miles in four days. This brought them almost within direct striking distance of Jijiga, Harar, and Ethiopia's only railway. But the forces available to Graziani remained relatively few in number and, by November, the initiative on the "southern front" passed to the Ethiopians as it had in the north.
Battle.
"Ras" Desta descended from the Bale Plateau, assembling his army of the Sidamo at Negele Boran. His army was considered to be well armed by Ethiopia standards and numbered approximately 20,000 men. His goal was to advance down the Ganale Dorya River and to then continue his advance down the Juba River. From Negele Boran, "Ras" Desta planned to march approximately 200 miles south and capture the border town of Dolo, then invade Italian Somaliland itself. This plan was not only ill-conceived and overly ambitious, it was the subject of talk at every market place.
"Ras" Desta's forces advanced in three columns. Two columns were led by his two "Fitauris" Ademe Anbassu and Tademme Zelleka. "Kenyazmach" Bezibeh Sileshi commanded a relatively modern Guards battalion.
In addition to the army of the Sidamo advancing from Sidamo Province along the Ganale Dorya River towards Dolo, the 4,000 strong army of the Bale was to advance down the Shebelle River and invade the center of Somalia. This army, under "Dejazmach" Beine Merid, was able to move forward more quickly due to the better terrain in that area. In November, advancing elements of this force clashed with about 1,000 dubats of the pro-Italian Olol Diinle. Both sides withdrew from the battlefield in the end, but Beine Merid had been seriously wounded. Its commander stricken, the army of the Bale retired from battle. The army of the Sidamo was on its own.
On 13 November, Graziani moved his headquarters to Baidoa. The 29th "Peloritana" Division was still the only full division available to him. By mid-November, limited elements of the Libyan Division and the 6th "Tevere" Blackshirt Division were in Somalia. As additional forces arrived later in November, Graziani formed them up at Dolo near the border.
By early December, Graziani's forces were in a state of readiness on the "southern front." All was prepared to launch a counterattack against "Ras" Desta's offensive and Graziani's new commander, Marshal of Italy Pietro Badoglio, noted this preparedness. Badoglio sent Graziani a telegram reminding him of his "strictly defensive" role. Graziani feigned compliance with Badoglio but communicated privately with Rome and urged that he be given authorization for an offensive. Mussolini gave Graziani permission for "a limited attack in the case of absolute necessity" and Graziani took this as the authorization he needed.
Even as the Ethiopians advanced, Graziani continued his preparations. He organized his forces into three columns. On the Italian right was the first column which was to advance up the valley of the Genale Doria River. In the center was the second column which was to advance towards Filtu. On the left was the third column which was to advance up the valley of the Dawa River. All three columns had better than average access to motor transport and were equipped with a few tanks. They could realistically be thought of as "mechanized" by the standards of 1936. In addition to the three columns on the ground, Graziani was ready to unleash the 7th Bomber Wing of the Royal Air Force.
On 12 January, the Royal Air Force started the Italian response to the Ethiopian advance by dropping two tons of mustard gas on the Ethiopians. For three days the advancing Ethiopians were attacked incessantly from the air. The Ethiopian force that ultimately reached the first Italian outposts already had the fire gone from its belly. The combination of air attacks, a long march through a desert, inadequate rations, as well as dysentery and malaria had shattered the morale of Ras Desta's army.
On 15 January, when the three Italian columns advanced, there was little incentive left for "Ras" Desta's shattered forces to stand and fight. Even so, the Ethiopians did stand and they attempted to hold their ground in the area where the Ganale Dorya River and the Dawa River joined to become the Juba River. This area northwest of Dolo where the Ethiopians stood to fight caused the Italians to refer to this portion of the battle as the "Battle of the Three Rivers."
The Italian mechanized columns responded with a series of out-flanking maneuvers which quickly compelled the Ethiopians to withdraw and leave the field of battle. Unfortunately the weary army could not withdraw fast enough as it was again assaulted from the air. The Ethiopians could find no relief and their withdrawal quickly became a disorganized retreat. In this unequal chase, the Ethiopians were on foot and the Italians were generally in motor vehicles. The Italians blocked the few wells that lay along the way and closely pursued the parched Ethiopians. "Ras" Desta's army soon disintegrated under these assaults.
Aftermath.
On 20 January, within five days of their start, all three of Graziani's columns on the ground had reached their objectives. As a testament to the thoroughness of the job that the Royal Air Force had done, no shots had to be fired when the Italians converged on and entered their ultimate objective, Negele Boran. The rout of "Ras" Desta's army was complete. On 24 January, during the mopping up actions which followed, Graziani gave orders to the air commander: "Burn and destroy all that is inflammable and destructible ... bomb neighboring woods with gas and incendiaries." Mussolini said that there was to be no truce. "Ras" Desta fled by mule to Addis Ababa, barely escaping capture.
One detail did detract from Graziani's enjoyment of his triumph. About halfway through the battle, over nine hundred of his Eritrean troops deserted. Graziani's response was to order the corpses of the Eritrean dead left to rot on the field where they fell. It is understood that over 1,000 Eritrean deserters were said to have fought on the Ethiopian side at the Battle of Maychew.
Oddly enough, having taken the ground intended and having reached Wadera, Graziani now cautiously withdrew his forces approximately 60 miles to Negele Boran to allow food and munitions to catch up. The "southern front" was the subordinate front and the war on the "northern front" was not yet going well for the Italians. The Christmas Offensive was not yet over and the First Battle of Tembien was only about to start.

</doc>
<doc id="18317290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317290" title="Stiffy">
Stiffy

Stiffy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18317297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317297" title="Ross Miller (artist)">
Ross Miller (artist)

Ross Miller is an American visual artist. His work integrates art into the public landscape. Through site-based projects, his work reinforces community identity in outdoor spaces and creates places for private reflection within public environments.
Beginnings.
Miller was born in Cambridge, England. HIs father is a glaciologist who studies long term climate change and mother was a musician. Miller earned his undergraduate degree in Visual and Environmental Studies at Harvard University. Mentors during his studies were poet Emmett Williams, industrial designer Eva Zeisel, and conceptual artist Douglas Huebler.
Work.
Concern about the lack of meaning in non-site-specific public art practices and the limitations and selective private nature of studio based art led Miller to work in the public realm. Rather than imposing a specific medium or content on a site, his ideas evolve by examining the site’s ecological and social history, patterns of pedestrian activity, quality of light, and proposed future uses in order to create public artwork that makes direct connection with the site, heightening one’s experience of being in that specific place. Sited in publicly accessible locations - urban squares and parks, in schools, subway tunnels, along highways and over city streets - these projects evolve through collaboration with local residents, school and community groups, planners, architects, landscape architects and other artists. The projects range from urban and architectural scale installations to intimate pedestrian scale sculptures. 
One example, the "Ancient Fishweir Project", is based on history of fishweirs used over 5,300 years ago in the place that is now called Boston. In what is now Boston’s Back Bay, native people built fishweirs in tidal flats to catch alewife, smelt and salmon. The , fence-like structures were woven of alder, willow saplings and brush wattling and were made of over 65,000 wood stakes. Miller developed an annual public art installation project on the Boston Common to bring attention to this overlooked piece of history. The annual event brings together Boston Public School children with local artists, archeologists, educators and Native Americans to recreate a replica of an ancient fishweir on the Charles Street side of the Boston Common. 
Other projects include: "Original Shoreline" public artwork created by etching Boston’s former harbor edge (c. 1630) into granite between Faneuil Hall and City Hall; "Salt Marsh Trace" fountain and historical sculptures, at University Park at MIT research park in Cambridge, MA; and an educational miniature golf course for the Boston Children's Museum. 
Lighting work, more decorative in nature, has been developed by Miller from an original system developed from steel cable, net and commercial electric fixtures. These light installations contribute to urban experience in the dark cold times - at night and in the winter. At night, the artworks appear to float. The lights are wired to nets suspended from buildings or poles. Hanging 40–50 feet over the street, these pieces create gateways over the street, adding to celebration of downtown urban areas. This lighting system has been used in over 75 installations in 9 cities in the East Coast of the United States.
Early design work includes patents for education toys and collapsable furniture.
Current work.
Current permanent public art installations include an interactive water fountain in Boston's Mission Hill Park; "Falls Fountain" in Festival Plaza, Auburn, Maine; "LIttoral Way", a pedestrian walkway for the Central Artery Tunnel Project; and a permanent installation called "Harbor Fog", that is a motion sensor–activated fog, LED light and granite sculptural environment for the Rose Kennedy Greenway created as part of Boston's Big Dig highway project.
He is a designer for the Outdoor Classroom Pilot Projects, a series of experiential educational garden landscapes for Boston Public Schools and the Boston Schoolyard Initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="18317315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317315" title="Kal Kissne Dekha">
Kal Kissne Dekha

Kal Kissne Dekha (, translation: "Who knows what will happen tomorrow?", lit. "Who has seen tomorrow?") is an Bollywood sci-fi romance film directed by Vivek Sharma, who earlier directed "Bhootnath". The film introduces debutantes Jackky Bhagnani and Vaishali Desai. It has been reported to have similarities with the 2007 Hollywood film "Next", starring Nicolas Cage. "Kal Kissne Dekha" released on 12 June 2009 and was an box office flop.
Plot.
Nihal Singh (Jackky Bhagnani) is a teen from Chandigarh who loves to build complicated gadgets to learn what it is behind science. He has a brilliant mind and dreams of studying at an elite science institute. When he is accepted into his dream college in Mumbai, he discovers college is a whole new world, new people and new challenges. At school Nihal is attracted to Meesha (Vaishali Desai), a proud, rude brat. She cannot accept that Nihal is managing to charm everyone his way including Professor Siddarth Verma (Rishi Kapoor), the professor of the college.
Nihal starts to get visions of Meesha being in danger. He saves her life and his secret is revealed that he can see the future. After this incident, love blossoms between Nihal and Nisha. Meanwhile, media exposure results in attention from anti-social elements, including an explosion at a mall. Nihal sees the explosion before it takes place and manages to rescue most people. It turns out one of Nihal's friend is behind the attack. Despite seeing the bomber, he keeps quiet and doesn't tell the police department. He strengthens up and decides to fight the attacker himself.
Production.
The film commenced shooting on 18 June 2008 in the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa. Durban, Cape Town, Stellenbosch (a town near Cape Town) and the University of Stellenbosch were the other locations. The prominent oaks in Stellenbosch can be clearly seen in many of the scenes. One of the dance numbers was shot in the university's library. 
In March 2009, it was announced that Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail and Rubina Ali, two of the child stars of "Slumdog Millionaire" (2008), were cast in "Kal Kissne Dekha".
Music.
Music is composed by Sajid-Wajid with lyrics provided by Sameer. The music has got good reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="18317337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317337" title="For You (EP)">
For You (EP)

For You is an EP by Dutch girl group Luv' released in September 1989 by Dureco/High Fashion records. It was recorded by a formation different from the original line-up (the only original member being Marga Scheide).
It includes the moderate hit song Welcome to My party as well as other singles: I Don't Wanna Be Lonely, Girl Like Me and Hit-Medley. For You marked the group's comeback after its break-up in 1981.
Album history.
In early 1989, the Dutch and Flemish media were speculating about a reunion of the original Luv' singers who were popular ten years earlier in a dozen of countries with hits like "You're the Greatest Lover", "Trojan Horse" and "Casanova". The trio was announced to record new material produced by the British hit machine Stock Aitken Waterman. However, this project never happened. José Hoebee refused to be part of Luv' because of family duties. Soon after, Patty Brard didn't want to belong to the trio.
Marga Scheide was the only one to carry on. That's why she formed a new version of the girl group by recruiting two vocalists: Diana van Berlo and Michelle Gold. Hans van Hemert and Piet Souer, who conceived the original trio in 1977, weren't involved in the new Luv'. As they held the copyright on all the aspects of the group, they gave Marga official permission to use the name of Luv' and its heart-shaped logo.
With the help from Marga's partner Jacques Zwart (a.k.a. E. Mergency), a new musical direction was chosen. English record producer Nigel Wright was hired to supervise new recordings. Wright was an experimented artist who had produced hit records for Shakatak, Imagination and Mirage. Under his guidance, Luv' recorded an EP (entitled "For You") that was inspired by the Dance pop sound of PWL which enjoyed success in Western countries in the late 1980s with acts like Kylie Minogue, Mel & Kim, Bananarama and Rick Astley. The recording sessions took place at the Dureco Studio in Weesp. The songs were engineered in London. 
The first single taken from "For You" was "Welcome To My Party" that peaked at #22 on the Dutch Top 40 and #28 on the Flemish BRT Top 30. It was far from the excellent performances of the Luv' records released during their heyday between 1978 and 1980. The other singles off the EP failed to break into the hit lists. Although chart success was a distant memory, the ladies toured the clubs circuit and often performed on TV.

</doc>
<doc id="18317358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317358" title="George M. Cohan Tonight!">
George M. Cohan Tonight!

George M. Cohan Tonight! is a 2006 musical, conceived, written and arranged by Chip Deffaa, with music and lyrics by George M. Cohan, and additional material by Chip Deffaa. It is a one-man show depicting the life and music of Cohan utilizing his songs, dance routines, memoirs, and the stories of those who knew him. Able to be performed in dozen of venues, "George M. Cohan Tonight!" opened Off-Broadway in 2006 at the Irish Repertory Theatre in New York City. The original cast album is available from Sh-K-Boom Records/Ghostlight Records.
The "New York Times" hailed the show as "brash, cocky, and endlessly euphoric" ("The New York Times", March 11, 2006). The show originally starred Jon Peterson, was directed by Chip Deffaa, with musical direction by Sterling Price-McKinney. The show earned star Jon Peterson a Drama Desk nomination, and author/director Chip Deffaa an IRNE Award (Independent Reviewers of New England). It is one of six different musicals about Cohan, created for different sized casts and audiences, created by Deffaa. For more info, go to www.GeorgeMCohan.org.
Productions.
Since 2006, "George M. Cohan Tonight!" has toured the United States appearing in many regional theatre houses. Jon Peterson, Justin Boccitto, and David Herzog have all starred in productions of the show in the US, directed by Deffaa. "George M. Cohan Tonight!" made an Asian debut in South Korea in 2007. In August 2008, it made its European debut at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe starring David Herzog. Herzog is set to star in the show's British debut, opening September 21, 2010 at the New Players Theatre on the West End in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18317360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317360" title="Tatla Lake, British Columbia">
Tatla Lake, British Columbia

Tatla Lake is a small unincorporated community in the west Chilcotin area of British Columbia, Canada, located at the west end of its eponymous lake. Situated 220 km west of Williams Lake along Highway 20 (Chilcotin Highway), Tatla Lake's 123 people live approximately half-way between the two ends of the highway; Williams Lake to the east and the coastal community of Bella Coola to the west. The community is the service centre for three major mountain valleys of West Branch, Chilko and Tatlayoko. These valleys extend southward via secondary roads to the south.
History.
The first people to live in Tatla Lake were the Tsilhqot'in (Chilcotin) First Nations people. Ranching began in 1890 with the advent of early pioneers. Robert Graham arrived in the country in 1901 and purchased the Tatla Lake place from Benny Franklin in 1902. The Grahams built a fine new house as well as a new store in 1930. The house is now the Graham Inn, long known for serving excellent meals to hungry travelers on the highway. A post office was established on the Graham Ranch in 1914 with Mrs. Graham as postmistress for mail that only came once a month at first. The Grahams' son William, was the first baby born in the new log hospital at Alexis Creek in 1915. Over the years a school, community hall, and nursing station were added.
Geography.
Tatla Lake is situated on the western edge of the Chilcotin Plateau, and some of the largest mountains in British Columbia are found to the West including Mount Waddington - the tallest mountain within British Columbia borders. The Coast Mountains block most of the moisture traveling off the Pacific Ocean leaving the entire Chilcotin region in a rain shadow. Tatla Lake is the westernmost location for many semi-arid plants like Prickly Pear Cactus and Rabbit Brush.
Climate.
The rain shadow effect means Tatla Lake is quite dry receiving about the same precipitation per year as Penticton. The dry air combined with relatively high elevation and clear skies mean the daily temperature extremes are rather wide. In September the temperature can be over 32°C (90°F) during the day and below freezing at night. On average the temperature fluctuates by about 17 °C (31°F).
During the winter the Tatla Lake valley is much colder than the surrounding plateau and valleys as the cold air sinks creating strong temperature inversions. The nearby weather station at Puntzi recorded a low of -52.8°C (-63°F) on December 29, 1968. During the winters chinook winds blow up the coastal valleys, but often pass over Tatla Lake leaving the community in a deep freeze. This occurs because the Tatla Lake drainage system flows east, while the neighboring valleys flow west through the Coast Mountains.
Source: Environment Canada, "Canadian Climate Normals or Averages 1971-2000"

</doc>
<doc id="18317367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317367" title="Briz">
Briz

Briz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18317380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317380" title="David I. Maurstad">
David I. Maurstad

David Ingolf Maurstad was the 36th Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska from 1999 to 2001. He was appointed Mitigation Division director at Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) in 2006.
Maurstad received his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and Master of Business Administration from the University of Nebraska–Lincoln.
Maurstad was an insurance agent for nearly 25 years in Nebraska and was the mayor of Beatrice, Nebraska and later a member of the Nebraska Legislature. He was lieutenant governor from 1999 to 2001. In 2001, he became director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency Region VIII (Colorado, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah. Wyoming). He was appointed Mitigation Division director at FEMA in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18317386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317386" title="Center Village District">
Center Village District

Center Village District is a historic district in Lancaster, Massachusetts that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
It includes the First Church of Christ, Lancaster, which is a U.S. National Historic Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="18317395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317395" title="Director's Cut (Helldorado album)">
Director's Cut (Helldorado album)

"Director's Cut" is second studio album from the Norwegian band Helldorado.
Track listing.
All songs by Dag S. Vagle, except "Payrolled", "I´d Waited for This Day" - music by Vagle, lyrics by Martin Hagfors, and "Diesel and Bones" - music by Vagle, lyrics by Vagle & Hagfors.

</doc>
<doc id="18317401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317401" title="Diamant premetro station">
Diamant premetro station

The Diamant premetro station is a station on the Brussels Metro located in the municipality of Schaerbeek in Brussels, Belgium. It was inaugurated on May 2, 1972. The station is a "premetro" station. It is thus not used by conventional subway trains, but by Brussels trams. It is one of four subway stations of the so-called Greater Ring axis built in the 1970s, which runs under the greater ring road. This underground station is currently served by tram routes 7 and 25. It offers a connection with bus routes 12, 21, 28, 29 and 79 at ground level. 
The station gets its name from the avenue of the same name "Avenue Diamant/Diamantlaan". It is located at the crossroad between this avenue, the greater ring, the "Avenue des Cerisiers/Kerselarenlaan" and the "Avenue de Roodebeek/Roodebeeklaan" next to the buildings of the public television and radio networks, the Dutch-speaking VRT and the French-speaking RTBF. It was built at the same time as the E40 freeway which ends here and splits into several tunnels and off-ramps. 

</doc>
<doc id="18317404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317404" title="Patrick Malone">
Patrick Malone

Patrick Malone may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18317406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317406" title="The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway (song)">
The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway (song)

"The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway" is the first song from Genesis's 1974 album of the same name. The song was released as a single in the US but failed to chart. However, FM rock stations in the US would play this frequently.
Like other songs on the album, the music and lyrics in "The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway" are partially derived from 1960s soul songs. The end of the song features the words "They say the neon lights are bright on Broadway. They say there's always magic in the air" from The Drifters' song "On Broadway". The studio recording features a variation on the former lyric ("They say the lights are always bright on Broadway"), but subsequent live recordings feature the original.
The bass-playing on the song by Mike Rutherford has been described as having "connotations of aggressive energy" that fits in well with the concept album's angry and defiant character Rael. 
After Gabriel's departure, the Phil Collins-fronted incarnation of the band performed the song often during their first few tours, usually segueing into the closing section of "The Musical Box". A live version appears on "Seconds Out" from 1977 as well as part of the "Old Medley" on "" from 1993. The song was also played in full during the 1998 "Calling All Stations" tour, with Ray Wilson on vocals.
Peter Gabriel also performed the song during his 1978 performances as an encore.
Progressive rock band The Flower Kings covered the song on their first live album "Alive on Planet Earth". 
Rock guitarist Paul Gilbert covered the song on his 2003 solo album "Gilbert Hotel".

</doc>
<doc id="18317411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317411" title="Beijing Consensus">
Beijing Consensus

Beijing Consensus (also sometimes called "the China Model" or "Chinese Economic Model") is a term that refers to the political and especially economic policies of the People's Republic of China that began after the death of Mao Zedong and the rehabilitation of Deng Xiaoping (1976) and are thought to have contributed to China's eightfold growth in gross national product over two decades. The phrase "Beijing Consensus" was coined by Joshua Cooper Ramo to pose China's economic development model as an alternative — especially for developing countries — to the Washington Consensus of market-friendly policies promoted by the IMF, World Bank and U.S. Treasury.
The term has been described variously as the pragmatic use of innovation and experimentation in the service of "equitable, peaceful high-quality growth", and "defense of national borders and interests" (by Ramo); the use of "stable, if repressive, politics and high-speed economic growth". 
Others maintain that "it seems" there is "no consensus as to what it stands for" other than being an alternative to the neoliberal Washington Consensus; and that the term "is applied to anything that happens in Beijing, regardless of whether or not it has to do with a 'Chinese Model of Development,' or even with the People's Republic of China (PRC) per se."
Joshua Cooper Ramo.
The term's birth into the mainstream political lexicon was in 2004 when the United Kingdom's Foreign Policy Centre published a paper by Joshua Cooper Ramo titled "The Beijing Consensus." In this paper, he laid out three broad guidelines for economic development. Ramo was a former senior editor and foreign editor of "Time" magazine and later a partner at Kissinger Associates, the consulting firm of former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger.
The first guideline involves a "commitment to innovation and constant experimentation." One of the major criticisms of the Washington Consensus is its complacency. Ramo argues that there is no perfect solution, and that the only true path to success is one that is dynamic, as no one plan works for every situation.
The second guideline states that Per Capita Income (GDP/capita) should not be the lone measure of progress. Rather, Ramo feels that the sustainability of the economic system and an even distribution of wealth, along with GDP, are important indicators of progress.
The third guideline urges a policy of self-determination, where the less-developed nations use leverage to keep the superpowers in check and assure their own financial sovereignty. This includes not only financial self-determination, but also a shift to the most effective military strategy, which Ramo suggests is more likely to be an asymmetric strategy rather than one that seeks direct confrontation. Unlike the Washington Consensus, which largely ignored questions of geo-politics, Ramo argues—particularly in the Chinese context—that geo-politics and geo-economics are fundamentally linked.
Arif Dirlik.
One critic of Ramo's plan is University of Oregon professor Arif Dirlik, a "notable specialist in Chinese and in intellectual history," who wrote the paper "Beijing Consensus: Beijing "Gongshi." Who Recognizes Whom and to What End." Although Dirlik is intrigued by the concepts and philosophy of Ramo's Beijing Consensus, he says that Ramo's plan is a "Silicon Valley model of development" that ignores the fact that the exploitation of China's labor force by foreign countries was a major part of the Chinese development. Ultimately though, and despite other criticism, Dirlik concludes that the Beijing Consensus does serve an important goal: "The most important aspect of the Beijing Consensus may be an approach to global relationships that seeks, in multinational relationships, a new global order founded on economic relationships, but which also recognizes political and cultural difference as well as differences in regional and national practices within a common global framework."
John Williamson.
In his January 2012 article in "Asia Policy" Williamson describes the Beijing Consensus as consisting of five points: 
Stefan Halper.
Stefan Halper, Director of American Studies at the Department of Politics, Cambridge and former foreign policy official in the Nixon, Ford, and Reagan administrations, offered his own interpretation of the term in his 2012 book, "The Beijing Consensus: How China's Authoritarian Model Will Dominate the Twenty-First Century". Halper argues that China's model of economic development without corresponding democratic reforms is serving as a template throughout the developing world. It is one that Beijing eagerly exports (as demonstrated by its support of other illiberal regimes, such as those in Sudan, Angola, or Zimbabwe) by offering developing countries "no-strings-attached gifts and loans", rather than "promoting democracy through economic aid", as does the West. Halper argues China's dependence on natural resources will lock Beijing into relationships with rogue states and that Beijing will not feel increasing pressure democratize as it grows richer, because it is wealth that gives the regime its legitimacy.
He sees this as establishing a trend "Away from the market-democratic model—and toward a new type of capitalism, which can flourish without the values and norms of Western liberalism" which could ultimately supplant the Washington consensus.
Spread.
According to Indonesian scholar Ignatius Wibowo, “the Beijing Consensus clearly has gained ground in Southeast Asia” as countries there “have shifted their development strategy from one based on free markets and democracy to one based on semi-free markets and an illiberal political system.” China provides training in economic management and various civil-service skills for more than 10,000 bureaucrats from other developing countries. The training includes sessions where China’s successes in improving living standards are promoted.
"China Model".
The China Model is sometimes used interchangeably with the Beijing Consensus, and sometimes by those who insist "it is inaccurate to describe the Chinese model as the 'Beijing consensus' versus the 'Washington consensus'."
Characteristics.
Among the characteristics attributed to the "China Model" by Western commentators include: 
According to academic and former Chinese official Zhang Weiwei, the "key features" of the model are:
The model received considerable attention following the 2008-9 severe economic downturn in the Western world as an alternative to the "Washington Consensus" liberal-market approach.
Criticism.
Critics at free-market oriented magazine "The Economist" have called the model "unclear" and an invention of "American think-tank eggheads" and "plumage-puffed Chinese academics". Instead of strong government the critics have blamed China's success on its "vast, cheap labor supply", an "attractive internal market for foreign investment", and its access to the American market which provides a perfect spendthrift counterpart for China's exports and a high savings rate.
In May 2012, the New York Times stated that China released data that "showed its economy was continuing to weaken," and quoted a political scientist at Renmin University of China in Beijing (Zhang Ming) as saying: "Many economic problems that we face are actually political problems in disguise, such as the nature of the economy, the nature of the ownership system in the country and groups of vested interests. ... The problems are so serious that they have to be solved now and can no longer be put off."

</doc>
<doc id="18317424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317424" title="Tom Bolton (astronomer)">
Tom Bolton (astronomer)

Charles Thomas Bolton (born 1943) is an American astronomer who was one of the first astronomers to present strong evidence of the existence of a stellar mass black hole.
Bolton received his Bachelor’s in 1966 from the University of Illinois, followed by a 1968 Master’s and a 1970 doctoral degrees from the University of Michigan. Bolton then worked as a postdoctoral researcher at the David Dunlap Observatory, teaching there until 1972. He taught at Scarborough College from 1971 to 1972, and at Erindale College from 1972 to 1973, but since 1973, has been affiliated with the University of Toronto astronomy department, where he is now an emeritus professor.
In 1971, as a post-doctoral fellow and part-time faculty member studying binary systems at the Dunlap Observatory, Bolton observed star HDE 226868 wobble as if it was orbiting around an invisible but massive companion emitting powerful X-rays, independently of the work by Louise Webster and Paul Murdin, at the Royal Greenwich Observatory. Further analysis gave an estimate about the amount of mass needed for the gravitational pull, which proved to be too much for a neutron star. After further observations confirmed the results, by 1973, the astronomical community generally recognized black hole Cygnus X-1, lying in the plane of the Milky Way galaxy at a galactic latitude of about 3 degrees.
In 2008, controversy erupted over the University of Toronto's decision to sell the David Dunlap Observatory, the largest single mirror in Canada, but considered small by modern standards. Bolton and the Richmond Hill Naturalists contend the Observatory and of parkland and arboretum should all be designated as a Provincial Heritage site and not allowed for suburban housing or apartment development. Despite a pending hearing to make arguments in front of the Province of Ontario's Conservation Review Board under the Province's Heritage Act, on July 2, 2008, the University announced an imminent sale of the land to local developers and kicked Bolton out. Frustrated, Bolton watched as helpers carried out boxes with 37 years of his work.
Bolton is a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18317433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317433" title="If You Can't Stand the Heat (song)">
If You Can't Stand the Heat (song)

"If You Can't Stand the Heat" is a single by UK pop group Bucks Fizz. It was released in November 1982 and became the group's fifth top 10 single in the UK. The song was written by Andy Hill and guitarist Ian Bairnson. It was also produced by Hill. 
Background.
Written by Andy Hill and Ian Bairnson and produced by Hill, the song became the group's fifth top 10 single (and seventh consecutive top 20 hit), eventually peaking at No.10 in January 1983. It was certified silver by the BPI for sales of over 250,000 in the UK.
The lyrics of the song tell of someone who is manipulative, but when faced with her own medicine, can't handle it, hence the song's title. The song was a change for the group in that it was their first single where the two female members took the lead vocals on the track - according to the group, this was done due to requests from fans. It has also been noted that the faint reggae beat on the track gives it a slight variation on the group's usually straightforward pop. The song received a positive review from "Record Mirror" magazine, which complimented the song's production values, calling it “Another truly staggering pseudo-dramatic epic”.
The Promotional Video depicts a day in the life of Bucks Fizz, beginning with member Jay Aston oversleeping and then joining the rest of the group for rehearsals, press interviews and culminating in a live performance. The live performance was specially shot for the video at the Shaftesbury Theatre in London, the audience being made up of fan-club members. The video also features their manager Jill Shirley, tour manager Tony McGrogan and fan-club organiser, Gay Purle.
The song featured on the group's third album, "Hand Cut," released in 1983, while an extended 12" remix was released in tandem with the 7". The B-side of the single, "Stepping Out" was written and produced by the group themselves. The single came in two different picture sleeves - both with the same photographs, but with different coloured backgrounds - yellow and orange.
An alternate mix of the song appeared on the group's 2005 compilation "The Ultimate Anthology."
Track listing.
7" Vinyl
12" Vinyl

</doc>
<doc id="18317436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317436" title="GCR Class 1">
GCR Class 1

The GCR Class 1 was a class of steam locomotives designed by John G. Robinson for the Great Central Railway, and introduced to service between December 1912 and 1913. In the 1923 grouping, they all passed to the London and North Eastern Railway who placed them in class B2. Their classification was changed to B19 in 1945, and all had been retired by the end of 1947.
Service.
Although commonly believed that they were intended as express passenger locomotives, the Great Central actually classified and used them as mixed traffic locomotives. The minutes of the Locomotive Committee show that they were ordered as a superheated version of the 8F ("Immingham") class mixed traffic locomotives. They were described as mixed traffic locomotives in the contemporary Great Central publication 'Per Rail' which promoted the company's goods services. When new, three of the class – 423, 425 and 428 were painted in GCR's standard green passenger livery, while the other three – 424, 426 and 427 were painted in the lined black goods livery; all were green by the end of 1922. Their initial allocations included the 'Pipe trains', the vacuum-brake fitted express goods services between Manchester and London, among the most important services on the Great Central. There is no evidence that they were intended to challenge the contemporary 11E (Director) class 4-4-0s for the generally light express passenger services of the pre-1914 years on the London Extension.
Alleged problems.
There is similarly no evidence to support the claims that they had problems in service which led to their alleged demotion from express passenger use. The design of the fire grate and ash pan was very similar to, for example, the later Gresley K3 2-6-0s, and their fireboxes were deep and relatively large for their grate area. Overheating troubles with axleboxes have been alleged, related to the large force from the inside cylinders. Robinson in fact took care to make the coupled boxes as large as possible, on the two leading axles and on the trailing set. In fact a more likely source of initial trouble was the marine-type big ends fitted to the first five, since the sixth reverted to strap and cotter type.
External links.
LNER Encyclopedia

</doc>
<doc id="18317448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317448" title="Gwas">
Gwas

GWAS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18317465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317465" title="Mehreen Jabbar">
Mehreen Jabbar

Mehreen Jabbar (Urdu: م‍ﮩ‍رين جبار ) (b. December 29, 1971, Karachi), is a noted Pakistani film-maker and television director/producer. Mehreen is the daughter of well known media-person and businessman Javed Jabbar.
Life.
Mehreen grew up around Pakistan's show business. Her father, Javed Jabbar has been a filmmaker, and a very successful ad man apart from a senator and a cabinet minister. After receiving a B.A. from St. Joseph's College in Karachi, Mehreen went to the USA to study film and completed a two-year program at University of California Los Angeles in 1993, with a "Film, Television and Video certificate". She returned to Pakistan, and directed and produced drama series/serials under the banner of "TasVeer Productions", almost all of which were critically acclaimed by the Pakistani press.
Jabbar directed her first play in 1994, called "Nivala", which was an adaptation of Ismat Chughtai's short story. However, the play never made it to the television screens, having been refused by state-run television channel PTV on the grounds that it was an Indian writer's work. It was a setback for Mehreen but she continued working for television and since then has made several award winning telefilms and TV series for several TV channels in Pakistan, in addition to a number of short films which have aired in festivals worldwide.
"Ramchand Pakistani" was Jabbar's first feature-length film, which was released in Pakistan, India and the UK to wide critical and audience acclaim. The film premiered in the competition section of the Tribeca Film Festival in New York in 2008. It won the FIPRESCI PRIZE from the International Federation of Film Critics and received Honourable Mention by the 13th Annual Satyajit Ray Awards at the London Film Festival, 2008 as well as the Audience award at the Fribourg International Film Festival. The film recently had a week long screening at the MOMA (Museum of Modern Art) in New York. 
Mehreen has been a member of the Central Board of Film Censors in Karachi, a founding member of WAR (War Against Rape), the Kara Film Festival in Karachi, and has also served as a juror at the Leeds International Film Festival. Recently she was the Artistic Director and Directing Mentor at the Maisha Film Lab in Uganda, a non profit film lab founded by director Mira Nair. Mehreen currently resides in New York City .
Success with Ramchand Pakistani.
The Pakistani film "Ramchand Pakistani" directed by Mehreen Jabbar won the popular Public Award (the People’s Choice Award), presented on March 21, the final night of the prestigious Fribourg International Film Festival in Switzerland.
Audience members viewed over 13 outstanding films from around the world, and "Ramchand Pakistani" secured the highest number of “First Preference” votes. Countries whose films were also featured in the main competition included India, Germany, China, France, Iran, Algeria, Brazil, Belgium, Mexico, Chile, Colombia and South Korea.
The Public Award at Fribourg includes a cash prize of 5,000 Swiss Francs for the Producer of the film. The award is sponsored by the Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation (SIDA).
Director Mehreen Jabbar attended the five-day festival as a guest. She answered questions and comments from jam-packed audiences which warmly applauded the film at the end of each of its three screenings.
This is the fourth major international award won by "Ramchand Pakistani" since its release at international Festivals in 2008.
Festival screenings.
"Beauty Parlor" screened at: 
"Daughters of the Late Colonel" screened at:
"Ramchand Pakistani" Official Selection at:

</doc>
<doc id="18317469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317469" title="Morano (publishing house)">
Morano (publishing house)

Morano is an Italian publishing house which was founded in Naples in 1849.
Born during a difficult period in the history of Naples, it performed an important role in the diffusion of culture, publishing the writings of Giambattista Vico, Adolfo Bartoli, Vincenzo Gioberti and, later, above all, those of Francesco de Sanctis and Luigi Settembrini.
The press, directed for a long period by the Neapolitan Antonio Morano (1899–1993), published series in the areas of philosophy, law, and school textbooks.

</doc>
<doc id="18317471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317471" title="Rochelle, Virginia">
Rochelle, Virginia

Rochelle is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18317478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317478" title="Ruth, Virginia">
Ruth, Virginia

Ruth is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18317489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317489" title="Shelby, Virginia">
Shelby, Virginia

Shelby is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18317491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317491" title="Halla Margrét Árnadóttir">
Halla Margrét Árnadóttir

Halla Margrét Árnadóttir or Halla Margrét (born April 23, 1964 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic singer who represented her country in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, in Brussels. In that competition, she sang the entry "Hægt Og Hljótt" (in english: ("Slowly and Quietly") with music and lyrics by Valgeir Guðjónsson; the conductor was Hjálmar Ragnarsson. The song ended in 16th place (22 countries) and received 28 points.
Since 1997, Halla Margrét has been an opera and concert singer. A soprano, she stars on two DVDs, as Anna in Puccini's Le Villi, and as Tigrana in Puccini's Edgar.

</doc>
<doc id="18317493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317493" title="Michael White (singer)">
Michael White (singer)

Larry Michael White (born in Knoxville, Tennessee) is an American country music artist. The son of songwriter L.E. White, who has written for Conway Twitty, Michael had a song he wrote recorded when he was still a teenager. “You Make It Hard To Take The Easy Way Out" appeared on the B-side to Conway Twitty's hit “You’ve Never Been This Far Before”.
Michael was later signed to Reprise Records in 1992, releasing his debut album "Familiar Ground" that year. This album produced three chart singles for him on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts, including the No. 32 "Professional Fool." The album was produced by Robert Byrne.
White also was a writer on "Rock-a-Bye Heart" for Dana McVicker, "Fighting Fire with Fire" for Davis Daniel, "Loving Every Minute" for Mark Wills, and "The Baby" for Blake Shelton. "Loving Every Minute" and "The Baby" both earned White ASCAP awards for being among the most performed country songs of the year, in 2002 and 2003 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18317495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317495" title="Shifflet Corner, Virginia">
Shifflet Corner, Virginia

Shifflet Corner is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18317504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317504" title="Tanners, Virginia">
Tanners, Virginia

Tanners is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18317515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317515" title="Tryme, Virginia">
Tryme, Virginia

Tryme is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18317522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317522" title="Twymans Mill, Virginia">
Twymans Mill, Virginia

Twymans Mill is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18317528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317528" title="Uno, Virginia">
Uno, Virginia

Uno is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.
References.
Home of the Steam & Gas Engine Association; Cow Country; Architectural delights; Old wood & rust; Railroad Whistle Stop; Post Office; Wind Power; Flower Scapes; Farms; Mountain Views

</doc>
<doc id="18317530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317530" title="2008 World Matchplay (darts)">
2008 World Matchplay (darts)

The 2008 Stan James World Matchplay was the 15th annual staging of the tournament by the Professional Darts Corporation. The tournament took place from Sunday 20 July to Saturday 26 July. It was staged at the Winter Gardens in Blackpool. World number three, James Wade went into the competition as the defending champion and managed to reach the final for the third year in a row, but was defeated by top seed Phil Taylor 18-9 who won his ninth World Matchplay championship.
Prize fund.
A total of £300,000 was available for the players, divided based on the following performances:
Winner - £60,000<br>
Runner-up - £30,000<br>
Semi-finalists - £17,000<br>
Quarter-finalists - £12,000<br>
Second round losers - £8,000<br>
First round losers - £4,000
Nine-dart jackpot - £10,000
Qualification.
The qualification process for the World Matchplay differed this year. The top 16 in the PDC Order of the Merit after the 2008 UK Open qualified automatically as the 16 seeds. The other 16 places would be made up of the 16 highest ranked players (not already in the top 16) from the 2008 Players Championship Order of Merit - decided by the various Player Championship events taking place on the PDC Pro Tour from January 2008 - the cutoff point was the Las Vegas Players Championship just before the 2008 Las Vegas Desert Classic.
Thus, the participants were:
Draw.
Scores after player's names are three-dart averages (total points scored divided by darts thrown and multiplied by 3)
All games had to be won by 2 clear legs (e.g. in Rd 1 there could not be a 10-9 scoreline it had to be 11-9 or 10-8)
Results.
Round 1, Sunday 20 July.
Evening Session
Round 1, Monday 21 July.
Afternoon Session
Evening Session
Round 1 and 2, Tuesday 22 July.
Afternoon Session
Evening Session
Round 2
Round 2, Wednesday 23 July.
Afternoon Session
Evening Session
Quarter Finals, Thursday 24 July.
Afternoon Session
Evening Session
The Aftermath.
Phil Taylor.
Taylor was reduced to tears upon winning the second most prestigious title in the PDC for the ninth time. He could not speak to interviewers and simply stood on the stage with a tearful look in his eyes. Later on, Taylor explained that he was overwhelmed by all of the support that he'd received, he also explained how he once thought he was never going to win the title ever again.
James Wade.
Wade took his loss in good spirit. Despite not winning the tournament (as he did in 2007), he has now almost caught up with Raymond van Barneveld in the world rankings and is only £4000 behind him.

</doc>
<doc id="18317533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317533" title="Waylandsburg, Virginia">
Waylandsburg, Virginia

Waylandsburg is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18317534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317534" title="Wolftown, Virginia">
Wolftown, Virginia

Wolftown is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.
Graves Mill and the Hoffman Round Barn are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18317540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317540" title="Zeus, Virginia">
Zeus, Virginia

Zeus is an unincorporated community located in Madison County, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="18317544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317544" title="The Spine Journal">
The Spine Journal

The Spine Journal is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering research related to the spine. It is the official journal of the North American Spine Society. The journal was established in 2001 and is published by Elsevier.

</doc>
<doc id="18317555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317555" title="Florida Classic">
Florida Classic

The Florida Blue Florida Classic is the annual college football game between the Wildcats of Bethune-Cookman University and the Rattlers of Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University. 
The series record is FAMU 20, B-CU 13. In Orlando, that record is FAMU 10, B-CU 7.
The game is televised nationally by ESPNU as a part of a multi-year contract with the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC).For the last two games the game has been televised by ESPN Classic.
Location.
The Game is held at the Florida Citrus Bowl Stadium in Orlando. Previous games were at the Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, FL and Doak Campbell Stadium in Tallahassee, FL until the two schools agreed on a permanent site in Tampa, Florida, in 1978.
Annual attendance.
The Florida Classic has now drawn in excess of 1.4 million fans since 1978. Since 1997, a total of 689,592 fans have watched the Florida Classic in the Florida Citrus Bowl Stadium, an average of 68,708 per year. By comparison, the total attendance for the 17 years prior to Orlando was 765,529, an average of only 45,031. Between Orlando and Tampa, the Classic has drawn 1,383,905 fans. The record for attendance at the game is 73,358, set in Orlando in 2003. The announced attendance in 2008 was 60,712
History.
The series between the two schools began in 1925, with Florida A&M winning 25-0. B-CC’s first win came a year later, 12-0 in 1926. At one stretch, the Rattlers won 19 straight games including a 68-6 victory in 1959, a 97-0 win in 1960 and a 76-0 win in 1961. Overall, the Rattlers lead the 60-game series, 46-15-1.
Florida A&M won the first Florida Classic game in 1978, 27-17, overcoming a 17-0 halftime deficit. The team went on to win the inaugural NCAA Division I-AA championship. Bethune-Cookman made the series competitive starting in 1973, winning 11 of their 14 series victories during that span, including a 58-52 overtime win in 2004, which was the first-ever three-peat for the ‘Cats in the overall series, which dates back to the 1920s. Florida A&M holds an 18-10 edge in the meetings since the instate rivalry moved from a home-and-home scenario to an annual neutral site game in Tampa Stadium in 1978.
The two schools went through a two-year hiatus in 1983 and 1984, when they could not agree on a playing site, but public pressure from alumni, fans and state officials brought them back to the negotiating table and they resumed the series in 1985. Bethune-Cookman won the rivalry renewal game, 31-27 in 1985.
The 1997-2007 games saw the Florida Classic revived to the point that it overshadowed the drawing power of the Bayou Classic in New Orleans, between Grambling and Southern University in terms of attendance. In 1998, 66,245 packed the Florida Citrus Bowl Stadium for the game which determined the 1998 MEAC Championship and postseason invitations. In 1999, the game drew 70,125 fans to Orlando, the sixth-largest football event ever held in the Florida Citrus Bowl Stadium. The 2000 MEAC title game, which drew 70,719, for a 31-28 thriller won by the Rattlers. The 2003 game stands as the largest crowd ever in the series - 73,358.
In 2005, the game made its debut on ESPNU, the 24-hour college sports network, as a part of a commitment to broadcasting HBCU games.
Game results.
FAMU owns the series record 21-13 since 1978.
"Bethune-Cookman victories shaded in ██ maroon. Florida A&M victories are shaded in ██ orange. "
Other activities.
Halftime Show and Battle of the Bands.
In a 2006 article, Orlando Weekly Magazine said, "at most college football games, halftime is for beer runs and bathroom breaks. At the (Florida Classic), halftime is the reason to go."
Over the years fans have agreed with these types descriptions of the game's halftime show. They also point out that areas under the stadium clear out as fans go to their seats or stand on walkways located at the stadium's end zones because they provide unrestricted views of the football field and the halftime show.
Prior to the MEAC's contract with ESPN to broadcast the game, the two bands enjoyed almost unlimited time to perform their last, longest and undoubtedly best show of the year. In fact, in the 2002 Florida Classic halftime, both bands performed shows that were almost 45 minutes long, nearly tripling the halftime's allotment of only 30 minutes based on NCAA rules.
The rivalry between the two programs is also evident in phrases used by the bands' announcers. Although good friends, Horatio "In Stereo" Walker of Bethune-Cookman's Marching Wildcats and radio jockey Joe Bullard of FAMU's Marching "100," don't express any kind words for the opponent band as they narrate their marching band's respective shows.
The marching bands' appeal is also used to attract fans to other events during the Florida Classic weekend. On Fridays, both bands perform after high school bands during the annual Florida Blue Battle of the Bands at Amway Center. Prior to 2007 while Walt Disney World was still a sponsor, both bands performed annually at a parade at one of the Walt Disney World parks.
Hazing death.
In 2011, the game and weekend activities were marred by the hazing death of Florida A&M Marching 100 drum major Robert Champion. A subsequent criminal investigation uncovered a culture of hazing and led to the resignation of two faculty members and 13 persons charged with felony or misdemeanor hazing crimes.
Florida A&M University stopped all band performances amid the investigation, and the 2012 game and surrounding events were largely muted. The Marching 100 did not participate in halftime ceremonies, and the game attracted only a half-full stadium. The band returned to the game in 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="18317568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317568" title="Master of European Law">
Master of European Law

Master of European Law (LL.M. Eur) is a specialized Master of Laws (LL.M.) degree, awarded after successful completion of a course of study in the law of the European Union and preparation of subsequent master's thesis within this field.
LL.M. Eur programs are relatively narrow specialization of ordinary LL.M. programs. Usually, such a curriculum would start with general lectures in European Union law and history of European integration, followed with specialized courses, e.g. law governing the fundamental freedoms, competition law, Economic and Monetary Union, and European Procurement. LL.M. Eur programs are international in focus and LL.M. Eur students and graduates often work in an international and sometimes multicultural environment. EU institutions and some international law firms prefer graduates with this kind of diploma.
One of the oldest LL.M. Eur programs is provided by the "Europa-Institut" of Saarland University, Germany. It has a tradition of over 60 years and is supported by the European Commission and the German Foreign Office. LL.M. Eur study programs are also offered by the London School of Economics and King's College London.

</doc>
<doc id="18317571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317571" title="Óscar Héctor Quintabani">
Óscar Héctor Quintabani

Óscar Héctor Quintabani (born June 4, 1950 in Buenos Aires) is an Colombo-Argentine football manager, and former goalkeeper.
Career.
Quintabani began his playing career in the River Plate youth system, although he never made his breakthrough into the first team. He went on to play for Argentinos Juniors before continuing his career in Colombia with Once Caldas, Deportes Tolima, and Deportivo Pereira.
After retiring as a player Quintabani took up coaching. He was manager of Deportivo Pereira, Deportes Quindío and Cortuluá in Colombia, then Deportivo Quito in Ecuador.
In 2006 he was appointed manager of Deportivo Pasto, he led the team to their first ever Colombian league championship in the Apertura 2006 championship. He then signed for Atlético Nacional where he won back-to-back championships in the Apertura and Clausura 2007 tournaments.
In May 2008 he quit as manager of Nacional to take over at Millonarios.

</doc>
<doc id="18317576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317576" title="Alaska Native art">
Alaska Native art

Alaska Native cultures are rich and diverse, and their art forms are magnificent representations of their history, skills, tradition, adaptation, and nearly twenty thousand years of continuous life in some of the most remote places on earth. Yet these art forms are largely unseen and unknown outside the state of Alaska, due to distance from the art markets of the world. Therefore the artists have not received the recognition one would expect for work of this quality.
History.
Historically, "art" as a decorative concept did not traditionally exist among these indigenous people. Objects were utilitarian, although decorated in ways that conveyed images of spiritual or physical activity. It was not until Europeans and Asians first made contact with the indigenous people of coastal Alaska in the 17th century that such non-utilitarian art objects began to be traded in exchange for metal implements, cloth, and foodstuffs such as tea, flour, or sugar.
Many objects traded were valued for their functionality: clothing woven of grass, harpoon tips carved from the ivory tusk of the walrus; rainproof outerwear sewn from membranes in the intestines of seals; and animal skins valued for their warmth and durability. Gradually, these items were refined to be more decorative, as a way to increase their value in trade. For example, a walrus tusk might be etched with many hunting scenes depicting life of the coastal people; later, this technique would come to be known as "scrimshaw" when brought back to New England on whaling ships. Elaborate patterns in beadwork were designed as the beads themselves arrived through trade; Regalia of all types used for ceremonial purposes – masks, woven clothing, hats, dance fans – all became souvenirs for the whalers and explorers of the 17th, 18th and 19th centuries. Even the towering totem poles from Southeastern Alaska found their way back to the East Coast of the United States, where they formed the basis of many museum collections.
While the art forms were and still are as different as the cultures of the Native people who made them – Athabascan Indians of the vast Interior, Inupiaq of the Northwestern Arctic coasts; Yupik and St. Lawrence Island Yupik of the Bering Sea coast; Aleuts and Alutiiq people from the Aleutian islands; and the Tlingit, Haida and Tsimshian Indians often known as Northwest Coastal tribes – they commonly evoke references to living in harmony with nature and all its many creatures. No part of an animal hunted, fished or trapped could be wasted, for example, so one might see boots or "mukluks" made of bearded seal skin for soles, salmon skin for the outer layer, and straps of caribou or deerskin, perhaps even dyed with berries. As Native people lived off the land and the sea, their relationships to a particular place could always be seen in their objects in both physical and metaphorical terms. As traditions evolved through more "westernization" with Russian America in the 17th century and Territorial Alaska beginning in 1867 and finally the creation of Alaska as our 49th State in 1959, so did their art forms.
All are continually evolving, blurring the distinction between what an art critic today might want to categorize as "traditional" versus "contemporary" Native art. And contemporary, international art values have a place in Native Alaska art. Wall-size paintings, three-dimensional mobiles, life-size bronze castings and marble sculptures, to name just a few categories, fill galleries alongside bears carved from whalebones, cribbage boards honed from full-length walrus tusks, fine jewelry etched of copper and silvers; Nephrite jade and musk ox horn polished into bracelets, bentwood boxes carved from coastal white cedar trees; and baskets of infinite shapes and designs, from birch bark or woven spruce root, beach grasses or the baleen from a bowhead whale, all intricately woven and shaped into vessels of all sizes.
Specific tribes and their art forms.
The Inupiat tribes create useful tools such as bows, arrows, harpoons, float discs, snow beaters, boot sole creasers, skin scrapers, fat removers, spoons, handles, rope, belts and other clothing from materials they find locally. These materials include fish skin, caribou hide, polar bear fur, whale baleen, old ivory and seal (all parts of each animal are normally used somehow for tool-making if not consumed). Masks were often made for ceremonial purposes, bringing the people, animals and spirits together in one being. Traditionally sculptures are not made for decoration, but as "good luck amulets" for hunting, or sometimes they are toys for small children. Objects are often colored with charcoal and then a layer of fish oil was also applied to assure it does not rub off. Although contemporary commercial paints are commonly used today. Mukluks (shoes) and parkas (jackets) were sewn by the women out of animal hides and were generally only elaborately decorated for ceremonies. This art form is called "skin-sewing."
The Yup'ik tribes traditionally decorate most all of their tools, even ones that perform smaller functions. One of their most popular forms of art are masks, which are generally made of wood and range in size from a few inches tall to several pounds in weight. They most often create masks for ceremonies but the masks are traditionally destroyed after being used. These masks are used to bring the person wearing it luck and good fortune in hunts. Masks are the result of multiple persons efforts, sometimes created by one in mind but physically created by another
The Tlingit tribes' artwork is also frequently functional. Their artwork often consists of clothing and carvings, including canoes and totem poles, which are still well-recognized today. The tools generally used for carving ares knives, traditionally made of shell, stone or bone, depending on the artist and what its purpose. The materials that are carved were bone of sheep or goat, and most often wood. Many types of wood are found in the southeastern panhandle of Alaska; some major species include cedar (both yellow and red) for totems and canoes, and finally, alder is used in making dishes and utensils for eating since that wood does not impart its taste onto food. Totem poles always tell a story, since the Tlingit culture traditional is an oral culture with minimal written history. Each animal on a totem pole represent family crests or tells a specific story.
Today.
With the advent of the internet, all of these art forms can now be seen and appreciated from anywhere. The Alaska Native Arts Foundation, a non-profit organization, is dedicated to supporting Native artists and their subsistence lifestyles based on living in harmony with the environment. The University of Alaska, Fairbanks has a Native art program, created in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="18317602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317602" title="Mobolaji Akiode">
Mobolaji Akiode

Mobolaji Akiode is a Nigerian women's basketball player. 
A member of the Nigeria women's national basketball team at the 2004 Summer Olympics and 2006 Commonwealth Games, Akiode is a graduate of Fordham University. At Fordham, Akiode won all-conference honors in her senior year and was the eighth Fordham player to record 1,000 points and 500 rebounds in her career. She also earned a tryout with the WNBA's Detroit Shock following her collegiate career.

</doc>
<doc id="18317607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317607" title="Ma'ale Hever">
Ma'ale Hever

Ma'ale Hever () or Pnei Hever (), at an elevation of 810 metres, is a Religious Israeli settlement. The village is located in the eastern Hebron hills in the West Bank, east of Hebron and within the municipal jurisdiction of the Har Hebron Regional Council. The village, home to over fifty families, is named after the nearby Hever Stream. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
Ma'ale Hever was established as "Nahal Yakin" on January 31, 1982 (7th of Shvat, 5742) as a pioneer Nahal military outpost and demilitarized when turned over to eleven families shortly thereafter on August 24, 1983 (15th of Elul, 5743). In its early years, the only route leading to the village passed through Bani Na'im, a city now part of the Palestinian National Authority.
The community rabbi is Rabbi Chaim Klein.
Assaf Ramon, son of Israeli Astronaut Ilan Ramon who was aboard the fatal mission Columbia when the space shuttle exploded, was killed when the F-16 he was flying crashed in the vicinity of Pnei Hever. 

</doc>
<doc id="18317617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317617" title="Cosmic Couriers">
Cosmic Couriers

Cosmic Couriers (also known as Cosmic Music, Kosmische Musik and Kosmische Kuriere) was a German experimental/space-rock label set up by Rolf-Ulrich Kaiser in 1973 following his association with Ohr and Pilz. A number of influential records in the Krautrock genre were released on Cosmic Couriers, including Klaus Schulze's 'Cyborg' and Ash Ra Tempel/Timothy Leary's 'Seven Up'.
Cosmic Couriers released many important Krautrock titles by artists including Klaus Schulze, Ash Ra Tempel, Manuel Göttsching, Wallenstein, Popol Vuh, and others, including Walter Wegmüller's 'Tarot'. However Kaiser got into trouble when he started releasing albums under the name of the Cosmic Jokers, a supergroup made up of artists who did not even realise they were participating in such a project: Kaiser had taken recordings of informal jams by various artists from the label and had released them under the Cosmic Jokers name without their knowledge. The musicians affected - and in particular Klaus Schulze - were far from impressed with Kaiser's release of this material and took legal action. As a result of this and his involvement with Timothy Leary, Kaiser's contracts with his bands were voided by the German courts thus spelling the end for the Kosmische Musik label.

</doc>
<doc id="18317626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317626" title="List of middle schools in Hawaii">
List of middle schools in Hawaii

This is a list of middle schools in the U.S. state of Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="18317644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317644" title="List of elementary schools in Hawaii">
List of elementary schools in Hawaii

This is a list of elementary schools in the U.S. state of Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="18317661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317661" title="Uyama Hisakane">
Uyama Hisakane


</doc>
<doc id="18317662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317662" title="Steamburg, New York">
Steamburg, New York

Steamburg is a hamlet in the town of Coldspring in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States. The community is located at the eastern terminus of New York State Route 394, at I-86 exit 17. Also converging on the hamlet is New York State Reference Route 950A (West Bank Perimeter Road, a.k.a. Onoville Road), which approaches from the south, and Cattaraugus County Route 10, which approaches from the north.
Steamburg, much like a few other communities in the region, has no incorporated government and is not recognized by the U.S. Census Bureau, but it is noted on road signs and has its own phone exchange (716-354) and ZIP code (14783), both of which extend well beyond the hamlet proper and cover the town of Coldspring and the surrounding areas.
Steamburg acts as the western gateway to the Allegany Indian Reservation; as such, a few tax-free gasoline and cigarette shops can be found in the area. The Seneca Transit Service's bus service ends in Steamburg. The government of the town of Coldspring is also situated in Steamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18317665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317665" title="China Education Television">
China Education Television

China Education Television (ETV) () is an educational TV station in the People's Republic of China. Its first broadcast was on October 1, 1986.Its function is to provide Chinese people with educational programmes,just like PBS in US or NHK Educational TV in Japan.
History.
The network was founded on October 1, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18317676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317676" title="Sís River">
Sís River

The Río Sis is a river in Southwest Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre range, on the slopes of the Santo Tomás and Zunil volcanoes in the department of Suchitepéquez. It flows southwards through the municipalities of San Francisco Zapotitlán, Cuyotenango, San Lorenzo and Mazatenango and joins the Icán River which flows into the Pacific Ocean.
The Sís - Icán river basin covers a territory of 919 km2.

</doc>
<doc id="18317689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317689" title="List of Seattle Mariners managers">
List of Seattle Mariners managers

There have been 19 managers in the history of the Seattle Mariners Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise. The Mariners franchise was formed in 1977 as a member of the American League. Darrell Johnson was hired as the first Mariners manager, serving for just over three seasons before being replaced during the 1980 season. In terms of tenure, Lou Piniella has managed more games and seasons than any other coach in their franchise history. He managed the Mariners to four playoff berths (1995, 1997, 2000 and 2001), led the team to the American League Championship Series in 1995, 2000 and 2001, and won the Manager of the Year award in 1995 and 2001. Piniella is the only manager in Mariners history to lead a team into the playoffs, with one of those times after a 116-win season, tying the record for most wins in a season. None of the previous managers had made it to the playoffs before. Piniella, however, managed the team in 34 playoff games, winning 15, and losing 19. Dick Williams is the only Mariners manager to have been inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame.
There have been nine interim managers in Mariners history. In 1980, manager Darrell Johnson was replaced by Maury Wills. In 1981, manager Rene Lachemann replaced Maury Wills. In 1983, Lachemann was relieved by Del Crandall. Crandall did not last a full season either, as Chuck Cottier took over his job in 1984. By 1986, Cottier was replaced with a temporary manager, Marty Martinez. After one game, the Mariners found Dick Williams to take over the role of manager. He in turn was replaced by Jim Snyder in 1988. In 2007, manager Mike Hargrove resigned in a surprise move amidst a winning streak, citing increased difficulty in putting forth the same effort he demanded of his players. Hargrove was replaced with bench coach John McLaren midseason. A year later, in 2008, the Mariners front office decided McLaren was not performing by their standards, and was fired and replaced by interim manager Jim Riggleman. New general manager Jack Zduriencik hired Don Wakamatsu as skipper for the 2009 season; after finishing the season with a .525 winning percentage, the team's poor performance coupled with off-field issues led to Wakamatsu's firing on August 9, 2010. Daren Brown, who was the manager of the Mariners' Triple-A affiliate, the Tacoma Rainiers, managed the Mariners for the remainder of the 2010 season. Eric Wedge was hired to manage the team for the 2011 to 2013 seasons. Lloyd McClendon was hired as the Mariners' current manager on November 7, 2013. 
Key.
</noinclude>
"Statistics are accurate through the end of the 2009 MLB season."

</doc>
<doc id="18317698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317698" title="Run for Your Life (Bucks Fizz song)">
Run for Your Life (Bucks Fizz song)

"Run for Your Life" is a 1983 single by UK pop group Bucks Fizz. It was written by Andy Hill and Ian Bairnson and became the group's eighth consecutive top 20 hit in the UK. It featured on the group's third album "Hand Cut".
Overview.
Song information.
"Run for Your Life" was written by the group's regular songwriter Andy Hill and Ian Bairnson, who was a prolific session guitarist and had worked with Bucks Fizz many times. It was also produced by Hill. The song's lyrics talk about feelings of paranoia and insecurity. Lead vocals are shared by members Mike Nolan and Bobby G in the verses, while the whole group sing the bridge and chorus.
The song was the opening track on the group's third album, "Hand Cut", which was released the same month. The single was released on 7" vinyl and a special 10" picture disc. The B-side was "Shot Me Through the Heart", which also featured on the "Hand Cut" album. Around this time, the group filmed a BBC television special, "Live at Blazers", to promote the album and closed with this song. They also embarked on a UK tour, comprising 25 dates during March and April, finishing with two nights at the Dominion Theatre in London.
In 2008, a new extended version of this song was produced and included on the group's album, "The Lost Masters 2 - The Final Cut".
Promotional video.
The promotional video for the song is set at an old manor house where an old man (presumably the caretaker) appears and then vanishes out of sight. An owl also appears throughout the video. Bucks Fizz arrive in a car (driven by Aston) and then enter the house to find it deserted. On opening a door, they find themselves in a white void, where their clothes change from everyday wear to orange and black leather outfits. During these sequences they perform the song and dance routine to the camera. They later flee the house with the suggestion it is haunted.
Reception.
Critical reception for the song was, as always, mixed. "NME" gave the single a particularly good review, complimenting the production among other things. "Record Mirror", however, said that it was not an original sound for the group and seemed to be a copy of earlier hit "My Camera Never Lies". The same magazine complimented the group the same month though when reviewing "I'm Never Giving Up" by Sweet Dreams by saying "at least Bucks Fizz now make exceedingly good music". "Smash Hits" criticised the song for being too cluttered.
"Run for Your Life" became a hit in the UK, entering the chart on 12 March 1983. It was the highest new entry of the week at No.31. It rose to No.21 the following week, and then to its peak of No.14 on 26 March. The song then dropped down the chart, remaining there for a total of seven weeks. It was the group's eighth consecutive top 20 hit. In Ireland, the song peaked even higher, reaching the top 10 at No.8. No chart positions for other countries are available.
Track listing.
7" and 10" Vinyl

</doc>
<doc id="18317701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317701" title="List of U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School alumni">
List of U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School alumni

The United States Air Force Test Pilot School (TPS) graduated the following notable alumni who made significant contributions to the aerospace field. The school's mission is to produce experimental test pilots, flight test engineers, and flight test navigators to lead and conduct test and evaluation of aerospace weapon systems. The school was established on September 9, 1944 as the Flight Test Training Unit at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base (AFB) in Dayton, Ohio. To take advantage of the uncongested skies and superb flying weather, the school was moved on February 4, 1951 to its present location at Edwards Air Force Base in the Mojave Desert of Southern California. Edwards AFB is the home of the Air Force Flight Test Center and has been an integral part of flight testing for over fifty years. 
Between 1962 and 1972, the Test Pilot School expanded its role to include astronaut training for military test pilots. Thirty-seven TPS graduates of this era were selected for the U.S. space program, and twenty-six went on to earn astronaut's wings by flying in the X-15, Gemini, Apollo, and Space Shuttle programs. Although the school no longer trains astronauts, many TPS graduates since 1972 have been selected by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) for duties in space. The school encourages applications from civilians, personnel from other U.S. military services, and individuals from foreign countries. An exchange program allows selected students to attend other test pilot schools including the United States Naval Test Pilot School, the United Kingdom's Empire Test Pilots' School, and France's EPNER.
List of famous alumni.
The following graduates of the USAF Test Pilot School are listed in the roles for which they are most notable. These roles include:

</doc>
<doc id="18317710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317710" title="The Canal">
The Canal

The Saintes Maries de la Mer Speed Canal, known to windsurfers as The Canal, is a man-made trench near the French Mediterranean coastal town Saintes Maries de la Mer, built especially for speed record breaking sailing by windsurfers.
The Canal, also called The French Trench by the English-speaking community of Windsurfers, is 1,100 metres long and 30 metres wide, in a West-Northwest/East-Southeast orientation planned to take advantage of the Marin and Mistral winds that blow in that location.
Three consecutive Outright Speed Sailing Records, measured on a 500 metre course, were set on The Canal by windsurfers in 2004, 2005 and 2008:
In October 2008, The Canal's leading position on the world sailing map was taken by the Lüderitz Speed Challenge in Namibia, when the "holy grail" 50-knot barrier of speed sailing was first broken by a kitesurfer.

</doc>
<doc id="18317712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317712" title="Guillaume du Tillot">
Guillaume du Tillot

Léon Guillaume (du) Tillot (Bayonne, 22 May 1711 — Paris, 1774) was a French politician infused with liberal ideals of the Enlightenment, who from 1759 was the minister of the Duchy of Parma under Philip, Duke of Parma and his wife Princess Louise-Élisabeth of France. At a time when both Bourbon France and Bourbon Spain thought of Parma as a strategic point of interest, Tillot favoured French policies abroad and wide-ranging reforms within the Duchy of Parma. He was made marchese di Felino.
Tillot's career was of his own making. The son of a "valet de chambre", he studied at the Collège des Quatre-Nations at Paris, then went to the court of Charles III of Spain; after Charles' departure to be King of Sicily, Tillot was attached to the household of Philippe de Bourbon, whose private secretary and treasurer he became. He organised "fêtes" for Philippe at Chambéry and elsewhere. 
Career at Parma.
In June 1749, at Louis XV's request he left Paris for Parma, to serve as observer and councillor to Philippe, Louis's son-in-law, who was made Duke of Parma under terms of the Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle (1748). The Duke immediately named him (29 June 1749), minister of finance ("intendant général du coffre") conferring upon Tillot responsibilities for court spending, paymaster of salaries, overseer of the palaces, gardens, court theatre, spectacles and festivities. 
In this role, Tillot promoted all forms of French musical theater at the court. He commissioned the "reform opera" "Ippolito ed Aricia" from Tommaso Traetta with a libretto based upon Abbé Simon-Joseph Pellegrin's libretto for Rameau's earlier opera "Hippolyte et Aricie", which was in turn based on Racine's tragedy "Phèdre". The opera premiered at the Teatro Ducale in Parma on 9 May 1759, and is still sometimes mounted.
Tillot's capabilities were soon rewarded with the position of minister of public finance, and then of first minister. His ministry, modernizing and liberalizing the Duchy's official functions, helped boost its economy. On 20 June 1764, Tillot was made marchese di Felino, receiving its lands as well as those of San Michele Tiorre.
Tillot, like a latter-day Colbert, reorganized Parmesan luxury productions: gloves, velvet and other fine textiles, and featherdressing. He enticed from France and Switzerland masterworkers in these crafts, to teach their arts locally. Out of the Ducal purse, he conceded tax relief, patronage and financial support for the new industries, and offered state pensions for craftsmen who had taken on apprentices in Parma. In agriculture, partly in response to the famine years of 1763-67, which devastated the Mezzogiorno and were felt in the North, he encouraged cultivation of the potato, still a novelty in Europe. For the better flow of people and goods, he improved roads and bridges, canalised waterways and liberalised importation and exportation. In these undertakings he was aided by the longest period of peace Italy had known. 
Tillot placed his influence with the Bourbon courts of France, Spain and Naples, in reducing antiquated ecclesiastical privileges, even the freedom from taxation of properties of the Church. The Roman Inquisition was abolished in the territories of Parma, and some decayed monasteries were secularised. Pope Clement XIII condemned the expulsion of the Jesuits from Parma (8 February 1768). 
Along with the reorganisation of the ducal library, Tillot assembled his private one, in which the works of the Encyclopédistes and the "Encyclopédie" were to be found. Tillot instituted an Académie des Beaux Arts, a museum of Antiquities, a ducal printing-press, which produced the "Gazzetta di Parma". He reorganised the University of Parma, one of Europe's oldest, from its somnolence; for a brief spell it ranked among the progressive universities of Italy, with Milan, Pavia and Modena. 
Around Tillot an Enlightened circle gathered: Condillac, Paolo Maria Paciaudi, the typographer and publisher Giambattista Bodoni, the sculptor Jean Baptiste Boudard, and Tillot's guest at the court of Parma, the architect Ennemond Alexandre Petitot, who arrived in 1753 and provided designs for the renovated face of Parma. Petitot modified the facade of the church of San Pietro, rebuilt the governor's palace, and carried out interior remodelling in the Palazzo della Riserva, the Stradone, and the ducal Palazzo del Giardino, laid out in the French manner with sculptures by Boudard. Petitot survived Tillot's disgrace, took over Tillot's early employment as master of ceremonies and remained court architect at Parma until his death in 1801.
In 1756, Tillot invited to court Guillaume Rouby de Cals, whom he employed first in the financial administration, then as his personal secretary and aide. Rouby de Cals directed the first manufactory of military cloth in Parma, in Borgo San Donnino, now Fidenza.
The fall of Tillot.
With the accession to the Duchy of the somewhat simple Ferdinand, Duke of Parma (1751 - 1802) and his Habsburg Duchess, Archduchess Marie Amalie of Austria, an alliance that had been organised by her mother, Maria Theresa, Tillot was soon cashiered, in spite of protests from France and Spain. He had made deep political enemies in the Church, and the new Duchess effected a shift away from Bourbon influences towards conservative Austria, though his replacement, Jose de Llano, was Spanish. Tillot was confined under house arrest to his properties at Colorno. He fled on 19 November 1771, intending to reach Spain, but ended his days in retirement in France, where he died in 1774.
The classic biography is U. Benassi, "Guglielmo du Tillot: Un ministro riformatore del secolo XVIII" (Parma, 1915).

</doc>
<doc id="18317713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317713" title="Joel Rechlicz">
Joel Rechlicz

Joel Rechlicz (born June 14, 1987) is an American professional ice hockey player. He is signed with the Washington Capitals organization of the National Hockey League (NHL). Rechlicz is well known for playing the enforcer role and because of that he has earned himself the nickname "Wrecker" from many fans. He is billed as a tough as nails type of player. By signing a 3 year entry level contract with the New York Islanders in May 2008, Rechlicz became the first player from the reestablished but now defunct International Hockey League to play a game in the National Hockey League. Along with the Islanders, he has also played with the Washington Capitals.
Playing career.
Before embarking on junior hockey, Joel played high school hockey for Brookfield, WI. From there, at the age of 16, he went on to play for the St. Paul Lakers in the Minnesota Junior Hockey League. From there the climb up the hockey ladder started. He played short stints in the Western States Hockey League and the North American Hockey League, for the Santa Fe Roadrunners. He then moved onto the Northern Michigan Black Bears of the Northern Ontario Junior Hockey League for a season and a half. He had brief stops with the Des Moines Buccaneers and Indiana Ice of the USHL in 05-06. He got his first taste of major junior hockey with a brief call up to the Gatineau Olympiques of the QMJHL.
Rechlicz played major junior hockey for the Chicoutimi Saguenéens of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL) at age 19. He then finished the season with the Sagueneens and after the completion of the junior season, Rechlicz made his professional debut with the Chicago Hounds of the UHL. He played two games with the Chicago Hounds in 06-07 and then began the 07-08 season with the Kalamazoo Wings of the newly created International Hockey League. Although he received little ice time during his 25-game stint with Kalamazoo, Rechlicz received a call-up from the Albany River Rats of the American Hockey League. 
Before the 08-09 season, Rechlicz signed a 3 year entry-level contract with the New York Islanders. On March 5, 2009, Rechlicz made his NHL debut with the New York Islanders, recording an assist in the game. That same year Rechlicz played 17 games in the NHL from going to the ECHL to the NHL in a very short amount of time. During the 2009-10 season, Rechlicz made the Islanders out of training camp and started the year in the NHL. Shortly after he was assigned to the Bridgeport Sound Tigers for more playing time.
On July 13, 2010, Rechlicz had an agreement with the Islanders for a mutual release of his contract for reasons unknown and was put on Unconditional waivers by the Islanders, his last year of his NHL contract was terminated and he became an unrestricted free agent after he cleared waivers on July 14, 2010. On July 29, 2010, Rechlicz without an NHL offer, signed a one-year AHL deal with the Hershey Bears despite appearing in only 28 games with the Bears, Rechlicz was signed to a one-year extension for the 2011-12 season on July 29, 2011. After signing with NHL affiliate, the Washington Capitals midway through the season, on February 3, 2012, after three games the Washington placed Joel Rechlicz on waivers, and he was sent down to return to the Bears after he cleared waivers on February 4, 2012.
On July 12, 2012, Rechlicz signed as a free agent to a one-year, two-way contract with the Phoenix Coyotes. During the 2012–13 season, On April 2, 2013, the Coyotes traded him to return to the Washington Capitals in exchange for forward Matt Clackson.

</doc>
<doc id="18317782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317782" title="Carolyn See">
Carolyn See

Carolyn See (born Carolyn Penelope Laws; January 13, 1934) is an adjunct professor of English at the University of California, Los Angeles, and the author of nine books, including the memoir, "Dreaming: Hard Luck and Good Times in America", an advice book on writing, "Making a Literary Life", and the novels "There Will Never Be Another You" and "The Handyman."
See earned her associate degree from Los Angeles City College and her M.A. from California State University, Los Angeles. See dropped out of graduate school at UCLA to marry and move to Newfoundland, but eventually returned to earn her PhD. As a young woman and single mother, she earned money by testifying for the defense in pornography trials, leading to the successful book "Blue Money: Pornography and the Pornographers". Having previously worked as a waitress and a teaching assistant, See's first teaching job was as a professor of English at Loyola Marymount University from 1975 until 1985. This was followed by a period as a visiting professor of English at her alma mater, UCLA, from 1986 to 1989, where she would later become an adjunct professor.
She is a frequent book reviewer for "The Washington Post", having previously been a book reviewer for the "Los Angeles Times" and "Newsday", and she has been on the boards of the National Book Critics Circle and PENWest International. She has won both the Guggenheim Fellowship and the Getty Center fellowship. She lives in Pacific Palisades, California.
See has also written books under the pen name Monica Highland, a name she shared with two others, her daughter Lisa See and her longtime companion, John Espey, who died in 2000.
See is known for writing novels set in Los Angeles and has co-edited books that revolve around the city, including a book of short stories, "LA Shorts", and the pictorial books "Santa Monica Bay: Paradise by the Sea : A Pictorial History of Santa Monica, Venice, Marina Del Rey, Ocean Park, Pacific Palisades, Topanga & Malibu", and "The California Pop-Up Book", which celebrates the city's unique architecture. See is also a feminist, and has said of Betty Friedan's "The Feminine Mystique", "I was one of the persons whose lives that book changed."

</doc>
<doc id="18317788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317788" title="State Oil Company v. Khan">
State Oil Company v. Khan

State Oil Co. v. Khan, 522 U.S. 3 (1997), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which held that "not all vertical maximum price fixing is per se lawful, but simply that it should be evaluated under the rule of reason, which can effectively identify those situations in which it amounts to anticompetitive conduct." It thereby overruled a previous Supreme Court decision, "Albrecht v. Herald Co." (1968).
Background.
The 1968 decision in "Albrecht v. Herald Co." held that wholesalers could not require franchisees and retailers of their products to sell items at a certain price. Advertisements regarding sales, therefore, always included the language "available at participating retailers only."
The case before the court in 1997 involved a gasoline wholesaler and Chicago service station. State Oil Co. attempted to force the gasoline station owner, Barkat Khan, to sell State Oil's product at certain prices. Khan resisted and filed suit, claiming a violation of anti-trust law.
Khan won his case in the United States Court of Appeals in Chicago, presided over by Judge Richard Posner. Posner, however, mocked the Supreme Court's 1968 ruling on the matter in his decision, calling it "unsound when decided," "moth-eaten," and "increasingly wobbly" in application. Posner nevertheless abided by the Supreme Court's earlier decision, saying that it was the law until the Court overruled it.
Decision.
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor wrote the unanimous opinion for the Court, overturning the previous case. She wrote that she agreed with Posner: "Chief Judge Posner aptly described "Albrecht"'s infirmities." Although she noted that the Court was cautious in overturning precedents, the "great weight" of scholarly opinion had held that the Court's 1968 decision was incorrect.

</doc>
<doc id="18317806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317806" title="Cat's cradle (disambiguation)">
Cat's cradle (disambiguation)

Cat's cradle is a well-known series of string figures.
Cat's cradle may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18317814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317814" title="Rock Island (Trinidad and Tobago)">
Rock Island (Trinidad and Tobago)

Rock Island is a small island in Trinidad and Tobago, part of the "Five Islands" group of islands. It is located in the Gulf of Paria, approximately 2 kilometres off the main island of Trinidad from Point Gourde. Of the "Five Islands", which are actually made up of six different islands, Rock is the second smallest (after Craig Island) and the most western of the group.
Characteristics.
Rock was named after its physical characteristics, due its small size and sparse vegetation. The island is very small, no more than 50 metres in length and 30 metres in breadth at its widest point. The island, as with the other Five Islands, is made up primarily of limestone, as the islands were geologically formed by a raised coral reef. Today the island is uninhabited, with remnants of its last use as a quarantine depot being reclaimed by trees.
History.
During Trinidad and Tobago time as a Spanish colony up until 1818, the island was not believed to be inhabited. Its first documented usage was its leasing to wealthy private citizens by the Government in the early 19th century for use as a holiday home. It was first leased to T.F. Johnston who subsequently sold it to Doctor R. Mercer. Dr. Mercer then gave the lease as a present to Master Thomas Laughlin. During these times, a house was built on the island and rented out to the public. By 1888, the island was being used as a quarantine depot for first-class passengers of ships that may have highly contagious diseases. A flagpole was placed on the island, which when raised with a yellow flag warned that the inhabitant(s) had a certifiable contagious disease, which barred public communication with the island.

</doc>
<doc id="18317836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317836" title="Linden Place">
Linden Place

Linden Place is a historic house museum in Bristol, Rhode Island that was home to the Colts and DeWolfs, two of the largest slave trading families in the United States.
The house was built in 1810 by Russell Warren for the seafarer and general, George DeWolf. It was prominently featured in Traces of the Trade, a 2007 documentary about the DeWolf family, and was also a filming location for the 1974 movie "The Great Gatsby".

</doc>
<doc id="18317837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317837" title="Uemura Masakatsu">
Uemura Masakatsu

Masakatsu was a cousin of the Uemura family which ruled the Takatori Domain.

</doc>
<doc id="18317845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317845" title="Backwoods Barbie Tour">
Backwoods Barbie Tour

The Backwoods Barbie Tour was the ninth headlining concert tour by American recording artist, Dolly Parton. Visiting the United States, Northern Europe and Canada, the tour supported her 40th studio album, "Backwoods Barbie". The tour was well received by critics and spectators alike, earning more than nine million dollars in 2008. The European leg of the tour was the most successful outing of Parton's touring history, performing for 170,000 spectators in the United Kingdom, Sweden, Denmark, Norway and the Netherlands. The tour was expected to reach Australia as well but this did not come to fruition.
Background.
After completing her previous trek, Parton focused on the upcoming musical "9 to 5: The Musical" and recording her next album. The singer also started her own independent record label after being told she was "too old" for mainstream music. While promoting the song, "Better Get to Livin'", Parton announced her upcoming tour. The first dates revealed in Los Angeles, New York City and Chicago served as rehearsal shows before Parton played in arenas, theatres, amphitheatres and stadiums in North America and Northern Europe. The tour was set to run from February to June, however, it was expanded several times to meet public demand.
To introduce the tour, Parton remarked:"I had this product that I wanted to sell. It was my performing. I try to think of it as the music business, and you can't just throw it out to anyone and then move on to a new product. So I got involved. God created me, but he gave me the go-ahead to do what I could with it."
Before the tour began, Parton positioned the first round of dates in the United States due to back issues. The singer poked fun at her condition saying, "I know I have been breaking my neck and bending over backwards trying to get my new 'Backwoods Barbie' CD and world tour together, but I didn't mean to hurt myself doing it, But hey, you try wagging these puppies around a while and see if you don't have back problems. Seriously though, the doctors said I will be good as new in a few weeks, and I can't wait to get back out there." The tour began in March instead of early February. After her rehearsal dates, the tour officially commenced on April 22, 2008 at the Benedum Center for the Performing Arts in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Death rumor.
After Parton finished her European leg, rumors circulated the Internet of her death. It was believed this rumor began at a high school football game (in Tennessee) as the crowd gave a moment of silence for her death. FOX News later reported the singer died in early August of congestive heart failure at the Fort Sanders Sevier Medical Center. Parton and her manager dispelled this rumor, stating the singer was "alive and well", although Parton joked she nearly had a heart attack upon hearing the news of her death, but laughed it off.
Broadcasts and recordings.
The concerts at The O2 Arena in London were filmed for a concert special and DVD release. The concert special, "Dolly: Live in London O2 Arena", aired on PBS in conduction with their summer pledge drive. The concert was later released as a CD/DVD package titled, "Dolly: Live from London". Parton released the live version of "Here You Come Again" to promote the package.
Critical reception.
Overall, the majority of feedback from music critics was favorable for the tour. Ben Ratliff "(The New York Times)" describes Parton's performance at the Radio City Music Hall as nothing short of uplifting. He further comments, Between the songs and her nonstop patter — she is an assassin of dead air — the show was a seminar on the peril of accepting received wisdom, whether the subject was drag queens, the rural poor, working stiffs, politicians, Pentecostalists, young media stars or bosomy women. She granted pretty much everybody a complex interior life, and the power of independent thought. For the same concert, Mandi Bierly "(Entertainment Weekly)" felt the highlight of the show was Parton's banter. She elaborates, "I never leave a rhinestone unturned," she said, heading to her studded white piano. And, as the headline states, she’s got the best stage banter in the business. She’s sufficiently quippy, but also shares her life story. After the jump, some of her greatest hits. 
During the European leg, the reviews commended Parton's stage personality and interaction with the audience. Edwin McFee "(The Belfast Telegraph)" thought Parton's concert at the Odyssey Arena proved her star power. He pens, She sings, she dances, she plays no less than six musical instruments and she also tells us stories of her childhood as if we were the first ones to hear them, though Dolly fanatics have probably heard them a million times before. At times it was actually quite surreal listening to evergreen anthems such as Jolene performed with as much passion as if they were recorded only yesterday, and in many ways her show was a masterclass in traditional old school musical theatre. David Sinclair "(The Times)" found the concert at the Scottish Exhibition and Conference Centre to be "all about the music". He writes, But, in the end, it all came back to the songs. Here she insisted was where the essence of her personality could always be found. 'I might look artificial/ But where it counts I’m real,' she sang in the title track of Backwoods Barbie. And in a funny way, she is.
Madeleine Brindley "(Western Mail)" believes Parton's concert at the Cardiff International Arena proved her to be the first lady of country and ewstern the world over. Brindley explains, As last night amply demonstrated Dolly has lost none of her songwriting, or story-telling talents, as almost every number was prefaced by a short story, which gave us the tiniest of glimpses into the thought process which drives this diminutive star. David Smyth "(Evening Standard)" gave the concert at the The O2 Arena four out of five stars. Smyth stated, Tracks representing the jolly country pop of her latest album, the knowingly titled Backwoods Barbie, fitted in well, especially the man-baiting 'Shinola'. It was only when she stopped the gabbing and rolled out hits in quick succession that the crowd rose to its feet and remained there. 'Here You Come Again', 'Islands In The Stream', '9 To 5' and the biggest of the big ballads, 'I Will Always Love You', confirmed that while she weaves a good yarn, it's when Dolly Parton sings that she's really on song.
Returning to the United States, the praise for the tour continued. Annie Zaleski "(Riverfront Times)" writes the performance at the Fabulous Fox Theatre was charming, meeting all expectations. She continues, Also fantastic was the ease with which she transitioned from such seemingly different instruments—all of which were white and covered in rhinestones. For “Thank God I’m a Country Girl,” she flew through fiddle, banjo, and harmonica, all feverishly supplied by her “useful and ornamental” hick Chippendale (Steve Summers) who dosey-doed in shirtless abandon in overalls nearby. Evan Rytlewski "(Shepherd Express)" wrote of Parton's stage persona at her concert at the Riverside Theater, "Parton's hokey facade is a remnant of the old Las Vegas/Grand Ole Opry era of entertainment, and it still dominates her concerts. She spent nearly as much of her performance Monday night sharing stories and cracking jokes as she did singing, proving herself quite the comedian. At 62, she's part-grandmother (she riffed on her poor eyesight and mortality), part-cougar (she ogled a dancing beefcake), and her sharp quips had the audience roaring with laughter."

</doc>
<doc id="18317856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317856" title="Planter's Punch">
Planter's Punch

Planter's Punch is an IBA Official Cocktail made of dark rum, lemon juice, Grenadine syrup and a dash of Angostura bitters.
The cocktail has been said to have originated at the Planters Hotel in Charleston, SC, but the recipe originates in Jamaica. The September 1878 issue of the London magazine "Fun" listed the recipe as follows:
<poem>A wine-glass with lemon juice fill,
Of sugar the same glass fill twice
Then rub them together until
The mixture looks smooth, soft, and nice.
Of rum then three wine glasses add,
And four of cold water please take. A
Drink then you'll have that's not bad—
At least, so they say in Jamaica.</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="18317858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317858" title="Gregory Beroza">
Gregory Beroza

Gregory C. Beroza (born October 10, 1959) is a notable earthquake seismologist and professor of geophysics at Stanford University. He is also the Deputy Director of the Southern California Earthquake Center. He has published numerous articles.

</doc>
<doc id="18317879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317879" title="Bell Station">
Bell Station

Bell Station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18317881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317881" title="From the Inside, Out">
From the Inside, Out

From the Inside, Out is a theatrical piece originally created by Maggie Keenan-Bolger from a series of personal interviews. Dealing primarily with the issue of self-injury in the form of "cutting," the play imparts a larger message about the many ways in which people abuse their bodies and minds as coping mechanisms to deal with daily life.
First performed in 2005 by students at Oberlin College, "From the Inside, Out" was then picked up by 4th Meal Productions and subsequently accepted into The New York International Fringe Festival in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18317883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317883" title="Love on a Two-Way Street">
Love on a Two-Way Street

"Love on a Two-Way Street" is a Soul ballad written by Sylvia Robinson and Bert Keyes in 1968. The song was originally recorded by Lezli Valentine, an artist signed to All Platinum, the record label that Sylvia Robinson co-owned with her husband, Joe. The song was then recorded by The Moments, an R&B vocal group signed to All Platinum subsidiary Stang Records, as filler for their 1968 album "Not on the Outside, But on the Inside, Strong!". Sylvia and Joe decided to release the song as a single in March 1970 and it went on to become one of the biggest R&B hits of that year, spending five weeks at number one on Billboard's Soul Singles chart and reaching number three on the Hot 100 chart. It was also certified gold by the RIAA for sales of one million copies. Willie and The Mighty Magnificents provided most of the musical backing on the song and Burt Keyes created the string arrangement that was overdubbed onto the track while also playing piano on the recording session.
In 1981, Cotillion Records artist Stacy Lattisaw recorded and released her own version of the song and it too was a chart success in the U.S., peaking at number two R&B and number twenty six on the Hot 100. The song was also covered by Gloria Estefan for her 1994 album, "Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me". Covered by Boz Scaggs on his 2013 album, Memphis.
According to the song's original vocalist, Lezli Valentine, she was a third contributor to the song writing most of the song's lyrics:
The Moments' version of the song has been sampled by The AB's formally known as Asamov in 2005 for the song "Supa Dynamite," by Caribou in the track "Supotnik" from 2005's The Milk of Human Kindness, and by Jay-Z and Alicia Keys' single "Empire State of Mind" in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18317903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317903" title="Memory model (programming)">
Memory model (programming)

In computing, a memory model describes the interactions of threads through memory and their shared use of the data.
History and significance.
A memory model allows a compiler to perform many important optimizations. Even simple compiler optimizations like loop fusion move statements in the program, which can influence the order of read and write operations of potentially shared variables. Changes in the ordering of reads and writes can cause race conditions. Without a memory model, a compiler is not allowed to apply such optimizations to multi-threaded programs in general, or only in special cases.
Modern programming languages like Java therefore implement a memory model. The memory model specifies synchronization barriers that are established via special, well-defined synchronization operations such as acquiring a lock by entering a synchronized block or method. The memory model stipulates that changes to the values of shared variables only need to be made visible to other threads when such a synchronization barrier is reached. Moreover, the entire notion of a race condition is entirely defined over the order of operations with respect to these memory barriers.
These semantics then give optimizing compilers a higher degree of freedom when applying optimizations: the compiler needs to make sure only that the values of (potentially shared) variables at synchronization barriers are guaranteed to be the same in both the optimized and unoptimized code. In particular, reordering statements in a block of code that contains no synchronization barrier is assumed to be safe by the compiler.
Most research in the area of memory models revolves around:
The Java Memory Model was the first attempt to provide a comprehensive threading memory model for a popular programming language. Memory model semantics have been standardized in C and C++ since the following revisions the languages C++11 and C11.

</doc>
<doc id="18317919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317919" title="Master of Disguise (album)">
Master of Disguise (album)

Master of Disguise is the first album by American speed metal band Savage Grace, released in 1985.
Track listing.
All songs by Christian Logue

</doc>
<doc id="18317935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317935" title="USS Federal (ID-3657)">
USS Federal (ID-3657)

USS "Federal" (ID 3657) was a freighter acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was completed at the end of the war and supplied Allied troops in Europe with food and horses, and, on return trips to the United States, brought troops back home. After three round transatlantic trips in supporting the troops, she was returned to the U.S. Shipping Board, which eventually sold her in 1937. She then became the British freighter "Federlock" which was captured in 1940 by the Japanese, who renamed the ship the "Hakusan Maru". The ship sailed carrying Japanese cargo until sunk by an American submarine in 1945.
Constructed in New Jersey.
"Federal", a 6868 gross ton (13,130 tons displacement) freighter, was built at Kearny, New Jersey, as part of the World War I shipbuilding effort. Completed on 11 November 1918, the day the Armistice ended the fighting, the new ship was turned over to the Navy and commissioned as USS "Federal" (ID # 3657) on 15 November. She was commissioned the following day, Lieutenant Commander A. W. Pratt, USNRF, in command.
World War I service.
Carrying food and horses to the Allied troops.
Operated by the Naval Overseas Transportation Service, and fitted out to carry horses, she made her maiden round-trip voyage between late November 1918 and late January 1919, carrying cargo, including horses, to France and from there back to the United States. 
In March 1919 "Federal" sailed again with cargo for France and on her return voyage in April brought home over 500 U.S. Army medical personnel. On her third voyage, in May and June 1919, she transported hay and oats to Antwerp, Belgium, for the Northern Food Administration and brought a cargo of steel billets back to New York City.
Post-war decommissioning.
USS "Federal" was decommissioned on 17 June 1919 and returned to the U.S. Shipping Board.
Subsequent ship history.
"Federal" remained in the hands of the U.S. Shipping Board until 1937, then became the British freighter "Federlock". In December 1941, while on time charter to a Japanese ship operator, she was seized by that nation, becoming "Hakusan Maru", and was reportedly lost to a torpedo from the American submarine USS Crevalle on 11 June 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18317966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18317966" title="Unified Team">
Unified Team

Unified Team may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18318096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318096" title="1958 in British music">
1958 in British music

This is a summary of 1958 in music in the United Kingdom, including the official charts from that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18318122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318122" title="George Decker (baseball)">
George Decker (baseball)

George A. Decker (June 1, 1869 in York, Pennsylvania – June 7, 1909 in Patton, California), was a professional baseball player who played outfielder in the Major Leagues from -. He would play for the St. Louis Browns, Chicago Colts, Louisville Colonels, and Washington Senators.

</doc>
<doc id="18318134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318134" title="Pandelis Prevelakis">
Pandelis Prevelakis

Pandelis Prevelakis (, sometimes transliterated Panteles Prevelakes or Panteles Prevelaces; 18 February 1909 – 15 March 1986) was a Greek novelist, poet, dramatist and essayist—one of the leading Greek prose writers of the "1930s Generation". Most of his works are set in Crete.
Biography.
He was born in Rethymno, in Crete, on 18 February 1909. He studied philology in Paris and Thessalonice.
From about 1930 he was a friend and agent of the novelist and poet Nikos Kazantzakis, and eventually wrote a biography of him.
In 1938 he brought out what is probably his best-known work,"The Tale of a Town" or "The Chronicle of a Town" (Το χρονικό μιας Πολιτείας, 1937), a nostalgic depiction of Rethymno from 1898-1924.
From 1939 to 1975 he was a professor of art history in the Academy of Arts, Athens. In 1939 he brought out a historical story, "The Death of the Medici".
After World War II appeared his "Wretched Crete: a chronicle of the rising of 1866" (1945); which was followed by the trilogy, "The Cretan" (1948-1950) (revised edition 1965), which refers to events between 1866 and 1910 and introduces historical characters such as Venizelos. In 1959 he brought out "The Sun of Death", in which a boy comes to terms with human mortality.
He also wrote four plays, all based on historical themes.
Prevelakes died in Athens in March 1986. His grave is in Rethymno, in a churchyard near the top of the hill on Kazantzakis Street. There is a statue of him in front of Rethymno's City Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18318147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318147" title="José Bódalo">
José Bódalo

José Bódalo Zúffoli (March 24, 1916 – July 24, 1985) was an Argentine born Spanish film actor.
Biography.
Bódalo was born in Córdoba, Argentina, the son of actress Eugenia Zúffoli and actor and singer José Bódalo, Sr. He moved to Spain, and he made over 120 film and TV appearances between 1930 and his death in 1985.
From the mid to late 1960s he prolifically appeared in Spaghetti Western films which were often Spanish and Italian co produced. He played the role of General Hugo Rodriguez in the 1966 film "Django" opposite Franco Nero; and also performed in Begin the Beguine, the film that won the 1982 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
He appeared in many comedy or drama films in Spain but also appeared in many television series particularly after 1970 such as "Novela" from 1969–1977 and "Estudio 1" in the early 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18318155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318155" title="Ministry of National Development">
Ministry of National Development

The Ministry of National Development exists in several countries:

</doc>
<doc id="18318221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318221" title="St George Hanover Square">
St George Hanover Square

St George Hanover Square was a civil parish in the metropolitan area of London, England. The creation of the parish accompanied the building of the Church of St George's, Hanover Square, constructed by the Commission for Building Fifty New Churches to meet the demands of the growing population. The parish was formed in 1724 from part of the ancient parish of St Martin in the Fields in the Liberty of Westminster and county of Middlesex. It included some of the most fashionable areas of the West End of London, including Belgravia and Mayfair. Civil parish administration, known as a select vestry, was dominated by members of the British nobility until the parish adopted the Vestries Act 1831. The vestry was reformed again in 1855 by the Metropolis Management Act. In 1889 the parish became part of the County of London and the vestry was abolished in 1900, replaced by Westminster City Council. The parish continued to have nominal existence until 1922. As created, it was a parish for both church and civil purposes, but the boundaries of the ecclesiastical parish were adjusted in 1830, 1835 and 1865.
Creation.
The New Churches in London and Westminster Act 1710 created the Commission for Building Fifty New Churches with the purpose of building new churches to deal with the increasing population. The commission also chose the boundaries of the new parishes and selected suitable persons to be parish officers and vestrymen. Within the parish were some of the most fashionable areas of the West End of London, with an aristocratic population. The select vestry created by the commission included 100 men. Much of the population of the parish was resident for only part of the year. The parish was created in 1724 from part of the ancient parish of St Martin in the Fields. It was within the Liberty of Westminster and the county of Middlesex. The parish vestry therefore had overlapping jurisdiction with the Westminster Court of Burgesses as well as the Westminster and Middlesex sessions.
Geography.
The northern boundary was Bayswater Road and Oxford Street from Lancaster Gate, past Marble Arch, to Oxford Circus. The western boundary was the River Westbourne. The southern boundary was the River Thames. The parish included the part of Hyde Park northeast of the Serpentine and the Mayfair area. To the south it narrowed, including the Belgravia area, Knightsbridge, Victoria Station and Pimlico. Hanover Square was located near to the northeastern boundary. It included within its boundaries the grounds of Buckingham Palace, although the palace itself was in St Martin in the Fields.
Reform.
The parish adopted the Vestries Act 1831, which provided for election of vestrymen by all ratepayers. The aristocratic dominance of the vestry declined. In 1815 40% of vestrymen had titles and in 1845 it was half that.
In 1855 the parish vestry became a local authority within the area of responsibility of the Metropolitan Board of Works. The parish was divided into the wards (electing vestrymen) of Dover (6), Conduit (9), Grosvenor (12), Brook (15), Curzon (12), Knightsbridge (27) and Out (27).
Ecclesiastical division.
It was initially a parish for both ecclesiastical and civil purposes. However, by 1865 it was divided into eleven ecclesiastical districts.
Poor law.
St George was a local act parish and so it did not become part of the New Poor Law system, following the Poor Law Amendment Act 1834. This meant it did not form part of a union and the parish vestry remained in control of poor law functions, instead of a separately elected board of guardians as was typical. Following the Metropolitan Poor Act 1867, it was joined with St Margaret and St John for this purpose in 1870 as the St George's Union and a board of guardians elected.
Abolition.
In 1889 the parish became part of the County of London. The vestry was abolished in 1900 and replaced by Westminster City Council when it became part of the Metropolitan Borough of Westminster. It was abolished as a civil parish in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="18318255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318255" title="MTV Unplugged (Julieta Venegas album)">
MTV Unplugged (Julieta Venegas album)

MTV Unplugged is the first live album recorded by Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas. The album features a selection of her greatest hits, along with new tracks, including the singles "El Presente" and "Algún Día". A handful of guest artists was included: Gustavo Santaolalla, Natalia Lafourcade, Cuarteto Latinoamericano, La Mala Rodríguez. The album sold more than 2.5 million copies.
This album received the Latin Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album and the DVD released from this live performance also won for Latin Grammy Award for Best Long Form Music Video. "El Presente" was nominated for Record of the Year and Song of the Year.
Album history.
The live performance of this album was recorded in Mexico City, on March 6, 2008 at the Estudios Churubusco, before 450 fans. This show was broadcast on July 5, 2008 through MTV Latin America, and premiered on June 12, 2008 on the MTV Tr3s. The recording includes collaborations from La Mala Rodríguez performing the hip-hop section of "Eres para mí", two time Oscar-winner Gustavo Santaolalla plays banjo, Brazilian singer Marisa Monte performs in "Ilusion", a brand new song recorded in Spanish and Portuguese; Jaques Morelenbaum participates in "Como Sé", and Natalia Lafourcade is included as a part of Venegas' band. Julieta Venegas played the accordion, guitar, and piano. On the track "Esta Vez" the Cuarteto Latinoamericano is included and Juan Son (from the band Porter) joined Venegas in "De Mis Pasos". The violet dress that the artist wore during the performance was designed by Andrés Jiménez.
Jose Tillan served as the executive producer and producer (along with Michael Dagnery) for MTV Networks.
Tracklisting CD and DVD.
The track listing by iTunes Store Mexico.
Personnel.
"Live crew"
"Design"
Chart and certifications.
The album debuted at number 61 on the Mexican album charts, climbing to number-one the following week where it spent 10 consecutive weeks, replacing "Para Siempre" by Vicente Fernández and being replaced by "A Little Bit Longer" by Jonas Brothers. "MTV Unplugged" received a gold certification in México after two weeks of its release. In United States debuted and peaked at number 9 on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums and at number 169 on the "Billboard" 200. It also peaked within the Top 20 in Spain and at number 39 in Switzerland.
Certifications.
!scope="row"|Colombia (ASINCOL)

</doc>
<doc id="18318295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318295" title="St Andrews Rail Link">
St Andrews Rail Link

The St Andrews rail link is a plan and campaign to re-open the railway line from Leuchars railway station, Leuchars, Scotland to St Andrews. The line was closed in 1969 as part of the Beeching axe. 
Campaigners have estimated the railway could be reinstated for £76 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="18318309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318309" title="Slow Joe Doyle">
Slow Joe Doyle

Judd Bruce "Slow Joe" Doyle (September 15, 1881 in Clay Center, Kansas – November 21, 1947 in Tannersville, New York) was a right-handed baseball pitcher who played from 1906 to 1910 for the New York Highlanders and Cincinnati Reds. He threw a sinker, a "raise ball" and a spitter ([http://www.baseballlibrary.com/ballplayers/player.php?name=Joe_Doyle_1881]).
Career.
Doyle made his major league debut on August 25, 1906. His career got off to a good start as he threw shutouts in each of his first two starts. He was the first 20th century pitcher to accomplish that feat (and it had been accomplished only twice before he did it. Since he did it, it has been accomplished 11 times ([http://books.google.com/books?id=QLZCJcgKdY0C&printsec=frontcover#PPA275,M1). However, perhaps more impressive is those two starts were also his first two big league appearances. Only three American League pitchers have thrown shutouts in their first two big league appearances since Doyle did it ([http://books.google.com/books?id=xEohYBGQfEgC&pg=RA1-PA354&dq=%22Slow+Joe+Doyle%22&sig=ACfU3U21DEipP0WMWIhiyHbIl7_cshFqqw]). In his first season, he went 2-1 with a 2.38 ERA in nine games (six starts).
The following season Doyle went 11-11 with a 2.65 ERA in 29 games (23 starts). He completed 15 games, and his three home runs allowed were the fifth most in the league. His 4.37 strikeouts per nine innings ratio was the sixth best in the league.
In 1908, Doyle was the Highlanders' opening day starter. However, for the rest of the season he appeared in only 11 more games, starting only four. He went 1-1 with a 2.63 ERA. He appeared in 17 games in 1909, making 15 starts. He went 8-6 with a 2.58 ERA, throwing three shutouts.
Doyle began the 1910 season with the Highlanders, appearing in three games, making two starts and going 0-2 with an 8.03 ERA. On May 31, he was purchased by the Reds for $2,000 ([http://www.baseball-reference.com/d/doylesl01.shtml]). He made five relief appearances for the Reds, posting an 0-0 record with a 6.35 ERA. Overall that season, he went 0-2 with a 7.03 ERA in eight games (two starts). He played his final big league game on June 25, 1910.
Despite starting out as a promising young pitcher, Doyle won only 22 games in his five-year career. He lost 21 games, and he posted an ERA of 2.85. In 75 appearances (50 starts), he walked 147 batters and struck out 209. As a batter, he hit .163 in 135 career at-bats. Statistically, he is most similar to pitcher Alex Main, according to the Similarity Scores at Baseball-Reference.com.
After his death, Doyle was buried in Evergreen Cemetery in Tannersville, New York.
Nickname.
Doyle got his nickname Slow Joe because he was a very slow working pitcher - he would take a lot of time between pitches, often stalling for notable amounts of time ([http://www.baseballlibrary.com/ballplayers/player.php?name=Joe_Doyle_1881]).

</doc>
<doc id="18318324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318324" title="De Hems">
De Hems

De Hems is a café, pub and oyster-house in the Chinatown area of Soho, London, England just off Shaftesbury Avenue. It made its name purveying oysters and now sells beers from the Low countries such as Grolsch and Heineken with Dutch food such as bitterballen and frikandellen.
It is on the site of the Horse & Dolphin coaching inn which was built in 1685 and had been owned by bare-knuckle boxer Bill 'The Black Terror' Richmond in the early 19th century. This was rebuilt in 1890 by the accomplished pub architects, Saville and Martin, for the publican, Mr Crimmen. It was renamed The Macclesfield, being in Macclesfield Street, and was soon leased by a retired Dutch sea captain called "Papa" De Hem who ran it as an oyster-house, charging a shilling and fourpence ha'penny for a serving.
It was patronised by "fin-de-siècle" literati such as the poet Swinburne, who travelled 10 miles daily to eat oysters at the long marble bar, and George Sims who wrote a quatrain in praise: rhyme alludes to the common proverb that it is only safe to eat oysters when there is an "R" in the name of the month — after the hot summer months from May to August. The grotto referred to was "The Shell Room" upstairs, created from the discarded oyster shells which decorated its walls — some 300,000 at their peak. Only a few now remain but the bar now claims to sell a similar number of pints of Oranjeboom each year.
In the early 20th century, literary figures such as Clemence Dane continued to purchase the establishment's oysters, stout and champagne for their theatrical celebrations. In the 1920s, it became the hangout of gangsters too. When World War I started, patriotic Papa De Hem gave his staff £50 each to return to their threatened country. During World War II, after Holland actually fell to the German invasion, Dutch resistance exiles then met regularly at the pub which became their unofficial headquarters. Another patron at that time was the notorious spy, Kim Philby, who was friendly with the chef, who wore a tall white hat.
In 1959, it was renamed "De Hems" in honour of the captain and then, in the 1960s, it became popular with music industry people such as Alan Price, Georgie Fame and Andrew Oldham, manager of the Rolling Stones. At the turn of the new century, the venue hosted a comedy club — the "Oranje Boom-Boom Cabaret" — which included the debut of "The Mighty Boosh".
In the early 21st century, De Hems was popular as a place to celebrate and follow the successful Dutch football team. During the 2010 World Cup, hundreds of fans had to be turned away and manager Sian Blair had to hire a security staff of seven bouncers for the occasion. The upstairs and downstairs bars each accommodated a hundred cheerful revellers for these big matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18318330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318330" title="Saša Obradović">
Saša Obradović

Saša Obradović (Serbian Cyrillic: Саша Обрадовић; born January 29, 1969) is a Serbian basketball coach and former player. He currently serves as the head coach of Alba Berlin in Germany.
Playing career.
At club level, Obradović played for Crvena zvezda, CSKA Moscow, Limoges, Alba Berlin, Calze Pompea Roma, Budućnost Podgorica and RheinEnergie Köln until his retirement in 2005.
In April 2001, during his time with Budućnost, Obradović got into a fistfight with teammate Milenko Topić during a practice session and got suspended by the club. They soon parted ways.
With the Yugoslav national team, Obradović won three EuroBasket gold medals and one bronze. He also won the gold medal at the 1998 FIBA World Championship in Greece.
Coaching career.
Immediately after his retirement as a basketball player, Obradović was appointed as the head coach of RheinEnergie Köln, where he served until 2008. He also coached at Kyiv, Turów Zgorzelec and Donetsk.

</doc>
<doc id="18318387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318387" title="Bella at Midnight">
Bella at Midnight

Bella at Midnight is a fantasy novel for children by Diane Stanley. The story is based on the fairy tale Cinderella. It was first published in 2006.
Plot.
Maud's sister Catherine has just married Sir Edward of Burning Wood when he forbids her to see her family again. Three years later, Maud receives an urgent summons from her brother-in-law to aid her sister in childbirth. The child is delivered safely, but Catherine falls ill and dies. Edward flies into a fury and orders Maud to get rid of the child.
Maud christens the child Isabel, after her late grandmother, and gives her to the family of a blacksmith named Martin. His wife, Beatrice, recently served as a wet nurse to the fourth son of the king, Prince Julian. The prince frequently returns to visit over the course of his childhood, and he and Isabel, or "Bella", become fast friends.
One day, when Julian is older, he is approached by Bella in front of his peers. But instead of acknowledging her as a friend, he pretends not to know her. Later, he is on his way to apologize to her when a messenger stops him to inform him that he is to be a hostage in a neighboring kingdom, Brutanna, with which they had been at war. The captivity is to enforce a peace treaty between the two kingdoms.
Some time later, Maud returns to Bella's village with a summons from her father, who has recently remarried. Bella sorrowfully leaves her family and journeys with her aunt to meet her father. Once there she finds him still cold and cruel, and her stepmother Matilda and stepsister Marianne unkind as well. Her other stepsister Alice has been silent ever since the death of her father.
Marianne becomes lady-in-waiting to the queen, and thus is privy to some royal secrets. When she comes home she gossips with her family about the plot to attack Brutanna at the expense of Julian's life. Bella cries out in protest and expresses her intent to save him, but her stepmother, trying to protect Marianne's place at court, locks her in the storeroom.
Alice sneaks to the storeroom and gives Bella a hairpin to pick the lock with. Once she is free, Alice gives her a ring that shows her the person she wants to see. Bella flees to Maud's house, and Maud gives her the means to save Julian, including a gown and glass slippers.
Bella rides to Brutanna as quickly as possible and warns Julian of the king's plot. Julian rides out to convince his brother to leave, but he is captured. A battle begins between the soldiers of the two kingdoms when the Worthy Knight appears, halting the battle and blinding King Gilbert.
Julian searches for Bella, but only finds her possessions. Sadly, he returns home to act as regent for his brother. He visits Sir Edward's family, where Alice shows him how to use the ring. He sees the Knight and asks Alice to accompany him to find the Knight.
They return to Brutanna to discover that the Worthy Knight is none other than Bella. She is heavily wounded but recovering in the care of a poor man and his son. Julian brings her back to Moranmoor and takes her to visit her adoptive family. He asks Martin for Bella's hand in marriage, and, having consulted Bella and receiving a positive answer, accepts.
Bella.
Bella is the daughter of Catherine and Sir Edward of Burning Wood. Upon her mother's death, her father orders her aunt Maud to get rid of her. She is raised by Martin the blacksmith and his family and becomes close friends with Prince Julian. Then Prince Julian betrays her after they go to a fair with all the pages he lives with. After he is sent to Brutanna as a hostage, on his way to apologize to Bella. Quickly afterward, her father summons her. She returns to Burning Wood, where she meets her father and new stepfamily.
One day her stepsister Marianne brings the news that the king plans to attack Brutanna, endangering Prince Julian. Bella declares her intentions of warning him and her stepmother locks her in the storeroom. That night her stepsister Alice helps her escape.
Bella warns Julian in time to save him, but couldn't prevent the battle. Instead she plays the part of the Worthy Knight, stopping the war forever. She is gravely wounded, but rescued by Prince Julian, who takes her back to her adoptive family and asks for her hand in marriage. She accepts.
Prince Julian of Moranmoor.
Prince Julian is the fourth son of King Raymond. He was given to Beatrice until he was three, when he went to live with his uncle, but frequently returns to visit. He is instantly taken with Bella when introduced, and the two become close friends, until he snubs her in front of his peers.<br>
He is on his way to apologize when a messenger stops him and informs him that he is to be a hostage to enforce a peace treaty Moranmoor and the neighboring kingdom Brutanna. He is living with the royal family when Bella comes to warn him of his brother's plot. He rides out to convince his brother to stop the attack, but the king accuses him of cowardice and takes him prisoner.<br>
The battle begins, but is halted by the appearance of the Worthy Knight. Afterwards, unable to locate Bella, Julian sadly returns to Moranmoor to acts as regent for his brother, who was struck blind in the battle. He pays a visit to Burning Wood, where Alice shows him the Worthy Knight in her ring. They set off to find him and discover that "he" is actually Bella. They bring her back to reunite with her adoptive family, and Julian asks for her hand in marriage.
Maud.
Maud is Bella's maternal aunt and godmother. She does everything in her power to help her goddaughter, including giving her supplies for her quest to rescue Prince Julian.
Matilda.
Matilda is Bella's stepmother. She has become bitter ever since the death of her husband and loss of their wealth. She takes her anger out on her new husband and stepdaughter.
Marianne.
Marianne is Bella's older stepsister. She is placed in court as the queen's lady-in-waiting by her aunt Basilia.
Alice.
Alice is Bella's younger stepsister. Before her father left on his final voyage, he gave her a ring that allows her to see the whereabouts of any person. After her father's death she rarely speaks. Bella, however, helps her heal from the pain and in return Alice gives her the ring.
Lord Percy.
Lord Percy is Basilia's husband. He is very wealthy, but reluctant to show charity to Matilda and her daughters, doing so only out of duty.
Basilia.
Basilia is Matilda's sister. The two had a falling out when they were each married, and Basilia enjoys gloating over her sister's misfortune. However, she helps Marianne find a place at court.
King Harry of Brutanna.
King Harry is the King of Brutanna, with which Moranmoor has been at war for over a hundred years. When the treaty for peace is signed and Prince Julian becomes a hostage, he treats the prince quite kindly. The King is attending his daughter Princess Marguerite's wedding when he is attacked by King Gilbert.
Martin.
The adopted father of Bella who took care of Bella, Prince Julian, Will, and Margaret as babies.
Beatrice.
The adopted mother of Bella who took care of Bella, Prince Julian, Will, and Margaret as babies.
Will and Margaret.
The son and daughter of Beatrice and Martin. Bella thinks they are her siblings but soon finds out that they are not her family.
Reception.
Reviewers have praised the story as being a new take on the classic fairytale and the character of Bella for being a strong, courageous young woman.
Some critics have criticized the use of alternating point of view, saying that it makes the story slow and confusing to follow. Others have claimed that some of the material, such as the details about birth, were inappropriate for the age level for which the book is written (34-34).
Awards.
"Bella at Midnight" has won the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="18318432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318432" title="Zeb Terry">
Zeb Terry

Zebulon Alexander Terry (June 17, 1891 – March 14, 1988) was a professional baseball player who played infielder in the Major Leagues from -. He would play for the Boston Braves, Chicago Cubs, Chicago White Sox, and Pittsburgh Pirates. He played college baseball at Stanford University.

</doc>
<doc id="18318436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318436" title="Cozens">
Cozens

Cozens is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18318473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318473" title="This Never Ending Now">
This Never Ending Now

This Never Ending Now an album by English post-punk band The Chameleons, released on 1 September 2002 through record label Paradiso. It consists of acoustic reworkings of songs from their early albums and singles as well as featuring a cover of David Bowie's "Moonage Daydream".
Background.
"This Never Ending Now" consists of acoustic reworkings of the band's previous work. Also included is a cover of David Bowie's "Moonage Daydream".
Release.
"This Never Ending Now" was released on 1 September 2002 through record label Paradiso.
Critical reception.
AllMusic called it "another lovely alternate visit into some of the band's strongest songs old and new". musicOMH was generally favourable, writing, "while this is an essential purchase for any fan, it also makes a good introduction for the uninitiated."

</doc>
<doc id="18318483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318483" title="Levenmouth rail link">
Levenmouth rail link

The Levenmouth rail link (also called the Leven rail link) is a proposal to re-open of railway line in Fife, Scotland. The link would connect the town of Leven and other settlements in the Levenmouth conurbation with Thornton, and would join the Fife Circle Line at Thornton North Junction. The line is being promoted by Fife Council and the South East Scotland Transport Partnership (SESTRAN).
History.
The line first opened as the Leven Railway on 3 July 1854 after receiving parliamentary authorisation in 1852. In 1861 the company merged with the East of Fife Railway to form the Leven & East of Fife Railway. Stations were previously open at Cameron Bridge and Leven. The line was doubled in 1909. Freight east of Leven ceased in 1966, bringing a closure of the line up to St Andrews, and all passenger services ceased in 1969. In 1972, the remainder of the line to Kirkland was singled.
Until 2001, the railway was partially used as a freight line. A short stretch has now reopened between Thornton and Earlseat to carry coal from the opencast mine.
Levenmouth is by far the largest urban area (37,000)in Scotland unserved by any direct rail link. Leven would also be the nearest station serving the East Neuk of Fife (approx 15,000). As of 21 January 2014, the Scottish Transport Minister indicated there were "no current plans to re-open the entire Leven- Thornton rail lnk for either passenger or freight purposes". At an estimated current (2015) cost of reinstatement (STAG Appraisal) of £76.8 million, the case for reopening of this line has a much stronger case than most other similar moves in Scotland. Apart from high demand from a major population and existing coal freight, the line passes the largest distillery in Scotland and close to Diageo's main Scottish bottling operations and ends at Leven close to the Methil Docks and the Fife Energy Park. However Levenmouth is an area of high deprivation consistently neglected so lack the political influence of other areas pressing for rail reinstatement
Cost, feasibility and services.
Fife Council has put forward £2 million to support the reopening, but the costs were initially estimated at £28 million. This estimate was later increased to £45–55 million.
SESTRAN conducted a feasibility study and Fife Council declared the project as a top-priority transport project. Initial findings from the study found that there was strong support for the link as well as a strong general case for it. Other findings include that there was a possibility of extending Edinburgh-Kirkcaldy services to Leven to give an hourly service to Leven, or extending both these services and the Edinburgh-Cowdenbeath services, giving a half-hourly service. It is also hoped that coal and whisky freight could be carried on the line, and that the developments will encourage regeneration of the area. Another study is currently underway to look into the development, however it is likely that work cannot begin on the line until at least 2015.
Stations are likely to be built at both Leven and Muiredge/Cameron Bridge. Rail freight facilities are also being considered in the Cameron Bridge area, where the Diageo distillery have a base, which was originally the Haig distillery; freight provision is also possible at Methil Docks. Cameron Bridge would serve as a park & ride station to surrounding areas.
It was concluded initially that the best option would be to reopen the existing line. As work cannot begin until 2015, bus based options are also being considered in the short-term.
External links.
cinicam footage of the leven fife rail link SQ2009

</doc>
<doc id="18318530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318530" title="Hamden L. Forkner">
Hamden L. Forkner

Hamden Landon Forkner, Sr. (March 10, 1897 – November 25, 1975) was an American educator and writer who created Future Business Leaders of America, an educational organization for high school and college students, and developed the Forkner shorthand system for taking dictation.
Biography.
He was born on March 10, 1897 to Allen F. Forkner and Lucy Adline Irvine.
Forkner, a graduate of the University of California at Berkeley, was the head of the business and vocational education department at Teachers College, Columbia University from 1937 to 1958. During his career, he was also president and permanent honorary vice president of the International Society for Business and Economic Education, and directed technical education surveys for the governments of the Dominican Republic and Mexico.
As an author, Forkner wrote the books “20th Century Bookkeeping & Accounting” (1940, co-authored with Alva Leroy Prickett), “Correlated Dictation and Transcription: Pitman Edition” (1946, co-authored with Agnes E. Osborne and James E. O’Brien), “Developing a Curriculum for Modern Living (1954, co-authored with Florence B. Stratmeyer), and “Study Guide for Forkner Shorthand” (1965, co-authored with Jean G. Hanna and published by his Forkner Publishing Company).
He died on November 25, 1975 at age 78.

</doc>
<doc id="18318545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318545" title="Luther Lindsay">
Luther Lindsay

Luther Jacob Goodall (December 30, 1924 – February 21, 1972) was an American professional football player and wrestler, known by his ringname Luther Lindsay or Lindsey, who competed throughout the United States with the National Wrestling Alliance as well as international promotions such as All Japan Pro Wrestling, Joint Promotions and Stampede Wrestling.
One of the first African American wrestlers to become a major star, he was extremely popular in the Pacific Northwest and Mid-Atlantic territory. A frequent rival and tag team partner of Shag Thomas, he also teamed with Bearcat Wright, Nick Bockwinkel, Pepper Gomez and was involved in feuds with "Iron" Mike DiBiase, Mad Dog Vachon, Beauregarde, Moondog Mayne, Tony Borne and Pat Patterson & The Hangman.
For much of the early 1950s and '60s, Lindsay was billed as the U.S. Colored (or Negro) Heavyweight Champion and took part in the first interracial professional wrestling matches held in the United States. Between 1953 and 1956, he faced NWA World Heavyweight Champion Lou Thesz in a series of matches. Although largely resulting in time limit draws, he was the first African-American to make a challenge to the title and earned Thesz's respect during these bouts publicly praising his wrestling ability.
He was considered one of the top submission wrestlers of his day working with Don Leo Jonathan and Stu Hart. Lindsay was one of the few men who bested him in the infamous "Hart Dungeon" and later became one of Hart's best friends. Hart reportedly carried a picture of him in his wallet until his death. He was held in high regard by his fellow wrestlers such as Lou Thesz, J.J. Dillon, Rip Hawk and Les Thatcher.
Career.
Early career.
Luther Goodall was born on a farm outside Norfolk, Virginia on December 30, 1924. He moved to Sedalia but later resided in Gibsonville, North Carolina and later played college football for Norfolk State and nearby Hampton Institute where he was also a CIAA wrestling champion. Although excelling in athletics as an All-American Negro tackle-guard, state segregation laws prohibited him from playing against white athletes. He played two years of professional football in Hamilton and Victoria for the Canadian Football League. Lindsey began wrestling professionally making his debut in 1950 or 1951. Taking the surname of his wife, Gertrude Lindsey, his earliest recorded match was against Al Tucker in Chicago, Illinois for promoter Leonard Schwartz on November 21, 1951.
As early as 1953, Lindsay was billed as the U.S. Colored or Negro Heavyweight Champion. He was one of the few African-Americans in professional wrestling and, in accordance with state segregation laws at the time, he was only allowed to travel with and compete against other African-American wrestlers during his early career. One of his most frequent opponents was Shag Thomas who he later claimed knew better than any other opponent. During the late 1950s, he became the first African-American south of Washington, D.C. to compete in a wrestling event when he faced Ron Wright in Kingsport, Tennessee. Although the National Guard was brought in amid fears of rioting, the crowd unexpectedly favored Lindsay against Wright. As a result of Lindsay's success in the area, other African-American wrestlers were also brought into the area such as Bearcat Wright and Bobcat Brown 
Pacific Northwest Wrestling.
In early 1953, he appeared in Washington where he faced George Dusette, the Masked Marvel, Carl Engstrom, Walter Kameroff, Jack Kiser, Bronko Lubich, Axel Cadier. He was involved in a battle royal which included Kiser, Lubich, Cadier, Bud Rattal and Paul DeGalles in Yakima on May 12. On July 24, he faced Lou Thesz for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship in Tacoma and the two fought to a time limit draw. This was the first of several meetings between the two champions and the first time the title was defended against an African-American opponent. A rematch one week later in Tacoma also resulted in a draw.
On October 10, Lindsay defeated Bronko Nagurski in a best 2-of-3 match during the main event at the Tacoma Armory. Nagurski had pinned him after a series of flying tackles and a full body press, however Lindsay recovered to score the second fall after making Nagurski submit to a neckbreaker. Lindsay was eventually awarded the match when referee Freddie Steele disqualified Nagurski after refusing to break a hold. According to promoter Paavo Ketonen, the winner was to receive a title shot against Lou Thesz for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship.
He was one of several wrestlers who challenged the Seattle Ramblers to a football game known as the "Muscle Bowl" at Lincoln Bowl on October 11. The event was attended by 7,265 fans and was successful in raising as much as $5,000 for the Associated Boys' Clubs of the Tacoma-area. Among the wrestlers who participated, a half-dozen were former collegiate football stars including Lindsay, Pepper Gomez and Frank Stojack. Bronko Nagurski also participated in a dozen plays. Other wrestlers included Ivan Kameroff, the Masked Marvel, Dr. John Gallagher, The Ram, Abe Yourist and Glen Detton. Despite the addition of several players loaned by the Seattle Ramblers, most notably Mel Light, they lost the game 20-6. Lindsay injured his right pinky finger during the game, however the wrestlers later celebrated at Steve's Restaurant.
On October 16, he took part in a 7-man battle royal involving Don Kindred, Bronko Nagurski, Dale Kiser, "Red" Vagnone, Jack O’Reilly, Jack Kiser and the eventual winner Carl Engstrom. Lindsay was the fifth man eliminated in the battle royal and, that same night, fought Jack O’Reilly to a draw. He faced Lou Thesz again in a series of matches during late-November. Their first meeting in Tacoma, on November 24, resulted in another draw however he lost to Thesz in Tacoma on November 27 and in Eugene the next night.
On January 10, he won his first major title winning the vacant NWA Hawaii Tag Team Championship with Bobby Burns in Honolulu. He faced Thesz again the following spring where they fought to another draw in Portland on April 29 and Seattle on April 1, 1954. On April 9, he lost to Thesz via disqualification in Yakima.
Later that year, he toured Northern Ontario with Ricky Waldo and The Black Panther. He and Jack Claybourne won the NWA Canadian Open Tag Team titles from Tosh Togo & Pat Fraley (substituting for Great Togo) in Toronto on September 28. Later that year, he wrestled for promoter Ed Don George making occasional appearances at Buffalo Memorial Auditorium where he faced Johnny Molinda, Danno O'Shocker and Danny Malone during the next two months.
They lost the titles to Ivan & Karol Kalmikoff in Toronto on December 9. The following night he fought Danno O'Shocker to a draw at the Buffalo Memorial Auditorium. This was his last match in the Buffalo area.
During the summer of 1955, he and George Dusette won the NWA Pacific Northwest Tag Team Championship from Bulldog Curtis & Tommy Martinez on May 15. While still defending the tag team titles, he fought Lou Thesz to another draw in Portland on June 8. He and Dusette eventually lost the titles to Doug Donovan & Ivan Kameroff on June 11.
NWA Texas.
Later that year, Lindsay was brought to Texas by promoter Morris Sigel. As the state began complying with national de-segregation laws, Sigel promoted the first interracial wrestling match in the state pitting Lindsay against Duke Keomuka in one of the biggest matches of the year. Lindsay would also face Lou Thesz in Dallas on September 20, 1955 in yet another draw.
In January 1956, he entered the Dallas-Fort Worth area then promoted by Ed McLemore. On January 10, he faced Duke Keomuka in a best 2-of-3 falls match at The Sportatorium. Although taking the first pinfall, Keomuka pinned Lindsay with the help of outside interference by Tiny Mills. When referee Roy Carter was knocked unconscious outside the ring, wrestler Danny McShain made the count after Lindsay pinned Keomuka. Although controversial, the third fall was granted to Lindsay by referee decision.
A week later, Lindsay met Keomuka in a best 3-of-5 falls match which stipulated that their cornermen, Danny McShain and Tiny Mills, were to be locked in cages to prevent outside interference. However, both men broke out of their cages during the match and began brawling in the ring. The four men were broken up by referees Ray Gunkel and Otto Kuss who were forced to declare a no-contest. Later during the main event between McShain and Mills, Lindsay appeared to help McShain in his match. He and McShain later took on Duke Keomuka & Tiny Mills for the NWA Texas Tag Team Championship in a best-of-3 falls match at The Sportatorium on January 24. He and McShain lost the third fall by disqualification when Lindsay threw Mills over the top rope.
He returned to the area four months later teaming with Pepper Gomez in a best 2-of-3 falls match against "Iron" Mike DiBiase and Danny Plechas as one of a series of matches for the vacant NWA Texas Tag Team titles on May 22. Plechas pinned Gomez for the third fall and, despite an argument for the match to be awarded to Gomez and Lindsay, Mike DiBiase and Danny Plechas were declared the winners.
Both teams claimed the title however and a rematch was scheduled several days later. He and Gomez were forced to forfeit the match when Lindsay injured his leg during the match. Both Lindsay and Gomez faced Mike and Danny Plechas in singles matches later that night. Lindsay defeated Danny Plechas via disqualification when his partner interfered. Gomez lost his bout with Mike DiBiase when he was counted out.
He was scheduled to face Duke Keomuka in the opening rounds of a tournament to meet NWA World Heavyweight Champion Lou Thesz. However, reportedly flying in from Canada, his plane was grounded due to bad weather and was substituted by Tex Brady. Defeating Duke Keomuka on December 11, Lindsay earned a title shot at then NWA World Heavyweight Champion Lou Thesz. In his tenth meeting with Thesz, the two met in a best 2-of-3 falls match at The Sportatorium on December 18. Thesz scored the first pinfall and, while Lindsay rallied to take the second, Thesz took the third fall for the victory. According to "The Dallas Morning News", Lindsay posted a $5,000 guarantee to face Thesz. He again met Thesz in Houston where they fought to another draw on January 20. Later that year, he also fought to a draw with newly crowned NWA World Heavyweight Champion Whipper Billy Watson in Dayton, Ohio on October 25, 1956. Years later while in Calgary, Watson would refuse to face him.
Martinez & McMahon.
In late 1957, Lindsay wrestled for promoter Pedro Martinez in Fort Erie, Ontario. Fighting to a draw with Wally Greb on September 21, Lindsay defeated Wild Bill Austin that same day in Buffalo. He later fought to draws with Joe Blanchard and Tiger Tasker. On December 17, he lost to NWA World Heavyweight Champion Dick Hutton in Dallas.
In early-1959, he appeared in the Capitol Wrestling Corporation for Vince McMahon, Sr. and Toots Mondt where he faced Chris Tolos, Emile Duprée and Hardboiled Haggerty.
Stampede Wrestling.
In 1960, Lindsay began wrestling for Calgary-based Stampede Wrestling. Feuding with Don Leo Jonathan during his first few weeks in the promotion, he defeated Jonathan at the Sales Pavilion in Edmonton on March 29. Two days later, he also beat Mighty Ursus at the Exhibition Auditorium in Regina. On April 15, he and Oattem Fisher defeated John Foti & Don Kindred for the Stampede International Tag Team Championship at the Victoria Pavilion. While defending the titles with Oattem Fisher, he also teamed with Tarzan Tourville who faced Mighty Ursus, Emile Koverly, Kit Fox, Jim Wright and Gypsy Joe. He and Fisher returned to the Victoria Pavilion defeated Don Kindred & Kit Fox on May 13. During the next two months, he faced Pat O'Connor for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship in Edmonton, Calgary and Regina four times.
Later that year, he returned to the Capitol Wrestling Corporation. On October 1, he defeated Swede Hanson at Madison Square Garden. Teaming with Eugenio Marin against Pat & Al Smith two weeks later, he also faced Fritz Wallick the following night. On October 24, he and Rebel II fought to a draw. He and Mr. Puerto Rico teamed up against the Dixie Rebels (Rebel I & Rebel II) on November 14, but lost the match. After a match with Tony Marino in Westchester, New York, Lindsay left the territory.
Return to Portland.
The following year, he won the NWA Pacific Northwest Heavyweight Championship from "Iron" Mike DiBiase on May 26 as well as the NWA Pacific Northwest Tag Team titles with Bing Ki Lee and Herb Freeman during the summer. On September 25, he lost the NWA Pacific Northwest Heavyweight title to Nikolai Volkoff. Later that year, he traveled to Great Britain. Although his stay was brief, he scored an impressive KO victory over Mike Marino at the Royal Albert Hall and Josef Zaranoff in a later televised match.
In early 1962, he toured Japan with All Japan Pro Wrestling where he and Ricky Waldo defeated Toyonobori & Rikidōzan for the AJPW All Asia Tag Team Title on February 3, 1962. After losing the titles back to the former champions, he returned to the United States where he met and lost to NWA World Heavyweight Champion "Nature Boy" Buddy Rogers in Seattle on June 18. He teamed with longtime rival Shag Thomas to regain the NWA Pacific Northwest Tag Team titles defeating Kurt Von Poppenheim & Fritz Von Goering on July 21. Defeating Fritz Von Goering for the NWA Pacific Northwest Heavyweight title on August 24, he and Thomas would also regain the tag team titles four more times together between 1962 and 1964. He later lost the NWA Pacific Northwest title to Mad Dog Vachon on October 4, 1962. He also faced Pat Patterson and Dean Ho during their first stints in Portland defeating them both in two matches each.
He and Shag Thomas regained the NWA Pacific Northwest Tag Team titles defeating Ivan Kameroff & Soldat Gorky on July 24, 1963. He and Thomas successfully defended the titles against Soldat Gorky & Dean Ho on August 9. He defeated Dean Ho in a singles match at the end of the month. On September 2, he also teamed with Danny Hodge to defeat Dean Ho & The Destroyer. Several days later, Lindsay became involved in a car accident when he smashed his car into a utility pole to avoid hitting another vehicle. Escaping from the car, he was picked up by passing motorist who brought him to a local hospital for ""emergency surgery"". He was replaced by Hodge and lost the tag team titles to The Destroyer & Art Michalik in Salem on September 9, 1963.
He and Thomas managed to regain the titles on January 15 although they eventually lost the titles back to The Destroyer & Art Michalik on January 22. Lindsay left the territory soon after.
From Honolulu to Portland.
During a brief stint in NWA Hawaii, he enjoyed a brief reign as NWA Hawaii United States Heavyweight Champion before losing the title back to King Curtis Iaukea in June 1964. On July 28, 1964, Lindsay was part of an 18-man battle royal which featured Gene Kiniski, Tosh Togo, Mr. Moto and King Curtis Iaukea. This event was later aired on the first episode of "Big Time Wrestling", a weekly television show which broadcast the first wrestling matches from the Honolulu International Center, and was attended by over 14,000 fans (5,300 of these watched the event live at the Civic Auditorium). The following night, he appeared in the main event against King Curtis Iaukea for the NWA Hawaii United States Championship which sold out the Civic Arena.
He returned to the Pacific Northwest later that year and was one of several tag team partners of Pepper Martin. On October 26, he and Pepper Martin defeated Pat Patterson & The Hangman for the NWA Pacific Northwest Tag Team titles. He and Martin successfully defended the title against Pat Patterson & Don Manoukian, although they lost the title back to Pat Patterson & The Hangman in Portland on September 18. Lindsay and Martin continued to feud with the tag team champions defeating Patterson & El Shereef by disqualification on September 21 and El Shereef, Patterson & The Hangman in a 6-man tag team match with Dean Ho on October 5.
He and Martin continued to pursue Pat Patterson & The Hangman defeating them on October 26, however they lost to them twice the following month. He and Dean Ho also lost to Haru Sasaki & The Hangman on November 10. After defeating them on November 20, Lindsay faced Pat Patterson in a singles match and fought him to a draw on December 4. After defeating El Shereef, Patterson & The Hangman in another 6-man tag team match on December 10, he defeated Pat Patterson in a singles match the following night.
In early 1965, he was one of several African-American wrestlers to tour the Continental Wrestling Association with Sailor Art Thomas, King Toby and Tiger Conway, Sr.. However, with segregation still in practice in the Memphis territory, they only faced each other in matches. In Honolulu, he fought to another draw against NWA Heavyweight Champion Lou Thesz in Honolulu on May 7, 1965.
Although teaming with Dean Ho for a time, he and Bearcat Wright defeated Enrique & Alberto Torres for the NWA Hawaii Tag Team titles on July 28. He also regained the NWA Hawaii United States Heavyweight title from King Curtis Iaukea on September 29, 1965. Lindsay and Wright successfully defended the titles against Pat Patterson & Ray "The Crippler" Stevens, as well as a tag team match with Neff Miavia on December 22, before eventually losing the tag team titles to Ripper Collins & Johnny Barend on January 4, 1966. He also lost the heavyweight title to Ron Reed the following night. This would be the only meeting between the two. Between March 16-April 6, 1966, he faced Dale Lewis, Dick the Bruiser and Beauregarde all resulting in draws.
Mid-Atlantic Championship Wrestling.
Lindsay joined a number of other African-American wrestlers in the Mid-Atlantic territory for promoter Jim Crockett and, during a televised match at the television studio in late-1966, an incident between Lindsey and Ike Eakins caused WDBJ to cancel Crockett's weekly television show "All Star Wrestling". Eakins reportedly used a racial slur about Lindsay. Management at WDBJ said if Eakins didn't apologize on the air the next week, they would throw the show off the air. Reportedly Eakins came out and instead of apologizing, he used the slur again and that was the last wrestling show recorded at WDBJ. However, Lindsay remained in the promotion defeating Pedro Godoy in Roanoke, Virginia on January 31, 1967.
On June 2, he won the NWA Pacific Northwest Heavyweight title from Tony Borne before losing the title to Moondog Mayne weeks later. Defeating Gene Dundee at Park Center in Charlotte, North Carolina on August 7, Lindsay also made an appearance for the World Wide Wrestling Federation defeating Matt Jewell, sometimes billed as the Negro Men's Southern Heavyweight Champion, in Memphis, Tennessee on October 30, 1967.
He and Abe Jacobs teamed up for a match against Pancho Valdez & The Matador in Lexington, North Carolina on July 6, 1968. Back in PNW, he and Dean Ho lost to NWA Pacific Northwest Tag Team Champions Moondog Mayne & Beauregard in Portland on September 19. He also fought to draw against NWA Heavyweight Champion Lou Thesz in Salem on September 20. He won the NWA Pacific Northwest Heavyweight title from Beauregard, substituting for Moondog Mayne, on November 30, 1968. Lindsay and Dean Ho also teamed up to defeat NWA Pacific Northwest Tag Team Champions Kurt & Karl Von Steiger via disqualification on December 21, 1968. He also teamed with Shag Thomas once again to defeat the Von Steigers for the NWA Pacific Northwest Tag Team titles on February 15, 1969. Lindsay eventually lost the title back to Moondog Mayne on April 12. That same year, he defeated Stan Stasiak for the NWA Canadian Heavyweight title.
During early 1970, Luther Lindsay faced the original Minnesota Wrecking Crew (Gene & Ole Anderson) teaming with a number of wrestlers such as George Scott, Abe Jacobs and Randy Curtis. Later that year, he teamed with Curtis as well as Sandy Scott and Bob Ramstad against Gene Anderson & Chris Tolos who filled in for the injured Ole Anderson for a time. He and Gene Anderson eventually met in a singles match fighting to a time limit draw in Greenville, South Carolina on December 25, 1970. Two months later, he faced NWA World Heavyweight Champion Dory Funk, Jr. in Norfolk on February 4, 1971.
Death.
Lindsay scored a string of victories the following spring defeating Art Nelson, Bill Bowman, Bobby Paul, Frank Morrell and Johnny Heidman within a six-week period. Despite losing a rematch to Frank Morrell in Charleston, South Carolina on February 11, he and Frank Hester defeated Joe Soto & Tony Romano in Raleigh, North Carolina the following week. On the night of February 21, 1972, Lindsay was facing local wrestler Bobby Paul at Park Center in Charlotte. After only ten minutes into the match, Linsey pinned his opponent with a diving belly-flop. He apparently suffered a fatal heart attack when he made the pin and died on top of his opponent.
When Lindsay did not respond to the referee after scoring the pinfall, the police were called. Lindsay was taken back to the dressing room where he was declared dead shortly thereafter. His body was kept at his old alma mater, Hampton Institute, for a week before his burial. His funeral was attended by several well-known wrestlers including Les Thatcher who was one of the pallbearers.

</doc>
<doc id="18318580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318580" title="Edgeworth Island">
Edgeworth Island

Edgeworth Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. It lies north of Lyons Point, Prince of Wales Island in Peel Sound, outside the entrance of the Baring Channel. Russell Island is to the northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="18318582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318582" title="Al Richter">
Al Richter

Allen Gordon Richter (born February 7, 1927 in Norfolk, Virginia) is a retired American professional baseball player. A shortstop, he was listed at tall and . He batted and threw right-handed.
Richter played ten seasons (1945; 1947–1955) in minor league baseball and appeared in six Major League games for the Boston Red Sox in the and seasons, hitting a single in 11 at bats for a .091 batting average while scoring one run. In four fielding appearances, he made clean plays on his 20 chances and posted a 1.000 fielding percentage. His lone hit came off Spec Shea at Yankee Stadium on September 30, 1951.
Richter's finest minor league season came in 1951, when he batted .321 with 164 hits in 129 games played at the Triple-A level.

</doc>
<doc id="18318584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318584" title="Edward Bootle-Wilbraham">
Edward Bootle-Wilbraham

Edward Bootle-Wilbraham may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18318585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318585" title="Mrs. Lydia McCaffery's Furnished Rooms">
Mrs. Lydia McCaffery's Furnished Rooms

Mrs. Lydia McCaffery's Furnished Rooms, also known as the McCauley Lodging House and now known as the St. Patrick's House, is a former rooming house in Missoula, Montana. It is included in the Missoula Downtown Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18318589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318589" title="Juan Alighieri">
Juan Alighieri

Juan Alighieri was an Argentine film actor.

</doc>
<doc id="18318597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318597" title="Jin Guozhang">
Jin Guozhang

Jin Guozhang (Traditional Chinese: 金國章, Simplified Chinese: 金国章), is a Chinese pharmacologist, psychopathologist and educator. He is considered as a pioneer of modernizing traditional Chinese medicine. 
Life.
Jin was born on June 6 1927 in Yongkang, Jinhua, Zhejiang Province. He studied at the Department of Pharmacy, School of Sciences, Zhejiang University. He later became a researcher at the prestigious Shanghai Institute of Materia Medica, Chinese Academy of Sciences (SIMM, CAS). He also served as a professor at the School of Pharmacy, Fudan University in Shanghai.
Jin is a senior academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. He was elected into the academy in 2001.
Work.
Jin systematically studied the Chinese traditional medicines, their ingredients and compositions. He also identified several important effective ingredients and their pharmacological approaches for some traditional medicines. Jinalso holds several patents of Chinese medicines. 

</doc>
<doc id="18318598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318598" title="Bob Scherbarth">
Bob Scherbarth

Robert Elmer Scherbarth (January 18, 1926 – January 1, 2009) was a catcher in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Boston Red Sox during the season. Listed at 6' 0", 180 lb., Scherbarth batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Like Moonlight Graham from "Field of Dreams" fame, Scherbarth was one of many players since 1900 who appeared in a game but never had a plate appearance. He made his debut on April 23, 1950 as a defensive replacement in the 8th inning for Birdie Tebbetts. Scherbarth neither batted nor had a fielding chance during his debut and never appeared in another major league game.
Scherbarth's minor league baseball career spanned seven seasons, from to . He spent his entire career in the Red Sox organization, including three seasons for their top farm team, the Louisville Colonels. After his baseball career, Scherbarth went into the printing business.
Scherbarth died in Presque Isle, Wisconsin, at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="18318621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318621" title="Bertin (disambiguation)">
Bertin (disambiguation)

Bertin may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18318630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318630" title="Exuperius (disambiguation)">
Exuperius (disambiguation)

Exuperius ("Exsuperius, Exupéry, Essuperio") can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18318632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318632" title="Stephen Rigaud">
Stephen Rigaud

Stephen Jordan Rigaud (1816-1859), eldest son of Stephen Peter Rigaud, was an English clergyman and schoolmaster.
In September 1846, Rigaud went to Westminster School as Henry Liddell's senior assistant master and now has a house at the school named after him. In 1850 he was elected headmaster of Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School, Ipswich (now Ipswich School). Rigaud used his wide connections to recruit promising pupils whose fathers he knew. Despite his many lasting achievements, Rigaud was unhappy at the school, which he subsidized from his own pocket. Resentment at the cost of the new school persisted in the town, where there was also a feeling that he preferred boarders to day boys drawn from the local area, and matters came to a head when radicals in Ipswich brought an unsuccessful prosecution against him in April 1856 for punishing a day boy with undue severity.
In 1858 Rigaud was chosen Bishop of Antigua; he was consecrated on 2 February and went out to his diocese almost immediately. On 17 May 1859 he died in Antigua of yellow fever, his wife surviving him. A massive stone memorial marks his grave in the grounds of the cathedral there.

</doc>
<doc id="18318649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318649" title="George Schmees">
George Schmees

George Edward Schmees (September 6, 1924 – October 30, 1998) was an American professional baseball player. An outfielder, he appeared in Major League Baseball for the St. Louis Browns and Boston Red Sox during the season. Listed at tall and , Schmees batted and threw left-handed. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio.
In a 76-game Major League career, Schmees was a .168 hitter (21-for-125) with 17 runs, six RBI, four doubles, and one triple without home runs. He made 52 fielding appearances at center field (20), right (19), left (9) and first base (4). He also pitched two games (one start) and posted a 3.00 ERA in 6.0 innings of work and did not have a decision.
Schmees died in San Jose, California, at the age of 74.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18318693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318693" title="Carper">
Carper

Carper is a surname, and may refer to:
CARPER may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18318721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318721" title="Hypohippus">
Hypohippus

Hypohippus ("Low Horse") is an extinct genus of three-toed horse, which lived 17 - 11 million years ago. It was the size of a pony, and fossils of it have been found in Nebraska, Colorado, and Montana.

</doc>
<doc id="18318864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318864" title="Agpl">
Agpl

AGPL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18318969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318969" title="Ángel Álvarez">
Ángel Álvarez

Ángel Álvarez (September 26, 1906 – December 13, 1983) was a prolific Spanish film actor.
He made over 205 film appearances between 1945 and 1982. He is probably best known for his western films of the 1960s and 1970s. He appeared in Spaghetti western films such as "Navajo Joe" and "Django" in 1966 opposite Franco Nero. He often played a plump store keeper or a bank manager.

</doc>
<doc id="18318980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318980" title="1975–76 San Diego Sails season">
1975–76 San Diego Sails season

The 1975-76 American Basketball Association season saw the San Diego Sails fold due to weak home attendance and other financial pressures; the team folded 11 games into the season.
Offseason.
Preseason exhibition games.
Like most ABA teams, the Sails took the court in preseason exhibition action against the NBA. However, unlike most ABA teams, the Sails only played one such game prior to the 1975-76 season. The Sails began their preseason play on October 15, 1975 as they hosted the Portland Trail Blazers. The Sails' Caldwell Jones led all scorers with 27 points and also had 27 rebounds while holding Portland's Bill Walton to 6 points and 11 rebounds, but Portland won 98-85. Despite the Sails' loss the ABA won 31 games against the NBA in that preseason, compared to 17 wins for the NBA.
Roster.
Month by Month.
October 1975.
The ABA opened its 1975-76 season on October 24, 1975 and on that night the Sails hosted the Denver Nuggets before 3,060 fans. Denver's Ralph Simpson led all scorers with 30 points and Denver won 120-108. The next night the Sails began a long road swing by earning their first win in franchise history with a road victory against the Utah Stars. Bo Lamar led all scorers with 29 points and 5,525 fans saw the Sails prevail 99-97. The very next night the Sails lost on the road against the Spirits of St. Louis; a meager crowd of 1,144 saw Maurice Lucas lead all scorers with 25 as the Spirits won 101-85. On October 29 the Sails lost on the Indiana Pacers home court 105-100; Caldwell Jones, Billy Knight and Billy Keller each scored 25 before 5,007 fans. The Sails closed the month with a close road loss to the San Antonio Spurs 102-100 as 4,147 saw James Silas lead all scorers with 29. The Sails had only one home game in October and finished the month with a record of 1-4.
November 1975.
On November 1 the Sails finally returned home, losing to the Virginia Squires 109-105 before 2,396 fans; Ticky Burden led all scorers with 45. The next night at home the Sails defeated the San Antonio Spurs 105-102; James Silas had 28 for San Antonio to lead all scorers and attendance was only 1,670. On November 5 the Sails returned to the road for a rematch with the Virginia Squires which the Sails won 118-104 despite Ticky Burden's 40 points for the Squires in Mack Calvin's debut as Virginia's head coach before 4,334 fans. On November 7 the Sails faced the Kentucky Colonels in Cincinnati, Ohio; Dave Robisch scored 31 for San Diego but the Colonels won 104-99 before 11,887 fans. The next night the Sails lost another road game, this time to the San Antonio Spurs 99-76; attendance was 7,812. The following night in St. Louis, unbeknownst to anyone at the time, the Sails played the final game in the franchise's history. Despite San Diego's Mark Olberding leading all scorers with 21 points the Spirits of St. Louis defeated the San Diego Sails 95-92 before 1,194 fans.
On November 12, 1975 the ABA announced that it was folding the San Diego Sails franchise. The Sails were scheduled to host the Indiana Pacers on that day but the game was not played.
The Sails had only played three home games (out of 11) and in those games attendance dropped from 3,060 to 2,396 to 1,670. In that time owner Frank Goldberg, knowing that the ABA-NBA merger was likely at the end of the season, learned that Los Angeles Lakers owner Jack Kent Cooke would vigorously oppose the Sails' entry into the NBA, as he wanted no further competition in the southern California market (and the Cooke-owned cable television system owned the rights to Lakers' telecasts).
The Sails' roster was dispersed:

</doc>
<doc id="18318986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18318986" title="Jésus Etcheverry">
Jésus Etcheverry

Jésus Etchéverry (November 14, 1911, Bordeaux - January 12, 1988, Paris) was a French operatic conductor.
He began studying the violin while still very young, and played with diverse small orchestras to pay for his tuitions. At age 20, he was engaged by the Symphonic Orchestra in Casablanca, as first violinist, and shortly after began teaching at the Music Conservatory there. He spent the war years in Morocco, and began conducting in an improvised opera season, organised by French expatriate opera singers. The success was such that once the war over, he returned to France and became musical director at the opera house in Nancy, a post he held from 1947 until 1957. He also conducted the summer opera seasons in Luchon, Enghien and Angoulême.
In 1957, he was named first conductor at the Opéra-Comique, where he remained until 1972. Beginning in 1966, he also conducted at the Palais Garnier. He became musical director of the opera house in Nantes in 1972, and then took the musical direction of the opera house in Nancy in 1977.
Although his career was essentially spent in France, he did make guest appearances abroad, notably in London, Lausanne and Barcelona, where he was much appreciated in the French repertory.
Among the premieres he conducted are; Marcel Landowski's "Le Feu" (1956), Georges Delerue's "Le chevalier de neige" (1957), and Jacques Chailley's "Thyl de Flandres" (1963).
He left valuable recordings of Gounod's "Mireille", and Massenet's "Thais" and "Werther".

</doc>
<doc id="18319078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319078" title="Exuperius of Bayeux">
Exuperius of Bayeux

Saint Exuperius of Bayeux (Exupère), also known as Spirius ("Spire, Soupir, Soupierre"), is venerated as the first bishop of Bayeux. The date of his episcopate is given as 390 to 405, but local legends made him an immediate disciple of St. Clement, who lived during the 1st century, and that St. Regnobertus was Exuperius' disciple. This legend was found in breviaries of the 15th century. According to the "Catholic Encyclopedia", “the Bollandists and M. Jules Lair found little ground for this legend; it was only towards the middle of the fourth century that St. Exuperius founded the See of Bayeux; after him the priest St. Reverendus worked to spread Christianity in these parts.” As Henry Wace writes, “this is only an instance of the tendency of the Gallic churches to claim an apostolic or subapostolic origin.”.
Veneration.
In the times of the invasion of the Vikings Exuperius’ relics were translated from Bayeux, and eventually were deposited at Corbeil; the Saint-Spire cathedral in Corbeil-Essonnes is dedicated to him. 
He is sometimes called a bishop of Corbolium (Corbeil) as a result of this translation.

</doc>
<doc id="18319093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319093" title="Dor, Israel">
Dor, Israel

Dor () is a moshav in northern Israel. Located near Zikhron Ya'akov, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaCarmel Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 343. The moshav was established on the land of the depopulated Palestinian village named Tantura, east of the old village site, in 1949.
The moshav was established by immigrants from Greece, who were later joined by immigrants from Iraq. It was named after the ancient Phoenician city of Dor, which inhabited by the tribe of Manasseh in the Israelite period. The city is mentioned in the Bible, in the Book of Joshua 17:11 and 1 Chronicles 7:29). It was renamed Tantura after the Arab conquest. The ancient city of Dor was situated on the excavated tell north of today's moshav, overlooking Kibbutz Nahsholim. 

</doc>
<doc id="18319098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319098" title="Star Spangled Salesman">
Star Spangled Salesman

Star Spangled Salesman is a 1968 short film produced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury to promote the sale of Savings Bonds.
The film, directed by Norman Maurer, stars Howard Morris as a movie studio clerk who is assigned to get his colleagues interested in enrolling a payroll plan that is tied to the purchase of savings bonds.
The film included guest appearances by Milton Berle, Carol Burnett, The Three Stooges, Carl Reiner, Jack Webb, Harry Morgan, Tim Conway, Rafer Johnson, and "Hogan's Heroes" stars Werner Klemperer and John Banner.

</doc>
<doc id="18319111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319111" title="Shilpa Shetty">
Shilpa Shetty

Shilpa Shetty Kundra (Nee Shetty) (born June 8, 1975) is an Indian film actress and model. Since making her debut in the film "Baazigar" (1993), she has appeared in nearly 40 Bollywood, Tamil, Telugu and Kannada films, her first leading role being in the 1994 film "Aag". Her performances in "Dhadkan" (2000) and "Rishtey" (2002) were appreciated, while her portrayal of an AIDS patient in "Phir Milenge" (2004) won her many accolades. Her younger sister Shamita Shetty is also a Bollywood film actress.
After taking part in the British "Celebrity Big Brother 5" TV show in 2007, Shetty was crowned the winner with 63% of the final vote, after an international racism controversy involving her and fellow contestants Jade Goody, Jo O'Meara and Danielle Lloyd. This was followed by a re-establishment of her status in the film industry in 2007 when she appeared in two successive movies, "Life in a... Metro" and "Apne", with her performance in the former drawing positive reviews.
Early life.
Shilpa Shetty was born in a traditional family in Mangalore that hails from the Bunt community. She is the elder daughter of Surendra and Sunanda Shetty, manufacturers of tamper-proof caps for the pharmaceutical industry, In Mumbai, she attended St. Anthony Girls' High School in Chembur, and later attended Podar College in Matunga. A trained Bharatanatyam dancer, she was also into sports and was the captain of the volleyball team in schools. She has a black belt in karate and is currently a dancesport expert and enthusiast. Shetty's younger sister Shamita Shetty is also a Bollywood actress. They worked together once in the film "Fareb" (2005).
Acting career.
1993–1994: Early hits.
Shetty started her career by modelling for Limca in 1991 at age 16 and made her film debut in 1993 with "Baazigar", portraying a woman murdered by her psychopathic boyfriend. Shetty took the supporting role of Seema, co-starring alongside Shahrukh Khan and Kajol; the film was a major success and earned her a nomination for Filmfare Best Supporting Actress Award.
Her first leading role was in the film "Aag" in 1994, which was averagely received at the box office. She had a hit that same year with the film "Main Khiladi Tu Anari" opposite Akshay Kumar. This was followed by many films which were average to poor performers at the box office. Shetty starred in another big film that year, "Aao Pyaar Karen".
1995–1999: Box office failures.
In 1995, Shetty starred in "Hathkadi", where she was working alongside actors such as Saif Ali Khan, Govinda and Madhoo, but they failed at the box office. She made her Tamil film debut with the 1996 released "Mr. Romeo" alongside actors Prabhu Deva and Madhoo. The film was a sleeper musical hit at the box office. 1997 was one of her busiest years: she appeared in six different films, beginning with the Telugu language film "Veedevadandi Babu". Her first major Bollywood film of that year was the action thriller "Auzaar". Shilpa portrayed the character of Prathna Thakur alongside actors Salman Khan and Sanjay Kapoor. In 1998, she had one release, "Pardesi Babu", for which she received critical acclaim and won the Bollywood Movie Award for Best Supporting Actress.
2000–2007: Critical acclaim and box office success.
In 2000, Shetty received much acclaim for her role in "Dhadkan" which earned reasonable takings at the Indian box office. She received several nominations under the Best Actress category in award ceremonies. She would later go on to star with Anil Kapoor and Karisma Kapoor in the film "Rishtey" (2002). Her comic performance as an eccentric fisherwoman was appreciated and she received a nomination under the Filmfare Best Supporting Actress Award category and nominations for Best Comedian as well.
2004 was a good year for Shetty with the release of "" in which she portrayed a Muslim orphan and disillusioned table dancer starring opposite Salman Khan. According to Shetty, she chose to do the film because she liked the subject. The film was a cop drama. She received much acclaim for her performance in "Phir Milenge", where she made a sensitive portrayal of a successful city high-flyer who contracts HIV from unprotected sex and becomes a social outcast as a result. The film, based on 1993's "Philadelphia", was perceived to have tackled a social taboo as yet unaddressed by Bollywood. The film earned Shetty a Filmfare Best Actress nomination, and provided an impetus for her HIV-related charity work (see below). Film critic Taran Adarsh from "indiaFM" noted, "Phir Milenge belongs to Shilpa Shetty completely. She delivers, what can be rightly called, the performance of her career. The viewer feels and empathises with the character mainly because of her effective portrayal. She conveys the pain and the emotional upheaval through her expressive eyes, making it amongst the most memorable performances the year has seen so far."
This marked a break from the previous trend of superficial song-and-dance items in favour of roles which have a greater depth of character, exemplified by her film "Dus" (2005), an action thriller. Although it received average returns at the box office,
Shetty stated that she had taken the role to reinvent herself by portraying the rather unconventional character of an anti-terrorist squad member.
In 2005, Shetty starred opposite South Indian Superstar Upendra in the Kannada film "Auto Shankar". The film was a major box office success and it earned her the name "The Gabbar Singh of the South" due to her villainous role in the film. The same year, she starred with her sister in the film "Fareb". Shilpa had one release in 2006, the much delayed "Shaadi Karke Phas Gaya Yaar". The film was a box office flop, but she got good reviews for her role as a not entirely likeable wife. In 2006, she was a judge alongside Farah Khan & Sanjay Leela Bhansali on "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa", a Sony Entertainment Television dance show based on the original UK show "Strictly Come Dancing".
Shetty was once featured in Mani Ratnam's stage show, "Netru, Indru, Naalai".
2007 proved to be Shetty's most successful year at the box office so far. Her first release, "Life in a... Metro", won a significant reception and became the first Bollywood movie to premiere at Leicester Square. The film performed well at the box office and was declared a semi-hit within three weeks. Additionally, the film was critically acclaimed and Shetty's performance was appreciated, with Rajeev Masand of CNN-IBN writing, "It's a terrific performance and unquestionably Shilpa's best to date." Her second release, alongside three Deols (Dharmendra, Sunny and Bobby), the drama "Apne", was also a box office success.
Other projects.
Celebrity Big Brother.
Shetty was a contestant and the winner of "Celebrity Big Brother UK". and was the first Indian celebrity included in the Celebrity version. Reportedly paid Rs.31.5 m (£367,500 GBP) for her participation, she said to presenter Davina McCall, "I just want every Indian to be extremely proud that I'm in here". As for her participation, she stated: "I have zero expectations. The only thing I really hope to keep is my self-respect and my dignity." Her sister Shamita told "The Times of India" that this "is the boldest decision Shilpa has taken hitherto."
During her time, Shetty instructed fellow housemates Carole Malone and Ken Russell in meditation, and flirted with Dirk Benedict but tempers started to fray by Day 7 as a clique formed in the house disapproving of Shilpa's presence. Following a worldwide controversy that publicised her as a target of racist bullying within the house, Shetty won the contest after gaining 63% of the public vote and described the experience as "incredible and overwhelming". She further thanked the public for "a fantastic opportunity to make my country proud".
Post Celebrity Big Brother.
In February 2007, Shetty attended a reception at the House of Commons by invitation of Keith Vaz MP to meet with then Prime Minister Tony Blair. She was also invited to meet with Queen Elizabeth II at Marlborough House in London in March 2007. During an interview on "This Morning", Shetty confirmed that she had been asked to act in the British "EastEnders" soap opera, and turned it down as it would mean all her other arrangements would have to go on hold.
She was the subject of a Sky One documentary entitled "The Real Shilpa Shetty", which was produced by British television production company Twofour. The large number of commercial offers that Shilpa received after winning Celebrity Big Brother themselves became reason for controversy with an increasing number of accusations about her riding the 'racism' wave to commercial gain. She was on the cover of the first issue of OK! Magazine to be sold in India.
In early September 2007 she modelled at the Wills Lifestyle India Fashion Week, which also displayed some famous Bollywood actresses including Lara Dutta and Celina Jaitly. In October 2007, Shilpa starred in a musical titled "Miss Bollywood". On her agenda next is a cookery book titled "Soul Curry" and the role of Sita in Uru Patel's international venture "Hanuman".
Bigg Boss.
In August 2008, Shetty began hosting the second season of "Bigg Boss", the Indian version of "Big Brother". Controversially, Jade Goody was one of the initial housemates. Goody left the Bigg Boss House early in the series after receiving news that she had cervical cancer, of which she later died on 22 March 2009.
Indian Premier League.
In February 2009 Shilpa and her husband Raj Kundra became part owners of the Indian Premier League franchise cricket team Rajasthan Royals by paying approximately US $15.4 million for a 11.7% stake.
HIV-AIDS.
In February 2006 Shetty lent support to a BBC World Service Trust television show designed to tackle the problem of HIV-AIDS in India. The project, which also involved other celebrities Vivek Oberoi, Dia Mirza, and Raveena Tandon in separate episodes, featured Shetty as she shadowed a young achiever whose work involved raising awareness about the condition. According to reports, she participated in order to show solidarity with HIV-AIDS sufferers.
The issue is particularly close to Shetty's heart as she had portrayed an HIV-positive sufferer in her 2004 movie "Phir Milenge". Speaking about the movie and HIV in general, Shetty said: "Why not a film on HIV positive patients? It is a social stigma in our society. We made this film to highlight this problem ... This film will bring about a social awareness about AIDS in our country. It is high time we talked about this in our society".
PETA.
In March 2006 various sources reported Shetty's joining PETA as part of an advertising campaign against the use of wild animals in circuses.***</ref> According to a PETA India press release, Shetty is a long-time PETA supporter and has assisted the campaign by posing for photographs in a figure-hugging tiger costume. She explained that her crouching in a cage was uncomfortable during the photoshoot, but that her discomfort was insignificant compared to the pain suffered by the creatures. "These once dignified animals only leave their cages, which are barely larger than the size of their bodies, for a few minutes each day to be forced into the ring to perform tricks which make no sense and are upsetting to them. The best way to help animals suffering in circuses is to boycott the circus".
Shetty revealed in a later interview that she felt strongly about this cause and that she was appalled to hear of the cruel treatment suffered by such animals. "I thought I should stop that. If I can make a little difference to their lives, why not go for it?"
Nach Baliye 5.
Shetty was one of the three judges for popular Indian dance TV show Nach Baliye 5. The show started in late December 2012.She was also judge for Nach Baliye 6.
test
Film production.
With her husband Raj Kundra, Shetty has produced a film "Dishkiyaaoon". The film stars Sunny Deol and Harman Baweja. The film is scheduled to release on January 10, 2014.
Personal life.
Shetty married Raj Kundra on 22 November 2009 and announced on her web site that "I am officially Shilpa Shetty Kundra now!!".
Shilpa gave birth to her first child in 2012.
Obscenity charges.
In April 2006, a Madurai court issued non-bailable warrants against Shetty and Reemma Sen for "posing in an obscene manner" in photographs published by a Tamil newspaper. The report stated that the two actresses had failed to comply with earlier summons for the same reason, hence the issuance of the warrants. The petitioner submitted that the paper had published "very sexy blow-ups and medium blow-ups" in its December 2005 and January 2006 issues, and alleged that these violated the Indecent Representation of Women (Prohibition) Act 1986, Young Persons (Harmful Publications) Act 1956, and the Indian Penal Code Section 292 (Sale of Obscene Books). The petitioner further demanded that the images be confiscated under the terms of the Press and Registration of Book Act 1867.
Shetty responded that she had not received any court summons and also discounted the charges. She further claimed that the pictures were freeze-frame shots from a recent movie that only exposed her navel. "As far as my photographs go, what is obscene about it? If navel-showing is obscenity, then our traditional Indian outfit – the traditional sari – should be banned in the first place."
In January 2007 outgoing Chief Justice Y.K. Sabharwal confirmed that Shetty had written to him requesting that he enunciate guidelines against frivolous lawsuits against artists, but that he had refused her plea on the grounds that she should have filed a formal petition instead of writing a letter.
Celebrity Big Brother racism controversy.
During her time on "Celebrity Big Brother", Shetty was the target of racism and bullying by other housemates, chiefly by Jade Goody, Jo O'Meara and Danielle Lloyd. After mocking the east London dialect of Jade Goody's mother, who mispronounced her name as 'Shiwpa', Shetty was mocked for her Indian accent and was branded "The Indian" and a "dog". Disparaging conversations took place among the other housemates about Indian eating habits, and Shetty's cooking was criticised for giving O'Meara diarrhoea. After Shetty attempted to dispose of left-over chicken soup down the toilet and caused a blockage, Jack Tweed suggested that she should pick the bones out with her teeth and allegedly referred to her as a "fucking Paki", although show producers denied this and stated that the word used was "cunt". During a fierce argument, Goody told Shetty that she needed to "spend a day in the slums", although the media falsely reported this as "go back to the slums". Claiming that she did not know Shilpa's surname, Jade referred to her as "Shilpa Fuckawallah", "Shilpa Durupa", and "Shilpa Poppadom", later claiming that they were non-racist references to Indian food. Lloyd had opined that Shetty's English-speaking skills were lacking and verbally indicated her desire that Shetty would "fuck off home". Shetty had been reduced to tears on several occasions, confiding to fellow housemate Ian Watkins: "I feel like I'm losing my dignity."
Shetty speculated that she might be a victim of racism, but later retracted it by claiming: "People say things in anger." A record 40,000 complaints were received jointly by OFCOM and Channel 4 about the treatment of Shetty, 30 of which were formally investigated by Hertfordshire police. Carphone Warehouse suspended its sponsorship of the show and Louise Burfitt-Dons, the founder of the Act Against Bullying charity, branded Jade Goody's behaviour as "unforgivable". The controversy reached the British Parliament as an early day motion in the House of Commons was tabled. The row then escalated into an international diplomatic incident after a formal complaint from Indian Minister of State for External Affairs Anand Sharma lodged with then British PM Tony Blair that threatened to sour relations and damage trade between the two countries. In the city of Patna in Bihar, India, angry protestors marched in the streets and burned effigies in protest of the show, terming it 'Bigot Brother'.
During a parliamentary Prime Minister's Question Time session Blair responded that "We should oppose racism in all its forms." Gordon Brown, then Chancellor of the Exchequer, who was in India on a goodwill visit, condemned the controversy as "offensive" and the opposite of what Britain stood for: "I want Britain to be seen as a country of fairness and tolerance. Anything that detracts from that I condemn." In an official statement, Channel 4 denied that overt racial abuse or behaviour had been directed at Shetty, but acknowledged that a "cultural and class clash" was responsible for the disputes. After a thorough investigation, OFCOM made an unprecedented move and issued a ruling that Channel 4 were guilty of broadcasting potentially racist material, and required them to make multiple apologies on air during the next "Big Brother" season.
Richard Gere kissing incident.
On 15 April 2007, Richard Gere hugged and forcefully kissed Shetty on the cheek during an AIDS-awareness event. The pair were appearing at a press conference in New Delhi as part of a campaign to preach safe sex to truck drivers in India and promote AIDS awareness. In response, a number of protesters, including alleged members of the extremist Hindu group Shiv Sena, beat burning effigies of Gere with sticks. The protests occurred in a variety of cities, including Varanasi, Bhopal, Kanpur, Indore, Delhi and Mumbai. Others set fire to glamour shots of Shetty. Some groups demanded an apology from her and threatened to ban her movies in the state. Shiv Sena leaders denied involvement in the protests, but Shiv Sena member of parliament Sanjay Raut observed that the protests are "just a manifestation of the anger of the general public" and that there was "nothing wrong with expressing contempt at such an act".
Shetty responded to these protests by saying, "I understand this (kissing) is his (Gere's) culture, not ours. But this was not a big thing or so obscene for people to overreact in such a manner. I struggle to understand these people's sentiments, but mainly I do not want a foreigner to take bad memories from here."
On 26 April 2007, an Indian court in Rajasthan issued a warrant for Shetty and Gere's arrest.
A two-judge bench of the Supreme Court headed by the Chief Justice of India subsequently dismissed the suit and suspended the arrest warrants. Gere has since expressed regret for causing any offence and Shetty has said, "so much has been blown out of proportion."

</doc>
<doc id="18319116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319116" title="Lock Island (Nunavut)">
Lock Island (Nunavut)

Lock Island is a member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. It lies in Peel Sound, between northeastern Prince of Wales Island and northwestern Somerset Island.

</doc>
<doc id="18319119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319119" title="2562 (musician)">
2562 (musician)

Dave Huismans, better known by his stage name as 2562, is a musician from The Hague, Netherlands. Having previously released records of various musical styles under the monikers A Made Up Sound and Dogdaze, Huismans created 2562, under which his output is generally described as dubstep. The debut 2562 album, "Aerial" (Tectonic Records, 2008), was released to favourable reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="18319136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319136" title="Code Saturne">
Code Saturne

Code_Saturne is a general purpose computational fluid
dynamics free computer software package. Developed since 1997 at EDF R&D, "Code_Saturne" is distributed under the GNU GPL licence.
It is based on a co-located Finite Volume approach that accepts meshes with any type of cell (tetrahedral, hexahedral, prismatic, pyramidal, polyhedral…) and any type of grid structure (unstructured, block structured, hybrid, conforming or with hanging nodes…).
Its basic capabilities enable the handling of either incompressible or expandable flows with or without heat transfer and turbulence (mixing length, 2-equation models, v2f, Reynolds stress models, Large eddy simulation…).
Dedicated modules are available for specific physics such as radiative heat transfer, combustion (gas, coal, heavy fuel oil, …), magneto-hydro dynamics, compressible flows, two-phase flows (Euler-Lagrange approach with two-way coupling), extensions to specific applications (e.g. for atmospheric environment).
"Code_Saturne" can be coupled to thermal software SYRTHES for conjugate heat transfer. It can also be used jointly with structural analysis software "Code_Aster", in particular in the Salomé platform. SYRTHES and "Code_Aster" are developed by EDF and distributed under the GNU GPL licence.
Code Saturne install.
"Code_Saturne", may be installed on a Linux or other Unix-like system by downloading and building it. No system files are changed, so administrator privileges are not required if the code is installed in a user's directory. Packages for "Code_Saturne" are also available on Debian and Ubuntu. Alternatively, CAE Linux (latest version CAE Linux 2011), which is based on Ubuntu 10.04 LTS, includes "Code_Saturne" pre-installed.
A port to Windows systems, (using MinGW) is also underway, and mostly functional, though a binary distribution and specific installation instructions are not available yet.
Interoperability.
Code Saturne supports multiple mesh formats. The following formats, from opensource or commercial tools, are currently supported by Code Saturne:
Supported mesh input formats (source):
Supported post-processing output formats

</doc>
<doc id="18319155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319155" title="Flaming Gorge-Uintas Scenic Byway">
Flaming Gorge-Uintas Scenic Byway

The Flaming Gorge - Uintas Scenic Byway is a National Scenic Byway in the state of Utah. It spans approximately as it travels from Vernal, Utah northward through the Ashley National Forest and the Uintah Mountains to the area around Flaming Gorge National Recreation Area in the northeastern corner of the state.
Route description.
The south end of this route starts out in Vernal, Uintah County at the intersection of US-40 and US-191. From there, it travels north on US-191, enters Ashley National Forest, and passes Steinaker State Park and Red Fleet State Park as it starts to climb into the Uinta Mountains. It continues north on its climb, encountering several switchbacks before topping out close to in elevation. As it gradually starts to descend it enters Daggett County before it enters Flaming Gorge National Recreation Area. Just inside the recreation area boundaries, the route splits in two.
Taking the right branch continues on US-191 to the northeast, passing over an inlet to Flaming Gorge Reservoir via a suspension bridge, before crossing Flaming Gorge Dam, and passing by the town of Dutch John. From here the route curves back around the southwest portion of Flaming Gorge reservoir, travelling northwest to Dutch John Gap, turning north through the gap, and turning to the northeast again after exiting Flaming Gorge National Recreation Area, continuing until the Wyoming state border.
Taking the left branch, the route follows SR-44 westward, which forms the southern boundary of the recreation area in this area, roughly following the southern rim of Flaming Gorge, passing a turnoff to the Red Canyon Overlook and Visitors Center. As SR-44 approaches the western edge of the recreation area, it starts to turn in a northerly direction overall, descending in a series of turns as it approaches the southwestern tip of Flaming Gorge Reservoir and passes through Sheep Creek Gap. From this point, the route turns north, exits the recreation area, and continues a few miles further before it ends at the intersection of SR-43 in Manila.
History.
For the histories of this route's constituent highways prior to its scenic byway designation, refer to:
The scenic byway was formed in 1988 as Utah's first Forest Service Byway. It was added to the National Scenic Byways system on June 9, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18319183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319183" title="Lock Island (disambiguation)">
Lock Island (disambiguation)

Lock Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18319236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319236" title="Geva Carmel">
Geva Carmel

Geva Carmel (, "lit." Carmel Hill) is a moshav in northern Israel. Located near Atlit, it falls under the jurisdiction of Hof HaCarmel Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 851.
The moshav was established in 1949 by immigrants from Tunisia and Turkey, including Moshe Sardines, who later served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai. 
Built east of the village of al-Sarafand, it was named and built on the land the depopulated Palestinian village of Jaba', about 1 km northwest of the village site.

</doc>
<doc id="18319286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319286" title="Zhou Shuguang">
Zhou Shuguang

Zhou Shuguang () is a Chinese blogger and citizen journalist. He has become known for traveling around China to document injustice done to citizens.
Personal.
Zhou was born near Shaoshan in Hunan province, China. Since 2004, he has been writing a blog documenting many sensitive issues in China, such as freedom of speech, Tibet, "nailhouses" and government censorship of the media. His blog has attracted a lot of interest in China and as such the authorities have tried to shut it down on several occasions. However, Zhou hosts his blog from servers in the United States to get around the blocks. Zhou advocates further reform in China and as a result travels around the country documenting cases of injustice. During a visit to Hong Kong in 2007, he described it as a "harmonious society".
Zhou is mentioned as a prominent blogger in foreign media. In one instance, he was invited to attend the Deutsche Welle citizen journalist awards on November 27, 2008, but was prevented from doing so.
Activities.
2008 Tibetan unrest.
During the 2008 Tibetan unrest, Zhou posted pictures and translated information from foreign news articles that were not mentioned in the state media and posted them on his website.
2008 Guizhou riot.
During the 2008 Guizhou riot, Zhou travelled to the area where interviews with the girls parents and photos of the riots aftermath were published on his website. His and other bloggers work were a major reason four Communist Party, local government and security officials were eventually fired for misuse of power.
2008 Arrest.
On August 14, 2008 Zuola was detained for just over an hour in his hometown in Hunan province. He was able to tweet what was happening as he was led out of the house then forced into a vehicle where he was driven back to his hometown of Meitanba. After his release, Zuola's computer was returned, but he set under town arrest so he is not allowed to leave Meitanba.
Yang Jia case.
Zhou was critical of the impartiality of the court proceedings in the Yang Jia case and along with others, signed an online petition demanding authorities investigate the causes of Yang Jia's murdering spree.

</doc>
<doc id="18319367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319367" title="Ye Peijian">
Ye Peijian

Ye Peijian (Traditional Chinese: 葉培建, Simplified Chinese: 叶培建; January, 1945 - ), is a prominent Chinese expert on information technology and aerospace engineering. He is the current Chief Commander and Chief Designer of the Chinese Lunar Exploration Program (嫦娥工程).
Career.
Ye was born in Huzhuang Village, Taixing, Jiangsu Province in January 1945. 1962, he graduated from the Huzhou Middle School in Huzhou City, Zhejiang Province. 1967, he graduated from Zhejiang University, majored in radio technology. 1980, he went to study in Neuchâtel, Switzerland, and obtained PhD at University of Neuchâtel in 1985.
Ye is a professor both at the Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics and the Harbin Institute of Technology. He's a research fellow and the Chief Engineer at the Chinese Academy of Space Technology (CAST). 
Ye joined Communist Party of China in 1986. 2003, he became an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Ye can speak both English and French fluently.

</doc>
<doc id="18319378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319378" title="Hurricane Bertha (2008)">
Hurricane Bertha (2008)

Hurricane Bertha was both the longest-lived and easternmost developing July tropical storm on record. The second named storm, as well as the first hurricane and major hurricane of the annual hurricane season, Bertha originated as a tropical wave over western Africa on July 1. After emerging into the eastern Atlantic, favorable environmental conditions allowed the wave to organize into a tropical depression two days later. Early on July 3, the depression intensified into a tropical storm, and by July 7, the system had acquired enough organization to be considered a Category 1 hurricane. Turning towards the northwest, a period of rapid deepening ensued thereafter. Bertha intensified into a major hurricane—a Category 3 or higher on the Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale—at 1800 UTC and further intensified to reach its peak intensity with winds of 125 mph (205 km/h) three hours later. A period of substantial weakening began early on July 8 as the system entered a region of higher wind shear, though it attained a secondary peak as a Category 2 hurricane on July 10. Shortly thereafter, the system entered an eyewall replacement cycle while simultaneously tracking over cooler ocean waters; this caused Bertha to weaken to a tropical storm by July 13. Moving northeast, southeast, and eventually resuming its northeast motion, the system attained hurricane intensity once again very briefly before transitioning into anextratropical cyclone on July 20. The extratropical low was absorbed by a larger system the following day.
Following formation, Bertha produced light precipitation across Cape Verde. Several days later, preceding its track across a large portion of the Atlantic, the system brought several inches of rain to Bermuda. Tropical storm-force winds caused minimal damage in the form of broken tree limbs and downed power outages; however, no fatalities were reported. Large swells impacted the East Coast of the United States as the hurricane curved out to sea, resulting in two fatalities; in addition, one swimmer was never found and is presumed dead. Strong rip currents along the coastline of North Carolina injured four while at least sixty required rescuing; farther north, in New Jersey, at least 57 people had to be rescued. In Delaware, at least 55 people were injured.
Meteorological history.
Hurricane Bertha was first identified as a broad area of low pressure accompanying a tropical wave over western Africa in late June 2010. Tracking generally west-northwestward, the system emerged into the eastern Atlantic Ocean on July 1. Steady development took place as convection – thunderstorm activity – consolidated around its center, and spiral banding became better established. At 0300 UTC on July 3, the wave and associated low-pressure area was deemed sufficiently organized to be designated as Tropical Depression Two while centered roughly 220 mi (350 km) south-southeast of the Cape Verde Islands. At this time, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) noted that the depression displayed intense convection near the center and increasingly pronounced banding features in the northwestern portion of the circulation. Additionally, the organization mentioned that the global models performed well in predicting the tropical cyclogenesis of Bertha, with the Global Forecast System (GFS) forecasting development of Bertha a week out. Six hours later, the depression attained gale-force winds, and was subsequently upgraded to Tropical Storm Bertha after satellite estimates from both the Satellite Analysis Branch (SAB) and Tropical Analysis and Forecast Brach (TAFB) supported an intensity of 40 mph (55 km/h).
Moving west-northwestward around the southern periphery of a mid-level ridge situated over the central Atlantic, Bertha briefly stopped intensifying as cloud tops associated with the system warmed; despite this, banding features remained well-defined. However, the intensification process began shortly thereafter as a burst of deep convection developed atop the cyclone's center. The system was located within an environment conducive for strengthening, although it was noted in the 5:00 p.m. AST (2100 UTC) forecast discussion that Bertha would soon be entering an area of cooler sea surface temperatures. Continuing towards the west-northwest, the tropical storm remained consistent in its intensity through the overnight hours of July 4, characterized at the time with a new burst of convection developing atop Bertha's center. Early the following day, satellite imagery revealed a ragged appearance in association with Bertha as it passed over sea surface temperatures near 77 °F (25 °C), values below the threshold needed to sustain a tropical cyclone. However, over the following hours, satellite imagery revealed a slightly better organized Bertha as the system entered an area of warmer sea surface temperatures.
During the afternoon hours of July 6, a series of microwave imagery depicted Bertha's low-level circulation tilted to the southwest of its mid-level center. Additionally, an eye-like feature became apparent, an indication that Bertha was gathering strength. A deep ring of convection surrounded this eye feature, and upper-level outflow spread towards the west. The system continued to intensify over the following hours, and given Bertha's microwave imagery appearance on July 7, the NHC upgraded the system to Category 1 hurricane status on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale, the first of the season. At this time, the NHC predicted a peak intensity just below Category 2 hurricane status as an approaching trough produces high vertical wind shear began to impede on the system's development after 48 hours. Despite this, Bertha continued to intensify, and began a period of rapid intensification during the afternoon hours of July 7. During this time, Bertha intensified 50 mph (85 km/h) in a 15 hour period. At 5:00 p.m. AST (2100 UTC), Bertha reached its peak intensity as a strong Category 3 hurricane with winds of 125 mph (205 km/h) and a minimum barometric pressure of 952 mbar (hPa; 28.11 inHg).
After reaching peak intensity, satellite imagery revealed a rapid degradation in Bertha's structure. The well-defined eye previously observed had become cloud-filled and ragged, and microwave imagery evidenced that the western portion of the eyewall had eroded. This rapid weakening was likely due to the hurricane encountering an area of higher wind shear, cooler sea surface temperatures, and dry air entrainment. The advisory issued at 1100 a.m. AST (1500 UTC) dropped Bertha's maximum sustained winds to 100 mph (155 km/h), although it was noted that this could be conservative. Further weakening occurred over the next 24 hours as Bertha encountered unfavorable conditions for strengthening. However, after a decrease in wind shear, Bertha intensified to attain Category 2 hurricane status on July 10. While performing a gradual northward turn, Bertha fluctuated in intensity for several days while maintaining hurricane intensity.
By July 13, Bertha had weakened to a tropical storm while located a few hundred miles to the southeast of Bermuda. Turning northward before dipping southeastward, Bertha remained a tropical storm until July 18, at which time it was upgraded to a hurricane once again. It remained at this intensity until unfavorable conditions led to subsequent weakening on July 20. Bertha weakened to a tropical storm and transitioned into an extratropical cyclone shortly after. Its extratropical remnants persisted for the following 24 hours as they moved northeastward into the northern Atlantic, about midday between the island of Newfoundland and the Azores.
Preparations, impact, and records.
As a tropical storm, Bertha dropped rainfall over the southern Cape Verde islands. No damages or deaths were reported.
On July 7, Bermuda residents began purchasing lamps, tarpaulins and flashlights in anticipation of Hurricane Bertha. In the sudden rush, some stores sold out of batteries. Bermuda Public Safety Minister Senator David Burch called a meeting of the island's Emergency Measures Organisation for the night of July 9. He also urged residents to prepare "emergency supply kits" of flashlights and batteries, a first aid kit, nonperishable foods, water and disposable utensils. On July 10 the Department of Parks placed high surf warning signs along the South Shore beaches as Bertha sent strong waves ahead of its path. On July 11 at 11 am AST the Bermuda Weather Service issued a tropical storm watch for the island, and 24 hours later this was raised to a tropical storm warning. On July 13, barricades were erected at all of the island's beaches, which were closed to swimming and watersports.
All flights into and out of Bermuda were disrupted on July 14 as the storm made its final approach to the island. JetBlue and Delta Air Lines canceled their flights while American Airlines executed its flights to Miami and New York a day early, escaping before the tropical storm arrived. British Airways delayed its flight to the afternoon, hoping that the storm would have passed by the time its plane arrives. Ferry service to St. Georges was canceled for the whole day, and all other routes outside of Hamilton Harbour were canceled after their morning runs. Some roads flooded, and tree branches were broken around the island. The wind downed power lines, causing scattered power outages, but engineers from the Bermuda Electric Light Company were reattaching cables immediately, even during the height of the storm. Even as Bertha was passing to the east of the island and delivering tropical storm force winds, worries that it might re-strengthen to a hurricane before clearing the island prompted the government of Bermuda to issue a hurricane watch. A total of of rainfall fell at their international airport.
The hurricane produced strong waves and rip currents along the East Coast of the United States, which caused three deaths along the coastline of New Jersey. On July 12, a 51-year old man died after suddenly losing consciousness during his rescue. On July 13, three men swam out to a buoy about 300 ft (91.4 m) off the coast of Wildwood Beach when they were overcome by the rough surf. One swimmer was found unconscious in the water and pronounced dead at the scene, the second was never found and presumed dead, and the third was rescued. During the event, a total of 57 people had to be rescued along the coast of New Jersey. Three rip currents also caused 55 injuries throughout beaches in Delaware. The injuries ranged from minor scrapes to broken bones. Four people were also injured in North Carolina, one of which nearly drowned as he had aspirated water shortly before a lifeguard rescued him. At least 60 people had to be rescued from the rough seas over a two day span.
Hurricane Bertha holds the records for the longest-lived July Atlantic tropical cyclone at 17 days, and the easternmost forming tropical storm, at 24.7°W. The system is also the sixth strongest pre-August Atlantic tropical cyclone on record and was the third strongest July storm on record, behind Dennis and Emily of 2005. Additionally, Bertha was the longest-lived tropical cyclone in the Atlantic Basin since Ivan in 2004. The system produced of rainfall on the island of Bermuda, making it the 10th wettest storm in recorded history at that location.

</doc>
<doc id="18319400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319400" title="Lepidium latipes">
Lepidium latipes

Lepidium latipes is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name San Diego pepperweed. It is native to California and Baja California, where it grows in alkaline soils in a number of habitat types. 
Description.
This is an annual herb producing a short, thick, hairy stem generally under 10 centimeters tall but sometimes taller. Leaves are linear in shape and several centimeters long. The plant produces a dense inflorescence of many tiny, hairy flowers with green petals, their sepals packed between them. The fruit is a cylindrical, oblong capsule about half a centimeter long. 

</doc>
<doc id="18319486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319486" title="Woodstock Film Festival">
Woodstock Film Festival

The Woodstock Film Festival is an American film festival that was launched in 2000 by filmmakers Meira Blaustein and Laurent Rejto with the goal to bring high quality independent film to the Hudson Valley region. The festival takes place each fall in the towns of Woodstock, Rosendale, Rhinebeck, Saugerties and Kingston, in the height of fall foliage. 
The Woodstock Film Festival is a not-for-profit, 501(c)(3) organization with a mission to present an annual program and year-round schedule of film, music, and art-related activities that promotes artists, culture, inspired learning, and diversity.
Their sister organization, the Hudson Valley Film Commission promotes sustainable economic development by attracting and supporting film, video, and media production.
History.
With offices located in the heart of Woodstock, NY, the first fiercely independent inaugural festival ran September 21–24, 2000. It included workshops, documentaries, concerts and films from all over the world. Speakers at the inaugural festival's workshops included actor Aidan Quinn, documentary filmmakers Albert Maysles, Barbara Kopple and D. A. Pennebaker, filmmaker Les Blank and Ron Nyswaner, who wrote the screenplay for "Philadelphia". 
The second annual event was held despite falling only nine days after the terrorists attacks of September 11, 2001, despite some initial concerns. The festival's co-founder, Meira Blaustein said of the decision not to postpone the festival, "This is such an incredible event, so many dreams are realized here – it must continue," and noted that the event was dedicated to "the men, women and children who lost their lives in the September 11 tragedies."
Now in its 14th year, the Woodstock Film Festival has garnered the praise of the film industry and is noted as being "one of the top 50 film festivals in the world." Programming between 130-150 films, concerts, panels and parties each year, WFF draws films from the far reaches of Siberia to locally shot films right in the Hudson Valley, NY. With categories of programming such as; shorts, animation, music videos, focus on music, exposure, world cinema and Hudson Valley films.
Notable attendees.
The festival has featured many high-powered members of the film community. These have included industry executives, network and cable executives, record label executives, writers, entertainment lawyers, producers, and critics. Some notable attendees have included Kevin Bacon, Keanu Reeves, Steve Buscemi, Matt Dillon, Olympia Dukakis, Woody Harrelson, Ethan Hawke, Daniel Day-Lewis, Laura Linney, Parker Posey, Aidan Quinn, Kevin Smith, Tim Robbins, Tim Blake Nelson, Ellen Barkin, Vincent D'Onofrio, Vera Farmiga, Jonathan Demme, Timothy Hutton, Lori Singer and Mark Ruffalo.
Advisory Board.
The Woodstock Film Festival advisory board is made up of top industry representatives including Judy Arthur, Eamonn Bowles, Robin Bronk, Ellen Chenoweth, Claude Dal Farra, Vincent D'Onofrio, Griffin Dunne, Martha Frankel, Leon Gast, Jonathan Gray, Ethan Hawke, Sabine Hoffman, Gill Holland, Ted Hope, Michael Lang, Melissa Leo, Jeremiah Newton, Stephen Nemeth, Annie Nocenti, Ron Nyswaner, Bill Plympton, Aidan Quinn, Peter Saraf, Steve Savage, Liev Schreiber, Zachary Sklar, John Sloss, Fisher Stevens, David Strathairn, and Lemore Syvan.
Awards presented.
The Woodstock Film Festival is a competitive festival that offers cash and in-kind prizes in a variety of categories.
The festival's "Maverick Awards," held the Saturday night of the festival are given for:
Maverick Award Honorees.
The Honorary Maverick Award is given each year to a fixture in the world of film, typically veteran directors, actors or industry professionals who have left their permanent mark on entertainment. Past recipients have included:
Director Jonathan Demme (2012), Director Tony Kaye (2011), Director Bruce Beresford (2010), Director Richard Linklater (2009), Comedian, Director Kevin Smith (2008), Producer Christine Vachon (2007), Filmmaker Barbara Kopple (2006), Actor Steve Buscemi (2005), Director Mira Nair (2004), Actor Woody Harrelson (2003), Actor Tim Robbins (2002), D.A. Pennebaker and Chris Hegedus (2001), Filmmaker Les Blank (2000)
The Meera Gandhi Giving Back Award was initiated in 2011. The award honors those who fight to give back to the world and have championed a cause or charity throughout their careers. Mark Ruffalo ("The Avengers, The Kids Are All Right, Shutter Island") received the first annual Giving Back Award in 2011 for his anti-fracking efforts in New York State. The 2012 award went to actor Tim Blake Nelson ("Lincoln, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, Leaves of Grass"). The monetary element of the award was given to the 52nd Street Project, a theater program for the children of the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood allowing them to experience acting, orchestrating their own performances and expressing their creativity in a healthy manner. 
Trailblazer recipients have included professionals in the entertainment industry who have made an impact in their craft. Past recipients have included Robin Bronk CEO of the Creative Coalition (2011), marketing and distribution guru Bob Berney (2010), Ted Hope (2009), James Schamus (2008), Ted Sarandos (2007), Jonathan Sehring (2006), John Sloss (2005).
Year-Round Programming.
The Woodstock Film Festival continues the spread of independent film after the fall festival has ended. In conjunction with the Hudson Valley Programmer's Group, the Woodstock Film Festival holds year-round tours of select films all throughout the Hudson Valley.
The festival also holds a yearly Career Day, focused on bringing direct insight from the film world to aspiring students. Since its inception as an educational not-for-profit organization, the Woodstock Film Festival has been committed to youth and education as a means to positive development, conflict resolution and growth opportunity.
In addition to providing classes and internships for local schools, the Woodstock Film Festival has presented special workshops and seminars designed to stimulate and to provide resources not readily available in the local area. Additionally, local film production opportunities, made available through the Hudson Valley Film Commission have provided career opportunities.

</doc>
<doc id="18319498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319498" title="Global Entry">
Global Entry

Global Entry is a program being piloted by U.S. Customs and Border Protection that allows pre-approved, low-risk travelers to receive expedited clearance upon arrival into the United States.
Enrollment.
To enroll in Global Entry, applicants must first file an application with Customs and Border Protection, and then submit to an interview and background check. There is a $100 non-refundable fee for the application. During the interview, the applicant's fingerprints are captured and a digital photo is taken. Applicants are also given instruction on how to use the automated kiosk. Once an application is approved, the applicant may use the Global Entry kiosk at any participating airport for a duration of 5 years. Renewal requires an additional fee.
Entry procedure.
Enrolled users must present their machine-readable Passport or permanent residency card and submit their fingerprints to establish identity. Users then complete a computerized Customs Declaration, and are issued a receipt instructing them to either proceed to baggage claim, or to a normal inspection booth for a normal interview.
Enrollment eligibility.
According to the Global Entry website, "Global Entry is open to U.S. citizens, lawful permanent residents, Dutch citizens, South Korean citizens, German citizens (this is in pilot phase and German citizens wishing to participate in Global Entry must already be members of Easypass), and Mexican nationals. Canadian and United States citizens who are members of the NEXUS program receive Global Entry benefits.
On 27 September 2013, India welcomed an offer of membership to the U.S. Global Entry Trusted Traveler Network Program by the United States.
TSA PreCheck.
Members of Global Entry (along with members of NEXUS and SENTRI), may use TSA PreCheck on all participating airlines by entering their Customs and Border Protection ID number from their Global Entry card into their flight reservation information or into their frequent flyer account.
Program history.
During the 1990s and early 2000s, the U.S.Immigration and Naturalization Service operated INSPASS, a trusted traveler program designed to integrate with Canadian and European programs, at New York-JFK and Newark Airport. INSPASS operated with a similar system, identifying travelers with their handprint. The program was discontinued in 2002 when the INS was merged with U.S. Customs to form U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
The Global Entry program was initially deployed at a small number of airports, including New York-JFK (Terminal 4), Washington-Dulles and Houston-Intercontinental. Following a good reception by travelers, the program was expanded to include Los Angeles International, Atlanta-Hartsfield, Chicago-O'Hare and Miami International Airport. 
In May 2009, Global Entry membership was expanded to include Netherlands citizens who are also members of The Netherlands Privium trusted traveler program under the FLUX (Fast Low-risk Universal Crossing) alliance. Present members of Global Entry are now permitted to apply to join the Privium program at Amsterdam-Schiphol International Airport allowing entry into the Schengen area. Members of NEXUS and SENTRI are also entitled to use Global Entry.
Participants may enter the United States (or, in the case of Canadian airports, the United States pre-clearance area) by utilizing automated kiosks located at the following airports: 
The * indicate that there are no enrollment centers at these sites
Analogous systems in other countries.
Automated gate[http://www.moj.go.jp/nyuukokukanri/kouhou/nyukan63.html], the Japanese equivalent to the US program, has free registration. It is similar in that a passport and fingerprint is scanned at a kiosk to pass.
The Australian SmartGate system is available to all Australian and New Zealand citizens with a biometric passport and requires no preregistration. It is similar to its US counterpart however uses facial recognition technology to process passengers. Use of the Australian SmartGate is now open to those enrolled in the US Global Entry Trusted Traveler system.
The e-Channel in Hong Kong is situated at all border crossing points. A person who holds a Hong Kong permanent identity card (SmartID) inserts the card into a slot and gets fingerprinted to pass through the gate.
Taiwan's e-Gate is a free automated entry system for citizens and certain classes of residents and frequent visitors. Users simply scan their travel documents at the gate and are passed through for facial recognition. Electronic fingerprinting is used when facial recognition fails. Registration is available at the immigration counter right at the port of entry.
Germany's federal police also offers Easypass automated border control at major airports such as Frankfurt. It recently started a pilot called ABG+ with GlobalEntry. [http://www.germany.info/Vertretung/usa/de/05__Dienstleistungen/06__Reisehinweise/01__Visa/Global__Entry.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18319503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319503" title="Kelvin Torve">
Kelvin Torve

Kelvin Curtis Torve was a Major League Baseball player. He played with the Minnesota Twins in 1988 and with the New York Mets in and . He also played two seasons in Japan for the Orix BlueWave in and . Torve batted left and threw right.
Torve is one of three players to have made it to the major leagues who played for the storied Rapid City Post 22 American Legion baseball program in Rapid City, SD. The other two are Dave Collins and Mark Ellis.

</doc>
<doc id="18319513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319513" title="Shanti (album)">
Shanti (album)

"シャンティ" (Shanti) is the second studio album from Japanese singer Hitomi Shimatani. It was released on June 12, 2002, and hit #1 on the Oricon charts. Since then, it was last recorded as having sold around 438,447 copies. Thus far, it is her highest-selling studio album, and her only one to top the Oricon weekly charts.
The album also contains 亜麻色の髪の乙女, Shimatani's highest-selling single to date with 375,000 copies sold.

</doc>
<doc id="18319549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319549" title="John Bannister Gibson">
John Bannister Gibson

John Bannister Gibson (November 8, 1780 – May 3, 1853) was a Pennsylvania attorney, politician in the state legislature, and judge, including years on the Pennsylvania Supreme Court from 1816 to his death in 1853. He served as Chief Justice on the court for 24 years.
Early life.
Born in Perry County, Pennsylvania, Gibson was named for John Banister, a Virginia hero of the American Revolution. Gibson's father, George Gibson, also fought in the war and remained in service after its end. George Gibson was killed in an expedition to the Great Black Swamp in northwest Ohio during the Northwest Indian Wars, when Gibson was eleven years old.
In 1795 or 1796, Gibson was sent to Dickinson College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, where he remained about four years. Apparently Gibson did not take his degree, and the tradition is that he made very little mark as a student, though his latent abilities, or rather, his occasional and spasmodic indications of ability, were recognized by a few. Judge Hugh Brackenridge of the state Supreme Court, who lived in Carlisle, took some notice of the tall and awkward young student, and gave him the use of his library, the best in the town, which Gibson greatly appreciated.
On leaving college, Gibson read law in Carlisle, in the office of Thomas Duncan, a lawyer of sound and thorough, if not brilliant ability, well versed in the learning of the time. In 1803, Gibson was admitted to the bar in Cumberland County, and later in the same year at Pittsburgh. In 1804, he was admitted in Beaver County, and he also practiced for a short time in Hagerstown, Maryland.
In 1809, Gibson was elected on the Democratic tickets to the Pennsylvania state legislature, and again in 1810. As chairman of the judiciary committee, he secured the passage of the Act of 1812, abolishing survivorship as an incident of joint tenancy. 
In 1811 he championed the cause of Judge Thomas Cooper against impeachment proceedings. The legislature heard testimony that Cooper "berated lawyers, denigrated witnesses... carried deadly weapons to court... and decided a case in which he had a financial stake." The legislature voted to remove the judge.
Marriage and family.
Gibson was married in 1812 to Sarah Work Galbraith of Carlisle. They had eight children, five of whom survived to adulthood.
Judicial career.
In 1813, Governor Simon Snyder appointed Gibson as judge of the new Eleventh judicial district. Gibson took up his residence at Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, where he first held court in a log-house.
Pennsylvania Supreme Court service.
On June 27, 1816, he was appointed by Governor Simon Snyder as an associate-justice of the Supreme Court, to fill the place vacated by the death of his friend, Hugh Brackenridge. He joined Chief Justice William Tilghman and Justice Jasper Yeates. Placed, at the age of thirty-six, in so responsible and dignified a position, and brought into close contact with the wide learning and experience of these veteran judges, Gibson quickly realized his deficiencies. He studied laboriously during the first years of his service on the supreme bench, and became engrossed in the law. He acquired a vast and accurate knowledge which gave him, as the years passed, a sureness and mastery, rarely equaled by any judge, in dealing with all questions presented.
In 1817, on the death of Judge Yeates, Thomas Duncan was appointed to the vacancy, largely, it is supposed, through the influence of Gibson. He served with his preceptor on the bench as his junior associate.
A constitutional amendment in 1838 changed the tenure of office of the Supreme Court justices from life to a term of fifteen years. It provided that the commissions of the judges then in office should expire at intervals of three years, in the order of their seniority as of January i, 1839. Judge Gibson had opposed this change on broad grounds of public policy. At the suggestion of his associates, he resigned and was reappointed by Governor Joseph Ritner in 1838, thus prolonging his term by several years. This action was criticized by the newspapers.
An 1850 state constitutional amendment provided that the judges of the Supreme Court should be elected instead of being appointed by the governor. At the Democratic Party convention in 1851, the only member of the existing court who was placed upon the ticket was Chief Justice Gibson. 
"The nomination," says Judge Porter, "was an act of high homage to his character. It was the result of that feeling. He was more than seventy years of age, too old, if he had been willing, to accomplish by his own energy anything to promote his nomination, and as unacquainted as a child with partisan politics and with party leaders. In one sense, the nomination was a rebuke to himself. He had seldom lost an opportunity to express his want of confidence in popular action, and his disapprobation of every movement designed to enlarge the boundaries of popular power. He took as little pains to conceal his sentiments on this point as on all others, and while he expressed them decorously he uttered them boldly. It must, therefore, have cost him some surprise, if not compunction, to find that carrying into effect the very movement of which he had most horror, the people, through their representatives, chose to retain their hold of him as one of their most important public servants."
The judges drew lots for the terms, the law providing that one of them should go out of office every three years. Jeremiah Black drew the shortest term, and with it the office of Chief Justice. Gibson was commissioned as associate in the court where he had sat as Chief Justice for twenty-four years. 
Soon after his election as justice, Gibson became severely ill. His mind was as sharp as ever, but he was left physically frail. In the spring of 1853, he went to Philadelphia, against the protest of his physicians, to attend the meeting of the court. He died there on May 3, in his room in the United States Hotel, on Chestnut Street between Fifth and Sixth. He was buried at Carlisle, close to the graves of Brackenridge and Duncan.
Sources.
This work incorporates material from Samuel Dreher Matlack, "JOHN BANNISTER GIBSON. 1780-1853." in William Draper Lewis, "Great American Lawyers" (1909), pp. 351-404.

</doc>
<doc id="18319569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319569" title="KTES-LP">
KTES-LP

KTES-LP is the low-powered This TV affiliate for the Abilene-Sweetwater television market. Founded in 1995 and owned by Bonten Media Group, it broadcasts on UHF channel 40. The station is also simulcast on the third digital subchannel of KTXS-TV. The station previously carried Telemundo, but switched to This TV on September 1, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18319622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319622" title="Sarmad Rasheed">
Sarmad Rasheed


</doc>
<doc id="18319643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319643" title="Scots Grey">
Scots Grey

The Scots Grey, originally titled the "Scotch Grey", is a breed of chicken originating in Scotland. It is so named because of its striped plumage, which is called either Barred or Cuckoo by poultry enthusiasts. Though superficially similar to breeds such as the Cuckoo Marans and Barred Plymouth Rock, the Scots Grey's feathers have a less distinct pattern with a steel-gray base. It can also be sexually differentiated based on color of the adult birds, as hens usually have a noticeably darker hue. Scots Grey are relatively heavy chickens, with hens weighing 7-9 pounds (3.2-4 kilos), and roosters weighing 9-11 pounds (4-5 kilos).
In body type, Scots Grey are tall, upright chickens. Though they share a place of origin and often color with the Scots Dumpy, this height can be used to set the two apart. Scots Grey have white skin, a single comb, and red earlobes. They are considered to be dual-purpose, laying both a good amount of white eggs and producing wholesome meat. In temperament, they are active birds that do best under free range conditions, and may develop destructive habits when confined. They are hardy, and can forage well. Hens are not generally inclined to go broody.
History.
They are believed to originate from the Lanarkshire area in Southern-Scotland. Scots Grey have been known in their country since the 16th century, and were developed as barnyard fowl for small farms and crofts. Breeds which are thought to have influenced their development include Dorkings and Malays. Though they have been popular among poultry fanciers for exhibition, and have their own breed club, they are classed as an endangered breed by the Rare Breeds Survival Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="18319646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319646" title="Roberts Lake">
Roberts Lake

Roberts Lake is a reservoir at 5010 Roberts Lake Road in Rohnert Park, California, USA. Named after Arthurt N. Roberts, a five-term mayor who died in 1986, it is the centerpiece of Roberts Lake Park, a city park.
The lake is the site of an annual free fishing derby for children fifteen years and under. Fish species found in the lake include rainbow trout, bluegill, crappie, channel catfish, carp, and largemouth bass.

</doc>
<doc id="18319662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319662" title="Dave Van Ronk, Folksinger">
Dave Van Ronk, Folksinger

Dave Van Ronk, Folksinger was a 1963 album by American folksinger Dave Van Ronk.
History.
"Folksinger" was recorded in April 1962 during the same sessions that produced "Inside Dave Van Ronk" (Prestige FL 14025) and that would all end up on the Fantasy Records 1989 CD release, "Inside Dave Van Ronk". That combination was released as a double LP set in 1972 as "Van Ronk" (not the 1969 album of the same name). Songs from "Folksinger" along with selections from "Inside Dave Van Ronk" and "In the Tradition" were also released on the Big Beat label in the compilation "Hesitation Blues".
Reception.
Allmusic gave it a 5 of 5 stars in their review and stated "This is a vital touchstone of Americana and likewise is highly recommended as a key component of any serious collection of 20th century folk music." It is the only Van Ronk album to have received 5/5 stars from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="18319697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319697" title="Sport in the Falkland Islands">
Sport in the Falkland Islands

Sport in the Falkland Islands is restricted by the islands' low, and generally scattered, population. Nonetheless, it has been able to send teams to the Commonwealth Games, and the Island Games.
The islands have produced one sportsman of note, Louis Baillon, who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics in the field hockey team.
Race meetings are held from time to time, especially as many islanders still own horses.
A wide variety of sports are played in the Falkland Islands including: rugby union [http://www.falklandsconservation.com/news/news0101.html][http://www.mysterra.org/webmag/falkland-islands/population.html], Badminton, Clay pigeon, darts, karate, marathon, golf, field hockey, netball, yachting, squash, tennis, table tennis, volleyball, kayaking and target shooting.
Because of the large British military presence, many games involve their teams.
The Falklands Islands Rifle Association dates back to the 1880s.

</doc>
<doc id="18319721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319721" title="818 Naval Air Squadron">
818 Naval Air Squadron

818 Naval Air Squadron was a Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm carrier based squadron formed in August 1939. It served on a number of the Navy's aircraft carriers during the Second World War, serving in most of the theatres of the war, before decommissioning at the end of the war.
History.
Norway and the Mediterranean.
818 Squadron was formed as a torpedo reconnaissance squadron at Evanton in August 1939. This was some two months earlier than had originally been planned, owing to the increased threat of war. The squadron was initially equipped with nine Fairey Swordfish Is, and then embarked on HMS "Ark Royal" at the navy's base at Scapa Flow. "Ark Royal" was then deployed to search for enemy shipping off Norway. 818 Squadron then transferred to in April 1940, after the German invasion of Norway. On 11 April aircraft from the squadron attacked two German destroyers in Trondheim Fjord.
The squadron then moved ashore, spending the period between May and June 1940 flying out of Thorney and RAF Carew Cheriton, working with RAF Coastal Command in the English Channel. They returned to "Ark Royal" in mid-June, and sailed with her to the Mediterranean. They were used in the Attack on Mers-el-Kébir, carrying out strikes against the Vichy-French battleship "Strasbourg". They again saw action in attacks on Italian targets on Sicily, and in the Battle of Cape Spartivento, with attacks on the Italian battleship "Littorio" on 27 November 1940. They were also involved in providing air cover for the Malta Convoys, and in February 1941 carried out attacks on targets at Livorno, Genoa, Pisa and La Spezia.
Hunting the "Bismarck".
The breakout into the Atlantic of the German battleship "Bismarck" in May 1941 led to the "Ark Royal" being ordered into the Atlantic with the British fleet to hunt and sink the German ship. When the "Bismarck" was located, aircraft from 810 and 818 Naval Air Squadrons carried out attacks. Eventually a Swordfish of 818 Squadron, probably the one piloted by Sub-Lt. John Moffat, struck "Bismarck"’s aft with a torpedo, jamming her rudder in a turn to starboard. Unable to manoeuvre, the "Bismarck" swung around in a wide circle, allowing the ships of Force H to catch up and sink the "Bismarck".
The Mediterranean and Far East.
The squadron later had their Swordfish replaced by nine Fairey Albacore Is, and they were embarked aboard in February 1942. "Formidable" then sailed to Ceylon to counter Japanese attacks, but by June a reduction in the threat of such attacks led to the squadron being disbanded. It was reformed at RNAS Lee-on-Solent in October 1942 and was equipped with Swordfish IIs. They sailed aboard in March 1943 to provide cover for convoys to Gibraltar. Six aircraft from the squadron were used that August for operations during the allied invasion of Sicily.
The squadron then returned to the Far East aboard HMS "Unicorn" in November 1943, where they were assigned to the Eastern Fleet. They went ashore at Ceylon, and were disbanded at Cochin in October 1944. They were again reformed, this time at RNAS Rattray in May 1945, and equipped with 18 Fairey Barracuda IIs, to operate as a torpedo bomber reconnaissance squadron. It had been planned that the squadron would join the 22nd Carrier Air Group in one of the new "Colossus" class aircraft carriers, but the end of the war with Japan in August 1945 meant that the squadron was again disbanded, on Victory over Japan Day, 15 August.

</doc>
<doc id="18319738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319738" title="Boutros Salim AbouNader">
Boutros Salim AbouNader

Boutros Salim AbouNader (born 20 May 1932 in Baskinta, Lebanon) is a former Lebanese civil aviation pilot. He was one of the first four Lebanese pilots to achieve the rank of Captain in any airline, and has worked for Middle East Airlines (MEA) for over 50 years. 
In 1951 Boutros began work as an Air Traffic Controller for Beirut airport where he remained until 1955. He then moved to the America to train for his Private Pilot License (PPL), his Commercial Pilot License (CPL), his Instrument Flight (IFL) qualification and his Multi-Engine Rating (MER) qualification which he completed between 1955-57. He then moved back to Lebanon to fly for MEA.
Although he only flew three flights in a Douglas DC-3 as a trainee co-pilot before becoming a 1st Officer in 1957, this was not uncommon for the time. He continued to fly DC-3s until 1958, when he flew as a co-pilot on the Avro York and then a Vickers Viscount in 1959. He remained flying the latter as a co-pilot until 3 February 1965 when he flew his first flight as Captain. This coincided with a move to the de Havilland Comet 4C.
In May 1965 Boutros flew the first aircraft onto the new asphalt runway of Dubai International Airport as part of the official opening ceremony. Interestingly, in 1963 he had been the co-pilot of a Vickers Viscount which accidentally landed on the uncompleted new runway of Heliopolis Airport, prior to its re-opening as Cairo International Airport.
He then went on to pilot the Convair CV-990A and Boeing 707 in 1968 and 1969 due to the destruction of 13 MEA aircraft in December 1968 as the result of an Israeli commando raid. MEA extended its fleet in 1975 to include a number of Boeing 747-200B and Boutros flew one of the first two of these aircraft from Seattle to Beirut International Airport and on the 4th of April 1975 he was made a Knight of the Order of the Cedar.
In 1992 he had reached MEAs standard retirement age of 60, having flow for the airline since the 16 December 1957. However, due to a lack of qualified Check-and-Training pilots, the airline extraordinarily renewed his contract for this role until 1995, whereupon they again extended his contract to enable him to remain with the airline in his current part-time advisory role.
During his time with MEA he became the Assistant Vice-President of Operations, the Vice-President of Operations and Services and the Vice-President of Special Assignments. He flew for over 20,000 air hours and approximately 7,000 simulation hours.

</doc>
<doc id="18319756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319756" title="Pather Panchali (disambiguation)">
Pather Panchali (disambiguation)

Pather Panchali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18319784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319784" title="The Forbidden City (Grey Star)">
The Forbidden City (Grey Star)

The Forbidden City is the second book in the World of Lone Wolf book series created by Joe Dever and written by Ian Page. It is one of four books in the mini-series and features Grey Star, for whom the first book is named, a young Wizard trained by the enigmatic Shianti to stop the Wytch-King and his Shadakine Empire. All four of the Grey Star books were released by Project Aon along with many of the other installments of the Lone Wolf series.
Gameplay.
The gameplay of the World of Lone Wolf series is very much like the other Lone Wolf books, but features a few key differences. One is the inclusion of Willpower, which can be used for various Magical effects in the game, and maybe most importantly to loose a blast of Magic from your Wizards Staff when it is in your possession. The ability to vanquish some enemies with the expenditure of a Willpower point or two introduces a key strategic consideration in which the reader must choose between the likely loss of Endurance that comes with fighting enemies, and the amount of Willpower that should be saved for later in the story.
Plot.
The series plays for the most part at the tip of south-eastern Magnamund, in the land then known as the Shadakine Empire. A tyrant called Shasarak the Wytch-King has subjugated the people and with the help of seven Shadaki Wytches is ruling with an iron fist. The Second installment of the World of Lone Wolf series takes place after Grey Star has found the Lost Tribe of Azanam. Grey Star begins his journey with the aid of a Kundi mystic named Urik, and journeys through Desolation Valley, beyond the Mountains of Morn. There, he makes new allies, faces new dangers, and helps to stoke the flames of a fledgling rebellion against the Shadakine Empire, all in a desperate attempt to find the Shadow Gate and travel through it to the Daziarn plane and retrieve the Moonstone of the Shianti.

</doc>
<doc id="18319801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319801" title="Utah State Route 45">
Utah State Route 45

State Route 45 (SR-45) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah. It runs from Dragon Road south of Bonanza in Uintah County north to US-40 in Naples, south of Vernal. The route spans south–north.
The route was added to the state highway system in 1925 and numbered in 1927, originally running from US-40 southeast to the Colorado state line. Subsequently, the highway was moved to a new road in 1943, truncated to Bonanza in 1968, and again moved and extended in 1982.
Route description.
The route begins at the intersection of Dragon Road south of Bonanza as a two-lane undivided road. From there, it heads north-northwest and passes through Bonanza. Past the settlement, the route goes in a northwest direction for the rest of its path and enters in Naples as 1500 East, where it terminates at US-40.
History.
The road now known as Snake John Reef Road, running southeast from SR-6 (US-40) to the state line, was added to the state highway system in 1925 and numbered SR-45 in 1927. Across the state line, this connected with the original alignment of State Highway 64. In 1943, the route was shifted west, now following Old Bonanza Highway from US-40 south to Bonanza. An extension south to the state line via Dragon was added in 1945, with an unnumbered unimproved road (briefly State Highway 395) continuing over Baxter Pass to US 50 near Mack, Colorado. The same year, State Route 207 was created as a short spur, now Bitter Creek Road, to Rainbow. The State Road Commission removed these 1945 additions from the state highway system in 1968, cutting SR-45 back to Bonanza.
The commission proposed in 1957, and the legislature approved in 1961, the creation of State Route 264 from the Red Wash Oil Field north to US-40 at Jensen. However, the road was given back to Uintah County in 1969. Subsequently, the county constructed and improved two roads, one running southeast from US-40 near Naples to former SR-264, and the other continuing from old SR-264 west of the oil field to SR-45. Both of these became part of SR-45 in 1982, when that route was moved farther west, keeping only a short piece of the 1943 alignment near Bonanza. It was simultaneously extended back south from Bonanza, across the White River, to its present terminus near the White River Mine (oil shale).

</doc>
<doc id="18319814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319814" title="Reversal (film)">
Reversal (film)

Reversal is a 2001 movie about a high school wrestler, directed by Jimi Petulla. The movie, starring Danny Mousetis, chronicles the struggle of Leo Leone as he strives for the Pennsylvania state title and his dad's affection. Coached by his father, Edward Leone (played by Jimi Petulla), he is constantly pushed towards this goal. He is forced to decide between the approval of his father or his own wishes as he feels the strain from years of training and making weight. The movie never made it to the mainstream public, however received vocal support from many leaders in the wrestling community such as Cael Sanderson and Kurt Angle.
The soundtrack was composed by Jeff Danna. His first credits were as a contributing composer for Fox's popular series Beverly Hills 90210. One of his more recent and noteworthy scores were for The Boondock Saints (Parts I & ). In 2001, other than Reversal, Danna composed three more films; O, The Grey Zone and Green Dragon. His music has also been heard on the hit syndicated series and in the telefilm "Baby," with Farrah Fawcett.

</doc>
<doc id="18319833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319833" title="List of football clubs in San Marino">
List of football clubs in San Marino

There are 15 teams in the Sanmarinese league system. The club San Marino Calcio plays in the Italian league system.

</doc>
<doc id="18319875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18319875" title="Exuperius (Theban Legion)">
Exuperius (Theban Legion)

Exuperius or Exupernis is venerated as a saint and martyr by the Catholic Church; according to tradition, he was the standard-bearer of the Theban Legion and thus a companion to Saint Maurice.
Veneration.
Exuperius’ relics were translated in the 10th century to Gembloux Abbey. This translation was performed by the monastery’s founder, Saint Guibert (Guibertus), who dedicated the monastery in honor of Saint Peter and Saint Exuperius. The saint thus enjoyed special veneration at Gembloux; Sigebert of Gembloux wrote a long poem on the martyrdom of the Theban Legion. The buildings of the abbey, which largely survived, are used for the Agronomical University of Gembloux.

</doc>
<doc id="18320018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320018" title="Wheel train (horology)">
Wheel train (horology)

In horology, a wheel train (or just train) is the gear train of a mechanical watch or clock. Although the term is used for other types of gear trains, the long history of mechanical timepieces has created a traditional terminology for their gear trains which is not used in other applications of gears.
Watch movements are very standardized, and the wheel trains of most watches have the same parts. The wheel trains of clocks are a little more varied, with different numbers of wheels depending on the type of clock and how many hours the clock runs between windings (the "going"). However, the wheel trains of clocks and watches share the same terminology, and are similar enough that they can be described together. The large gears in timepieces are generally called "wheels", the smaller gears they mesh with (large to small, large to small) are called pinions, and the shafts that the wheels and pinions are mounted on are called "arbors". The wheels are mounted between the plates of the movement, with the pivots rotating in holes in the plates. The pivot holes have semicircular depressions around them, called oil cups, to hold the oil in contact with the shaft by capillary action. There are several wheel trains in a typical clock or watch:
Going train.
The going train is the main gear train of the timepiece. It consists of the wheels that transmit the force of the timepiece's power source, the mainspring or weight, to the escapement to drive the pendulum or balance wheel. The going train has two functions. First, it scales up the speed of rotation of the mainspring or weight pulley. This allows the use of a very strong, slow turning mainspring or heavy weight that will run the timepiece for days or weeks. Second, its gear ratios divide the rotation of the escape wheel into convenient time units of seconds, minutes, and hours, to turn the timepiece's hands. The going train wheels are the only ones under load in a timepiece, since they bear the constant torque of the mainspring which is applied to the escapement, so these wheels are the only ones that receive significant wear. In watches and some high quality clocks their arbors have jewel bearings. The going train in a modern clock or watch consists of:
Motion work.
The motion work is the small 12-to-1 reduction gear train that turns the timepiece's hour hand from the minute hand. It is attached to the going train by the friction coupling of the cannon pinion, so the minute and hour hands can be turned independently to set the timepiece. It is often located on the outside of the movement's front plate, just under the dial. It consists of:
Keyless work.
Used in watches, the keyless work are the gears that wind the mainspring when the "crown" is turned, and when the crown is pulled out allow the hands to be set. The term originated because, before the modern form of keyless work was invented by Adrien Philippe in 1843, watches were wound and set by inserting a separate key into holes in the back and turning it. The core of the keyless mechanism is a gear on the watch's "winding stem", the "clutch" (or "castle wheel" in Britain), with two sets of axial gear teeth on it, which slides in and out. When the stem is pushed in, a lever slides the clutch out, and the outer set of teeth engages a small wheel train which turns the mainspring arbor, winding the mainspring. When the stem is pulled out, the clutch slides in, and the inner teeth engage another wheel, which turns the hour wheel in the motion work, turning the watch's hands.
Striking train.
In striking clocks, the striking train is a gear train that moves a hammer to strike the hours on a gong. It is usually driven by a separate but identical power source to the going train. In antique clocks, to save costs, it was often identical to the going train, and mounted parallel to it on the left side when facing the front of the clock.

</doc>
<doc id="18320043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320043" title="FC Büsingen">
FC Büsingen

FC Büsingen is a German association football club based in the exclave of Büsingen that competes in the Swiss league system, being the only German club to do so. The club was founded in 1924 and has currently, as of 2008, about 215 members.
History.
The club was formed in 1924 and dissolved in 1937, when the Nazis forced the members to join the local gymnastics club, the "TV Büsingen". Until 1927, the club's football field included a nut tree in the penalty area but due to this not being compliant with the rules of the game, it had to be cut down on 30 April 1927.
The "FCB" was reformed on 26 April 1947 and this time joined the Swiss Football Association instead. It carries the (German: "Vereinsnummer") club number 11902 in Switzerland.
The club's greatest success came in 1973, when it earned promotion to the Swiss "2nd Liga", the fourth tier of the league system. The "FCB" could not hold this league for long, finishing last in its one and only season, and has since returned to the lower levels of Swiss league football, fluctuating between "3rd" and "5th Liga", the latter being the lowest tier of the league system.
The "FCB" plays in the Zürich region of the Swiss league system.
The clubs song, the "Fussballerlied FC Büsingen", describes the geographical situation of the club quite well, with its close proximity to the river Rhine. It proclaims, that the club will never "go under", even when its playing field is flooded, in reference to the yearly spring floods the river carries down from the Swiss Alps.
Recent seasons.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18320056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320056" title="Islamic studies by author (non-Muslim or academic)">
Islamic studies by author (non-Muslim or academic)

Included are prominent authors who have made studies concerning Islam, the religion and its civilization, and the culture of Muslim peoples. Not included are those studies of Islam produced by Muslim authors meant primarily for a Muslim audience. 
Herein most of the authors from the early centuries of Islam belonged to non-Muslim societies, cultures, or religions. The primary intent of many early works was to inform non-Muslims about a distant and/or unfamiliar Islam; some were clearly polemical in motivation and cannot be termed objective. As time went on, academic standards were developed generally, and were increasingly applied to studies of Islam. Many of the authors here are of Christian provenance, yet there are also Jewish, Zoroastrian, Hindu, Sikh, Buddhist, Taoist, Confucian, Communist, and secular points of view. The most recent entries are often sourced in universities, and include works by Muslim professors whose publications address a worldwide audience.

</doc>
<doc id="18320068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320068" title="1912 in Croatia">
1912 in Croatia

Events from the year 1912 in Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="18320085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320085" title="Fungivore">
Fungivore

Fungivory or mycophagy is the process of organisms consuming fungi. Many different organisms have been recorded to gain their energy from consuming fungi, including birds, mammals, insects, plants, amoeba, gastropods, nematodes and bacteria. Some of these, which only eat fungi are called fungivores whereas others eat fungi as only part of their diet, being omnivores.
Animals.
Mammals.
Many mammals eat fungi, but only a few feed exclusively on fungi, most are opportunistic feeders and fungi only make up part of their diet. At least 22 species of primate, including bonobos, colobines, gorillas, lemurs, macaques, mangabeys, marmosets and vervet monkeys are known to feed on fungi. Most of these species spend less than 5% of the time they spend feeding, eating fungi and they therefore form only a small part of their diet. Some species spend longer foraging for fungi and they account for a greater part of their diet; buffy-tufted marmosets spend up to 12% of their time consuming sporocarps, Goeldi’s monkeys spend up to 63% of their time doing so and the Yunnan snub-nosed monkey spends up to 95% of its feeding time eating lichens. Fungi are comparatively very rare in tropical rainforests compared to other food sources such as fruit and leaves and they are also distributed more sparsely and appear unpredictably, making them a challenging source of food for Goeldi’s monkeys.
Fungi are renowned for their poisons to deter animals from feeding on them: even today humans die from eating poisonous fungi. A natural consequence of this is the virtual absence of obligate vertebrate fungivores. One of the few extant vertebrate fungivores is the northern flying squirrel, but it is believed that in the past there were numerous vertebrate fungivores and that toxin development greatly lessened their number and forced these species to abandon fungi or diversify. Although some monkeys still eat fungi today, there are no completely fungivorous primates, though their dentition is very suitable for eating fungi.
Mollusks.
Many terrestrial gastropod mollusks are known to feed on fungi. It is the case in several species of slugs from distinct families. Among them are the Philomycidae (e. g. "Philomycus carolinianus" and "Phylomicus flexuolaris") and "Ariolimacidae" ("Ariolimax californianus"), which respectively feed on slime molds (myxomycetes) and mushrooms (basidiomycetes). Species of mushroom producing fungi used as food source by slugs include milk-caps, "Lactarius" spp., the oyster mushroom, "Pleurotus ostreatus" and the penny bun, "Boletus edulis". Other species pertaining to different genera, such as "Agaricus", "Pleurocybella" and "Russula", are also eaten by slugs. Slime molds used as food source by slugs include "Stemonitis axifera" and "Symphytocarpus flaccidus". Some slugs are selective towards certain parts or developmental stages of the fungi they eat, though this behavior varies greatly. Depending on the species and other factors, slugs eat only fungi at specific stages of development. Moreover, in other cases, whole mushrooms can be eaten, without any trace of selectivity.
Insects.
In 2008, "Euprenolepis procera" a species of ant from the rainforests of South East Asia was found to harvest mushrooms from the rainforest. Witte & Maschwitz found that their diet consisted almost entirely of mushrooms, representing a previously undiscovered feeding strategy in ants.
Other insects, like fungus gnats and scuttle flies, utilize fungi at their larval stage.
Birds.
Jays ("Perisoreus") are believed to be the first birds in which mycophagy was recorded. Canada jays ("P. canadensis"), Siberian jays ("P. infaustus") and Oregon jays ("P. obscurus") have all been recorded to eat mushrooms, with the stomachs of Siberian jays containing mostly fungi in the early winter. The ascomycete, "Phaeangium lefebvrei" found in north Africa and the Middle East is eaten by migrating birds in winter and early spring, mainly be species of lark (Alaudidae). Bedouin hunters have been reported to use "P. lefebvrei" as bait in traps to attract birds.
Fungi are known to form an important part of the diet of the southern cassowary ("Casuarius casuarius") of Australia. Bracket fungi have been found in their droppings throughout the year, and Simpson in the "Australasian Mycological Newsletter" suggested it is likely they also eat species of Agaricales and Pezizales but these have not been found in their droppings since they disintegrate when they are eaten. Emus ("Dromaius novaehollandiae") will eat immature "Lycoperdon" and "Bovista" fungi if presented to them as will brush turkeys ("Alectura lathami") if offered "Mycena", suggesting that species of Megapodiidae may feed opportunistically on mushrooms.
Microbial.
Fungi.
Mycoparasitism occurs when any fungus feeds on other fungi, a form of parasitism, our knowledge of it in natural environments is very limited. "Collybia" grow on dead mushrooms.
The fungal genus, "Trichoderma" produces enzymes such as chitinases which degrade the cell walls of other fungi. They are able to detect other fungi and grow towards them, they then bind to the hyphae of other fungi using lectins on the host fungi as a receptor, forming an appressorium. Once this is formed, "Trichoderma" inject toxic enzymes into the host and probably peptaibol antibiotics, which create holes in the cell wall, allowing "Trichoderma" to grow inside of the host and feed. "Trichoderma" are able to digest sclerotia, durable structures which contain food reserves, which is important if they are to control pathogenic fungi in the long term. "Trichoderma" species have been recorded as protecting crops from "Botrytis cinerea", "Rhizoctonia solani", "Alternaria solani", "Glomerella graminicola", "Phytophthora capsici", "Magnaporthe grisea" and "Colletotrichum lindemuthianum"; although this protection may not be entirely due to "Trichoderma" digesting these fungi, but by them improving plant disease resistance indirectly.
Bacteria.
Bacterial mycophagy was a term coined in 2005, to describe the ability of some bacteria to "grow at the expense of living fungal hyphae". In a 2007 review in the "New Phytologist" this definition was adapted to only include bacteria which play an active role in gaining nutrition from fungi, excluding those that feed off passive secretions by fungi, or off dead or damaged hyphae. The majority of our knowledge in this area relates to interactions between bacteria and fungi in the soil and in or around plants, little is known about interactions in marine and freshwater habitats, or those occurring on or inside animals. It is not known what affects bacterial mycophagy has on the fungal communities in nature.
There are three mechanisms by which bacteria feed on fungi; they either kill fungal cells, cause them to secrete more material out of their cells or enter into the cells to feed internally and they are categorised according to these habits. Those that kill fungal cells are called nectrotrophs, the molecular mechanisms of this feeding are thought to overlap considerably with bacteria that feed on fungi after they have died naturally. Necrotrophs may kill the fungi through digesting their cell wall or by producing toxins which kill fungi, such as tolaasin produced by "Pseudomonas tolaasii". Both of these mechanisms may be required since fungal cell walls are highly complex, so require many different enzymes to degarde them, and because experiments demonstrate that bacteria that produce toxins cannot always infect fungi. It is likely that these two systems act synergistically, with the toxins killing or inhibiting the fungi and exoenzymes degrading the cell wall and digesting the fungus. Examples of necrotrophs include "Staphylococcus aureus" which feed on "Cryptococcus neoformans", "Aeromonas caviae" which feed on "Rhizoctonia solani", "Sclerotium rolfsii" and "Fusarium oxysporum", and some myxobacteria which feed on "Cochliobolus miyabeanus" and "Rhizoctonia solani".
Bacteria which manipulate fungi to produce more secretions which they in turn feed off are called extracellular biotrophs; many bacteria feed on fungal secretions, but do not interact directly with the fungi and these are called saprotrophs, rather than biotrophs. Extracellular biotrophs could alter fungal physiology in three ways; they alter their development, the permeability of their membranes (including the efflux of nutrients) and their metabolism. The precise signalling molecules that are used to achieve these changes are unknown, but it has been suggested that auxins (better known for their role as a plant hormone) and quorum sensing molecules may be involved. Bacteria have been identified that manipulate fungi in these ways, for example mycorhizzal helper bacteria (MHBs) and "Pseudomonas putida", but it remains to be demonstrated whether the changes they make are cause are directly beneficial to the bacteria. In the case of MHBs, which increase infection of plant roots by mycorrhizal fungi, they may benefit, because the fungi gain nutrition from the plant and in turn the fungi will secrete more sugars.
The third group, that enter into living fungal cells are called endocellular biotrophs. Some of these are transmitted vertically whereas others are able to actively invade and subvert fungal cells. The molecular interactions involved in these interactions are mostly unknown. Many endocellular biotrophs, for example some "Burkholderia" species, belong to the β-proteobacteria which also contains species which live inside the cells of mammals and amoeba. Some of them, for example "Candidatus" Glomeribacter gigasporarum, which colonises the spores of "Gigaspora margarita", have reduced genome sizes indicating that they have become entirely dependent on the metabolic functions of the fungal cells in which they live. When all the endocellular bacteria inside "G. margarita" were removed, the fungus grew differently and was less fit, suggesting that some bacteria may also provide services to the fungi they live in.
Ciliates.
The Grossglockneridae family of ciliates, including the species "Grossglockneria acuta", feed exclusively on fungi. "G. acuta" first attaches themselves to a hyphae or sporangium via a feeding tube and then a ring-shaped structure, around 2 μm in diameter is observed to appear on the fungus, possibly consisting of degraded cell wall material. "G. acuta" then feeds through the hole in the cell wall for, on average, 10 minutes, before detaching itself and moving away. The precise mechanism of feeding is not known, but it conceivably involves enzymes including acid phosphatases, cellulases and chitinases. Microtubules are visible in the feeding tube, as are possible reserves of cell membrane, which may be used to form food vacuoles filled with the cytoplasm of the fungus, via endocytosis, which are then transported back into "G. acuta". The holes made by "G. acuta" bear some similarities to those made by amoeba, but unlike amoeba "G. acuta" never engulfs the fungus.
Plants.
Around 90% of land plants live in symbiosis with mycorrhizal fungi, where fungi gain sugars from plants and plants gain nutrients from the soil via the fungi. Some species of plant have evolved to manipulate this symbiosis, so that they no longer give fungi sugars that they produce and instead gain sugars from the fungi, a process called myco-heterotrophy. Some plants are only dependent on fungi as a source of sugars during the early stages of their development, these include most of the orchids as well as many ferns and lycopods. Others are dependent on this food source for their entire lifetime, including some orchids and Gentianaceae, and all species of Monotropaceae and Triuridaceae. Those that are dependent on fungi, but still photosynthesise are called mixotrophs since they gain nutrition in more than one way, by gaining a significant amount of sugars from fungi, they are able to grow in the deep shade of forests. Examples include the orchids "Epipactis", "Cephalanthera" and "Plantanthera" and the Pyroleae tribe of the Ericaceae family. Others, such as "Monotropastrum humile", no longer photosynthesise and are totally dependent on fungi for nutrients. Around 230 such species exist, and this trait is thought to have evolved independently on five occasions outside of the orchid family. Some individuals of the orchid species "Cephalanthera damasonium" are mixotrophs, but others do not photosynthesise. Because the fungi that myco-heterotrophic plants gain sugars from in turn gain them from plants that do photosynthesise, they are considered indirect parasites of other plants. The relationship between orchids and orchid mycorrhizae has been suggested to be somewhere between predation and parasitism.
The precise mechanisms by which these plants gain sugars from fungi are not known and has not been demonstrated scientifically. Two pathways have been proposed; they may either degrade fungal biomass, particularly the fungal hyphae which penetrate plant cells in a similar manner to in arbuscular mycorrhizae, or absorb sugars from the fungi by disrupting their cell membranes, through mass flow. To prevent the sugars returning to the fungi, they must compartmentalise the sugars or convert them into forms which the fungi cannot use.
Fungal farming.
Insects.
Three insect lineages, the beetles, ants and termites, independently evolved the ability to farm fungi between 40 and 60 million years ago. In a similar way to the way that human societies became more complex after the development of plant-based agriculture, the same occurred in these insect lineages when they evolved this ability and these insects are now of major importance in ecosystems. The methods that insects use to farm fungi insects share fundamental similarities with human agriculture. Firstly, insects inoculate a particular habitat or substrate with fungi, much in the same as humans plant seeds in fields. Secondly, they cultivate the fungi by regulating the growing environment to try and improve the growth of the fungus, as well as protecting it from pests and diseases. Thirdly they harvest the fungus when it is mature and feed on it. Lastly they are dependent on the fungi they grow, in the same way that humans are dependent on crops.
Beetles.
Ambrosia beetles, for example "Austroplatypus incompertus", farm ambrosia fungi inside of trees and feed on them. The mycangia (organs which carry fungal spores) of ambrosia beetles contain various species of fungus, including species of "Ambrosiomyces", "Ambrosiella", "Ascoidea", "Ceratocystis", "Dipodascus", "Diplodia", "Endomycopsis", "Monacrosporium" and "Tuberculariella". The ambrosia fungi are only found in the beetles and their galleries, suggesting that they and the beetles have an obligate symbiosis.
Termites.
Around 330 species of termites in twelve genera of the subfamily Macrotermitinae cultivate a specialised fungus in the "Termitomyces" genus. The fungus is kept in a specialised part of the nest in fungus cones. Worker termites eat plant matter, producing faecal pellets which they continuously place on top of the cone. The fungus grows into this material and soon produces immature mushrooms, a rich source of protein, sugars and enzymes, which the worker termites eat. The nodules also contain indigestible asexual spores, meaning that the faecal pellets produced by the workers always contain spores of the fungus that colonise the plant material that they defaecate. The "Termitomyces" also fruits, forming mushrooms above ground, which mature at the same time that the first workers emerge from newly formed nests. The mushrooms produce spores that are wind dispersed, and through this method, new colonies acquire a fungal strain. In some species, the genetic variation of the fungus is very low, suggesting that spores of the fungus are transmitted vertically from nest to nest, rather than from wind dispersed spores.
Ants.
Around 220 described species, and more undescribed species of ants in the tribe Attini cultivate fungi. They are only found in the New World and are thought to have evolved in the Amazon Rainforest, where they are most diverse today. For these ants, farmed fungi are the only source of food on which their larvae are raised on and are also an important food for adults. Queen ants carry a small part of fungus in small pouches in their mouthparts when they leave the nest to mate, allowing them to establish a new fungus garden when they form a new nest. Different lineages cultivate fungi on different substrates, those that evolved earlier do so on a wide range of plant matter, whereas leaf cutter ants are more selective, mainly using only fresh leaves and flowers. The fungi are members of the Lepiotaceae and Pterulaceae families. Other fungi in the "Escovopsis" genus parasitise the gardens and antibiotic-producing bacteria also inhabit the gardens.
Gastropods.
The marine snail "Littoraria irrorata", which lives in the salt marshes of the southeast of the United States feeds on fungi that it encourages to grow. It creates and maintains wounds on the grass, "Spartina alterniflora" which are then infected by fungi, probably of the "Phaeosphaeria" and "Mycosphaerella" genera, which are the preferred diet of the snail. They also deposit faeces on the wounds that they create, which encourage the growth of the fungi because they are rich in nitrogen and fungal hyphae. Juvenile snails raised on uninfected leaves do not grow and are more likely to die, indicating the importance of the fungi in the diet of "L. irrorata".

</doc>
<doc id="18320151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320151" title="Jay Samonie">
Jay Samonie

Rev. Jay Samonie, Ph. D. (April 27, 1930 - July 15, 2010) was a Detroit area priest, author, artist and pianist who wrote about his mystical spiritual experiences, including communication with his spirit guide Jesus, and out of body experiences.
He was a self-taught painter and pianist. A movie, "Light: The story of Father Jay Samonie."
has been made documenting his life. He spoke English, German, Spanish and Italian. 
Family Origin.
Of Lebanese descent, 
Long family line of Priests and Bishops
Early life.
Father hourly worker at Cadillac Motors for 25 years, then purchased and ran 2 grocery stores 
10 of 11 children
Education.
Our Lady of Sorrows Elementary School in Detroit, Michigan
1944 Started studying to be a Priest (age 14)
Ordained in 1956
Master's Degree From University of Detroit in 1971
He Learned Spanish while a summer job during seminar working with Mexican migrant workers near Bay City, Michigan
Father Died 1955 (67) / 
His mother died 1958, at the age of 62, just before he was Ordained.
Miracles.
Controversy.
Father Jay was reported to the Church four times for heresy, which he considers "credits." 
References.
http://metrotimes.com/editorial/story.asp?id=10242

</doc>
<doc id="18320155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320155" title="Vortex Tower">
Vortex Tower

The Vortex Tower was the working name of a project designed by Ken Shuttleworth’s MAKE Architects. The building would have risen to a height of 984 feet (300 m) and 70 floors. 
The shape of the Vortex Tower is a hyperboloid of revolution. The structure is twisted into a spiral shape with a tapering centre and wide base. The project is based on a different concept, with rotation enabling the use of leaning columns as straight structural elements of hyperboloid. 
The VortexTower was proposed for the edge of the City of London outer eastern fringe.
The similarity of the Kobe Port Tower has been noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18320163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320163" title="Shao Xianghua">
Shao Xianghua

Shao Xianghua, () (February 22, 1913 – March 21, 2012) was a Chinese scientist and metallurgical engineer. He was considered as a pioneer of modern Chinese metallurgical engineering.
Career.
Shao was born on February 22, 1913, in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. Shao graduated from the Department of Chemical Engineering, Zhejiang University in 1932. He studied in the Britain and received bachelor and M.Sc degrees from the University of London (current Imperial College London) in 1938.
1949, he became the Chief Engineer of the newly founded Anshan Iron and Steel Group, which is one of the most important steel producer in China. In 1958, he was transferred to the prestigious China Iron & Steel Research Institute (CISRI, 钢铁研究总院) and became a research fellow there.
Shao played an important role in both Chinese rare earths and rare metal industries. He was an academician of both the Chinese Academy of Sciences (1955 election) and the Chinese Academy of Engineering (1995 election), which is rare among Chinese scientists and engineers.

</doc>
<doc id="18320181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320181" title="Young Fashioned Ways">
Young Fashioned Ways

Young Fashioned Ways is the 2004 live album by the noted British Folk guitarist, singer and songwriter Wizz Jones. It was recorded live at the Kulturwerkstatt in Buer, Germany, and released on that venue's own label.

</doc>
<doc id="18320186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320186" title="Epicrates">
Epicrates

Epicrates may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18320211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320211" title="Corrugated">
Corrugated

The term corrugated, describing a series of parallel ridges and furrows, may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18320223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320223" title="And You Were a Crow">
And You Were a Crow

And You Were a Crow is American rock band The Parlor Mob's debut studio album. It was recorded over two months at Echo Mountain Recording in Asheville, North Carolina and was released digitally by Roadrunner Records on March 11, 2008. The physical CD was released in the US on May 6, 2008. The track "Can't Keep No Good Boy Down" was used during the end credits of the season 6 "Entourage" episode "One Car, Two Car, Red Car, Blue Car." The track "Hard Times" is featured in the video game "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2010" and is also featured in "Nascar 09".

</doc>
<doc id="18320237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320237" title="Breeze Block (TV series)">
Breeze Block (TV series)

Breeze Block is a short-lived British TV series written by Ian Pattison which aired on BBC Choice in 2002.
Synopsis.
Ralph Breeze lives with his wife Iris and children Eric, Carol and Billy in a block of flats in the Byker area of Newcastle-Upon-Tyne. Ralph has lost his confidence after being made redundant and feels that he is a "stopped clock". As he tries to overcome his paralysis, his wife Iris flirts with his brother Tommy and Tommy flirts with Billy. Eric works as a window cleaner and Carol works for lecherous fishmonger Mr Shields. Billy, encouraged (and pimped) by Uncle Tommy, starts work as a gigolo but is rather unsuccessful as he falls in love with each of his clients.
Ralph attends assertiveness classes to help him overcome his condition and, although Iris is supportive, his children - particularly Eric - are pretty indifferent to the point of cruelty (all for comic effect).
Episodes.
Episode 1.
Season 1, Episode 1: Angels <br>
Original Air Date: 4 March 2002 <br>
Ralph has lost his eyes and, on being told by Iris that they are in his head where he left them, he realises that there's not as much to see as there used to be.
Episode 2.
Season 1, Episode 2: Higher <br>
Original Air Date: 11 March 2002 <br>
Billy starts his career as a gigolo. Uncle Tommy introduces him to a neighbour with a shepherd fixation. Soon Billy is wearing a clothing range by One Man and His Dog to please his new lady friend.
Episode 3.
Season 1, Episode 3: Saturday, Sinday <br>
Original Air Date: 18 March 2002 <br>
After a heavy night out, looking for a poke, Eric ends up in a fight. It's not until the next morning that he realises he's been stabbed. Ralph is feeling anxious and has thrown off his blanket, which used to be used to calm down the budgie.
Episode 4.
Season 1, Episode 4: Kid <br>
Original Air Date: 25 March 2002
Episode 5.
Season 1, Episode 5: Unspeakable <br>
Original Air Date: 1 April 2002<br>
Ralph gets caught sniffing a labourer's dungarees which were left hanging on a nail. When confessing to his family about his indiscretion, he reminisces about when he was a working man at the Swan Hunter shipyard, coming home every night with "sweat rings the size of dinner plates".
Episode 6.
Season 1, Episode 6: Wet <br>
Original Air Date: 8 April 2002<br>
Ralph gets a job collecting trolleys for a derisory wage.Carol goes on an unsatisfactory date with her old art teacher.
One o' the lassies: "Waddya give him, continental or the full English?".<br>
Carol: "Cheese dip with no banger so I guess there's unfinished business".

</doc>
<doc id="18320302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320302" title="Jurassic Fight Club">
Jurassic Fight Club

Jurassic Fight Club (titled "Dinosaur Secrets" in Australia) is a paleontology-based television series on History which premiered in the USA in July 2008. "Jurassic Fight Club" was hosted by George Blasing, a self-taught paleontologist. The show ran for one season of 12 episodes and was not renewed.
Summary.
Scientists study the battles of prehistoric creatures, such as dinosaurs, before they went extinct. Each episode features a forensic-styled breakdown of a prehistoric battle. Based on fossil evidence and paleontologist analysis, a CGI rendering of the battle, based on the evidence and the imagination of George Blasing (the show's host) is the final act of each episode. In most cases, the battles are based on actual fossil finds, although in several episodes scientists simply pit two contemporaneous prehistoric animals against each other.
"Turf Wars".
The "Jurassic Fight Club" game, "Turf Wars", can be found on history.com. Playing as one out of six dinosaurs, you use your skills to defeat the 
other five. There are cheat codes that can make you invincible, access special attacks, etc. The following dinosaurs are featured in battle order with status:

</doc>
<doc id="18320309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320309" title="Staintondale">
Staintondale

Staintondale (or Stainton Dale) is a small village and civil parish in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire, England. The village is situated north west of Scarborough town centre. The parish also includes the village of Ravenscar, north of the village of Staintondale, and the whole parish lies within the North York Moors National Park. 
According to the 2011 UK census, Staintondale parish had a population of 341, an increase on the 2001 UK census figure of 319 - note these figures includes Ravenscar as well as Staintondale.
The parish council is Staintondale Parish Council.
History.
Staintondale was historically a township in the ancient parish of Scalby. It became a separate civil parish in 1866.
The village was served by Staintondale railway station on the Scarborough and Whitby Railway from 1885 until it closed in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="18320348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320348" title="Lepidium montanum">
Lepidium montanum

Lepidium montanum is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names mountain pepperweed, mountain peppergrass, mountain pepperwort, and mountain pepperplant. It is native to western North America from Oregon to Montana to northern Mexico, where it can be found in a number of habitats, often on salty or gravelly soils. There are several varieties, many of which are difficult to distinguish.
Description.
This is a short, spreading, shrublike biennial herb producing a rounded form up to about 40 centimeters tall and greater in width. The leaves near the base of the plant are up to 15 centimeters long and are divided into several toothed lobes; those further up on the stem are shorter and often undivided. The plant flowers abundantly in rounded to cylindrical inflorescences a few centimeters wide. Each small flower has white to cream-colored petals about 2 millimeters long and two to six stamens. The fruit is an oval-shaped capsule a few millimeters long.
Varieties.
Varieties of the species include:

</doc>
<doc id="18320360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320360" title="Victor Haghani">
Victor Haghani

Victor Haghani is an Iranian American financier, one of the founding partners of Long Term Capital Management, a hedge fund which collapsed in 1998, to be eventually bailed out by a consortium of leading banks.
Biography.
The son of an Iranian international trader of a Sephardic Jewish family, Victor Haghani graduated from the London School of Economics. He was a founding partner of LTCM and after the liquidation of LTCM became a founding partner of JWM Partners which managed a successor fund to LTCM.
Victor Haghani started his career in 1984 in the bond research department of Salomon Brothers, and then becoming a managing director in the bond arbitrage group run by John Meriwether. In 1993, he co-founded Long-Term Capital Management (LTCM) with seven other partners. In 1993, he set up the LTCM office in London. Victor stayed on at LTCM through 1999 to assist in the liquidation of LTCM, following which he became a founding partner of JWM Partners, where he worked through 2002. Since then, he has been involved in a variety of activities, including consulting and board assignments, becoming a name at Lloyds of London and learning how to fly an airplane. He has also taught at the LSE, where he is a Senior Research Associate in the FMG. Victor received a B.Sc. degree in finance from the LSE in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18320374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320374" title="Margaret Rawlings">
Margaret Rawlings

Margaret Rawlings (5 June 1906 – 19 May 1996) was a distinguished English stage actress, born in Osaka, Japan, daughter of the Rev George William Rawlings and his wife Lilian (Boddington). She died two weeks three days before her 90th birthday.
She was educated at Oxford High School and Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford. She first married Gabriel Toyne (marriage dissolved) and then Sir Robert Barlow (knighted 1943) who pre-deceased her.
Her entries in "Who’s Who in the Theatre" record her private address as 10 Duke Street, Adelphi, London WC2 (1936), Flat 12, 72 Westbourne Terrace, London W2 (1939), then finally Rocketer Farm, Wendover, Buckinghamshire (from 1947 onwards).
She was a co-founder of Equity, serving as a Council member for 30 years and was twice appointed Vice President, in 1973–74 and 1975–76.
Theatre career.
While still at Oxford Margaret Rawlings appeared at the Little Theatre with John Masefield's company. She made her professional debut in March 1927 with Charles Macdona's Bernard Shaw Repertory company (The Macdona Players) as Jennifer in "The Doctor's Dilemma" at Croydon, and subsequently also played in "The Philanderer", "Arms and the Man", "You Never Can Tell" and "The Dark Lady of the Sonnets".
She made her London stage debut on 22 January 1928 with the Venturers company as Louise in "Jordan" at the Strand Theatre, then toured as Gwen in" The Fanatics" and as Jill in "Chance Acquaintance".
In October 1928 at the Embassy Theatre she played Vivian Mason in "The Seventh Guest" and Moya in "The Shadow", before touring with Maurice Colbourne and Barry Jones in Shaw repertory to Canada and the United States in 1929–30.
1930s.
Roles included:
Films and television.
Margaret Rawlings’ film appearances included:
Television included "The Somerset Maugham Hour", "The Plane-Makers", "Wives and Daughters". Margaret Rawlings also broadcast in innumerable radio programmes and recorded drama, poetry and prose.

</doc>
<doc id="18320387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320387" title="Alex Main">
Alex Main

Miles Grant "Alex" Main (May 13, 1884 in Montrose, Michigan – December 29, 1965 in Royal Oak, Michigan) was a professional baseball pitcher who played from 1914 to 1915 and in 1918 for the Detroit Tigers, Kansas City Packers and Philadelphia Phillies.
A 30-year-old rookie, Main began his big league career on April 18, 1914 for the Tigers. With them, he appeared in 32 games, starting 12 of them. He went 6–6 with a 2.67 ERA, completing five games and saving three. His three saves ranked sixth in the league.
The following season, he became the second Tiger pitcher to jump to the short-lived Federal League, the first being Ed Willett. He played for the Packers that season. Although his ERA of 2.54 was third best on the team and he gave up only 181 hits in 230 innings, his record was only 13–14. He had the worst record on the team among all pitchers with at least 25 games started. Despite that, his 1.113 WHIP was fifth best in the league, and his 7.08 hits per nine innings ratio ranked second. His three saves were eighth best in the league that season. On August 16 of that season, he threw a no-hitter - that was the first no-hitter in Federal League Park history.
Main did not play in the major leagues in either 1916 or 1917, but in 1918 he appeared in eight games for the Phillies. Making four starts, he went 2–2 with a 4.63 ERA. He played his final big league game on June 29.
Overall, Main went 21–22 with a 2.77 ERA in 75 career games (44 starts). He allowed only 342 hits in 403 innings. As a hitter, he hit .157 in 127 at-bats.
Following his death, he was buried at Crestwood Memorial Cemetery in Grand Blanc, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="18320390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320390" title="Assugrin">
Assugrin

Assugrin is a brand name for a sugar substitute that is a blend of cyclamate and saccharin. Produced in Switzerland by MCM Klosterfrau Vertriebsgesellschaft, Assugrin was the main table sweetener in West Germany.
History.
Cyclamate sugar substitute was discovered in 1937 by two American chemists and tested over the subsequent twenty years. After cyclamate was declared safe for consumption in the mid-1950s, the Hermes Company announced their new product, Assugrin, in 1954. Almost a decade later, in 1965, Hermes company came up with a mixture of saccharin and cyclamate. It was later introduced to the market under Assugrin brand with wide endorsements. In that same year, aspartame was discovered. Aspartame was introduced into the Assugrin brand as Assugrin Gold.
In 1987, orange and lemon varieties were added to the West German low-calorie soft drink Assugrin Exquisit. In 1990, Albi launched Assugrin Aktiv (Iso-Mineral-Fitness-Drink), a reduced calorie sports drink. Hermes Sweeteners Ltd introduced Assugrin Light blended sweetener as a special diet food in 1995.
In 2002, the Assugrin brand was introduced to consumers in Brazil through a new dietetic sweetener made with saccharin, water, artificial sweeteners, and sodium cyclamate.
In 2003, Swiss sweeteners producer Hermes Edulcorants, headquartered in Zurich, northern Switzerland, generated 67 million Swiss francs ($53.2 million/€44.4 million) for 2003. Their most popular brand, the Assugrin sweetener, was being sold in some 100 countries, but mainly in Switzerland, Germany, and Austria. Assugrin additionally has a significant presence in the Spain and Brazil sweetener market.
In 2007, Global Industry Analysts issued a report entitled, "Artificial Sweeteners". The report analyzed the worldwide markets for artificial sweeteners in US$ Million and profiled the 108 companies serving that market, and ranked the products manufactured by those companies.

</doc>
<doc id="18320414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320414" title="Cleolinda Jones">
Cleolinda Jones

Cleolinda "Cleo" Jones is an American writer and blogger. She is the author of the Movies in Fifteen Minutes series of film parodies, which have a large cult following on the internet. In addition to her published books, she is also known for her commentary on pop culture elements, particularly the growth and development of "fandom" culture for Twilight, Harry Potter, The Hunger Games, and Hannibal.
Jones currently lives in Birmingham, where she is a post-graduate student.
Published works.
In 2005, Orion Books published "Movies in Fifteen Minutes: Hollywood Blockbusters for People Who Can't Be Bothered", a collection of more parodies by Jones. The book has also been published abroad as "Cut: Movies in Fifteen Minutes", but has yet to be published in Jones' native United States.
"Movies in Fifteen Minutes" was praised for being "hilarious - but intelligent; it's the pretensions of James Cameron and Mel Gibson Jones is mocking, not Dickens and Shakespeare."
As a follow up to "Movies in Fifteen Minutes", Jones has also self-published an e-book, "The Annotated Movies in Fifteen Minutes:" " (1) Wizards. "It focuses on her humorous recaps of the Harry Potter films, with fandom commentary, interactive links, and historical notes in addition to the recaps.
Jones's recaps of "Breaking Dawn", the fourth book in the "Twilight" series, were heavily referenced in a blog posting in New York Magazine.
Jones's blog was quoted in the MSNBC article "A beginner's guide to 'Twilight' - How to pretend like you know what your teenage daughter is talking about," a commentary written by Dave White. 
Her recaps of Season 1 of Hannibal attracted a large following of both fans of the show and entertainment analysts, as Jones often included a meta-analysis of the horror genre elements included in each show for discussion. Her "People in Dracula don't know they're in Dracula" problem analysis was included in The Atlantic feature, "The Formula That's Ruining Teen Movies," in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18320441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320441" title="Stavsnäs">
Stavsnäs

Stavsnäs is a locality situated on the north east part of the island "Fågelbrolandet" in Värmdö Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden with 810 inhabitants in 2010. As there are numerous vacation houses in the area, the population is significantly larger during summer. Stavsnäs is accessible by road from Stockholm.
Stavsnäs consists of three different parts; "Stavsnäs By" (the original picturesque wood-house village built up around the old harbour, dating back to medieval times), "Stavsnäs Gärde" (a modern housing area with detached houses and blocks of flats), and "Stavsnäs Vinterhamn" or "Vinterhamn" (the all-year ferry harbour connecting the nearby inhabited islands (such as Sandhamn) with the Stockholm bus transportation network).
In Stavsnäs By there is the old harbour, "Sommarhamn", a museum dedicated to the history of the archipelago and its inhabitants, "Skärgårdsmuseet", and a bakery and café which turns into a restaurant and bar in the evenings.
South of "Vinterhamn" on the island of "Hölö" (accessible by bridge from "Fågelbrolandet"), Sjösala, the summer house of Evert Taube and the Taube family, is located.

</doc>
<doc id="18320452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320452" title="Georges Sébastian">
Georges Sébastian

Georges Sébastian (Budapest, August 17, 1903 – April 12, 1989, La Hauteville) was a French conductor of Hungarian birth, particularly associated with Wagner and the post-romantic repertory (Bruckner, Mahler, Richard Strauss).
Born György Sebestyén, he studied first the piano and violin in his native Budapest, before turning to composition. He then worked with Leo Weiner, Zoltán Kodály and Béla Bartók. In 1921, he was engaged as répétiteur at the Munich State Opera, where he worked with Bruno Walter and became his assistant conductor the following year. 
He then spent one season as assistant conductor at the Metropolitan Opera in New York (1923-24, where he was heard as pianist). Upon his return in Europe, he conducted at the opera houses of Hamburg and Leipzig, before becoming first conductor at the Städtische Oper Berlin (1927-30). He then became musical director of the Moscow Radio and Philharmonic Orchestra (1931-37). In 1935, he conducted there the first performance of the original version of Moussorgsky's opera, "Boris Godunov".
In 1938, he returned to America and spent the war years there, holding several posts, conductor at the San Francisco Opera, musical director of a radio program for CBS and of the Scranton Philharmonic Orchestra.
After the war, he returned to Europe, and settled in France. He made his debut at the Palais Garnier in 1947, and was to conduct there 
the debuts of both Maria Callas (1958) and Renata Tebaldi (1959). He was also very active conducting on French radio, notably the complete symphonies of Bruckner and Mahler.
He recorded complete sets of "Lakmé" (with Mado Robin, 1952) and "Mignon" (1953) for Decca Records; and "Thaïs" (with Géori Boué, 1952) and "Werther" (p.1953) for Urania. His best-known recording may be, however, that of excerpts from "Carmen" (1946), with Risë Stevens, Raoul Jobin and Robert Weede, for Columbia Records. Among Sébastian's "pirate" recordings are "Elektra" (1966) and "Salome" (1967), both with Anja Silja.
EMI has published the kinescope of the Callas debut, "La Grande Nuit de l'Opéra," on DVD. Included are excerpts from "La forza del destino", "Norma", "Il trovatore", "Il barbiere di Siviglia", and a staged Act II of "Tosca" (also with Albert Lance and Tito Gobbi).

</doc>
<doc id="18320491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320491" title="2008 Lal Masjid bombing">
2008 Lal Masjid bombing

In the Lal Masjid bombing of 6 July 2008 at 7:50 pm local time, a 30-year old suicide bomber blew himself up near the Lal Masjid mosque in Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan, killing 18 policemen and 1 civilian. The bombing occurred on the first anniversary of the Siege of Lal Masjid and was likely a revenge attack. The attack occurred even amid tight security in Islamabad, where thousands of Islamic students in Pakistan came to mark the day when Pakistani troops stormed Lal Masjid. Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik, who visited the blast site, said about 12,000 students attended the rally and the attack was directed at police.

</doc>
<doc id="18320501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320501" title="Western Washington Vikings women's rowing">
Western Washington Vikings women's rowing

The Western Washington University Women's Rowing team has currently won the NCAA Division II National Championships for the last 5 years, for the 2005 through 2009 seasons. Their fifth win was accomplished on June 1 in Sacramento, CA on Lake Natoma. They are the first NCAA rowing team to win 5 consecutive titles, since the NCAA began recognizing women's rowing in 1997.
History.
The Vikings have been a team since 1978, but were not granted varsity status at Western until 1982. The current coach, John Fuchs has coached since the 1999 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18320541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320541" title="1913 in Croatia">
1913 in Croatia

Events from the year 1913 in Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="18320562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320562" title="Milton Hill Historic District">
Milton Hill Historic District

Milton Hill Historic District is a historic district in Milton, Massachusetts. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
It includes the Captain Robert Bennet Forbes House, a National Historic Landmark, and the Dr. Amos Holbrook House and Governor Thomas Hutchinson's Ha-ha, both separately listed on the National Register of Historic Places, as well as a variety of other buildings ranging from the Colonial era into the 20th Century.
Governor Thomas Hutchinson's Field, owned by The Trustees of the Reservations lies in the middle of the District and offers sweeping views of Boston and the South Shore.

</doc>
<doc id="18320609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320609" title="Dr. Amos Holbrook House">
Dr. Amos Holbrook House

Dr. Amos Holbrook House is a house in Milton, Massachusetts. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975, and it is lies within the boundaries of the Milton Hill Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18320660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320660" title="The Matchgirls">
The Matchgirls

In the 1960s, the British actor Bill Owen collaborated with songwriter Tony Russell to create a musical about the London matchgirls strike of 1888. The musical Premiered at the Globe Theatre, London on Tuesday 1 March 1966 and marked the first musical directed and choreographed by Gillian Lynne. A cast recording from this time is still available but there has never been a major London production since that time, although the musical was later published by Samuel French Ltd in 1979.
Overview.
The musical focuses on the lifestyle of the match cutters at the Bryant and May factory in Bow, London, with strong references to the condition Phossy Jaw and the political climate of the era. With much of the action set in the incongruously named, but fictional, 'Hope Court', the musical portrays Bryant and May as callous and uncaring employers, with factory foreman 'Mr Mynel' representing the threatening and imposing regime in which the girls were forced to work.
Synopsis.
The central character of the musical is 'Kate', a tenement girl and factory worker, who writes to 'Annie Besant' to ask for help in seeking reform at the factory. The story follows Kate and Annie's attempts to rally the girls, leading Kate to become a reckless strike-leader and a key player in the creation and recognition of the union. There is also a sub plot in which Kate's involvement in the strike puts strain on her relationship with docker 'Joe'.
Despite the subject matter of the musical, a strong emphasis is placed on the positive mentality and natural ebulliance of the so-called 'cockney sparrows', this leading to a number of cheerful and entertaining vocal numbers and dance routines.
Musical numbers.
Musical Numbers: 
Phosphorus
Look at That Hat
Look Around
Me
Men
La Di Dah (only in later versions)
Something About You
Mind You Bert
My Dear Lady
We're Gonna Show 'Em
Cockney Sparrers
Life of Mine
Hopping Dance: I Long to See the Day (not in some later versions)
Comes a Time
Amendment to a Motion
Waiting 
Life of Mine Reprise (Finale)

</doc>
<doc id="18320672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320672" title="George G. Robertson">
George G. Robertson

George G. Robertson is an American information visualization expert and Senior Researcher, Visualization and Interaction (VIBE) Research Group, Microsoft Research. With Stuart K. Card, Jock D. Mackinlay and others he invented a number of Information Visualization techniques.
Biography.
Robertson has worked as a faculty member of the Computer Science Department at Carnegie-Mellon University, a Senior Scientist at Thinking Machines, and a Senior Scientist at Bolt Beranek and Newman. 
Before his current position at Microsoft he was Principal Scientist at Xerox PARC. Since 1996 he is a Principal Researcher in the Visualization and Interaction group at Microsoft Research. 
He is an ACM Fellow and manages a project on 3D User Interfaces and Information Visualization. He is associate editor of the "Journal of Information Visualization".
Robertson's research interests are "user interfaces, 3D interactive animation, 3D graphics, information visualization, intelligent information access, multimedia, and hypermedia", see also: Connection Machine and Gender HCI
Publications.
Articles, a selection:

</doc>
<doc id="18320738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320738" title="Peter von Matt">
Peter von Matt

Peter von Matt (born May 20, 1937) is a Swiss philologist.
Life.
Born in Lucerne, Peter von Matt grew up in Stans in the canton of Nidwalden. He studied Art History as well as German and English studies in Zurich and received a doctorate with Emil Staiger on Franz Grillparzer. In 1970, he received his post doctorate lecturing qualifications with a work on E. T. A. Hoffmann.
From 1976 to 2002, von Matt taught as the University of Zurich as a Professor of Newer German Literature. He was a guest professor at Stanford University in 1980 and a Fellow of the Institute for Advanced Study, Berlin in 1992/93. Von Matt is a member of the Deutsche Akademie für Sprache und Dichtung, the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities, and the Sächsische Akademie der Künste (Saxon Academy of the Arts). He writes regular contributions for the "Frankfurter Anthologie". He is married to literary critic Beatrice von Matt-Albrecht and lives with her in Dübendorf near Zurich.

</doc>
<doc id="18320739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320739" title="Where Do We Go from Here (Chicago song)">
Where Do We Go from Here (Chicago song)

"Where Do We Go from Here" is a song from the American rock band Chicago's second studio album, "Chicago II" (1970). It was released as the B-side to the single "25 or 6 to 4", one of the leading songs off of the record. With that single, it went to number four on the Pop Singles chart in June 1970.
The song was also the very first musical composition from bassist Peter Cetera, who was by this time contributing more than on the debut album released the year before. The song deals with how life is short, and that if you look around you can see that people need to embrace each other with love all the time, and not just when the country is at an all-time low (hence the Vietnam War). The title line is taken from a TV reporter's comment during the broadcast of the 1969 moon landing—a historically positive event in stark contrast to the social upheavel on Earth at the time.
A live performance of the song can be found on their 1971 "Chicago at Carnegie Hall" album.

</doc>
<doc id="18320801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320801" title="Patmore">
Patmore

Patmore is a surname that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18320805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320805" title="IRAC (disambiguation)">
IRAC (disambiguation)

IRAC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18320810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320810" title="Siddharta Records">
Siddharta Records

Siddharta Records is a record label founded in 1989 by Norwegian composer and pianist Øystein Sevåg. All his records are released on this label for the territory of Norway, some titles for the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18320817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320817" title="Descendants of Smith">
Descendants of Smith

Descendants of Smith is the fourteenth studio album by Roy Harper, released in 1988.
History.
As a publicity stunt on the music media, whom Harper thought did not give him or his music fair or considered reviews. Harper sent out 3 promo versions of his single "Laughing Inside" using anagrams of his own name; 'Per Yarroh' a Norwegian classical avant garde composer, 'Rory Phare' a lounge lizard and trendy art designer and 'Harry Rope' a Hells Angel. Music magazines were sent the 7" single, along with an accompanying fake biography describing the artist they were being introduced to. 
An employee from Sounds interviewed Per Yarroh and apparently fell for the publicity stunt "hook, line and sinker". When interviewed, Harper elaborated; "as she wrote up the interview in the office, an old timer heard the record and asked what she was doing on Roy Harper? She'd loved the record originally, but then turned right around and wrote the most vindictive piece about me. I also had loads of radio lined up, but as soon as they found out it was me they all cancelled. Being called Roy Harper is the biggest artistic drawback in my career." 
1994 Reissue.
The album was re-issued in 1994 under a different title, "Garden of Uranium". The track listing remained identical, though the album was given new artwork.
Track listing.
"All tracks credited to Roy Harper, except" Laughing Inside "- Roy Harper/Nick Harper"

</doc>
<doc id="18320822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320822" title="Pete Dougherty">
Pete Dougherty

Pete Dougherty is an American sportswriter for the "Green Bay Press-Gazette". He has been with the "Press-Gazette" since the late 1980s and became the newspaper's primary Green Bay Packers reporter in 1994. In 2000, he was voted Wisconsin sportswriter of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="18320823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320823" title="Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine">
Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine

The Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. since 1995. It includes observational and analytical reports on alternative medicine treatments.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in MEDLINE, Current Contents/Clinical Medicine, Science Citation Index, Journal Citation Reports/Science Edition, EMBASE/Excerpta Medica, Scopus, CINAHL, PsycINFO, CAB Abstracts, and the Mantis database.
Reception.
Quackwatch includes the journal among its list of "nonrecommended periodicals", characterizing it as "fundamentally flawed".
In 2005 the BBC used a report published by the journal as the basis of a story claiming that the pseudoscientific practice of homeopathy was effective for some patients. The article contradicted the findings of a study that had recently appeared in "The Lancet", reporting that homeopathy was ineffective. Pharmacologist David Colquhoun has criticized the methodology of the article in the "Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine", saying its questionnaire-based approach was "not really research at all" and that the published conclusion drawn from it was "quite ludicrous". In his view, "papers like this do not add to human knowledge, they detract from it".

</doc>
<doc id="18320834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320834" title="Pandemic (board game)">
Pandemic (board game)

Pandemic is a cooperative board game designed by Matt Leacock and published by Z-Man Games in 2008.
Pandemic is based on the premise that four diseases have broken out in the world, each threatening to wipe out a region. The game accommodates 2 to 4 players, each playing one of five possible specialists: (dispatcher, medic, scientist, researcher or operations expert). The game is unlike most boardgames as the gameplay is cooperative, rather than competitive. Through the combined effort of all the players, the goal is to discover all four cures before any of several game-losing conditions are reached.
Two expansions, "Pandemic: On the Brink" and "Pandemic: In the Lab", co-designed by Matt Leacock and Tom Lehmann, each add several new roles and special events, and rules adjustments to allow a fifth player or to play in teams. In addition, several rules expansions are included, referred to as "challenge kits".
Gameplay.
The goal of "Pandemic" is for the players, in their randomly selected roles, to work cooperatively to stop the spread of four diseases and cure them before a pandemic occurs.
"Pandemic" setup consists of a game board representing a network between cities on the map of the Earth, two decks of cards (Player cards and Infection cards), four colors of cubes (each representing a different disease), six Research Stations, and a pawn for each player. The Player cards include cards with each city name (same as on the board), Special Event cards that can be played at specific times to take beneficial actions, and Epidemic cards. Infection cards consist of one card for each city on the board and a color of the disease that will start there. At the start of the game, Infection cards are randomly drawn to populate the board with infections, from 1 to 3 cubes for a number of cities. Players start at Atlanta, the home of the Centers for Disease Control, and are given a random role and a number of Player cards. 
On each turn, a player can take 4 actions which consists of any combination of the following:
On conclusion of the turn, the player draws two Player cards, reducing their hand down to seven cards by discarding Player cards and/or immediately playing Special Event cards. If either draw is an Epidemic card, the player draws a card from the bottom of the Infection deck and places three cubes on that city, puts that card into the Infection discard pile, reshuffles the discard pile, and places it back on top of the Infection deck. After the two Player cards are drawn (epidemic or no), a number of Infection cards are revealed and one cube of the indicated color is placed on each city drawn. Should a city already have three cubes and a new cube is to be added, an Outbreak occurs and each interconnected city gains one more cube of that color; this can create a chain reaction across many cities if several are already have three disease cubes on them.
The game is over if any of the following occur:
To aid in winning the game, players are given roles that allow them to alter the above rules. Five roles were introduced with the core game, but additional roles were added through the game's expansion. For example, the Medic is able to treat all cubes in a city with one action or, once a cure for a disease is found, can remove cubes of that color without spending an action, while the Scientist only needs four cards of the same color to discover the cure. The players are also helped by the Special Event cards which allow for similar one-time actions akin to the roles, such as the direct removal of a few infection tokens or immediate construction of a research lab.
"Pandemic" requires the players to coordinate their efforts to win the game, specifically in gathering and sharing the necessary cards to discover cures while moving in coordination around the board and preventing Outbreaks in an efficient manner.
Expansions.
On the Brink.
In 2009 the first official expansion was released, featuring several new roles, rules variants for a fifth player, new Special Event cards and new challenges for the players.
There are eight Role Cards in this expansion, including a revised Operation Expert card and a "Bio-Terrorist" card which puts one player against the rest of the team.
The challenges include fifth disease - "Mutation", which should be cured or not present at the game board when the players score for victory. Another challenge is the "Virulent Strain", which makes one disease particularly deadly, replacing standard Epidemic cards with new ones. Each such card represents a special nasty effect, that this particular epidemic has on the game play.
In the Lab.
A second expansion released in the Summer of 2013 with a new game board that allows players to research disease cures in a laboratory. The goal of this activity is the same as in the base game – finding cures for diseases – but this time with an added aspect of research. Players can also use new characters and new special events included with the expansion. In addition, it added a one-player mode and a team play mode, in which teams of two compete to be the most effective team. "In the Lab" requires both "Pandemic" and "On the Brink" to play, and also requires replacement decks if using the first editions of "Pandemic" and "On the Brink".
Editions.
A 2nd edition of "Pandemic" was released in 2013, with new artwork and two new characters: the Contingency Planner and the Quarantine Specialist. Some prints of the 2nd edition had an error with a missing line between Lagos and São Paulo and edge to edge printing on cards.
A 2nd edition of the "On the Brink" expansion was released in 2013.
Replacement decks.
The "Pandemic base replacement deck" updates the 1st edition of "Pandemic" to its 2nd edition.
"Compatibility pack #2" updates the 1st edition of the "On the Brink" expansion to its 2nd edition.
The "In the Lab" expansion (released after the 2nd editions of "Pandemic" and "On the Brink") requires the 2nd edition(s), or the 1st edition(s) along with its compatibility pack(s).
Scenarios.
Z-man Games have released free to download scenarios, with changes to playing the base game. Various scenarios are set to be released.
As of January 2014, the officially released scenario list is:
The latest rulebooks and scenarios list can be found on the Z-man games Pandemic product page.
Research.
"Pandemic" has also been the subject of empirical published research studies as an example of a non-computer based activity that involves distributed Computational thinking.

</doc>
<doc id="18320864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320864" title="Meniscotherium">
Meniscotherium

Meniscotherium is an extinct genus of dog-sized mammal which lived 54-38 million years ago. It was a herbivore and had hooves. Fossils have been found in Utah, New Mexico. and Colorado. Many individuals have been found together, indicating that it lived in groups.
Body mass in "M. chamense" is estimated to be 5-17 kg, making it about the size of a small dog. 

</doc>
<doc id="18320868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320868" title="41st Brigade">
41st Brigade

41st Brigade or 41st Infantry Brigade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18320890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320890" title="Tudor domain">
Tudor domain

In molecular biology a tudor domain is a conserved protein structural motif originally identified as a region of 50 amino acids found in the Tudor protein encoded in Drosophila. The structurally characterized Tudor domain in human SMN (survival of motor neuron) is a strongly bent anti-parallel β-sheet consisting of five β-strands with a barrel-like fold and recognizes symmetrically dimethylated arginine.
The proteins TP53BP1 (Tumor suppressor p53-binding protein 1) and its fission yeast homolog Crb2 and JMJD2A (Jumonji domain containing 2A) contain either tandem or double Tudor domains and recognize methylated histones. 
Other tudor domain containing proteins include AKAP1 (A-kinase anchor protein 1) and ARID4A (AT rich interactive domain 4A) among others. A well known Tudor domain containing protein is Staphylococcal Nuclease Domain Containing 1 (SND1)/Tudor-SN/p100 co activator. SND1 is involved in RISC complex and interacts with AEG-1 oncogene. SND1 is also acts as an oncogene and plays very important role in HCC and colon cancer.
The SND1 tudor domain binds to methylated arginine in the PIWIL1 protein.Tudor containing SND1 promotes tumor angiogenesis in human hepatocellular carcinoma through a novel pathway which involves NF-kappaB and miR-221. Tudor SND1 is also present in the "Drosophila melanogaster".

</doc>
<doc id="18320893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320893" title="Hawsker-cum-Stainsacre">
Hawsker-cum-Stainsacre

Hawsker-cum-Stainsacre is a civil parish in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire, England.
According to the 2011 UK census, Hawsker-cum-Stainsacre parish had a population of 790, a on the 2001 UK census figure of 763.
There is a small church dedicated to All Saints that is a Grade II listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="18320904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320904" title="Anthurium sect. Digitinervium">
Anthurium sect. Digitinervium

Digitinervium is a section of the genus "Anthurium". It is a small, natural section (meaning that the plants within it share definite characteristics, rather than the group being defined by the odd characteristic of one type specimen, as in sect. "Gymnopodium") consisting of plants with thick leaf blades, glandular-punctate (having raised dots) on the lower surfaces, with well-defined basal veins, normally occurring in pairs and extending past the middle of the blade. Tertiary veins are fine, closely packed, and parallel. The section is distributed across a limited range consisting of the Andes of northwestern South America (i.e. Colombia and Ecuador), and the mountains of Costa Rica and Panama.
The most typical specimen of this section is "Anthurium ovatifolium"; other examples include "A. lentii", "A. crassifolium", "A.lingua" and "A. weberbaueri". Very little is known about hybridization in this section; the only know cross was of "A. lentii" with "A. nymphiifolium", of section "Calomystrium".

</doc>
<doc id="18320941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18320941" title="Reality After Midnight">
Reality After Midnight

Reality After Midnight is the seventh album by William C. Woxlin. According to William C. Woxlin the album is a concept album revolving around a man's life in a big city where he've to battle with drugs, alcohol and parties.
For this album William combined influences from his ex-group Sywnthkrawft, with his more ambient projects. This is also the first album to feature vocals by William C. Woxlin.
Since William's change of name (from 'William Johansson' to 'William C. Woxlin') this album will be released under his new name during the spring of 2009.
Overview.
During the peak of Williams band Sywnthkrawft he started to write songs for a third album. But after their announcement of an indefinite hiatus William decided to make a new solo album. The first recording sessions started in May 2007 with the whole group; but later William discharged Gustav Jacobsson and Viktor Jacobsson from the project and recorded the album by himself.
The final album contains 16 song from sessions made during a one year period. Some of the songs were meant to turn up on the third Sywnthkrawft album (named "SK3 - The Space Musical"). Some of the outtakes are known:
Outtakes from the Sywnthkrawft sessions:
Outtakes from William C. Woxlins solo sessions:
Also the song "Party as if you were Lindsay Lohan" were recorded and released by Sywnthkrawft (as their last single), and later a remade version became the first single of Reality After Midnight. The last single of the album, Devil May Care (featuring Tess), was released on August 20 on Spotify.
Track listing.
All songs by William C. Woxlin

</doc>
<doc id="18321023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321023" title="American Watercolor Society">
American Watercolor Society

The American Watercolor Society is a nonprofit membership organization devoted to the advancement of watercolor painting in the United States. It was founded in 1866 by eleven painters and, originally, was known as the American Society of Painters in Water Colors. Initially, it was difficult to draw in new members, partially because some artists of the time opposed the society's policy of allowing women to join. 
Watercolor technique requires discipline, forethought, and planning of the composition, as the paintings can not be revised if mistakes occur (as one could with oil technique, for instance). AWS judges the work of a painter before granting admission to the society as an "active" (now "signature") member. Such membership in the society now is considered an indication of the painter having established a consistent style and to have demonstrated considerable skill in the medium. "Transparency" in the works of watercolor painters is highly valued. That is a technique wherein the paper surface is allowed to show through the applied paint as an integral aspect of the painting. The applicant usually must demonstrate a history of winning prizes in juried art shows with professional standing to gain admission. This type of membership in the society, generally, is signaled by "AWS" following the painter's name in promotional materials and biographies. Membership by others is indicated as an "associate" status. 
Catherine Tharp Altvater (1907-1984) was the first woman to hold office in the society. In 2008 Jim McFarland took over presidency from Janet Walsh.

</doc>
<doc id="18321042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321042" title="Just a Common Soldier">
Just a Common Soldier

Just A Common Soldier, also known as A Soldier Died Today, is one of the most popular poems on the Internet 
. Written and published in 1987 by Canadian veteran and columnist A. Lawrence Vaincourt, it now appears in numerous anthologies, on thousands of websites and on July 4, 2008 it was carved into a marble monument at West Point, US . Set to music by the author's son, composer Randy Vancourt, it has been released several times as a record, most recently on November 1st, 2013 by American singer Connie Francis.
References.
http://www.montrealgazette.com/news/montreal/Lawrence+Vaincourt+poem+about+common+solider+went+viral/7526378/story.html

</doc>
<doc id="18321047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321047" title="WFKC-LP">
WFKC-LP

WFKC-LP (105.5 FM) is an American low-power FM radio station licensed to serve the community of Walton, Kentucky. The station is currently owned by SGM, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18321062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321062" title="WLZD-LP">
WLZD-LP

WLZD-LP (106.1 FM) is an American low-power FM radio station licensed to Hazard, Kentucky. The station is currently owned by Hazard Community Broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="18321072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321072" title="WYWY">
WYWY

WYWY (950 AM) is a radio station licensed to Barbourville, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Choice Radio Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="18321076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321076" title="Anthurium sect. Pachyneurium">
Anthurium sect. Pachyneurium

Pachyneurium is a section within the genus "Anthurium". It is the largest section, containing the "birdsnest" Anthuriums. Plants of the section are terrestrial, with a rosette growth habit of dense, deeply rooted stems, and long lanceolate to oblanceolate leaves. Leaves are borne on short petioles, and often have waved margins. The most notable characteristic is in the rolling of new leaves. "Anthurium" of all other sections are rolled in a simple spiral, resembling a conch shell; those of "Pachyneurium" are rolled in two opposite spirals towards the central rib of the leaf.
The birdsnest form of these Anthuriums means that they trap debris and water quite efficiently in the plant base; this adaptation is a response to living in very arid climates. As such, they rarely appear in wet forest environments, where other "Anthurium" sections are frequent inhabitants. Typical plants of the section include "Anthurium affine", "A. cubense" and "A. schlechtendalii".

</doc>
<doc id="18321086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321086" title="Adamo Paolo Cultraro">
Adamo Paolo Cultraro

Adamo Paolo Cultraro (born June 6, 1973) is an Italian-American filmmaker, director, writer, and producer. He is the founder of Taormina Films, a production company. 
Cultraro was born in Toronto, Canada, to Italian parents. His first language was Italian and he still speaks it fluently. Cultraro has directed websisodes, a TV pilot, numerous shorts, and recently the feature film "Corrado", starring Tom Sizemore, Johnny Messner, Candace Elaine, Edoardo Ballerini, Tony Curran, Frank Stallone, and Joseph Gannascoli. Cultraro's latest action feature film is "Tactical Force", starring Stone Cold Steve Austin, Michael Jai White, Michael Shanks, Lexa Doig, and Keith Jardine, and released by Vivendi Entertainment. Tactical Force debuted at #24 on IMDb's Star Meter and went on to become #10 in the top ten best selling DVDs in the United States for the month of August, 2011, making it among the most successful DVD releases of a Stone Cold Steve Austin picture ever produced.

</doc>
<doc id="18321091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321091" title="WYMC">
WYMC

WYMC (1430 AM) is a radio station licensed to Mayfield, Kentucky, USA. The station airs an Oldies/Full service format and is currently owned by JDM Communications, Inc. WYMC is also heard on 93.9 FM through a translator in Mayfield, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="18321117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321117" title="WYGH">
WYGH

WYGH (1440 AM) is a radio station licensed to Paris, Kentucky, USA, serving the Lexington area. It is a simulcast of what is broadcast on WIOK 107.5 FM in Falmouth, KY. The station is currently owned by Hammond Broadcasting, Inc..
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18321120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321120" title="Garden of Uranium">
Garden of Uranium

Garden of Uranium is a 1994 album by Roy Harper.
The album was originally released in 1988 as "Descendants of Smith". For this release the track listing is identical, but the album cover has been redesigned.
Track listing.
"All tracks credited to Roy Harper"

</doc>
<doc id="18321138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321138" title="WYAH-LP">
WYAH-LP

WYAH-LP (93.7 FM) was a radio station licensed to Winchester, Kentucky, USA. The station was owned by Franklin Avenue Church of the Living God, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18321150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321150" title="WXYR-LP">
WXYR-LP

WXYR-LP (104.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Monticello, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Genesis Appalachian Project, Inc..

</doc>
<doc id="18321167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321167" title="WXLN-LP">
WXLN-LP

WXLN-LP (93.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Shelbyville, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Bullock's Christian Broadcasting Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="18321185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321185" title="WXAM">
WXAM

WXAM (1430 AM) is a radio station licensed to Buffalo, Kentucky, USA. The station is owned by Elizabethtown Cbc, Inc..

</doc>
<doc id="18321201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321201" title="Buffalo, Kentucky">
Buffalo, Kentucky

Buffalo is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in southern LaRue County, Kentucky, United States. Its population was 498 as of the 2010 census. It lies along Kentucky Route 61 south of the city of Hodgenville, the county seat of LaRue County. Its elevation is 748 feet (228 m), and it is located at (37.5120048, -85.6985728). Although Buffalo is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 42716.

</doc>
<doc id="18321202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321202" title="Cyprodime">
Cyprodime

Cyprodime is an opioid antagonist from the morphinan family of drugs.
Cyprodime is a selective opioid antagonist which blocks the μ-opioid receptor, but without affecting the δ-opioid or κ-opioid receptors. This makes it useful for scientific research as it allows the μ-opioid receptor to be selectively deactivated so that the actions of the δ and κ receptors can be studied separately, in contrast to better known opioid antagonists such as naloxone which block all three opioid receptor subtypes.

</doc>
<doc id="18321208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321208" title="WWLK">
WWLK

WWLK (900 AM) was a radio station licensed to serve Eddyville, Kentucky, USA. The station was owned by Tilent, Inc..
History.
The station went on the air as WEAK on 1980-09-15. On 1986-03-14, the station changed its call sign to WWLK. On April 19, 2012, the station's license was cancelled and its callsign deleted by the Federal Communications Commission. 

</doc>
<doc id="18321218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321218" title="WWKU">
WWKU

WWKU (1450 AM) is a radio station licensed to Plum Springs, Kentucky, USA. The station is owned by Newberry Broadcasting, Inc. and runs ESPN Radio sports programming. The station moved from 1440 to 1450 in May 2008 to allow for an upgrade to a stronger signal of 1,000 watts day and night (compared with the 500 watts day and 30 watts night it previously had). Before having Plum Springs as its official city of license, WWKU was licensed by the Federal Communications Commission to the town of Glasgow, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="18321223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321223" title="WVLC">
WVLC

WVLC (99.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Mannsville, Kentucky, USA. The station is owned by Shoreline Communications, Inc..
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18321229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321229" title="WIZD">
WIZD

WIZD (1480 AM) is a radio station licensed to Neon, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Letcher County Broadcasting, Inc..
History.
The station went on the air as WEZC on 1995-11-20. On 2006-08-31, the station changed its call sign to WVSG. On April 13, 2009, WVSG became WGCK, taking its callsign from sister station WGCK-FM., and then changed again to the current WIZD on February 8, 2011 

</doc>
<doc id="18321239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321239" title="Neon, Kentucky">
Neon, Kentucky

Neon, Kentucky may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18321252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18321252" title="WVHM">
WVHM

WVHM (90.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Southern Gospel format. Licensed to Benton, Kentucky, USA. The station is currently owned by Heartland Ministries, Inc.
Translators.
In addition to the main station, WVHM is relayed by an additional two simulcast stations and translators to widen its broadcast area.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
