<doc id="18492286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492286" title="David Rheem">
David Rheem

David Y. "Chino" Rheem (born April 15, 1980) is a poker player from Los Angeles, California. In November 2008, Rheem finished in seventh place at the 2008 World Series of Poker Main Event, cashing for $1,772,650. He went out of this event on to Peter Eastgate's with Eastgate flopping a pair of queens on a board of . He is also the winner of the World Poker Tour's Season VII Doyle Brunson Five Diamond World Poker Classic, earning $1,538,730. Rheem had five previous WSOP cashes, his best result being a runner-up finish to Allen Cunningham in a $1,000 no limit Texas hold 'em with rebuys event in 2006. He cashed in the 2005 World Series of Poker Main Event, finishing 193rd place. He also made a final table earlier in 2008, finishing in fifth place in the $5,000 Mixed Hold'em event.
In August 2011, Rheem won the $20,000 buy-in 6-Max No Limit Hold'em tournament at the inaugural Epic Poker League earning $1,000,000. One week later his membership in the league was placed on probation. Admittingly owing several "fellow" poker pros considerable debts, he has since made payments on said debts.
He won the 2013 World Poker Tour Championship event, beating Erick Lindgren heads up, to win $1,150,297.
As of 2013, his total lifetime live poker tournament winnings exceed $7,100,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18492290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492290" title="God's Pottery">
God's Pottery

God's Pottery is a New York faux-Christian acoustic music and comedy duo. Its members are Wilson Hall (as "Jeremiah Smallchild") and Krister Johnson (as "Gideon Lamb"). They are both from New York City.
Information.
God's Pottery appeared on the sixth season of the NBC reality show "Last Comic Standing". They were selected as semi-finalists in the New York City audition, then selected as finalists after a performance in Las Vegas, Nevada. They were eliminated along with Esther Ku in the first head-to-head elimination round on Episode 7, finishing in 12th place.
The duo released an EP from Comedy Central Records entitled "Live at Comix" in December 2007.
They also wrote the book "What Would God's Pottery Do".

</doc>
<doc id="18492300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492300" title="Camera Obscura (electronic duo)">
Camera Obscura (electronic duo)

Camera Obscura was a New Wave/synthpop band formed in 1982 in York, England, by Peter Oldroyd and Nigel James. They signed to Small Wonder Records in 1983 and reached no. 32 in the UK Indie Chart with the single "Destitution". They split up in 1986 but reformed for a tour of Germany in 2005 after signing to German label Anna Logue Records. They have since released an album of recordings from 1983, "Horizons of Suburbia", two singles "Strange Faces", "Strange Faces 2006" and a live EP from a show in Hannover, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18492313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492313" title="Extreme hardship">
Extreme hardship

Extreme Hardship is a legal term in the United States of America's Immigration Law.
United States Immigration Law: Extreme Hardship.
In U.S. Immigration law effects of certain grounds to deportability and inadmisibility can be waived, under the discretion of the USCIS adjudicator or immigration court. Several waivers are available by the statute of immigration codes while some other require showing "extreme hardship" potentially caused to a qualifying family member (the US citizen or legal permanent resident's close relatives) of the defendant (person excluded from admission or being removed).
Note that the hardship to the defendant is not relevant here, only the hardship caused to the qualifying family by removing the defendant or excluding him from admission. The waivers are governed by INA 212 and INA 237 (potentially some others: add?). The United States Waiver of Inadmissibility application is required for INA 212 waivers, while INA 237 waivers do not have such application.
Controversy.
The term "extreme hardship" does not mean "extreme" in the common sense of the word. The US law perceives normal, usual effects of deportation or inadmissibility as not "extreme". So separation of parents and small children, loss of employment or residence, uprooting of family are not considered "extreme", contrary to the apparent perception about US being family oriented and having human face government or laws. Following this line of thought, if suicide was a common effect of deportation, it would be considered "normal".
Here is a quote from BIA (Board of Immigration Appeals) rejecting appeal of a waiver:
"U.S. court decisions have repeatedly held that the common results of deportation or exclusion are insufficient to prove extreme hardship. See Hassan v. INS, 927 F.2d 465, 468 (9th Cir. 1991). For example, Matter of Pilch, 21 I&N December 627 (BIA 1996), held that emotional hardship caused by severing family and community ties is a common result of deportation and does not constitute extreme hardship. In addition, Perez v. INS, 96 F.3d 390 (9th Cir. 1996), held that the common results of deportation are insufficient to prove extreme hardship and defined extreme hardship as hardship that was unusual or beyond that which would normally be expected upon deportation. Hassan v. INS, supra, held further that the uprooting of family and separation from friends does not necessarily amount to extreme hardship but rather represents the type of inconvenience
and hardship experienced by the families of most aliens being deported. The AAO recognizes that the applicant's spouse and/or children would likely endure hardship as a result of separation from the applicant.
However, their situation, if they remain in the United States, is typical to individuals separated as a result of deportation or exclusion and does not rise to the level of extreme hardship."
Qualifying Family Member.
There are two levels of qualifying family members, depending on what grounds the waiver is for.
In case of INS 212(i) or 237 (other?):
Additionally, in case of 212(h) waivers

</doc>
<doc id="18492318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492318" title="Dragoș Firțulescu">
Dragoș Firțulescu

Dragoș Firțulescu (born 15 May 1989) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Kaposvári Rákóczi FC.

</doc>
<doc id="18492320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492320" title="Sorin Bușu">
Sorin Bușu

Sorin Marian Buşu (born 8 July 1989) is a Romanian football player, currently under contract with Universitatea Craiova.

</doc>
<doc id="18492322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492322" title="Thomas Bryan (courtier)">
Thomas Bryan (courtier)

Sir Thomas Bryan (died 1518) was an English courtier during the reign of Henry VIII.
Life.
He was the son of Sir Thomas Bryan, and became vice-chamberlain to Catherine of Aragon.
Family.
His wife, Margaret Bryan was governess to the King's four acknowledged children, Mary, Elizabeth, Edward and his illegitimate son, Henry Fitzroy, 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset. She impressed the King so much, he made her Baroness Bryan in her own right. They had three children, Margaret, Francis and Elizabeth.
Francis was a close friend of the King's and of his brother-in-law, Nicholas Carew. As Baroness Bryan was the half-sister of Elizabeth Boleyn, Countess of Wiltshire and the mother of the King's mistress Mary Boleyn and his second wife Anne Boleyn, fortunes improved for the Bryan family during the 1520s and early 1530s. But it was not only Thomas Bryan's nieces by marriage who attracted the King, but his daughter, Elizabeth Carew, also. Elizabeth was linked to Henry from 1514 and was said to have been given jewels by Henry VIII that technically belonged to the queen, Katherine of Aragon.

</doc>
<doc id="18492328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492328" title="James M. McIntosh">
James M. McIntosh

James McQueen McIntosh (1828 – March 7, 1862) was a career American soldier who served as a brigadier general in the Confederate Army during the Civil War. Noted as an aggressive and popular leader of cavalry, he was killed in action at the Battle of Pea Ridge.
Birth and early years.
McIntosh was born at Fort Brooke (at today's Tampa), Florida Territory, while his Georgia-born father was on active duty in the U.S. Army. His younger brother was future Union general John Baillie McIntosh. They were descended from a Revolutionary War commander, and their great-great uncle was General Lachlan McIntosh. Their father, a colonel, was killed in action during the Battle of Molino del Rey.
Military career.
James McIntosh received an appointment to the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York, but proved to be a poor student and graduated last in the Class of 1849. He first served in the infantry as a second lieutenant before transferring to the cavalry and serving on the Western frontier. He was stationed at Fort Smith in Arkansas when several Southern states, including his native Florida, began seceding in early 1861.
With the outbreak of the Civil War, McIntosh resigned his commission and joined the Confederate cause as colonel of the 2nd Arkansas Mounted Rifles. He saw combat action in the August 1861 Battle of Wilson's Creek. Although he was courageous and daring, McIntosh was also impulsive and reckless, preferring to lead his men from the front instead of concentrating on the duties of a brigade commander.
In the late autumn, Confederate troops undertook a campaign to subdue the Native American Union sympathizers in Indian Territory and consolidate control. ColonelDouglas H. Cooper, commanding the Indian Department, planned a coordinated attack with McIntosh on the enemy camp at Chustenahlah. McIntosh left Fort Gibson on December 22, with 1,380 men. On Christmas Day, he learned that Cooper’s force was delayed, but he decided to attack the next day, despite being outnumbered. McIntosh assaulted the camp at noon on the 26th, utterly routing Chief Opothleyahola’s band of Creeks and Seminoles.
As a result of his decisive victory, McIntosh received a promotion to brigadier general in January 1862.
Death and burial.
At the Battle of Pea Ridge, he commanded a brigade in the division of Ben McCulloch, who was killed by Union infantry fire. Shortly after assuming division command, McIntosh was leading an advance when he was struck and killed by a bullet, less than fifteen minutes after McCulloch's death.
He is buried in the Fort Smith National Cemetery. A memorial to Unknown Confederate Dead, made of marble, commemorates McIntosh, as well as Brigadier General Alexander E. Steen, a Missourian who was killed at the Battle of Prairie Grove.

</doc>
<doc id="18492333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492333" title="Aaron Woodruff">
Aaron Woodruff

Aaron Dickinson Woodruff (September 12, 1762 – June 24, 1817) was the Attorney General of New Jersey from 1792 to 1811 and from 1812 to 1817.
Biography.
Woodruff was born in 1762 in Elizabeth, New Jersey, the oldest child of Elias and Mary Joline Woodruff. In 1779 he graduated from Princeton College as the valedictorian for his class. After serving in the American Revolutionary War, he was admitted to the bar in 1784. He served in the Electoral College and won a seat in the New Jersey General Assembly from Hunterdon County. As a legislator he was influential in having Trenton selected as the state capital in 1790.
In 1793, he was appointed New Jersey Attorney General and served in the position until 1811, when he was replaced by Andrew S. Hunter. Woodruff, who was a Federalist, was ousted by the Democratic-Republicans who had taken control of the New Jersey Legislature in that year's elections. However, when the Federalists regained control of the Legislature in 1812, they reinstated Woodruff as Attorney General.
Woodruff continued to serve until his death in 1817. He died at the home of his brother-in-law in Changewater (now Warren County, New Jersey).

</doc>
<doc id="18492335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492335" title="Ida Kavafian">
Ida Kavafian

Ida Kavafian (born October 29, 1952, Istanbul) is a classical violinist and violist.
Biography.
Kavafian was born in Turkey to Armenian parents. She moved with her family to America in 1956, and began studying violin in Detroit at age six. Her teachers included Ara Zerounian, Mischa Mischakoff, Oscar Shumsky, and Ivan Galamian, the last two of which she studied under while attending the Juilliard School from 1969 to 1975. Her first major exposure came when she won the Vianna da Motta International Violin Competition in Lisbon in 1973. She won the Young Concert Artists International Auditions in 1978 which led to her New York recital debut at Carnegie Hall. That same year she became a member of the Tashi ensemble with Peter Serkin, who also accompanied her for her New York solo debut. She began performing with her sister, Ani Kavafian, in 1983, when the pair played together at Carnegie Hall. In 1983-84 she toured with Chick Corea. A member of the Chamber Music Society from 1989–1993 and 1996–2002, she played with the Beaux Arts Trio from 1992 to 1998 and sporadically thereafter. She founded her own group, Opus One, in 1998, with Anne-Marie McDermott, Steven Tenenbom, and Peter Wiley. She teaches at the Curtis Institute of Music, the Juilliard School and the Bard College Conservatory of Music. She plays a J. B. Guadagnini violin made in Milan in 1751, and a Moes and Moes viola made in 1987.
Kavafian's repertory includes classical and early romantic works by Mozart, Beethoven, and Mendelssohn, as well as 20th century works of Ruth Crawford Seeger, Charles Wuorinen, and Toru Takemitsu. Takemitsu has composed a concerto for Kavafian.
Kavafian is also notably the founder of two prestigious music festivals: the Bravo! Vail Valley Music Festival and the Music from Angel Fire.
Discography.
With Chick Corea
With Beaux Arts Trio

</doc>
<doc id="18492337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492337" title="Oil Creek Library District">
Oil Creek Library District

The Oil Creek Library District is an administrative unit designated by the Pennsylvania Office of Commonwealth Libraries and charged with facilitating and enhancing public library service in Clarion, Venango, and Jefferson Counties. The District's offices are currently located at the Oil City Library, a public library serving approximately 11,000 people in the city and surrounding areas. The Oil City Library was built in 1911 with a $44,000 grant from Andrew Carnegie on land purchased for the project by the Belle Lettres Club, a local women's literary society.
History.
The Oil Creek Library District is the successor to the now defunct Clarion Library District. The District was created in May 1996. The first Administrator was Kay Ensle and the first District Consultant was Julie Schill. The District made considerable progress under Julie Schill's guidance. Emerging technologies were embraced and libraries entered into the digital age. 
In 2006, after several years of vacancy, the role of District Consultant was assumed by Daniel Parker. Since then there has been a revitalization of the District. New training and continuing education opportunities have been developed, new district services have been created and a clear strategic plan for future library development has been instituted. Under Mr. Parker's leadership, libraries in the District have further developed Teen/YA Programs, expanded their legislative advocacy, participated in the Gates Foundation Opportunity Online Grant, and have embraced new models of non-profit governance. 
In May 2008 Bruce George was appointed District Administrator and the District Center Library expanded its hours of operation. 
District Services.
The Oil Creek Library District provides professional consultation to its member libraries on all issues and topics pertaining to public libraries and the library profession. Additionally, the District provides Full IDS Membership, MARC Magician Subscriptions, Computer/Technology Support, Inter-Library Loan Support, and a variety of Continuing Education opportunities to its members.
Library resources.
The Oil Creek Library District maintains subscriptions to two databases, Learn-A-Test and HeritageQuest, for the benefit of the patrons at its member libraries. The District also has a collection of Teen Book Club Kits and Bi-Folkal Kits, which it loans to libraries for senior programming. Additionally, there is an ever growing collection of professional materials. These materials are available for loan to member libraries and are a source of reference for the District Consultant. The Library District and its member libraries are members of the Access PA statewide library system.

</doc>
<doc id="18492339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492339" title="Cone algorithm">
Cone algorithm

In computational geometry, the cone algorithm identifies surface particles quickly and accurately for three-dimensional clusters composed of discrete particles. It is especially useful for computational surface science and computational nano science. The cone algorithm was first described in a publication about nanogold in 2005. More detailed explanations and source code are available online. [http://www.pas.rochester.edu/~wangyt/algorithms/cone/index.html]
The cone algorithm works well with clusters in condensed phases, including solid and liquid phases. It can handle the situations when one configuration includes multiple clusters or when wholes exist inside clusters. It can also be applied to a cluster iteratively to identify multiple sub-surface layers.

</doc>
<doc id="18492358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492358" title="Maiysha">
Maiysha

Maiysha Kai (Born April 16, 1978) is a Progressive/ Soul/ R & B/ recording artist. Her first album "This Much is True" was released August 26, 2008. Produced by Scott Jacoby, her first album features 12 all new tracks and a cover of Peter Gabriel's "Sledgehammer". The album also features a duet with Martin Luther (who starred in 2007's Across the Universe).
Born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, Maiysha went to Sarah Lawrence College where she studied vocal performance as well as creative writing and race and gender studies. After graduating, Maiysha moved to New York City to teach at a private school in Manhattan. She also was signed to Ford Models. 
"This Much is True" is the first release on the Eusonia label. Maiysha's first single off the album, "Wanna Be", was released to iTunes on June 24, 2008. The album was highly anticipated, and Maiysha has already been featured in USA Today Newsweek, and TV Guide.
Maiysha is nominated for a 2009 Grammy Award for Best Urban/Alternative Performance for her song "Wanna Be."
What's next is a live album, "UnderCover", recorded at the legendary Blue Note Jazz Club in Manhattan. Inspired by the response to Maiysha's sexy re-working of Peter Gabriel's "Sledgehammer" on "This Much Is True:" and the raw and electrifying live performances she has become known for, "UnderCover" is due to be released in Spring 2010 via Eusonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18492365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492365" title="International Foodservice Distributors Association">
International Foodservice Distributors Association

The International Foodservice Distributors Association (IFDA) is a trade association serving the foodservice distribution industry. Its members include manufacturers, distributors, and buying groups who service the foodservice industry. Their largest membership base is from North America but they represent the industry internationally as well. IFDA traces its history to 1906 when the National Wholesale Grocers' Association (NWGA) was founded to promote food safety and represent the industry to government. In 1969, IFDA was created as a division of NAWGA to represent the specific needs of foodservice distribution. Eventually, IFDA began independent operation on January 1, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18492366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492366" title="Core Historical Literature of Agriculture">
Core Historical Literature of Agriculture

The Core Historical Literature of Agriculture (CHLA) is the name of both a digital preservation project and the resulting digital library which began at Cornell University's Albert R. Mann Library in 1994. It is notable as an early digital library and, unlike later book digitization projects by Google and Microsoft, where the focus is mainly on the wholesale scanning of massive numbers of titles, its collection follows a scholarly selection methodology with a specific subject focus (primarily agriculture). Although CHLA is a much smaller collection than that of Google Books Library Project, for example, "all" of its titles are considered academically and historically important, and all texts in CHLA are freely accessible.
The CHLA project scans books and journals which are considered landmark titles in the history of agriculture that were originally published between the early nineteenth century and the middle to late twentieth century. Most of the titles in the collection were published in the era when acidic paper was used for printing; over time such paper becomes brittle, yellows and begins to disintegrate with age.
Mann has established a similar collection known as The Home Economics Archive: Research, Tradition and History (HEARTH) that focuses on the historical literature of home economics and human ecology.
History.
In 1988, Wallace Olsen began the Core Literature Project at Mann Library. With funding from the Rockefeller Foundation, Olsen assembled groups of scholars at Cornell University and across the US to determine what the core books and journals in the broad range of subjects relating to agriculture were, both current and historical. These teams of scholars gathered to evaluate texts in their respective fields of specialization, ranking works based on a range of criteria that relied heavily on citation analysis. By the end of their research, Olsen's teams of scholars produced enough research to fill what became a seven volume series titled "The Literature of the Agricultural Sciences", published between 1991 and 1996.
In accordance with 1993's National Preservation Program for Agricultural Literature, digitized materials were initially made available on compact disk and microfilm. The materials were later made accessible on the World Wide Web in August 1997. Titles cover agricultural economics, agricultural engineering, animal science, crops and their protection, food science, forestry, human nutrition, rural sociology, and soil science.
Select Readings from the Collection.
All titles are full-text.
Agricultural history. Agricultural History Society, Fargo, N.D. : (1927–1965)
Agricultural price control. Shepherd, Geoffrey Seddon. Collegiate Press, Ames, Iowa : 1945.
Agricultural reform in the United States Black. John D. McGraw-Hill Book Company, Inc., New York : 1929.
Apple growing. Burritt, M. C. Outing Publishing Company, New York : 1912.
Beekeeping. Phillips, Everett Franklin. [1915?]
1st Ed. (LaGrange, IL: author, 1920)
Canning and how to use canned foods. Bitting, A. W. National Canners Association, Washington, D.C. : 
The cattle-breeder's handbook. Watson, James A. S. Ernest Benn Ltd., London : 1926.
The climates of the United States. Ward, Robert DeCourcy. Ginn and Company, Boston ; 
1st Ed. (LaGrange, IL: author, 1914), 2nd Ed. (LaGrange, IL: author, 1918), 3rd Ed. (LaGrange, IL: author, 1920), alternative 3rd Ed
Dairy farming Eckles, Clarence Henry. Macmillan New York : 
Farm machinery Culpin, Claude. C. Lockwood & Son, Ltd, London : 1938.
Farm management. Boss, Andrew. Lyons & Carnahan, Chicago ; 
The first book of farming. Goodrich, C. L. Doubleday, Page & Co., New York : 1905.
Ferguson, John Arden. Farm forestry. J. Wiley & Sons, New York : 1916.
Horses, cattle, sheep and swine; origin, history, improvement, description, ... Curtis, George W. College Station, Tex.: [c1888
Green, Samuel B. Vegetable gardening; a manual on the growing of vegetables for home use... Webb Publishing Company, St. Paul : 1896.
The grapes of New York. Hedrick, U. P. J.B. Lyon Company, Albany : 1908.
Irrigation farming; a handbook for the practical application of water ... Wilcox, Lucius Merle. Orange Judd Co., New York : 
The A B C of strawberry culture, for farmers, village people, and small growers; a book for beginners. Terry, T. B. A. I. Root Co., Medina, Ohio : 1902.

</doc>
<doc id="18492378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492378" title="Ivorian Human Rights League">
Ivorian Human Rights League

The Ivorian Human Rights League (; LIDHO) is a human rights organization in Côte d'Ivoire, founded on 21 March 1987 by René Degni-Segui. LIDHO is present in almost all major cities in Côte d'Ivoire. 

</doc>
<doc id="18492382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492382" title="The Snakes">
The Snakes

The Snakes was a British-Norwegian hard rock band, formed by former Whitesnake members Bernie Marsden and Micky Moody in 1997. The line-up consisted of guitarists Marsden and Moody with Norwegian musicians, vocalist Jørn Lande, bassist Sid Ringsby, who later joined the Norwegian band TNT, and drummer Willy Bendiksen. The band released one live album, one studio album and broke up in 1999.
Biography.
The Snakes were formed by Whitesnake guitarists Bernie Marsden and Micky Moody, exclusively performing Whitesnake songs. Initially, the project was called 'Saints and Sinners' and was to feature other former Whitesnake band mates including, bassist Neil Murray and drummer Cozy Powell plus American vocalist John West but this never materialised. During August 1998, the "Once Bitten" album was released in Japan on the Pony Canyon label. Former Vagabond vocalist Jørn Lande was drafted in and TNT guitarist Ronni Le Tekrø produced the band. TNT's touring keyboard player Dag Stokke engineered the album. A live album "Live in Europe " was released in December 1998, with recordings of live performances of Whitesnake songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18492396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492396" title="Juan Pedro Gutiérrez">
Juan Pedro Gutiérrez

Juan Pedro Gutiérrez Lanas (born October 10, 1983) is an Argentine-Spanish professional basketball player. He plays at the power forward and center positions. He plays for CB Canarias in the Spanish ACB League.
Professional career.
Gutiérrez began his professional career in the Argentine League with Obras Sanitarias during the 2001–02 season. In 2004, he joined the Spanish ACB League club Granada. He returned to Obras Sanitarias in 2010, where he played for two seasons, winning two titles with the club. He signed with the Spanish League club CB Canarias for the 2013–14 season.
Argentine national team.
Gutiérrez is also a member of the senior men's Argentine national basketball team. He made his debut with the senior team in 2004 at the South American Championship. He won silver medals at the 2005 FIBA Americas Championship and the 2007 FIBA Americas Championship, as well as bronze medals at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games and the 2009 FIBA Americas Championship.
He also won the gold medal at the 2011 FIBA Americas Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18492398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492398" title="Sobotín">
Sobotín

Sobotín () is a village and municipality ("obec") in Šumperk District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.
The municipality has a population of 1,246 (as at 1 January 2010).
1st January 2010 from the municipality Sobotín separated new municipality Petrov nad Desnou, including the village of Petrov nad Desnou and settlement Terezin.
Before separation the municipality Sobotín covers an area of , and has a population of 2,444 (as at 2 January 2009).
Sobotín lies approximately north-east of Šumperk, north of Olomouc, and east of Prague.
One of the more important landmarks in the village include the Klein family mausoleum. Kleins were a family of German businesspeople who were very active in the life of the village. They were expelled after World War II together with the German population of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18492402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492402" title="Al-Karmil">
Al-Karmil

al-Karmil () is a Palestinian village located twelve kilometers south of Hebron. The village is in the Hebron Governorate Southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the village had a population of 3,741 in 2007. The primary health care facilities for the village are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 2.
History.
There are three references to al-Karmil in the Bible. "Carmel" is mentioned as a city of Judah, also as the place where Saul erects a monument after the expedition against the Amalek and where Nabal the Carmelite resides.
After the Bar Kochba revolt Khirbet al-Karmil was used as a Roman garrison town. The Jews of the town being uncomfortable with the Roman presence moved their settlement 2 km southeast, occupying a hilltop ridge. The new Jewish settlement prospered until the Persian army of Chosroes forced the Roman garrison of Heraclius's army to quit Palestine. The Persian army was, in its turn, shortly destroyed by the Rashidun Caliphate.
With a lack of market for their wine, the Jewish settlement declined with the synagogue finally being abandoned in the 9th Century. The abandoned synagogue is one of the best preserved ancient synagogues in the West Bank.
Al-Muqaddasi describes it 985 as "a village in the further limits of the Hebron territory, in Jund Filastin. This is the Carmel mentioned in Joshua xv.55."

</doc>
<doc id="18492426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492426" title="Blissed (band)">
Blissed (band)

Blissed is a Christian hard rock band formed in 2002 by David Pearson. The original lineup consisted of David Pearson, Robert Sweet of Stryper, Trevor Barr, and Jeff Miller.
Debut EP and first album.
Following the release of the group's debut recording, the EP entitled "IIII", Blissed released its first full-length album, "Waking Up The Dead", on KR Records in 2002. The album received extensive radio airplay throughout the United States and Europe, reaching the Top 50 on the CMJ charts as well as the Top 10 on the CCM charts.
Blissed began the "Waking Up The Dead Tour" in California and continued shows throughout the Midwest and Texas. The group then toured several European countries beginning in the Netherlands at a show with 4,000 in attendance. The group was then asked to headline the same Dutch venue the next day with four other bands on the ticket. Blissed then toured throughout Belgium, France, England, and Scotland. Promotional interviews during the tour appeared in "Powerplay", "CCM", "Hebbez", "Rock Tribune", and "Metal Hammer".
After returning from Europe, Blissed's final leg of the tour included dates in Niagara Falls, New York; Atlanta, Georgia; Orlando, Florida; Jacksonville, Florida; Chattanooga, Tennessee; Nashville, Tennessee; New York City; Long Island, New York; Youngstown, Ohio; Cleveland, Ohio; Detroit, Michigan; Battle Creek, Michigan; Wilmington, Delaware; Tulsa, Oklahoma; Fort Worth, Texas; and Wichita, Kansas.
At the tour's end in 2004, Blissed began to record new material for its next album, namely the tracks "Superhero" (written by Jeff Miller and David Pearson) and "Monster" (written by David Pearson and Trevor Barr). During this time, Trevor Barr parted ways with the band and Robert Sweet left to reunite with Stryper.
With the addition of two new members, Blissed lineup became David Pearson (lead vocals/guitar), Jeff Miller (lead guitar/vocals), Steve Boyd (bass/vocals), and Nathan Kojak (drums/vocals).
Second album.
In 2006, Blissed released its second full-length album, "Corrosive", on KR Records, with mastering at legendary Sterling Sound in New York. In support of the release, the group shot three high-definition music videos and began a 14-month tour which had the band performing coast to coast throughout America. Key performances included the Lakeshore Music Festival, the Joshua Music Festival, and Cornerstone.
Blissed's album, "Corrosive", was nominated for the 2006 Hard Music Record of the Year and "Superhero" was nominated for the 2006 Hard Music Song of the Year.
Third album.
In 2007, Blissed began recording its third full-length album, "The End Of The World", (or "EOTW") on KR Records. The album was pre-released on June 30, 2008, to promote the group's showing at Cornerstone 2008. Behind its first single and music video, "Justice", the band toured throughout the United States resulting in an ever-growing and dedicated fan base.
New recording label and two-disc release.
After receiving increasing industry interest during its "EOTW" tour, Blissed signed with notable recording label, Wounded Records, which proceeded to issue a two-disc CD/DVD package release entitled "Death Is Not the End". Disc One's CD included a remixed/remastered "End Of The World" (the band's third album) along with the two newly recorded tracks, "Come and Take It" and "Get Your Hands Up". Disc Two's DVD included the group's first live-concert video release.
Current lineup.
As of 2013, the lineup for Blissed is David Pearson (lead vocals/guitar), Jake Taylor (lead guitar),Russell Raven (rhythm guitar), Sammy James (bass/vocals), and Lucas Spinosa (drums/vocals).

</doc>
<doc id="18492431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492431" title="Kelly Kim">
Kelly Kim

Kelly Kim is a poker player from Whittier, California, primarily known for his 8th place finish at the 2008 World Series of Poker Main Event, earning $1,288,217.
Kim was born in Los Angeles, California in November 1976 and graduated from the University of California, San Diego. He worked as a business analyst before turning to poker full-time.
He finished 398th in the 2005 World Series of Poker and earned $18,335. 
As of 2009, his total live poker tournament winnings exceed $1,600,000. His seven cashes at the WSOP account for $1,364,273 of those winnings.

</doc>
<doc id="18492451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492451" title="Russ Miller">
Russ Miller

Russ Miller is an American session drummer.
As a Multi-Platinum recording artist, he has played on multiple Grammy award winning recordings with combined sales of over 26 million copies. He has worked with over 50 international artists, including Ray Charles, The 5th Dimension, Cher, Natalie Cole, Tina Turner, Bobby Caldwell, Andrea Bocelli, Nelly Furtado, The Psychedelic Furs, Al Jarreau, Hilary Duff, Daniel Bedingfield, and Meredith Brooks. Modern Drummer Magazine Readers Poll voted Miller in the top five studio drummers in the world, three years in a row. He has performed on more than 300 albums and dozens of international movies such as "Chicken Little", "Fracture", "Rugrats Go Wild!", "Boondock Saints", "Resident Evil Apocalypse", "Silent Hill" and "Garfield". Miller has played on No. 1 songs/albums for three years in a row (2000–2003). Along with his album credits, he has two solo albums, "Cymbalism" and "Arrival", on R.M.I Records. In addition, Martin performs educational clinics throughout the world for Yamaha, Zildjian, Remo, Shure, and Meinl music instruments. Martin also has authored two books: "The Drum Set Crash Course" and "Transitions", along with his two videos, "The Drum Set Crash Course" and "The Drum Set Crash Course Tuning Edition" from Warner Brothers Publications. A five time Modern Drummer readers poll winner, Martin's solo projects were voted the No. 1 educational books and videos in the world. 
Martin grew up in Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="18492455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492455" title="Willie Culbert">
Willie Culbert

Willie Culbert was a former Scottish footballer best known with Dumfries club Queen of the South.
Queen of the South.
Willie Culbert was a 1932 Queen of the South signing from Clyde.
Culbert was one of the mainstays of the side that were promoted to the to division for the first time when they ended their 1932-33 campaign with a victory over divisional champions Hibs.
As a player Willie Culbert was part of many landmark events in the history of Queen of the South:-
Willie Culbert was slim built and full of craft, a fearless tackler and good with his head. He formed a great partnership with right back Willie Savage through the 1930s. Culbert was rewarded with a testimonial in 1938 v Carlisle Utd.
Among the others at Queens in the 1930s with Savage were fellow players Willie Savage, Willie Ferguson, Joe Tulip, Irish international Laurie Cumming and Jackie Oakes. He played under managers George McLachlan and Ferguson as McLachlan's successor.
After the promotion in Culbert's 1st season all of Culbert's time at Queens was spent in the top division (excluding war time interruption Queens spent every season in the top division following their promotion until 1959 except one).

</doc>
<doc id="18492474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492474" title="Szabolcs Székely">
Szabolcs Székely

Szabolcs Székely (born June 29, 1985 in Romania), is a Romanian football player, he is currently playing for ACS Poli Timișoara.

</doc>
<doc id="18492482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492482" title="Paris Belongs to Us">
Paris Belongs to Us

Paris Belongs to Us (, sometimes translated as Paris Is Ours) is a 1960 French mystery film directed by Jacques Rivette and starring Betty Schneider. Begun in 1957 and completed three years later, it was then-critic Rivette's first full-length film as a director and one of the first works of the French New Wave, though it was not released theatrically until 1961.
The plot centres around a group of actors rehearsing Shakespeare's Pericles for a performance that never happens. The film operates as a depiction of bohemian Parisian life in the late 1950s, framed in a frightening world-view coloured by anxiety and fatigue, paranoia and disillusionment.
Like fellow "Cahiers du cinéma" critic Eric Rohmer, Rivette did not find popularity with his early films and, unlike many of his New Wave compatriots, he remained at "Cahiers" for most of the core New Wave era (1958–1968) and completed only two other features during the period.
The film features cameos by fellow New Wave directors Claude Chabrol (who co-produced the film), Jean-Luc Godard, Jacques Demy and Rivette himself.
Writing in the film journal "Senses of Cinema", critic Hamish Ford said of the film: "...for me at least, his debut feature is a perfect film in its way. If the first work of a long career should, at least in the oeuvre-charting rear-vision mirror, offer an appropriately characteristic or even perhaps idiosyncratic entry point into a distinct film-world, then "Paris nous appartient" is indeed a perfect 'first' Rivette in its combination of formal daring and conceptual elusiveness."

</doc>
<doc id="18492484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492484" title="Bistrița Bârgăului">
Bistrița Bârgăului

Bistriţa Bârgăului () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Bistriţa Bârgăului and Colibiţa ("Kolibica").

</doc>
<doc id="18492492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492492" title="Braniștea, Bistrița-Năsăud">
Braniștea, Bistrița-Năsăud

Braniştea () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Braniştea, Cireşoaia ("Magyardécse"; ) and Măluţ ("Omlásalja").
At the 2011 census, 62.7% of inhabitants were Hungarians and 37.1% Romanians. At the 2002 census, 60.6% were Reformed, 34.6% Romanian Orthodox, 2.4% Seventh-day Adventist and 1.1% Pentecostal.

</doc>
<doc id="18492497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492497" title="Father Patrick Mercredi Community High School">
Father Patrick Mercredi Community High School

Father Mercredi Community High School is a Roman Catholic high school in Fort McMurray, Alberta Canada. It became the first Catholic high school in the city of Fort McMurray and is operated by the Fort McMurray Catholic School District.
History.
The school was named after Father Patrick Mercredi, the second First Nations priest in the Province of Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="18492509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492509" title="Ani Kavafian">
Ani Kavafian

Ani Kavafian (born May 10, 1948, Istanbul) is a classical violinist and professor at the Yale School of Music.
Kavafian was born in Istanbul to parents of Armenian descent. In 1956 she moved with her family to Detroit, by which time she had begun playing piano. She began on violin at age nine, studying under Ara Zerounian and Mischa Mischakoff. She studied at Juilliard from 1966 under Ivan Galamian and Sally Thomas. She debuted at Carnegie Hall in 1969 and in Paris in 1973, the same year she won the Young Concert Artists International Auditions. Her sister, Ida Kavafian, also studied at Juilliard, and the two have played together frequently in concert over the course of their careers. Ani toured through the 1970s, and taught at the Manhattan School of Music and the Mannes College of Music in the 1980s. She became a member of the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center in 1979, and married artist Bernard Mindich. She has also taught and performed at the Sarasota Music Festival.
Kavafian's repertory is grounded in the concertos of Mozart, Brahms, and Mendelssohn, but she is also well known for her performances of twentieth century works of Samuel Barber, Béla Bartók, Dmitri Shostakovich, Erich Korngold, Aram Khachaturian, Arno Babajanian, Henri Lazarof, and Tod Machover. She plays a 1736 Stradivarius.

</doc>
<doc id="18492515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492515" title="Bennett College (New York)">
Bennett College (New York)

Bennett College was a women's college founded in 1890 and located in the town of Millbrook in New York. The school closed in 1978.
History.
Bennett College was founded in 1890 at Irvington, New York by May F. Bennett. In 1907 the college moved to its final home on in Millbrook, Dutchess County, New York. In 1907 the school had an enrollment of 120 students and a faculty of 29. Originally named The Bennett School for Girls, the course of study was six years (four years of high school and two years of higher study). In the early 20th century the school discontinued high school courses and became a junior college only. The two-year curriculum continued through the 1970s. Generations of young women from prominent American families attended Bennett over its 90-year history.
Majors of study included art, fashion design, interior design, music, modern languages, literature, history, dance, drama, child development, equine studies, and domestic science. Activities at Bennett included gymnastics, golf, tennis, horseback riding and skiing. The school was home to a full-time teaching Nursery School for 3 and 4 year olds as well as a riding stable.
At the time of its closing, enrollment was around 300 students.
Closure.
With the growing popularity of coeducation in the 1970s, Bennett found itself struggling to survive. An attempt to upgrade facilities and convert to a coed college in the mid-1970s left the already troubled college in financial distress. In 1977 the trustees attempted to reach a collaboration agreement with Briarcliff College, a junior women's college in nearby Briarcliff Manor which was also struggling with low enrollment. The plan did not work, however, and Briarcliff instead merged with Pace University in 1977 after both Briarcliff and Bennett entered bankruptcy. In 1978 the college closed its doors for good.
The library of Bennett College was transferred to The Hayes Memorial Library along with other school artifacts. Academic records may have been transferred to Pace University.
Bennett College closed a few short weeks after its freshman orientation in the fall. The students having already arrived at Bennett for their fall semester were given the opportunity to attend Marist College, a nearby co-ed university in Poughkeepsie, New York.
Halcyon Hall.
The main building of Bennett College, Halcyon Hall, was built in 1893 by H. J. Davison Jr., a publisher from New York. The 200-room Queen Anne structure was designed by James E. Ware. It has five stories, a basement and sub-basement. Originally built as a luxury hotel, the building became home to Bennett College in 1907 after the hotel failed to catch on. The Bennett campus also included a chapel, stables, dormitories, an outdoor theater, and the Kettering Science Center, a state of the art building completed in late 1972. The cost of constructing the science building (needed to comply with new state science education requirements), along with other campus upgrades, contributed to the school's bankruptcy.
Halcyon Hall was never reopened and quickly fell into ruin. When the heat was turned off, water pipes burst, causing major water damage throughout the building. Large portions of the roof have collapsed and trees can be seen growing through parts of the building. Halcyon Hall remains in this state as of 2013. Several attempts were made in the 1980s to develop the property but all failed and the title was taken over by Mechanics and Farmers Savings Bank. The bank failed in 1991 and its assets were seized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Halcyon Hall was scheduled to be demolished in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18492550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492550" title="NHS Redress (Wales) Measure 2008">
NHS Redress (Wales) Measure 2008

The NHS Redress (Wales) Measure 2008 is the first piece of primary legislation passed by the Welsh Assembly with its greater law-making powers in the wake of the Government of Wales Act 2006. It was passed by the Welsh Assembly on 6 May 2008 and became law on 9 July 2008 when the Queen approved it through an Order in Council of the Privy Council. Only the commencement section came into force on approval with the rest of the measure coming into force on such day or days as the Welsh Ministers may specify by Statutory Instrument.
The primary aim of the legislation is to reform the law of tort in respect of the National Health Service in Wales. Assembly Presiding Officer Dafydd Elis-Thomas said that "he passing of the first assembly measure into law heralds a burgeoning confidence in the new law-making constitution of Wales," and called the measure a "historic milestone for Wales and the National Assembly for Wales".

</doc>
<doc id="18492558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492558" title="Screamin' 4 Vengeance">
Screamin' 4 Vengeance

"Screamin' 4 Vengeance" is the seventh studio album by rapper C-Murder (who was serving a life sentence at the Louisiana State Penitentiary for murder), released on July 1, 2008 through Asylum Records. Singles from the album include "Be Fresh" and "Posted on the Block (Remix)".

</doc>
<doc id="18492561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492561" title="Dave Hahn">
Dave Hahn

Dave Hahn (November 3, 1961, Okinawa, Japan) is a professional mountain guide, ski patroller, journalist and lecturer. On May 26, 2012 he reached the summit of Mount Everest for the 14th time - the most for a non-Sherpa climber. Among Hahn’s other notable accomplishments are his 30 summits of Vinson Massif, Antarctica’s highest mountain. He has reached the summit of Mount McKinley (originally called Denali) in Alaska, North America’s highest peak, 20 times over the course of 27 expeditions in 25 years.
On May 6, 2009 Hahn received a Citizen's Award for Bravery from the U.S. Department of the Interior. The award was bestowed on him for a rescue he made of an injured climber on Mount Rainier in 2002. The rescue received additional attention because the helicopter that Hahn was in crashed upon descent. Hahn helped evacuate the pilot before making his way to the injured climber.
Biography.
Hahn graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in history from the State University of New York at Buffalo in 1984.
In 1999, Hahn, who specializes in guiding high, glaciated mountains, was a key member of the team that discovered the remains of George Mallory at on Mount Everest's North Face. Mallory died on the mountain in 1924, along with fellow climber Andrew Irvine, but it has never been determined whether or not he first reached the top.
In 2001, Hahn was selected as the Denali Pro Mountaineer of the Year, by the National Park Service for rescues performed on Mount McKinley. In 2002, he was a recipient of the Sowles Award, given by the American Alpine Club in recognition of rescues performed high on the Tibetan flank of Mount Everest in May 2001.
Since 2005, Hahn has been a sponsored athlete for Powersox. Hahn is a member of Eddie Bauer's "First Ascent" climbing team. He is currently sponsored for ski equipment by Salomon and for climbing equipment by Whittaker Mountaineering, a climbing store in Ashford Washington. Hahn was a 2008 ESPY Award nominee for Best Outdoor Athlete.
Numerous organizations use Hahn as a guide including Rainier Mountaineering Inc., International Mountain Guides, Fathom Expeditions, and Geographic Expeditions. Hahn is a regular guide on Mount Rainier in Washington with more than 250 ascents, as well as a professional ski patroller at Taos Ski Valley in New Mexico where he has been employed since 1985. He has guided climbers to the summit of Cho Oyu twice, the sixth-highest mountain in the world, bordering Nepal and Tibet. Hahn has also made a specialty of guiding the “Shackleton Crossing” on South Georgia, the island in Antarctic waters that figured prominently in the Endurance saga of 1914-16.
Hahn is a contributor to "Outside" magazine and has acted as a correspondent for several websites, including PowerSox.com, GreatOutdoors.com and FirstAscent.com. He has contributed to several books dealing with Mount Everest and the search for George Mallory and Andrew Irvine.

</doc>
<doc id="18492570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492570" title="List of Hot Gimmick chapters">
List of Hot Gimmick chapters

The chapters of the Japanese shōjo manga series "Hot Gimmick" were written and illustrated by Miki Aihara and serialized in the monthly manga anthology "Betsucomi" from the December 2000 issue to the August 2005 issue. Shogakukan then collected the 54 chapters into 12 "tankōbon" volumes, with volume 1 released on May 26, 2001, and volume 12 released on October 26, 2005. Shogakukan later re-released the series in six "bunkoban" volumes, with the first volume released on October 15, 2008 and the sixth on December 16, 2008.
In July 2003, Viz Media announced that they had licensed "Hot Gimmick" for an English-language translation and distribution in North America. Volume 1 was released on October 29, 2003, and volume 12 on September 19, 2006. Viz announced at Anime Expo 2008 that they would re-release "Hot Gimmick" in an omnibus "Vizbig" edition. The first omnibus volume, containing volumes 1 through 3, was released on March 17, 2009. "Hot Gimmick" has also been licensed in Italian by Planet Manga.
"Hot Gimmick" was adapted into a novel titled , written by Nishizaki Megumi and featuring illustrations by Miki Aihara. It was released in Japan by Shogakukan on November 1, 2005, and in North America by Viz Media on February 20, 2007. The novel features an alternate ending from the manga, focusing instead on the relationship between Hatsumi and Shinogu.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18492575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492575" title="Aleksandr Kokko">
Aleksandr Kokko

Aleksandr Kokko (born 4 June 1987 in Leningrad) is a Soviet Union-born Finnish footballer who plays as a striker. He is half Ingrian Finn and emigrated to Finland at the age of ten. Kokko represents RoPS.
Kokko made his first appearance in the Finnish top flight at the age of 17 with FC Jazz. He joined FC Honka before the 2007 season and made six appearances for the club during his first season. On 5 May 2008 he scored a hat-trick when FC Honka beat FC Haka in a league match by the scoreline of 7 - 0. Those were his first goals in the Finnish Premier Division. Kokko was the top goalscorer in the 2008 season of Veikkausliiga with 13 goals.
In August 2010 Kokko was loaned to FC PoPa.
Kokko made his debut for the Finnish national under-21 team on 20 August 2008 in a match against Sweden.
In January 2009, IS Veikkaaja told that Real Betis was planning to make a loan offer for Kokko.

</doc>
<doc id="18492586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492586" title="Cătălin Păun">
Cătălin Păun

Cătălin Valentin Păun (born 3 January 1988) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays for Rapid Bucureşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18492599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492599" title="Slezské Rudoltice">
Slezské Rudoltice

Slezské Rudoltice () is a village in Bruntál District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic. Slezské Rudoltice municipality is situated where the Jindřichov upland meets Osoblaha plains. There is the narrow-gauge railway running through the village having three stops within the municipality borders – in Amalín, Slezské Rudoltice and Koberno. The first mention of the village is from 1255 as in 1676 it was promoted to a town. Currently it has a population of 633.
The dominant feature of the town is a chateau with unbelievable full history. A renaissance chateau was built in the middle of the 16th century on the place of a former fortress during the reign of Sup family of Fulštejn. In 1630 the chateau belonged to George of Hodice and during the reign of Albert of Hodice (born in 1706) the chateau experienced the most famous moments. Albert from Hodice loved luxury and he fitted up his chateau and also the park accordingly. During his reign the Rudoltice chateau became the cultural centre of Silesia and got known all over the Europe. In this time there were Karl Hanke and Karl Ditters from Dittersdorf playing in the chateau band. The chateau was visited by famous French philosopher Voltaire, the Prussian king Frederick II and the Austrian emperor Joseph II. After the death of the Hodice family the chateau fame came to an end – decorations were stolen or sold. After World War II the chateau belonged to the state and since 2008 it has belonged to the municipality which opened it to public.
The neo-roman Church of St. Catherine situated in Slezské Rudoltice where the remains of the Hodice family (inc. Albert of Hodice) are kept is also worth a visit. The Statue of the Virgin Mary from the Hodice era stands on the local square.
Very attractive and mysterious place is the abandoned village of Pelřimovy situated just on the Czech-Polish border. The village is the testimony of what damage may inflict strong nationalist relations. First of all in 1742 after the war between Austria and Prussia the village was divided into the Prussian and Austrian territory along the river Trója. After German population departure due to mutual distrust between communist Czechoslovakia and Poland there were almost all the houses on the Czech side of the village razed except two and originally gothic Church of St. George with a cemetery around it. In the Polish part of village, it is possible to visit a chateau accessible by a bridge over the stream Trója by the chateau chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="18492600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492600" title="Elangeni School">
Elangeni School

Elangeni is a junior school in Chesham Bois, Buckinghamshire, England. It has children from ages 7–11. Next door is a school for children aged 4–7 called Chestnut Lane. It is situated in Chestnut Lane (the road). The school has had passing Ofsted reports, as of 2007 scored Outstanding in every category, as well as the healthy school award. The school was opened by Margaret Thatcher. The name of the school means where the sun shines through.

</doc>
<doc id="18492602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492602" title="Cascade Cycling Classic">
Cascade Cycling Classic

The Cascade Cycling Classic is the longest consecutively run elite road bicycle racing stage race in the United States (1979–2010). It takes place in the Central Oregon region and is based in Bend, Oregon. It is a regular fixture for most of North America's top cyclists and teams. In recent years the race has been sponsored by the Bend Memorial Clinic while being organized by the Mt. Bachelor Ski Education Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="18492642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492642" title="Mount Hope (Antarctica)">
Mount Hope (Antarctica)

Mount Hope is a dome-shaped hill, rising to approximately , situated at the foot of the Beardmore Glacier, Ross Ice Shelf, Antarctica at . It was discovered on 3 December 1908, by Ernest Shackleton and his south polar party, on their journey towards the South Pole during the Nimrod Expedition. Through their ascent of this hill the party gained their first sight of the glacier which provided the route to the polar plateau and the pole itself. Shackleton recorded: "We reached the base of the mountain which we hoped to climb in order to gain a view of the surrounding country [...] With great difficulty we clambered up this rock face, and then ascended a gentle snow slope [...] From the top of this ridge there burst upon our view an open road to the south, for there stretched before us a great glacier [...] stretching away south inland until at last it seemed to merge in high inland ice". Shackleton named the hill that provided this vantage point "Mount Hope", for the promise that it provided. Shackleton's party ascended the glacier to the plateau, but turned back before reaching the Pole. Three years later, Captain Scott's party followed the same route and reached the Pole, but the entire party perished on the return. Mount Hope was the site of the final depot laid by the Ross Sea party in 1916, in support of Shackleton's abortive transcontinental march that was to have marked the Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="18492643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492643" title="IFDA">
IFDA

IFDA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18492667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492667" title="Budacu de Jos">
Budacu de Jos

Budacu de Jos (; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Budacu de Jos, Buduş ("Budesdorf"; "Alsóbudak"), Jelna ("Senndorf"; "Kiszsolna"), Monariu ("Minarken"; "Malomárka") and Simioneşti ("Seimersdorf"; "Simontelke").

</doc>
<doc id="18492669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492669" title="Jean Gruault">
Jean Gruault

Jean Gruault (born 3 August 1924), is a French screenwriter and actor. He wrote 25 films between 1960 and 1995. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Screenplay for the 1980 film "Mon oncle d'Amérique". He was born in Fontenay-sous-Bois, Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18492670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492670" title="Cherhill White Horse">
Cherhill White Horse

The Cherhill White Horse is a hill figure on Cherhill Down, 3.5 miles east of Calne in Wiltshire, England. Dating from the late 18th century, it is the third oldest of several such white horses in Great Britain, with only the Uffington White Horse and the Westbury White Horse being older. The figure is also sometimes called the Oldbury White Horse.
Location.
Facing towards the north-east, the Cherhill White Horse lies on a steep slope of Cherhill down, a little below the earthwork known as Oldbury Castle, and can be seen from the A4 road and the nearby village of Cherhill. A good viewpoint is a lay-by alongside the westbound carriageway of the A4 where it passes below the horse. From near here, a footpath climbs the hill towards the horse.
Near the horse is an obelisk called the Lansdowne Monument, visible in some photographs of the White Horse. This is a 38-metre stone structure, erected in 1845 by the 3rd Marquess of Lansdowne to commemorate his ancestor Sir William Petty.
Inspiration.
The Cherhill horse may have been inspired by the first such Wiltshire horse, that at Westbury, which had just been remodelled. The origins of the Westbury horse are more obscure. Unlike the Uffington White Horse in Oxfordshire (historically Berkshire), which has been shown to date from the Bronze Age, the earliest evidence of the existence of the Westbury horse is in a paper published by the Rev. Francis Wise in 1742. A bold theory for the origin of the first Wiltshire horse is that it commemorates Alfred the Great's victory over Guthrum and the Danes at the Battle of Ethandun, in 878. Another is that it was carved in the early 18th century as a show of loyalty to the new royal house, the House of Hanover, the white horse being a heraldic symbol of the Electorate of Hanover. One writer on the subject has commented "...the hillside white horse can be a slippery creature, and the origins of some are impossible to establish with any certainty."
History.
The figure at Cherhill was first cut in 1780 by a Dr Christopher Alsop, of Calne, and was created by stripping away the turf to expose the chalk hillside beneath. Its original size was by . Dr Alsop, who was Guild Steward of the Borough of Calne, has been called "the mad doctor", and is reported to have directed the making of the horse from a distance, shouting through a megaphone from below Labour-in-Vain Hill. His design may have been influenced by the work of his friend George Stubbs, notable for his paintings of horses.
Since 1780, the horse has been 'scoured' several times. In 1935, it was dressed with a mixture of concrete and chalk, and it was cleaned up in 1994. A major restoration was carried out in 2002 by the Cherhill White Horse Restoration Group, when the horse was resurfaced with one hundred and sixty tonnes of new chalk, the outline was re-cut, and shuttering was added to hold the chalk in place. This work was supported by a grant of £18,000 from the National Trust. The present surface is thus made of compacted chalk, and the edges of the figure are well defined.
In the 19th century, the horse had a glittering glass eye, formed from bottles pressed neck-first into the ground. The bottles had been added by a Farmer Angell and his wife, but by the late 19th century they were gone, perhaps taken as souvenirs. During the 1970s, a local youth centre project added a new eye made of glass bottles, but these also disappeared. The eye now consists of stone and concrete and stands proud of the chalk surface.
In 1922, M. Oldfield Howey noted that "At the time of writing (1922) this horse is sadly in need of scouring, as due to the Great War all such things have had to be neglected, but we understand that a local lady has come to its rescue and asked permission to restore it. Formerly the Lord of the Manor was its groom!"
In the week of the coronation of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth in 1937, the horse was floodlit and the letters GE were picked out in red lights above it, with the power coming from a generator at the foot of the hill. The red letters were lit up for five seconds, followed by the floodlights for ten seconds, in a repeating pattern.
The figure was featured in The Timelords music video for "Doctorin' the Tardis".
Thirteen such white horses are known to have existed in Wiltshire. Of these, eight can still be seen, while the others have grown over. The Cherhill White Horse is maintained and saved from this fate by Cherhill parish council. Perhaps most notable out of the eight, along with the Cherill white horse, is Westbury White Horse.
The hill above the horse now belongs to the National Trust.
Another nearby white horse at Alton Barnes is based on the Cherhill White Horse.

</doc>
<doc id="18492679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492679" title="Budești, Bistrița-Năsăud">
Budești, Bistrița-Năsăud

Budeşti () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Budeşti, Budeşti-Fânaţe ("Szénásbudatelke"), Ţagu ("Nagycég") and Ţăgşoru ("Kiscég").

</doc>
<doc id="18492682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492682" title="Căianu Mic">
Căianu Mic

Căianu Mic () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Căianu Mare ("Nagykaján"), Căianu Mic, Ciceu-Poieni ("Csicsópolyán") and Dobric ("Nagydebrek"). It also included two other villages until 2004, when they were transferred to Spermezeu Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18492684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492684" title="Cetate, Bistrița-Năsăud">
Cetate, Bistrița-Năsăud

Cetate is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Orheiu Bistriţei, Petriş and Satu Nou (the commune center). It also included three other villages until 2002, when they were split off to form Dumitrița Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18492687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492687" title="Chiochiș">
Chiochiș

Chiochiş () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of ten villages: Apatiu ("Dellőapáti"), Bozieş ("Magyarborzás"), Buza Cătun ("Buzaifogadók"), Cheţiu ("Ketel"), Chiochiş, Jimbor ("Szászzsombor"; ), Manic ("Mányik"), Sânnicoară ("Aranyosszentmiklós"), Strugureni ("Mezőveresegyháza"; "Rothkirch") and Ţentea ("Cente").
At the 2011 census, 73.2% of the population were Romanians, 24.1% Hungarians and 2.5% Roma. At the 2002 census, 68.7% were Romanian Orthodox, 22.1% Reformed, 4% Pentecostal, 2% Baptist and 1.8% Greek-Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="18492688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492688" title="Alexander (Antigonid general)">
Alexander (Antigonid general)

Alexander (Gr. ) was commander of the cavalry in the army of Antigonus III Doson during the war against Cleomenes III of Sparta. He fought against Philopoemen, then a young man, whose prudence and valor forced him to a disadvantageous engagement at Sellasia. This Alexander is probably the same person as the one whom Antigonus, as the guardian of Philip (son of Demetrius II of Macedon), had appointed commander of Philip's body-guard, and who was slandered by Apelles. Subsequently he was sent by Philip as ambassador to Thebes, to persecute the Macedonian Megaleas. Polybius states that at all times he manifested a most extraordinary attachment to his king.

</doc>
<doc id="18492689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492689" title="Chiuza">
Chiuza

Chiuza () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Chiuza, Mireş ("Diófás"), Piatra ("Kőfarka") and Săsarm ("Szészárma").
According to statistics from 1760-1762, Piatra village had 58 families, three priests and a church.

</doc>
<doc id="18492691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492691" title="Ciceu-Giurgești">
Ciceu-Giurgești

Ciceu-Giurgeşti (; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Ciceu-Giurgeşti and Dumbrăveni ("Gáncs"). It also included three other villages until 2002, when they were split off to form Negrileşti Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18492702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492702" title="Uncial 054">
Uncial 054

Uncial 054 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 59 (Soden), also known as "Codex Barberini", is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 8th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a part of the Gospel of John (16:3-19:41), with a commentary on 6 parchment leaves (29 cm by 18.5 cm). It is written in one column per page, 36 lines per page, in about 27 letters in line. The letters are small, parchment is thick, ink is brown. It contains lectionary markings at the margin (for liturgical service).
The text is divided according to the Ammonian Sections, whose numbers are given in the margin of text, but without references to the Eusebian Canons. 
It belongs to the same manuscript to which minuscule codex 392 belongs (folios 7-391). 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type, with some non-Byzantine readings. Aland, with some hesitation, placed it in Category V.
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 8th century.
It was found in the 17th century by cardinal Francesco Barberini (hence name of the codex). It was examined by Scholz. The text of the codex was published by Tischendorf in 1846 ("Monumenta sacra"). 
The codex is located now in the Vatican Library (Barberini Gr. 521, fol. 1-6).

</doc>
<doc id="18492721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492721" title="Maria Lenk Aquatic Center">
Maria Lenk Aquatic Center

The Maria Lenk Aquatic Park () is an aquatics centre that is part of the City of Sports Complex, in Barra da Tijuca, part of the investments of the city Rio de Janeiro to host the swimming, synchronized swimming and diving competitions of the 2007 Pan American Games. The name of the water park is a tribute to the Brazilian swimmer Maria Lenk, who died less than three months before its inauguration.
The water park, designed in accordance with established parameters and specifications of the International Swimming Federation (FINA), partially covered and is composed of an Olympic swimming pool, an indoor heating and a tank for diving.
The complex has the capacity to receive about 8,000 people. The construction area is 42,000 square meters. The facility has also been designed according to the specifications required to achieve the Para Pan American Games of 2007, as well as environments and equipment ready to receive people with special needs.
It became, as of March 2008, to be administered by the Brazilian Olympic Committee, which has been involved in training for Olympic and Paralympic athletes, coaches and officials, as well as courses, conferences, workshops, gym and small schools of swimming, water polo, diving and synchronized swimming. Until now, the year 2009, the BOC did not do any sports activity on the site.
The lack of sports activities on site has been reinforcing the theory that the complex was a white elephant funded by taxes from the state government of Rio de Janeiro. However, the park, as well as other facilities built for the achievement of the Pan American Games, is one of the major assets of the city's bid for the 2016 Summer Olympics. During the Olympics it will host the water polo and diving competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="18492726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492726" title="Nenad Starovlah">
Nenad Starovlah

Nenad Starovlah (Cyrillic: Ненад Сtаровлах; Greek: Νέναντ Στάροβλαχ; born 29 July 1955) is a Bosnian Serb football manager and former Yugoslav international with Cypriot citizenship.
Playing career.
Nenad Starovlah was the total player. He played 333 games for Željezničar as a defender where nevertheless he scored 18 goals. He stayed in Željezničar from 1972–1982, where he won the Yugoslav Championship once. He is one of the most controversial figures in the history of the Željezničar Sarajevo FC team. He was a successful player, loved by Željezničar’s fans. In July 1992, Nenad was chosen as the best young player at the tournament of the Republic Championship.
He also played for the Yugoslav National Team where in the 1978 at the Olympic Yugoslav National Team he won the Gold Medal in Athens and in the 1979 at the Mediterranean Yugoslav National Team he won the Gold Medal in Split. He retired when he was 27 years old, due to his dangerous knee injury.
Managerial career.
FC Željezničar.
After ending his football career in 1982 he took over U-10 and for eight years he trained with them where they achieved six titles for the Championship of Bosnia and Hercegovina. Due to the fact that sixteen of these players from that generation signed a professional contract with the first team, he took over as coach for Željezničar in 1992. The war in Yugoslavia took place in 1992 and as a result the team split. Many of these players managed to continue their career in successful teams. Some of these players are: Mario Stanić (Benfica, Parma, Chelsea, National Team of Croatia); Elvir Baljić (Fenerbahçe, Real Madrid, Galatasaray, National Team BiH; Marijo Dodik (Mechelen, Slaven Belupo, National Team BiH); Boris Vasković (Vojvodina, FR Yugoslavia); Veldin Karić (Vojvodina, Torino, Lugano, Dinamo, National Team Croatia), and others.
He took over Yugoslavia National Team U-16 as an assistant coach of Mirko Jozić in 1990. During the season in charge, he managed to lead the team to the finals of the European Championship in Germany in 1990 where Czechoslovakia defeated them 3-2. 
Bosnia & Herzegovina U-17
During the same period whilst he was the assistant coach at SFR Yugoslavia, he was the manager of the National Team of Bosnia and Herzegovina U-17. 1988 and 1990 was a very successful season as the team achieved the championship of Republic of Yugoslavia twice and in 1989 where the team won the second place.
FC Hajduk.
In 1992, after years of experience in the previous teams managed, Starovlah moved to Hajduk. While he was Hajduk's manager, Hajduk made the greatest achievement in the history of the club until that period of time. 
The President back then, Radoman Vasović declared:
"Even if prior to deciding to assign Nenad Starovlah as our coach, we had information about who and what personality he had, it is not till now that we can say that we are absolutely certain that we received what we wanted: a young and professional manager, a person who is fully dedicated to football, who has energy and ambition to achieve the goal that has been set, and who knows how to teach the players how to play football but also to psychologically motivate them to always give their maximum.”
FC Borac.
Starovlah then moved to Borac Čačak, where the committee of the club considered that he was the ideal coach to help their team achieve their major goal which was to enter the first league. In 1994, with Starovlah the team achieved their goal (after a thirty-two year wait), for the first and only time in their history. 
Due to the continuous success in his career, in 1994 Starovlah was also one of the candidates of Red Star Belgrade. However, Ljupko Petrović took the position.
FC Ethnikos.
In 1994, Starovlah signed a 1-year contract with Ethnikos Piraeus, who was in the first league of Greece. During the 1994–95 season, when he was the head coach of Ethnikos, the team played superb football. 
Greek newspapers were writing back then on Monday 19 September 1994: 
“Together with its manager Nenad Starovlah, Greek FC “Ethnikos” has played Starovlahs’ dance towards the biggest victory in recent years in first Greek division.”
FC Apollon.
From 1995-1999, Starovlah was working in one of the most respectful teams of Cyprus. During these four years he took different positions in the team: academy technical director and manager.
In 1998 Starovlah became the manager of the first team of Apollon. He was brought in by club president Dimis Kirzis with the appointment generally welcomed by club's fans due to Starovlah’s glowing reputation as an experienced coach with plenty of success in previous teams. While he was Apollon’s manager, Apollon reached the UEFA Cup League top sixteen for the first time in the club’s history.
FC Enosis Neon Paralimni.
In 1999, Starovlah signed a contract with Cyprus's club, FC Enosis Neon Paralimni. During his stay at the club, he reached the team’s expectations where the team also delivered very high quality football.
FC Sutjeska.
Continuing his career, in 2000 Starovlah moved to FC Sutjeska. Prior to signing the contract, Starovlah knew he had to cover a range of issues as at that season, Sutjeska was at the bottom of the league table. Even if it was a difficult season, Starovlah improved the quality of the football played and managed to achieve the highest position the team has achieved in its history. Once again the headlines of the newspapers were writing “Старовлах: Успех за памцење,” which in English means “Starovlah: Success to be remembered.”
FC Apollon.
After the success in Sutjeska, Starovlah made his second return to Apollon. During his position as the technical director of the academy, he achieved not only the team’s requirements but also made a number of football players who are known to be one of the most successful both in the Cypriot league but also abroad. Some of these players are: Constantinos Makrides, Giorgos Efrem, Giorgos Merkis, Giorgos Kavazis, Athos Solomou, Christos Theofilou, Christos Maragkos, Xenios Kyriacou, Doros Aresti, Loizos Kakoyiannis, Marios Stylianou, Sofronis Avgousti, Stefanos Voskaridis, Andreas Panayiotou, Kyriakos Koursaros, Michalis Christofi. There are many others but these are mostly known. In 2004 and 2006 where he took the position of the manager of the first team, once again he made the team satisfied with his dedication and hard work. 
On 1 October 2004, the Cypriot newspapers named him “Ο πιο πιστός στρατιώτης,” which in English means “The most dedicated soldier.”
FC Željezničar.
In 2006, Starovlah became the manager of FC Željezničar. This was not considered to be one of his successes during his career.
FC Omonoia.
Starovlah wasn't out of a job for long, moving to Cyprus and its capital Nicosia, where he signed a contract with Omonoia. He took the position of the technical director of the academy and he is also responsible for the scouting of the first team of Omonoia. Whilst working he managed to form players who play in the first team of Omonoia. Some of these players are: Charis Kyriacou, Panayiotis Frangeskou, Marios Demetriou and Stavros Christoudias. At the moment, he is the manager of Omonoia.
Reception.
Starovlah is widely respected by some players and some coaches. Many of the players never forgot to mention that Nenad Starovlah was their mentor and guided them to their today’s successful paths. Zoran Simunović described Starovlah as “a high quality coach with many diplomas, who managed to make a lot of success in his career.” Moreover, the player Panayiotis Frangeskou named Starovlah to be his “football father,” due to his years of support. Also, Zoran Šaraba stated that “Starovlah is a great expert who is in love with football. He know how to work, he is ambitious, a real professional whom everyone loves: players, management and fans. Whilst Starovlah was working in FC “Hajduk” Kula, the manager of FC “Red Star,” Dragan Džajić stated, “I congratulate the team. They have a nice team, they knew how to play against our players, the won and it brought them one point. Starovlah did a great job.” Of course, Starovlah has also been criticized by certain coaches and players.

</doc>
<doc id="18492751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492751" title="Paul Demetrius Kotzebue">
Paul Demetrius Kotzebue

Count Paul Demetrius von Kotzebue (, Pavel Yevstafyevich Kotsebu) (Berlin 1801 – 1884) was a Baltic-German Russian officer, Governor-general of Warsaw (1874–1880), son of German dramatist August von Kotzebue.
The Kotzebue family originated in Kassebau (Saxony-Anhalt). Paul was the brother of Otto von Kotzebue.

</doc>
<doc id="18492752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492752" title="It's a Disco Night (Rock Don't Stop)">
It's a Disco Night (Rock Don't Stop)

"It's a Disco Night (Rock Don't Stop)" is a 1979 club hit for The Isley Brothers, released on their T-Neck label as the second single from their gold-certified album, "Winner Takes All". The song is notable for being one of the few disco-based songs the Isley Brothers released. Beforehand, the group were known for their mixture of funk, rhythm and blues and rock. The song briefly charted on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at number 90, hitting number 27 on the R&B chart and reaching number 14 on the UK Singles chart. The song was led by brother Rudy while his brothers Kelly and Ron Isley chanted "rock don't stop" in the background.

</doc>
<doc id="18492773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492773" title="1970 floods in Romania">
1970 floods in Romania

The 1970 floods in Romania, brought on by river swelling caused by torrential rains, high winds and a heat wave that melted snow in the Carpathian Mountains, were the worst in modern Romanian history in loss of life, and caused the most damage up to the 2006 floods: at least $500 million; perhaps over $1 billion.
History.
The floods began around May 12 and lasted into mid-June. 209 people were killed, 41,000 houses were damaged or totally destroyed (leaving at least 265,000 homeless), over a million arable acres were inundated, over 100,000 sheep, pigs, cows and chickens (including over 35,000 head of cattle) drowned, 146 factories were idled at least temporarily, and over of highway required repair. At least 240,000 people were evacuated, some repeatedly. 37 of Romania's then 39 counties were severely damaged, with 230 towns and villages hit in just the first twelve days, including Sighişoara and Mediaş, the women and children of which were evacuated to centres in hill villages while the men salvaged possessions. Airports, including those at Sibiu and Satu Mare, were flooded and closed. Railway systems were damaged, and landslides blocked roads and carried away telegraph lines.
Broadly speaking, floodwaters moved from the northern and central regions toward the Danube lowlands in the south and east. The Prahova, Târnava, Olt (threatening Râmnicu Vâlcea and Slatina) and Tisza rivers were among those affected, as well as the Danube (which rose up to 6½ ft above normal spring high-water levels, flooding docks and port installations in Turnu Severin), Prut and Siret. As crests rolled onward, downstream localities knew to fear the worst: for instance, Galaţi and Brăila knew by June 3 that floods from three weeks earlier would reach them on June 11, the question being if their dikes would hold. The neighbouring Soviet Union and Bulgaria were not nearly as threatened, as the Prut and Danube banks are steep and high on their shores. The floods also came in phases: for instance, the waters were just beginning to recede when on May 23–24 renewed heavy rain and snowfalls raised their level again.
Significant resources were mobilised to fight the waters and their effects. Medical teams toured most areas of the country warning people not to drink polluted water (many drinking water installations were destroyed) and inoculating all citizens aged 2 to 55 against typhoid fever. Thousands of soldiers and civilians worked around the clock to build miles of new dikes and reinforce old ones.
The floods had political ramifications as well. General Secretary Nicolae Ceauşescu took personal direction of some emergency measures in the Brăila and Galaţi areas, particularly sensitive because their heavy industry and grain-shipping centres are near the Danube, Prut and Siret, all three of which were swollen and which merge four miles (6 km) upstream from Galaţi. On May 22, wearing a black turtleneck sweater, workman's cloth cap and farmer's jacket, Ceauşescu and high Romanian Communist Party leaders spent hours superintending the completion of a five-mile (8 km)-long earth and timber dike at Brăila. In foreign policy, the floods offered him an opportunity to continue Romania's independent foreign policy, which sought to keep its distance from the Soviet Union. While at the height of the floods, he made a sudden trip to Moscow, followed a week later by Prime Minister Ion Gheorghe Maurer, this worried Romanians and Ceauşescu then toured the country, saying over and over in speeches to flood victims that his policy remained unchanged—national independence and sovereignty, noninterference in the internal affairs of other states, equality between governments and between Communist parties, and the right of each party to shape its own policies.
The provision of foreign aid also reflected this independent course. The single largest relief payment, the equivalent of $400,000, came from the People's Republic of China, then embroiled in the Sino-Soviet split. The first relief plane came from Israel; Romania was the only Eastern Bloc country to have relations with Israel at the time. Aid from the United States and the Netherlands soon followed, but a week passed before the USSR sent a message and an offer of aid. Moreover, Western companies offered to repair or replace damaged industrial equipment they had furnished: the Galaţi iron and steel plant (Romania's largest) was built with Western expertise and equipment against Soviet opposition. Over a dozen countries, including France and Yugoslavia, gave aid. British aid organisations promised 50 tons of food, children's clothing and medicine, while West Germany sent a number of mobile water-purification units. A special fund was set up in Bucharest to assist flood victims; money poured in from factory groups throughout Romania. In one Bucharest institute, 100 donors a day gave blood, while scores of foreign diplomats gave clothing and household items.
Aftermath.
Reflecting a drive for development and modernisation, the regime embarked upon a national land-improvement programme following the floods, covering drainage, irrigation, soil erosion, navigation, power, research and training in a comprehensive approach that departed from mere reliance upon control structures. Not only did Romania cope with the floods; it brought in specifically designed alleviative and preventive measures. The floods were mentioned in at least one literary work: Marin Sorescu's 1976 play "Matca" ("The Matrix"). During the rains, a woman gives birth to her child while her father is dying in an adjacent room. As the waters close in on her, her sole thought is to raise the baby above her head in an effort to save it.
The main goal of building the Stânca-Costeşti Dam, completed in 1978, was to protect villages down the Prut river from floods.

</doc>
<doc id="18492777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492777" title="Brun I, Count of Brunswick">
Brun I, Count of Brunswick

Brun (Latin Bruno; born around 975, died around 1010), was Count in the Derlingau, the Nordthüringgau, the Hastfalagau, the Salzgau, the Gau Gretinge, and the Gau Mulbeze, with Brunswick as his residence. Brun was a member of the Brunones dynasty.
Brun's father is assumed to have been Count Liudolf (died 993). In 1002, Brun married Gisela of Swabia, who later became wife of the Emperor. Their oldest son was Liudolf (about 1003–1038). 
In 990, Brun was a member of the Saxon army that supported Mieszko I, Duke of Poland, against Boleslaus II, Duke of Bohemia, in Silesia. Brun participated in the election for King of the Romans of 1002 (after the death of Otto III, Holy Roman Emperor) as a candidate and elector. When his own candidacy failed, he supported Herman II, Duke of Swabia, whose daughter he married in the same year. Brun had been considered a legitimate candidate because he was a male-line relative of Otto III.

</doc>
<doc id="18492788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492788" title="Mikhail Porechenkov">
Mikhail Porechenkov

Mikhail Porechenkov (, born 2 March 1969, Leningrad, Soviet Union) is a Russian film actor, producer and director. In 2008, Porechenkov produced, directed and starred in "D-Day" (День Д), a Russian remake of the 1985 American action film "Commando".

</doc>
<doc id="18492808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492808" title="Show Mi Sammi Cheng 2007 Concert Live (DVD)">
Show Mi Sammi Cheng 2007 Concert Live (DVD)

Show Mi Sammi Cheng 2007 Concert Live (DVD) (Traditional Chinese: 景福 Show Mi 鄭秀文2007演唱會; Simplified Chinese: 景福 Show Mi 郑秀文2007演唱会) is a live concert recorded on May 24 and May 25 in the Hong Kong Coliseum in Hong Kong by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng, during the Show Mi Tour.
This 2 disc concert was released on November 2, 2007. The first disc is the live concert. The second disc is the karaoke version of the live concert.
The concert features 2 new songs from her promotion albums, "Mi" and "愛情萬歲". She sang some classic songs, such as: "Chotto 等等", "叮噹", "終身美麗", "放不低", and "薩拉熱窩的羅密歐與茱麗葉". "愛是..." featuring MC Yan from the band LMF. Highlights on her power medley, a medley of her 8 songs. There are 5 monologues, which talked about herself and family.
The "Show Mi Sammi Cheng 2007 Concert Live (2DVD)" includes a part called "The Making Of Show Mi". Producers talk about how the concert was created and how it was set up. Cameramen also filmed the opening of "唯獨你是不可取替" live backstage. It had interviews with Sammi and her team members and showed rehearsals.
This live concert is also released in CD, VCD, and blu-ray formats.
This concert was also released in Hong Kong on August 13 as a 2-disc, a DVD and 2 CD called "Show Mi Sammi Cheng 2007 Concert Live (2CD+DVD) (Special Edition)".
Track listing.
DISC 1
DISC 2
DISC 2
DISC 1
DISC 2
DISC 3

</doc>
<doc id="18492812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492812" title="Patti Moreno">
Patti Moreno

Patti Moreno, born in New York City, is an independent film producer and television personality best known for her work as Garden Girl on the hit web video series Garden Girl TV. Living and working in Boston, Patti publishes the hit website and e-newsletter "Urban Sustainable Living" and is in the process of writing a book based on these concepts. Her goal is to pioneer the idea of gardening in small or urban environments, and to inspire and educate people everywhere to grow their own organic food and live sustainably. She is also the co-host of Growing a Greener World, author for "Fine Gardening", and gardening expert for HGTV.
Film career.
Moreno graduated from Boston University with a degree in film and video production. In 1997, she produced her first film, Squeeze, which was written and directed by her husband, Robert Patton-Spruill. Moreno went on to produce Spruill's next two films, Turntable (2005) and Public Enemy: Welcome to the Terrordome (2008), a documentary on the rap group Public Enemy, and co-produced Do It Again (2010), a documentary about a Boston Globe reporter's quest to reunite the classic rock band The Kinks.
Garden Girl.
After the birth of her daughter in 1996, Moreno was 70 pounds overweight and used gardening as a way to get back in shape. Having just moved into a new home in Roxbury, Massachusetts, Moreno developed gardening methods for an urban environment instead of maintaining a lawn, incorporating the ideas of container gardening, vertical gardening, and Square foot gardening to get the most results from the least space. Moreno refined her technique and called it "urban sustainable living". This concept covers all aspects of urban farming, from planting and maintaining crops to raising small livestock. 
She combined her film background with her gardening skills to lay the groundwork for her website, Garden Girl TV, on which she posted short, how-to videos on urban gardening methods. Her videos touch not only on gardening, but also on cooking, water gardens, aquaculture, crafts and livestock.
In 2007, Moreno filmed the first season of Garden Girl TV. She has since made over 200 videos, and released two feature-length gardening DVDs – Square Foot Gardening (2010) and Urban Sustainable Living (2008). Patti is currently shooting the first season of a new TV series Gardening By Cuisine (2012), producing videos for HGTV.com and HGTVpro.com, and she is writing a book on urban sustainable living to accompany the series.

</doc>
<doc id="18492816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492816" title="Mădălin Murgan">
Mădălin Murgan

Mădălin Murgan (born 16 May 1983, Craiova) is a Romanian professional football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18492818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492818" title="Foundation for Hospices in Sub-Saharan Africa">
Foundation for Hospices in Sub-Saharan Africa

The Foundation for Hospices in Sub-Saharan Africa (FHSSA) was established in 1999 as a 501(c)(3) charitable organization by a group of internationally recognized hospice and HIV/AIDS care professionals. FHSSA generates support for African organizations that provide hospice and palliative care to those who are dying of HIV/AIDS and other serious diseases.
About.
FHSSA was founded in 1999 to work with African partners to help address hospice and palliative care issues. Collaborative efforts with the African Palliative Care Association (APCA) and the Hospice and Palliative Care Association of South Africa (HPCA) help build capacity throughout Africa, and focus on the needs of the dying, including families and children.
FHSSA emphasizes the importance of palliative care in the overall continuum of care for all those affected with life-threatening illness. Pain and Symptom management, psychosocial care, spiritual support, and care for the entire family, including children, are all particularly important when someone is facing the end of life.

</doc>
<doc id="18492819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492819" title="Adrian Nalați">
Adrian Nalați

Adrian Nalaţi (born 21 May 1983, Bistriţa) is a Romanian professional football player who is a Free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="18492849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492849" title="Charlie Dée">
Charlie Dée

Renée van Dongen, professionally known as Charlie Dée (born 1977), is a Dutch singer-songwriter from Rotterdam. She won De Grote Prijs van Nederland in 2004 and released her debut album "Where Do Girls Come From" in 2006 and a year later "Love Your Life" followed. "Ten Thousand Times" (a digitally released single) is a duet with Huub van der Lubbe, lead singer of De Dijk. Charlie Dée can also be heard on a balladeer's second album "Where Are You, Bambi Woods?" (2008). In the summer of 2008 she does a small Joni Mitchell tribute tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18492860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492860" title="2001 Rogers AT&amp;T Cup – Doubles">
2001 Rogers AT&amp;T Cup – Doubles

Martina Hingis and Nathalie Tauziat were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Kimberly Po-Messerli and Nicole Pratt won in the final 6–3, 6–1, against Tina Križan and Katarina Srebotnik.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round.
<ol start="6">
<li> Alexandra Fusai / Rita Grande "(Second Round)
<li> Martina Navratilova / Arantxa Sánchez Vicario "(Semifinals)
<li> Anke Huber / Barbara Schett "(First Round)
<li> Tina Križan / Katarina Srebotnik "(Final)

</doc>
<doc id="18492876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492876" title="East Wilkes High School">
East Wilkes High School

East Wilkes High School is a class 1A public high school (grades 9–12) located in Ronda, North Carolina. It is a part of the Wilkes County Schools system. The school's enrollment typically runs from 500 to 600 students. The school serves the East District of Wilkes County, including the town of Ronda, the communities of Roaring River and Clingman, and portions of Elkin.
The original buildings once housed Ronda Elementary School, but were later converted into a high school after the consolidation of the Wilkes County School system in the 1950s resulted in the construction of several new schools in the area. A new academic building and cafeteria have been completed, while the new vocational building remains under construction.
Academics.
The school offers career preparation classes and college preparation classes. It offers honors-level mathematics, English, history, and science courses. East Wilkes also offers Advanced Placement courses for juniors and seniors, including AP English Language and Composition, AP English Literature and Composition, AP United States History, and AP Calculus. The language department offers courses in Spanish and Latin. East Wilkes is fully accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, also known as SACS.
Athletics.
East Wilkes High School supports varsity teams for the following sports: men's/women's basketball, football, men's baseball, wrestling, women's softball, women's volleyball, men's/women's soccer, men's/women's tennis, cross country, track and field, cheerleading, and golf. The school's mascot is the Cardinal; the school's colors are white, red, and black. 
East Wilkes competes in the Northwest 1A Athletic Conference as part of the North Carolina High School Athletic Association.
Extracurricular activities.
East Wilkes offers a variety of clubs and extracurricular activities which play an active role in the school's operation and that of the surrounding community:

</doc>
<doc id="18492890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492890" title="Khatyspyt Formation">
Khatyspyt Formation

The Khatyspyt Formation is a Neoproterozoic formation exposed in the Olenëk Uplift of north central Siberia,
which contains the only known instance of the Ediacara biota preserved in a limestone bed. The Khatyspyt formation forms one of the major parts of the Khorbusuonka Group; underlying the Khatyspyt are dolomites of the Mastakh formation and their overlying red beds; the Turkut formation overlies the Khatyspyt. The Khatyspyt and part of the overlying Turkut comprise a major shallowing upward marine carbonate sequence. Khatyspytia is named after this formation.

</doc>
<doc id="18492905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492905" title="Dieter Erler">
Dieter Erler

Dieter Erler (born 28 May 1939 in Glauchau; died 10 April 1998 in Chemnitz) was a German footballer.
He began his footballing career with Chemie Glauchau in 1953. He transferred to Wismut Gera for the 1957 season and then after two seasons moved to SC Wismut Karl-Marx-Stadt in January 1959. Erler was both a playmaker and a goalscoring midfielder.
In 1963, Erler moved to SC Karl-Marx-Stadt, where he played alongside the player described by Pelé as the best left-winger in the world at the time: Eberhard Vogel. In 1966–67 the team was crowned DDR-Oberliga champion.
Between 1959 and 1972 he played for SC Wismut Karl-Marx-Stadt and then FC Karl-Marx-Stadt. During his career he gained between 1959 and 1968 47 international caps and scored 12 goals for East Germany.
He was voted GDR footballer of the year in 1967. 

</doc>
<doc id="18492912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492912" title="USS Margaret (SP-524)">
USS Margaret (SP-524)

USS "Margaret" (SP-524) was a yacht acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was reconfigured by the Navy at Boston, Massachusetts and served as a patrol craft throughout the war. Post-war she was transferred to the War Department.
World War I service.
"Margaret", a 145-foot steam yacht, was built in 1913 at Morris Heights, New York. She was acquired by the Navy in April 1917, converted to a patrol vessel, and commissioned late in the following June as USS "Margaret" (SP-524). She was renamed "SP-524" in 1918.
Post-war disposition.
In the Spring of 1919, following World War I service, she was ordered sold, but was instead transferred to the War Department in March 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18492919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492919" title="Khatyspytia">
Khatyspytia

Khatyspytia is a frondose member of the Ediacara biota. 
It is slender, with many short branches, and is named after the Khatyspyt Formation.
See also.
List of Ediacaran genera

</doc>
<doc id="18492945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492945" title="Familok">
Familok

Familok is a type of house for many families, designed for workers of the heavy industry, mainly coal miners, built at the end of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century in the cities and towns of Upper Silesia.
In several towns they are protected by conservationists and renovated due to the historical significance. The protected familoks include the ones in Nikiszowiec of Katowice, Kolonia Zgorzelec in Bytom, Ruda Śląska and Bohumín.

</doc>
<doc id="18492949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492949" title="Llanelli Waterside">
Llanelli Waterside

Llanelli Waterside is the marketing name given to the new suburb development in the coastal strip south west of the town of Llanelli, Wales. The scheme is a joint development between Carmarthenshire County Council and the Welsh Assembly Government. The project aims to create a mix of residential housing and business premises from reclaimed industrial land.
Development zones.
The project is divided into five zones:
North dock.
A commercial, leisure and retail development is planned for the dock rim. The comprises and forecast outputs are 1,000 homes, of business and office space and 25,000 sq. metres of commercial leisure developments.
Delta Lakes.
Delta lakes is a site adjacent to the coastal link road. A high tech business park is proposed with both office blocks and commercial sites. Live/Work units are also planned.
Sandywater Park.
A mixed residential and leisure development is planned in this site situated next to a lake in west Llanelli.
Old Castle Works.
Old Castle Works is a 7.5 acre (30,000 m2) brownfield re-development site with commercial and leisure development planned.
Carmarthenshire County Council has recently cleared this derelict site. The Grade 2 listed Tinning House has been retained, and will be incorported into any future development 
In May 2007, an application was made for funding from the Big Lottery Fund. Named "The Works", the development would consist of an open plaza linking the two primary facilities – a cultural centre consisting of an auditorium, TV studio and an art-house cinema and the grade 2 listed tinning shed which would be transformed into a restaurant and craft gallery. "The Works" would act in partnership with Coleg Sir Gar, a local college, which would have use of the facilities for education purposes.
On 27 October 2007, Carmarthenshire County Council announced that the lottery bid had been unsuccessful, and that other means of funding the development would need to be considered. 
Machynys.
The Machynys area is planned to have a range of residential developments in the Machynys peninsula beside the Machynys Golf Course.

</doc>
<doc id="18492950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492950" title="Instituto Tecnológico de La Piedad">
Instituto Tecnológico de La Piedad

The La Piedad Institute of Technology is a public university located in La Piedad, Michoacán, Mexico. It was founded in 1990. It is part of the Mexican public education system (SEP) and offers training for several careers. English is taught as a second language at the school.
History.
In 1990 the institute started operations in the buildings of another college, Centro de Bachillerato Tecnolópgico Industrial y de servicios No. 84, with programmes in Industrial Engineering, Business Administration, Computer Systems Engineering and Informatics.
Several years later it added a course of study for Electronics Engineering. Throughout its 17 year history, students at "Tec La Piedad" have several times won firsts, seconds and third place prizes at creativity contests, amongst institutes of technology from around the country.
The university has been the venue of regional sports tournaments, where the students took part in basketball, tennis, and soccer.
Academics.
The institute offers a variety of degree programs:
Student life.
The university students host an annual "Mexican Night" that is held once a year on the campus. The festival welcomes students and non-students to enjoy cooking competitions, displays, music, and dancing.
Research publications.
Below is a list of published research papers produced by PhD students at the school.

</doc>
<doc id="18492983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492983" title="QOOB">
QOOB

QOOB was an Italian television channel owned by MTV Italy, launched in 2005 and permanently closed in 2009. 
Content.
Was launched in November 2005 as "Your Open Source" on Telecom Italia Media analogue television frequencies. 
Broadcasting indie music videos and user-generated contents, on April 8, 2006, was renamed as "Flux" and later on November 30, 2006, was again renamed as "QOOB". 
From January 1, 2009 to February 9, 2009, Telecom Italia Media has temporarily stopped broadcasting and definitively closed on November 3, 2009. 
A program called "The QOOB Factory" on MTV Brand New broadcast user-generated videos from QOOB website.

</doc>
<doc id="18492986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492986" title="Bennis v. Michigan">
Bennis v. Michigan

Bennis v. Michigan, 516 U.S. 442 (1996), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which held that innocent owner defense is not constitutionally mandated by Fourteenth Amendment Due Process in cases of civil forfeiture.
Tina B. Bennis was a joint owner, with her husband, of an automobile in which her husband engaged in sexual activity with a prostitute. In declaring the automobile forfeit as a public nuisance under Michigan's statutory abatement scheme, the trial court permitted no offset for petitioner's interest, notwithstanding her lack of knowledge of her husband's activity. The Michigan Court of Appeals reversed, but was in turn reversed by the State Supreme Court, which concluded, among other things, that Michigan's failure to provide an innocent-owner defense was without federal constitutional consequence under this Court's decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="18492993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18492993" title="HD 219659">
HD 219659

HD 219659 is variable star. 

</doc>
<doc id="18493002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493002" title="John Wornall House Museum">
John Wornall House Museum

Constructed in the year 1858 by John B. Wornall, the house stands as a reminder of Kansas City's past.
Built in the Greek Revival style architecture with bricks hand-fired on the Wornall's property, this house is one of the four remaining Civil War period homes in the Kansas City area.
The story of the Wornalls begins in 1843 in Shelbyville, Kentucky. John Wornall's forty-four-year-old father, Richard Wornall had experienced extreme financial embarrassment due to his struggling business, which consisted of mule and horse trade. With his debts totaling almost $25,000, Richard sold of Shelby County land, thirteen slaves, most of his livestock, farm equipment, household utensils and crops to his debtors. With the remnants of his money, Richard Wornall, his wife Judith, and their two sons George Thomas and John Bristow started the trek to Westport, Missouri. Upon arrival in Westport in October 1843, Richard Wornall purchased a farm from the town father, John Calvin McCoy. The land, for which Wornall paid $5 per acre, stretched between present-day 59th and 67th streets, State Line and Main Street in what is now Kansas City.
Richard and Judith's second son, John B. Wornall, eventually inherited the property and built the house for his second wife, Eliza S. Johnson Wornall, which still stands today.
During the American Civil War, the Wornall's home was used as a field hospital for both the Union and Confederate forces after the Battle of Westport.
The historic house museum is furnished to represent the daily life of a prosperous, pre-Civil War family.

</doc>
<doc id="18493018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493018" title="Sarphatipark">
Sarphatipark

The Sarphatipark is a public urban park located in the "stadsdeel" Amsterdam Oud-Zuid in Amsterdam, Netherlands. The park is named after Samuel Sarphati.
In 1942, the park was renamed "Bollandpark" after G.J.P.J. Bolland, because Samuel Sarphati was a Jew. The old name was restored after the war in 1945.
The Dutch painter Mommie Schwarz and his wife Else Berg lived adjacent to the park from 1927 until their deportation to, and execution at, the Auschwitz concentration camp in 1942. Some of their last works were landscape paintings of the park.

</doc>
<doc id="18493027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493027" title="1994–95 Atlanta Hawks season">
1994–95 Atlanta Hawks season

The 1994–95 NBA season was the Hawks' 46th season in the NBA and 27th season in Atlanta. They finished fifth in the Central Division with a 42-40 record. In the postseason, the Hawks would be eliminated by the Indiana Pacers for the second consecutive season.
Roster.
Starter
Backup
Reverse
Inactive
Regular season.
The Dominique Wilkins trade would haunt the club as Danny Manning departed for the Phoenix Suns as a Free Agent. In an effort to rebuild the team, the Hawks traded center Kevin Willis to the Miami Heat in exchange for Steve Smith, Grant Long, and a future second-round draft selection. Despite the new look, the Hawks struggled and finished the season with a record of 42 wins and 40 losses. In the Eastern Conference, the franchise would rank 7th overall. Despite the struggles, Lenny Wilkens made history by becoming the NBA's all-time winningest coach. Wilkens surpassed Red Auerbach on January 6 with win number 939.
Playoffs.
East First Round.
(2) Indiana Pacers vs. (7) Atlanta Hawks: "Pacers win series 3-0"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1994 Eastern Conference Semifinals (Indiana won 4-2)
Transactions.
Trades.
November 7, 1994

</doc>
<doc id="18493036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493036" title="1995–96 Atlanta Hawks season">
1995–96 Atlanta Hawks season

The 1995–96 NBA season was the Hawks' 47th season in the NBA and 28th season in Atlanta. They finished fourth in the Central Division with a 46-36 record. In the playoffs, the Hawks faced the Indiana Pacers for the third consecutive season. The Hawks would eliminate the Indiana Pacers in a hard fought 5-game series. In the Eastern Semifinals, the Hawks would by eliminated by the Orlando Magic in 5 games.
Offseason.
On June 29, 1995, Guard Spud Webb would return to Atlanta. he was sent from the Sacramento Kings for Tyrone Corbin. Webb would play 51 games for the Hawks before being sent to the Minnesota Timberwolves midway through the season.
Roster.
Starter
Backup
Reverse
Regular season.
At the end of the season, no player averaged 20 points, 10 rebounds, or 10 assists per game. Coach Lenny Wilkens reached a significant milestone as he became the first NBA Coach to reach 1,000 victories. On February 22, 1996, the Hawks sent Andrew Lang, and Spud Webb to the Minnesota Timberwolves for Christian Laettner, and Sean Rooks.
Playoffs.
East First Round.
3) Indiana Pacers vs. (6) Atlanta Hawks
Last Playoff Meeting: 1995 Eastern Conference First Round (Indiana won 3-0)
East Conference Semifinals.
(2) Orlando Magic vs. (6) Atlanta Hawks
Last Playoff Meeting: This is the first meeting between the Magic and Hawks.
Transactions.
Trades.
February 22, 1996
Free Agents.
October 5, 1995
October 30, 1995
December 14, 1995
January 5, 1996
January 16, 1996
February 22, 1996
March 2, 1996
March 6, 1996
March 9, 1996
March 26, 1996

</doc>
<doc id="18493040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493040" title="1996–97 Atlanta Hawks season">
1996–97 Atlanta Hawks season

The 1996–97 NBA season was the Hawks' 48th season in the NBA and 29th season in Atlanta. In an effort to improve their team, the Hawks strengthened their defense by picking up free agent center Dikembe Mutombo. He would capture the Defensive Player of the Year honors by finishing 2nd in the NBA in rebounding and blocked shots. Mutombo was not the only member of the club to excel on defense. Guard Mookie Blaylock led the NBA in steals as the Hawks finished in 2nd in the Central Division with a 56-26 record. In the playoffs the Hawks would be put to the test as they needed 5 games to get past the Detroit Pistons. However, the Hawks would provide little challenge to the Chicago Bulls in the Eastern Conference semis as they fell in 5 games to the eventual Champions.
Offseason.
On July 15, 1996, the Hawks traded forwards Stacey Augmon, and Grant Long to the Detroit Pistons for a 1997 second round draft pick, a 1999 first round draft pick, and a 1999 second round draft pick. Also that day, they signed free agent Dikembe Mutombo.
Guard/Forward Tyrone Corbin was signed as a free agent on September 12, 1996, and would make his second stint with the Hawks.
Roster.
Starter
Backup
Reverse
Inactive
Regular season.
The Hawks struggled with a 5-6 start in their first eleven games, but would end up with a 14-2 record in January, including a ten game winning streak. They also won 20 consecutive home games from November 12 to February 12, they had the third best home record in the league (36-5). Atlanta would end the season with a 56-26 record, finishing second in the Central Division, and fourth in the Eastern Conference.
Playoffs.
In the first round, Atlanta would need five games to get past the Detroit Pistons. But in the semifinals, they would lose five games to the Chicago Bulls. The Hawks won Game 2 at the United Center 103-95.
East First Round.
(4) Atlanta Hawks vs. (5) Detroit Pistons
Last Playoff Meeting: 1991 Eastern Conference First Round (Detroit won 3-2)
East Conference Semifinals.
(1) Chicago Bulls vs. (4) Atlanta Hawks
Last Playoff Meeting: 1993 Eastern Conference First Round (Chicago won 3-0)
Transactions.
Trades.
July 15, 1996
Free Agents.
July 15, 1996
August 13, 1996
September 12, 1996
September 27, 1996
October 2, 1996
October 28, 1996
November 13, 1996
November 14, 1996
November 26, 1996
December 20, 1996
January 2, 1997
January 7, 1997
March 4, 1997
March 5, 1997
March 25, 1997

</doc>
<doc id="18493042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493042" title="Gilfema">
Gilfema

Gilfema is a jazz trio consisting of guitarist Lionel Loueke, bassist Massimo Biolcati, and drummer Ferenc Nemeth. The name of the group is derived from the first letters of the musicians' names, "Gil" for Lionel "Gil"les Loueke. The three musicians from entirely different geographical backgrounds (Loueke from West Africa, Nemeth from Hungary, Biolcati the Italian born in Sweden) met at Berklee. The same members form the "Lionel Loueke Trio", the differentiating factor being that the Lionel Loueke Trio plays all original music written by Loueke while Gilfema offers compositions by all three musicians.
Discography.
As Gilfema:
As Lionel Loueke Trio:

</doc>
<doc id="18493046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493046" title="Fit brains">
Fit brains

Fit Brains is a mobile/online platform focused on the area of brain fitness through exercises. Fit Brains is focused on mobile and online exercises in the form of brain games, personalized tools that provide feedback and charts to improve brain fitness, and blogs and articles on brain health. It is built with scientific input from Paul Nussbaum.
History.
Fit Brains was founded by Michael Cole, Paul Nussbaum, and Mark Baxter in Vancouver, British Columbia. The platform was started with private investors' money and is supported by Telefilm Canada and National Research Council Industrial Research Assistance Program (NRC-IRAP).
Aims.
The main objective of Fit Brains is to create mobile brain fitness platforms geared toward baby boomers and anyone who wants to exercise and improve their cognitive functions with [http://www.fitbrains.com/brain-games]. Fit Brains focuses on improving five cognitive functions: memory, language, concentration, executive functions, visual and spatial skills. It offers 24 games that exercise one or more functions. The science of each game is provided and users can track their performance using feedback and monitoring tools.
Media attention.
Fit Brains have been featured on multiple media outlets including New York Times, Mashable, Best Health, Fox News, CBS, etc. Fit Brains was featured on CBS News on July 10, 2008. It is supported on Bigpond and Prevention.

</doc>
<doc id="18493056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493056" title="Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies">
Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies

The Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies (ABCT) was founded in 1966. Its headquarters are in New York City and its membership includes researchers, psychologists, psychiatrists, physicians, social workers, nurses, and other mental-health practitioners, researchers, and students (located nationally and internationally) who support, use, and/or disseminate behavioral and cognitive approaches. 
Mission statement.
ABCT is an interdisciplinary organization committed to the advancement of a scientific approach to the understanding and amelioration of problems of the human condition. These aims are achieved through the investigation and application of behavioral, cognitive, and other evidence-based principles to assessment, prevention, and treatment. While primarily an interest group, ABCT is also active in:
Professional activities.
Through its membership, publications, convention and education committees, along with numerous subcommittees, ABCT conducts a variety of activities to support and disseminate the behavioral and cognitive therapies. The organization produces two quarterly journals, "Behavior Therapy" (research-based) and "Cognitive and Behavioral Practice" (treatment focused), as well as its house periodical, "the Behavior Therapist" (eight times per year). The association’s convention is held annually in November. ABCT also produces fact sheets, an assessment series, and training and archival videotapes. The association maintains a website (http://www.abct.org) on which can be found a “Find-a-Therapist” search engine and information about behavioral and cognitive therapies. The organization provides its members with an online clinical directory, over 30 special interest groups, a list serve, a job bank, and an awards and recognition program. Other offerings available on the website include sample course syllabi, listings of grants available, and a broad range of offerings of interest to mental health researchers.
History.
The organization was originally founded in 1966 under the name Association for Advancement of Behavioral Therapies by 10 behaviorists who were dissatisfied with the prevailing Freudian/psychoanalytic model (founding members: John Paul Brady, Joseph Cautela, Edward Dengrove, Cyril Franks, Martin Gittelman, Leonard Krasner, Arnold Lazarus, Andrew Salter, Dorothy Susskind, and Joseph Wolpe). Although AABT/ABCT was not established until 1966, its history begins in the early 1900s with the birth of the behaviorist movement, which was brought about by Pavlov, Watson, Skinner, Thorndike, Hull, Mowrer, and others—scientists who, concerned primarily with observable behavior, were beginning to experiment with conditioning and learning theory. By the 1950s, two entities—Hans Eysenck’s research group (which included one of AABT’s founders Cyril Franks) at the University of London Institute of Psychiatry, and Joseph Wolpe’s research group (which included another of AABT’s founders, Arnold Lazarus) in South Africa—were conducting important studies that would establish behavior therapy as a science based on principles of learning. In complete opposition to the psychoanalytic model, “The seminal significance of behavior therapy was the commitment to apply the principles and procedures of experimental psychology to clinical problems, to rigorously evaluate the effects of therapy, and to ensure that clinical practice was guided by such objective evaluation” 
The first president of the association was Cyril Franks, who also founded the organization’s flagship journal "Behavior Therapy" and was the first editor of the AABT Newsletter. The first annual meeting of the association took place in 1967, in Washington, DC, concurrent with the American Psychological Association’s meeting.
An article in the November 1967 issue of the Newsletter, entitled "Behavior Therapy and Not Behavior Therapies" (Wilson & Evans, 1967), influenced the association’s first name change from Association for Advancement of Behavioral Therapies to Association for Advancement of Behavior Therapy because, as the authors argued, "the various techniques of behavior therapy all derive from learning theory and should not be misinterpreted as different kinds of behavior therapy...". This issue remains a debate in the field and within the organization, particularly with the emergence of the term "cognitive behavioral therapies," which resulted in yet another name change in 2005 to the Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies.
AABT/ABCT has been at the forefront of the professional, legal, social, and ethical controversies and dissemination efforts that have accompanied the field’s evolution. The 1970s was perhaps the most “explosive” (see Stuart, 1974) and controversial decade for the field of behavior therapy, as it suffered from an overall negative public image and received numerous attacks from the press regarding behavior modification and its possible unethical uses. In Gerald Davison's (AABT’s 8th president) public “Statement on Behavior Modification from the AABT,” he asserted that "it is a serious mistake ... to equate behavior therapy with the use of electric shocks applied to the extremities..." and "a major contribution of behavior therapy has been a profound commitment to full description of procedures and careful evaluation of their effects". From this point, AABT became instrumental in enacting legislative guidelines that protected human research subjects, and they also became active in efforts to educate the public.
The training of mental health professionals has also been a significant priority for the association. Along with its annual meeting, AABT created an “ad hoc review mechanism” in the 70’s through the 80’s whereby a state could receive a review of a behavior therapy program. This led to the yearly publication of a widely used resource, “The Directory of Training Programs.” With growing concerns over quality control and standardization of practice, the certification of behavior therapists also became an issue in the 1970s. This debate led to the development of the Diplomate in behavior therapy at APA and for those behavior therapist practice from a more radical behavioral perspective the development of certification in behavior analysis at the master level (see professional practice of behavior analysis).
An ongoing debate within the association concerns what many consider to be a movement away from basic behavioral science as the field has attempted to advance and, in doing so, integrate more and more “new” therapies/specializations, particularly the addition of cognitive theory and its variety of techniques. John Forsyth, in his special issue of "Behavior Therapy" entitled “Thirty Years of Behavior Therapy: Promises Kept, Promises Unfulfilled,” summarized this opposition as follows: “(a) cognition is not behavior, (b) behavior principles and theory cannot account for events occurring within the skin, and most important, (c) we therefore need a unique conceptual system to account for how thinking, feeling, and other private events relate to overt human action.” The field’s desire to maintain its scientific foundations and yet continue to advance and grow was reflected in its most recent discussion about adding the word “cognitive” to the name of the association.
Many notable scholars have served as president of the association, including Joseph Wolpe, Arnold Lazarus, Nathan Azrin, Steven C. Hayes, and David Barlow. The current executive director of the ABCT is Mary Jane Eimer, CAE. For a wealth of historical specifics (governing bodies, lists of editors, past presidents, award winners, SIGs, and conventions from the past 40 years) see ABCT’s 40th anniversary issue of the Behavior Therapist.
About behavioral and cognitive therapies.
Cognitive and behavioral therapists help people learn to actively cope with, confront, reformulate, and/or change the maladaptive cognitions, behaviors, and symptoms that limit their ability to function, cause emotional distress, and accompany the wide range of mental health disorders. Goal-oriented, time-limited, research-based, and focused on the present, the cognitive and behavioral approach is collaborative; it values feedback from the client, and encourages the client to play an active role in setting goals and the overall course and pace of treatment. Importantly, behavioral interventions are characterized by a “direct focus on observable behavior”. Practitioners teach clients concrete skills and exercises—from breathing retraining to keeping thought records to behavioral rehearsal—to practice at home and in sessions, with the overall goal of optimal functioning and the ability to engage in life fully. 
Because cognitive behavior therapy (CBT) is based on broad principles of human learning and adaptation, it can be used to accomplish a wide variety of goals. CBT has been applied to issues ranging from depression and anxiety to the improvement of the quality of parenting, relationships, and personal effectiveness.
A wealth of scientific study has document the helpfulness of CBT programs for a wide range of concerns throughout the lifespan, including children’s behavior problems, health promotion, weight management, pain management, sexual dysfunction, stress, violence and victimization, serious mental illness, relationship issues, academic problems, substance abuse, bipolar disorder, developmental disabilities, Asperger’s syndrome, social phobia, school refusal and school phobia, hair pulling (trichotillomania). Cognitive-behavioral treatments are subject randomized controlled trials and “have been subjected to more rigorous evaluation using RCTs than any of the other psychological therapies”. 
Special interest groups.
The ABCT has more than 40 special interest groups for its members. These include groups for issues involving African-Americans, Asian-Americans, Hispanics and other ethnic groups; children and adolescents; couples; gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people; students; military personnel; and the criminal justice system.

</doc>
<doc id="18493059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493059" title="Leonard Woodward">
Leonard Woodward

Leonard Woodward (died 5 June 1976) was a British chemist who was associated with the University of Oxford for more than 30 years, and who was a leading authority in the field of Raman spectroscopy.
Biography.
Woodward was educated at Lincoln College, Oxford, where he was a scholar and was awarded a first-class degree. He then went to the University of Leipzig where he obtained his doctorate. After teaching at the University of Nottingham and the University of Manchester, he worked for the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research in the Fuel Research Station. He was appointed Fellow and Tutor in Chemistry at Jesus College, Oxford in 1939, holding the position until his retirement in 1970. He was then appointed an Emeritus Fellow. He also served the college as Dean and, later, Vice-Principal.
During the Second World War, he worked with D. L. Chapman, another Fellow of Jesus College, in researching the separation of uranium isotopes by gaseous diffusion. At the end of the war, he worked on Raman spectroscopy, a field in which he was regarded as one of the leading authorities, publishing many papers. He was also highly regarded as a chemistry tutor.

</doc>
<doc id="18493082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493082" title="Ikenga">
Ikenga

Ikenga (Igbo literal meaning "place of strength") is a horned Alusi (deity) found among the Igbo people in southeastern Nigeria. It is one of the most popular symbols of the Igbo people, and the most common cultural artifact. Ikenga is mostly maintained, kept or owned by men and occasionally by women of high reputation and integrity in the society. It comprises someone's "Chi" (personal god), his "Ndichie" (ancestors), "aka Ikenga" (right hand), "ike" (power) as well as spiritual activation through prayer and sacrifice.
Ikenga is specially found among the Northern Igbos of Anambra, Enugu, Delta and some parts of Kogi State. It is exclusively an Igbo symbol. Nevertheless, various peoples of Southern Nigeria have slightly different notions of the components of an individual personality, but all agree that these various aspects can only be affected through ritual and personal effort. Some variants of it are found in Ijaw, Ishan, Isoko, Urhobo and Edo areas. Among the Isoko people, there are three types of personal shrine images: "Oma", which represents the "spirit double" that resides in the other world; "Obo" which symbolizes the right hand and personal endeavor and the "lvri" which stands for personal determination. In the Urhobo areas it is also regarded as "Ivri" and in the Edo areas it's called "Ikegobo".
Functions of Ikenga.
God of Achievement.
Ikenga is a personal god of human endeavor, achievement, success, and victory. Ikenga is grounded in the belief that the power for a man to accomplish things is in his right hand. It also governs over industry, farming, and blacksmithing, and is celebrated every year with an annual Ikenga festival. It is believed by its owners to bring wealth and fortune as well as protection.
God of Time.
Two-faced Ikenga is the oldest concept of Ikenga in Igboland. It is a two-faced god, with one face looking at the old year while one face looks at the new year. This is the basis of the oldest and most ancient Igbo calendar. As a god of beginnings, it has the praise name of "Ikenga owa ota".
Consecration of Ikenga.
Ikenga requires consecration before usage. Normally, an Ikenga is consecrated in the presence of one's kinsmen or agemates by lineage head. Offerings of things like yam, cock, wine, kolanuts and alligator pepper are sacrificed to it. Consecrations are often more elaborate and occasionally less depending on the financial strength of the owner. If the owner is devoted, he feeds his Ikenga on a daily basis with Kola and wine and periodically, especially before an important undertaking, he offers sacrificial blood of a cock or ram to induce the spirit to help him succeed. Afterward, the owner also offers thanksgiving to his Ikenga for helping him achieve success. Success as believed, solely depends on their personal Chi, represented by Ikenga and the support of kinsmen.
Types of Ikenga.
According to M.D.W Jeffreys, there are three types of Ikenga: "ikenga madu" (human), "ikenga alusi" (spirit), and "ntu aga" (divination objects). The first is a fully developed human figure with horns, seated on a stool. The second is a cylinder with horns. The divination objects are small and simple and come in different shapes.
Warrior Ikenga.
The most famous type of ikenga is probably the "warrior," depicting a well-developed human figure with horns and a fierce expression. It is seated on a stool, holding objects in both hands. The right hand holds a knife with a pronounced handle and a slightly curved blade, the left hand a tusk or more often, a severed human head with eyes, nose, and mouth bulging out of the concave face. The warrior ikenga corresponds to the stage in life when men are expected to demonstrate their military prowess. Owned by many of the younger members of the age grade, it depicts the ideal young man: robust, wearing the warrior's grass skirt, and holding a knife and a severed human head. This pose used to be seen in warrior groups when they performed dances.
The knife is always held in the right hand, called "aka ikenga" (the ikenga hand), and the ikenga is also called a shrine to the right hand. In recent times the overt violent element of the severed head and knife has been replaced by metaphorical way as symbols of aggression. The most characteristic of all the iconographic elements of the ikenga, the horns ("opi"), also carries this lii, also carries this connotation. The Igbo proverb says, "The ram goes into a fight head first" ("Ebune jị isi éjé ogụ"); that is, one must plunge into a venture in order to succeed.
Community Ikenga.
A second major ikenga type, an elaboration of the warrior form, has a superstructure with human or animal images, or both. The seated figure often displays a tusk in the left hand and a staff in the right. In many examples, ichi marks are represented on the face. Some of these figures, especially the very large ones, often are more than a meter high, do not belong to an individual but to an age set or a lineage segment.
These community Ikenga figures stand for group rather than individual achievements and prestige, and demonstrate continuity between the individual and society. They are related to the display figures known as "Ugo n'acho mma" ("the eagle seeks out beauty") and display a great deal of artistic inventiveness.
In the simpler examples of this group, the superstructure on a disk base supports animal figures. Other large Ikenga have very intricate superstructures consisting of two horns that circle the sides of the head and continue upward to form another circle terminating in snake heads. Pointed protrusions occur on the lower part of the horns. Above the head are four ram heads and one or more leopards at the top. The motifs on the community Ikenga tend to have complex head dress signifying collective ownership. The motifs also depicts what the community is known for, for instance whether they are known as warriors, hunters, traders or predominantly farmers. During the annual festival, all male born during the previous year are brought before the community Ikenga and thus are validated as community numbers.
Titleholder's Ikenga.
The elaborate ikenga figures, especially those with superstructures, seem to correspond to the more advanced, title-taking stages in a man's life. The three-legged stool, known as the Awka stool, was reserved for one of the highest rank of the title system, the "ozo" title. The staff indicates authority, and comes in a complex hierarchy, from a simple wooden one to a rod of forged iron with brass rings. The most common type represented in ikenga is the "nsuagilign", distinguished by openwork on the shaft. The tusk, "okike", held in the left hand, is used as a trumpet, "odu". It alludes to the elephant, a widespread symbol for power and leadership. A stool and tusk, though not a staff, were often carried for persons of high title by a young boy or a girl.
Most of the elaborate ikenga bear the ichi scarification pattern, consisting of parallel vertical lines on the forehead and temples. Scarification was a professional specialization of experts from the Awka community. The ichi marks were used to distinguish the highest-ranking members of the title societies, as well as sons and daughters of the nobility. A superstructure usually also consists of references to animals. One prominent animal used on the titleholder ikenga figures is the leopard, "agu", the king of the animals and an emblem of the political authority of a titled man. The horns of the ram or other animals, found on all ikenga figures, signify power and aggression. Many elaborate examples display a whole figure of a ram, or at least a full head. Snakes, birds, and turtles may also be included on the ikenga.
Numerous ikenga, both the warrior and the titled person's types, have a row of pointed projections flanking the head, usually three or another odd number on each side. Ikenga in the southern Igbo area have three knobs on a horizontal bar. Besides being associated with Ikenga, the number three is also associated with males throughout West Africa. These projections may stand for "nzu", cone-shaped pieces of chalk used in rituals. This native chalk, suggesting purity and protection, is sometimes applied to the eyes and temples. High-ranking people need magical protection because they are often objects of envy, which is commonly expressed by witchcraft.
Mythology and Fables Featuring Ikenga.
According to "Ndi Ichie Akwa Mythology and Folklore Origins of the Igbos", Ikenga was the son of Ngwu, and was a bold warrior and fantastic wrestler. He was reputed with the ability of flying from one Iroko tree to another. He was the first living man in living memory to earn the title "Ogba-aka ari Oji" which meant a climber of iroko tree without the aid of strings. Ikenga lead the Nkwo nation in the first and famous river of sea battle ever undertaken by any nation in the Oji country. Mermaids came to fight for the Edo people and many Ododo warriors rode on the backs of mammoth sharks and crocodiles. Edo herbalists had the power to conjure large stones to fly and ram on the buildings of the Nkwo nations to destruction. The war was intense and lasted one month. For the first time, the use of green foliage camouflage was introduced by Ikenga and his warriors so that they appeared as floating bushes on the seas, until they came close enough on their targets to rout the Edo and Ododo enemies.
Many of the will-o-wisps sent by Edo country were destroyed. When the Edo and Odo warriors saw that they were being defeated and were forced to retreat back to their territories they made a final desperate lunge to grab the only Ndi Ichi Akwa in Ngwu's possession. Ikenga rallied around his father's palace to repulse Ododo and Edo stalwarts. Many casualties were sustained by both sides until Ikenga came face to face with the four eyed monster called "Ajikwu akpu isi" who had six horns.
"Ajikwu akpu isi" belowed out his fearsome shriek which thundered through the jungle in repeated echos that the verdue quivered in ominous pulses. The monster roused his fierce rage by scampering round his position as a means of revving up his momentum and sharpening a deadly attacking pulse.
The vibrations burgeoned into a nauseating earthquake in the area. He mixed his excrement with urine and splashed the corrosive mixture in Ikenga's direction. Ikenga used his "ekpeke" shield and in a series of athletic diving and feigning withered the ferocious onslaught. In the same split second however "Ajikwu akpu isi" had charged towards Ikenga as he snorted and roared. Ikenga sprang onto an overhead tree branch like a huge cat and somersaulted round it to suspend atop on his hands like an acrobatic gymnast.
As "Ajikwu akpu isi" thundered underneath in his charge, but missed Ikenga's backside by centimeters, Ikenga flung himself on the top horns of the monster. The two combatants hurtled through jungle flora and fauna in mortal battle. Ikenga mustered the last gram of strength in a titanic muscle flex as he twisted the neck of the beast which broke with such nerve shattering crack. There were few groans and whimperings followed by death thrubs and ghostly silence pervaded the vast jungle. The Edo and Ododo warriors were stupefied by the incredible spectacle and in a momentary recovery they retreated in disarray.

</doc>
<doc id="18493086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493086" title="Gloster III">
Gloster III

The Gloster III was a British racing floatplane of the 1920s intended to compete for the Schneider Trophy air race. A single-engined, single seat biplane, two were built, with one finishing second in the 1925 race. 
Design and development.
In 1924, the Gloster Aircraft Company designed and built the Gloster II, a development of the Gloster I racing aircraft to compete in that year's Schneider Trophy air race. The first aircraft was written off during trials, however, and as there were no other competitors, the American Aero Club postponed the competition to 1925.
In order to compete in the 1925 race, the British Air Ministry placed an order with Gloster for the design and build of two examples of a new racing seaplane in February 1925. The resulting design, the Gloster III, like the Gloster II, was a wooden biplane with single bay wings and powered by a 700 hp (522 kW) Napier Lion VII engine. The aircraft was fitted with Lamblin radiators on the leading edge of the lower wings. With a 20 ft (6.1 m) wingspan, the Gloster was the smallest British aircraft ever built with that power at that time.
The first prototype, with the serial number "N194" was flown by Hubert Broad on 29 August 1925, with the second aircraft (with the civil registration "G-EBLJ" and the military serial "N195") being flown a few days later by Bert Hinkler.
Operational history.
The pilots had little time to practice flying the Gloster IIIs, with "N194" only flying four times and "N195" flying once before being departing for America. When the Supermarine S.4 crashed during navigation trials on 23 October 1925, "N195", which was brought as a reserve was prepared to take part in the race instead of the Supermarine monoplane, to be flown by Hinkler. On the morning of the race, however, "N195" was damaged during taxiing tests, leaving Broad in N194 to carry British hopes in the afternoon's race. 
When the race took place, the Gloster III was outclassed by the Curtiss R3Cs of the United States, with the race being won by Lieutenant James Doolittle, flying a Curtiss R3C at an average speed of 232.573 mph (374.443 km/h), faster than Broad, who recorded a speed of 199.091 mph (320.537 km/h), with De Briganti in the Macchi M.33 finishing third and the remaining two Curtiss R3Cs failing to finish.
Following the race, the two Gloster IIIs were returned to the United Kingdom. After modification, they were used for training pilots of the RAFs High Speed Flight in preparation for the 1927 race.

</doc>
<doc id="18493095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493095" title="Open world">
Open world

An open world is a type of video game level design where a player can roam freely through a virtual world and is given considerable freedom in choosing how or when to approach objectives. The term free roam is also used, as is sandbox and free-roaming. "Open world" and "free-roaming" suggest the absence of artificial barriers, in contrast to the invisible walls and loading screens that are common in linear level designs. An "open world" game does not necessarily imply a sandbox. In a true "sandbox", the player has tools to modify the world themselves and create how they play. Generally open world games still enforce some restrictions in the game environment, either due to absolute technical limitations or in-game limitations (such as locked areas) imposed by a game's linearity.
Gameplay and design.
An open world is a level or game designed as a nonlinear, vast open area with many ways to reach an objective. Some games are designed with both traditional and open world levels. An open world facilitates greater exploration than a series of smaller levels, or a level with more linear challenges. Reviewers have judged the quality of an open world based on whether there are interesting ways for the player to interact with the broader level when they ignore their main objective. Some games actually use real settings to model an open world, such as New York City. 
A major design challenge is to balance the freedom of an open world with the structure of a dramatic storyline. Since players may perform actions that the game designer did not expect, the game's writers must find creative ways to impose a storyline on the player without interfering with their freedom. As such, games with open worlds will sometimes break the game's story into a series of missions, or have a much simpler storyline altogether. Other games instead offer side-missions to the player that do not disrupt the main storyline. Most open world games make the character a blank slate that players can project their own thoughts onto, although several games such as "" offer more character development and dialog. Writing in 2005, David Braben described the narrative structure of current videogames as "little different to the stories of those Harold Lloyd films of the 1920s", and considered genuinely open-ended stories to be the "Holy Grail we are looking for in fifth generation gaming".
Games with open worlds typically give players infinite lives or continues, although games like "Blaster Master" force the player to start from the beginning should they die too many times. There is also a risk that players may get lost as they explore an open world; thus designers sometimes try to break the open world into manageable sections.
Procedural generation and emergence.
Procedural generation refers to content generated algorithmically rather than manually, and is often used to generate game levels and other content. While procedural generation does not guarantee that a game or sequence of levels are nonlinear, it is an important factor in reducing game development time, and opens up avenues making it possible to generate larger and more or less unique seamless game worlds on the fly and using fewer resources. This kind of procedural generation is also called "worldbuilding", in which general rules are used to construct a believable world.
Most 4X and roguelike games make use of procedural generation to some extent to generate game levels. SpeedTree is an example of a developer-oriented tool used in the development of "" and aimed at speeding up the level design process. Procedural generation also made it possible for the developers of "Elite", David Braben and Ian Bell, to fit the entire game—including thousands of planets, dozens of trade commodities, multiple ship types and a plausible economic system—into less than 22 kilobytes of memory.
Emergence refers to complex situations in a video game that emerge (either expectedly or unexpectedly) from the interaction of relatively simple game mechanics. According to Peter Molyneux, emergent gameplay appears wherever a game has a good simulation system that allows players to play in the world and have it respond realistically to their actions. It is what made "SimCity" and "The Sims" compelling to players. Similarly, being able to freely interact with the city's inhabitants in "Grand Theft Auto" added an extra dimension to the series.
In recent years game designers have attempted to encourage emergent play by providing players with tools to expand games through their own actions. Examples include in-game web browsers in "EVE Online" and "The Matrix Online"; XML integration tools and programming languages in "Second Life"; shifting exchange rates in "Entropia Universe"; and the complex object-and-grammar system used to solve puzzles in "Scribblenauts". Other examples of emergence include interactions between physics and artificial intelligence. One challenge that remains to be solved, however, is how to tell a compelling story using only emergent technology.
In an op-ed piece for BBC News, David Braben, co-creator of "Elite", called truly open-ended game design "The Holy Grail" of modern video gaming, citing games like "Elite" and the "Grand Theft Auto" series as early steps in that direction. Peter Molyneux has also stated that he believes emergence (or emergent gameplay) is where video game development is headed in the future. He has attempted to implement open-world gameplay to a great extent in some of his games, particularly "Black & White" and "Fable".
History.
', developed by Richard Garriot at Origin Systems, and released in 1981, is perhaps the first true open-world computer game. The third game in the same series, ', further expanded on the open-world concepts of the original, and introduced other modes of transportation, such as horses and boats, which could be considered early examples of sandbox game-play. 
The space simulator "Elite" is often credited with pioneering the open world game concept in 1984. There were several early games that offered players the ability to explore an open world while driving a variety of ground vehicles. "New York City" (1984), "Miami Vice (video game)" and later "APB" (1987) expanded this format, while "Turbo Esprit" (1986) provided a rear-view 3D free-roaming city environment, and has been cited as a major influence on "Grand Theft Auto". "Hunter" (1991) has been described as the first sandbox game to feature full 3D, third-person graphics. 
"Wasteland", released in 1988 by Interplay Productions, is another important pioneer in open-world game-play. The game features a large open world, where the player's actions have a permanent and persistent effect, keeping areas in the state that the player leaves them in. It had a non-linear game-play, where the player could explore much of the world from the beginning, and tackle quests and missions in any order, with the quests often having multiple possible solutions. The player also has the ability to interact with the world in other ways, using tools like ropes and shovels, to progress; an early example of true sand-box style game-play. 
Maps in "Quarantine" (1994) featured many 
locations where missions could be picked up and also popularized the drive-by shooting tactic by using the Uzi to shoot out from the side windows. Nintendo's "Super Mario 64" (1996) was considered revolutionary for its 3D open-ended free-roaming worlds, which had rarely been seen in 3D games before, along with its analog stick controls and camera control. Other early 3D examples include the "Legend of Zelda" games ' (1998) and ' (2000), the DMA Design (Rockstar North) game "Body Harvest" (1998), the Angel Studios (Rockstar San Diego) games "Midtown Madness" (1999) and "" (2000), and the Reflections Interactive (Ubisoft Reflections) game "Driver" (1999).
21st century.
Sega's ambitious adventure game "Shenmue" (1999) was a major step forward for 3D open-world gameplay, and considered the originator of the "open city" subgenre, touted as a "FREE" ("Full Reactive Eyes Entertainment") game offering an unparalleled level of player freedom, giving them full rein to explore an expansive sandbox city with its own day-night cycles, changing weather, and fully voiced non-player characters going about their daily routines. The game's large interactive environments, wealth of options, level of detail and the scope of its urban sandbox exploration has been compared to later sandbox games like "Grand Theft Auto III" and its sequels, Sega's own "Yakuza" series, "Fallout 3", and "Deadly Premonition". was developed by GSC Game World in 2009, followed by two other games, a prequel and a sequel. The free world style of the zone was divided into huge maps, like sectors, and the player can go from one sector to another, depending on required quests or just by choice.
The series that had the greatest cultural impact was "Grand Theft Auto", with over 125 million sales. "Grand Theft Auto III" combined elements from previous games and fused them together into a new immersive experience. For instance, radio stations had been implemented earlier in games such as Sega's "Out Run" (1986) and Maxis' "SimCopter" (1996), open-ended missions based on operating a taxi cab in a sandbox environment were the basis for Sega's "Crazy Taxi" (1999), the ability to beat or kill non-player characters date back to titles such as "Portopia" (1983), "" (1985) "Final Fantasy Adventure" (1991), and various light gun shooters, and the way in which players run over pedestrians and get chased by police has been compared to "Pac-Man" (1980). After the release of "Grand Theft Auto III", many games which employed a 3D open world were labeled, often disparagingly, as "Grand Theft Auto" clones, much as how many early first-person shooters were called ""Doom" clones". Another well-known open world game is Minecraft, which has sold over 13,350,376 copies for the PC, Mac, and Linux.
Furthermore, there were several early games that offered players the ability to explore an open world while driving a variety of ground vehicles. "Turbo Esprit" provided a 3D free-roaming city environment in 1986 and has been cited as a major influence on "Grand Theft Auto". "TX-1" (1983), "The Battle-Road" (1984) and "Out Run" (1986) were non-linear driving games that allowed the player to drive through multiple different paths that lead to different possible routes and final destinations. Many of main arcade-style racing (as opposed to simulation) series had done open-world games by the 2010s.
However, Grand Theft Auto was neither the first, nor the last open-world game. Another notable example is the Elder Scrolls series of games, which feature an increasingly large and exceptionally diverse world offering enough tasks and possibilities to play for hundreds of hours despite the availability of zero-time fast-travelling.

</doc>
<doc id="18493098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493098" title="Alexander E. Steen">
Alexander E. Steen

Alexander Early Steen (1827 – December 7, 1862) was a career American soldier from Missouri who served as a general in the secessionist Missouri forces and the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He was killed in the Battle of Prairie Grove.
Military career.
Steen graduated from the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York, and was assigned as a second lieutenant to the 12th U.S. Infantry. He served at Jefferson Barracks in St. Louis, Missouri, beginning in May 1846. By the mid-1850s, Steen was promoted to first lieutenant in the 3rd U.S. Infantry and assigned to duty at Fort Union in the New Mexico Territory, where he led several lengthy reconnaissance patrols scouting for hostile Indians.
With the outbreak of the Civil War in 1861, many Missourians were forced to choose sides, especially after the state's neutrality came under test when pro-secessionist forces began organizing, and fighting between Unionists and secessionists became imminent. Steen returned to Missouri and was commissioned as the Lt Colonel of the Second Regiment, Missouri Volunteer Militia (MVM), a position he held concurrently with his commission in the U.S. Army. The Second Regiment, MVM, was composed primarily of members of the pro-secession "Minutemen" paramilitary organization. This unit was arrested by U.S. troops at Camp Jackson, on the out skirts of St. Louis on May 10, 1861 on suspicion of disloyal activities. Steen avoided arrest at Camp Jackson and reportedly submitted his resignation from the U.S. Army the same day. Steen was subsequently appointed as a brigadier general in the secessionist Missouri State Guard (MSG) under its commander, Major General Sterling Price, serving as drillmaster at the State Guard encampment at Cowskin Prairie near the Arkansas border. He also commanded the Fifth Division of the Missouri State Guard (mostly raw recruits) early in the war. In January 1862, he received an appointment as a captain in the Regular Confederate Army's Corps of Infantry, to date to March 16, 1861.
Death and burial.
He served in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States as a colonel, commanding the 10th Missouri Infantry, CSA in the Battle of Prairie Grove in December 1862. He was killed during the fighting on December 7, 1862 and his body recovered and shipped to Fort Smith.
He is buried in the Fort Smith National Cemetery. A memorial to Unknown Confederate Dead, made of marble, commemorates Steen, as well as Brigadier General James M. McIntosh, an Arkansan who was killed at the Battle of Pea Ridge.
Relations.
Steen was a brother-in-law of fellow Confederate general Lewis Henry Little. He was also a first cousin of Arkansas Governor Henry M. Rector.

</doc>
<doc id="18493108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493108" title="Lord of the Flies (The X-Files)">
Lord of the Flies (The X-Files)

"Lord of the Flies" is the fifth episode of the ninth season of the science fiction television series "The X-Files", and the show's 187th episode overall. It first premiered on the Fox network in the United States on December 16, 2001, and was subsequently aired in the United Kingdom on BBC Two. The episode was written by Thomas Schnauz, and was directed by Kim Manners. The episode is a "monster-of-the-week" episode, a stand-alone plot which is unconnected to the mythology, or overarching fictional history, of "The X-Files". "Lord of the Flies" earned a Nielsen household rating of 6.2, and was watched by 9.9 million viewers. The episode received mixed reviews from television critics, with many critical of the episode's reliance on humor.
The show centers on FBI special agents who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files; this season focuses on the investigations of John Doggett (Robert Patrick), Monica Reyes (Annabeth Gish), and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson). In this episode, an amateur stunt performer is killed while performing a daring act for a local cable reality show, Scully, Doggett and Reyes discover that the culprit was apparently a swarm of killer flies hidden in the victim's brain.
"Lord of the Flies" marked a return of comedic episodes to the series. Due to this, Patrick had issues with his acting because, initially, he felt the entry was too foolish. The aggressiveness of flies in the episode was inspired by the actual habits of Australian blow flies. The episode's title, "Lord of the Flies", is an English translation for the name of the semitic demon Beelzebub. In addition, the episode makes several references to musician Syd Barrett, the original singer and guitarist for Pink Floyd.
Plot.
A group of teenagers film one of their friends, nicknamed "Cap'n Dare", doing a stunt for a cable TV show called "Dumbass". After the stunt, Dare falls out of a shopping cart and is found dead after part of his skull collapses. The local coroner calls in John Doggett (Robert Patrick) and Monica Reyes (Annabeth Gish) to investigate the death. During the autopsy, flies erupt from Dare's eye sockets. Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) examines the body and finds that the insects had fed on Dare's brain to such a degree that it simply collapsed.
At a local high school, Winky and his brother film a memorial service for Dare, much to the annoyance of his girlfriend Natalie. The teens harass Dylan Lokensgard, the son of the principal and a social outcast. Doggett and Reyes arrive at the school to talk to Winky. During their interview, flies mysteriously attack him and bite "Dumbass" into his flesh. While watching the "Dumbass" recordings, Doggett notices that Dylan was at each of the stunts and decides to question him. While the two agents talk to Dylan, his mother appears and tries to stop the questioning. During the proceedings, Dylan becomes covered in flies; subsequently, Reyes starts to believe that Dylan is behind the attack. The agents take a tissue soaked with Dylan's sweat back for Scully to analyze. The results show that Dylan's body fluids contain a high number of insect pheremones.
That night, Natalie sneaks into Dylan's house. When they kiss, something apparently cuts her mouth, causing her to leave in tears. Dare's friends, who believe Dylan is responsible for his death, pull up moments later and abduct him. During the drive, an insect like protrusion comes out of Dylan's mouth and sprays webbing everywhere, causing the car to flip and crash. Doggett and Reyes arrive at the scene, and are told that Dylan chewed his way out the back window. Meanwhile, Scully and a bug specialist search Dylan's home. Scully leaves to help Reyes find the teenager while the specialist stays behind; the specialist is subsequently attacked by Dylan's mother. 
Reyes tracks down Natalie, but Reyes is attacked and cocooned by Dylan. Dylan's mother approaches him, and tells him that he is not like other kids and never will be. Doggett arrives at the girl's home and finds Reyes and Natalie alive. Dylan and his mother, however, are nowhere to be found. A subsequent search of the Lokensgard home reveals other bodies, including the bug specialist, cocooned but survived, and Dylan's father, who supposedly ran off years earlier. After leaving with his mother, Dylan sends Natalie one last message in the form of fireflies: "I love you."
Production.
The episode was written by Thomas Schnauz, and was directed by Kim Manners. It was Schnauz's first writing credit, and Manner's second directing credit for the season. The episode marked a return of "the comedy episode" for the series. According to Matt Hurwitz and Chris Knowles in their book "The Complete X-Files", the episode "revisit[the themes of genetic grafting experiments from 'Travelers' in a humorous context." Series co-star Robert Patrick had a difficult time with the episode; he later explained, "I couldn't deal with some of the material. As an actor, I found some of it to be a little silly." Accordingly, Manners helped Patrick traverse the script, an action that helped him achieve the desired delivery for his lines.
A few of the flies on the dead body of "Cap'n Dare" were real, but the rest were created via CGI, according to special effects supervisors John Wash. The eye of the body was opened by a cable. Hank Harris, the boy who played Dylan, wore a suit made of rubber for the swarming scene. 30,000 live flies were then "dumped" onto him during filming. The opening for the episode was filmed at Cheviot Hills Park in Los Angeles. The site had previously been used for various shots in the sixth season episode "The Unnatural" and the eighth season episode "Three Words". Garfield High School in Sherman Oaks, California, stood in for Grant High School. During filming breaks, Robert Patrick spent his time listening to his brother Richard Patrick's industrial rock band, Filter.
The aggressiveness of flies in the episode was inspired by the actual habits of Australian blow flies. The episode's title, "Lord of the Flies", is an English translation for the name of the semitic demon Beelzebub. The name was also used as the title for 1954 novel of the same name by British author William Golding. The episode makes several references to Syd Barrett. Barrett was the original singer, songwriter, and lead guitarist for British band Pink Floyd. Two of his songs, "No Good Trying" and "Terrapin", are featured in the episode.
Broadcast and reception.
"Lord of the Flies" first premiered on the Fox network in the United States on December 16, 2001. "Lord of the Flies" earned a Nielsen household rating of 6.2, meaning that it was seen by 6.2% of the nation's estimated households and was viewed by 6.54 million households, and 9.9 million viewers. "Lord of the Flies" was the 51st most watched episode of television that aired during the week ending December 16. The episode eventually aired on BBC Two in the United Kingdom on December 1, 2002.
The episode received mixed reviews from television critics. Jessica Morgan of Television Without Pity gave the episode a "C" grade rating. She derided the show's need to place "The X-Files" logo in the teaser, but ultimately concluded that the episode was a "decent to recap". John Keegan from Critical Myth wrote that the episode "ranks right in the mediocre range" and awarded it a 5 out of 10. He noted, "Overall, this episode did very little for me. I’m sure that the writing staff could have come up with something better than a bad sixth season plot when the idea of a humorous ninth season episode came to the table. Is there any hope that there might be a truly memorable episode where Doggett is allowed to be amused?" Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", rated the episode one-and-a-half stars out of five. The two argued that the entry was trying to "be a 'Rain King' or a 'Terms of Endearment' and would like to recapture the sweet and charming feel of those early Season Six experiments." However, they noted that because the show was in a different stage—Mulder and Scully were no longer the focus of the show's attention—that "the same style falls flat on its face". Furthermore, Shearman and Pearson complained that ""The X-Files" is draining the trough of teenage angst again".

</doc>
<doc id="18493111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493111" title="Michael O'Mara">
Michael O'Mara

Michael "Mike" O'Mara (born August 28, 1985) is best known as the original guitarist and backup vocalist of the American indie rock band Sleepaway.
Music.
O'Mara is a founding member of Sleepaway but retired to focus on his education shortly after the release of the band's eponymous debut album in 2006. Before joining Sleepaway, he was a member of the now-defunct band Southline. His influences include New Found Glory, blink-182, and Saves the Day. He learned to play guitar by "going online and downloading guitar tabs."
Personal life.
O'Mara was born in and resides in the suburbs of Buffalo, New York. Actor William Fichtner is his uncle. He graduated from Maryvale High School in 2003 and received his bachelor's degree from Canisius College in 2008.
O'Mara is currently pursuing a career in music promotion. His hobbies include playing video games, UFOs, ghosts, and watching "That '70s Show", "The Office", and "Scrubs". O'Mara has a shamrock tattoo. He has stated that, off the record, he is currently in a committed relationship.

</doc>
<doc id="18493127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493127" title="Mahul Creek">
Mahul Creek

Mahul Creek is a tidal creek in north west Mumbai. It opens into the Thane Creek. The creek is located near the neighbourhoods of Chembur and Mahul. It is surrounded by mangrove forests. When measured from the high tide line of one bank to another, the creek is over wide. The creek also serves as a discharge for excess rainwater in eastern suburban Mumbai. 

</doc>
<doc id="18493135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493135" title="Patti J. Malone">
Patti J. Malone

Patti J. Malone was born in 1858, at Cedars Plantation in Athens, Alabama. She was best known as a mezzo-soprano vocalist.
Malone was born into slavery in antebellum Alabama. Her hometown was the scene of numerous clashes between Union and Confederate troops during the Civil War, as well as alleged atrocities committed against the civilian population by the former. Later in life, Malone recounted scars her mother received from their owners, as well as her anxiety when her mother helped secrete their owner from patrolling Union troops. After the war, Malone enrolled in the Trinity School, a school for the children of former slaves founded by the American Missionary Association in Athens. Malone’s enrollment at Trinity was not without cost or risk, because local residents refused to hire African-Americans who sent their children to the school. As a child, Malone was forced to work for her former owner’s family as a condition of her mother’s employment. Despite this, and considerable harassment and intimidation from white children in the community, she was able to pursue her education at Trinity. She is reported to have been so determined to secure an education, that she would attend school while so ill that she had to lie down for lessons while there.
After finishing her studies at Trinity, Malone moved to Nashville, Tennessee, where she enrolled at Fisk University, which had also been established by the American Missionary Association. There, she experienced a change that would shape the remainder of her life. At the time, Fisk was a new, struggling institution, without even its own permanent campus and buildings. As a response to this, the university had chosen nine of its students to form a musical touring group to raise funds for the fledgling school. The initial effort was an unexpected success, raising over $100,000.00. After the conclusion of this first fundraising tour, the university disbanded the troupe, but it reorganized itself as an independent group, and embarked on a second world tour. Malone had originally been recruited for Fisk by the original chaperone of the Jubilee Singers, Miss Wells, the principal at Trinity. Malone was selected to fill a vacancy in the group caused by the illness of one of the original members, and left Nashville to join the group in Germany in 1877. During Malone’s tenure in the group, she performed throughout Europe, Australia and New Zealand, including a command performance before German Emperor Wilhelm I.
Malone’s death from an unspecified malady, on January 20, 1897 in Omaha, Nebraska, brought accolades and notes from around the world. "The Cleveland Gazette" is reported to have recorded that “It is safe to say that no woman of her race ever sang in so many different countries of the world as Miss Patti J. Malone.” Her death was even noted in the press in New Zealand, where the Jubilee Singers had toured ten years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="18493143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493143" title="1993–94 Portsmouth F.C. season">
1993–94 Portsmouth F.C. season


</doc>
<doc id="18493149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493149" title="Francoise d'Orléans-Longueville">
Francoise d'Orléans-Longueville

Françoise d'Orléans (5 April 1549 – 11 June 1601) was the second wife of Louis de Bourbon, Prince of Condé, a "Prince du Sang" and leader of the Huguenots during the French Wars of Religion.
Family.
Her paternal grandparents were Louis d'Orléans, Duke of Longueville, Sovereign Count of Neuchâtel, Prince of Chatel-Aillon, and Princess Johanna of Baden-Hochberg, Sovereign Countess of Neuchâtel and Margravine of Rothelin, and her maternal grandparents were Charles de Rohan, Viscount of Fronsac and Jeanne de Saint-Séverin. 
Françoise had an older brother, Leonor, Duke of Longueville, Duke of Estouteville, and Prince du Sang (1540–1573), who married, in 1563, Marie d'Estouteville (1539–1601), by whom he had issue, including Henri I, himself later Duke of Longueville. Françoise's cousin, François de Longueville was the uterine half-brother of Mary, Queen of Scots. Her maternal aunt, Claude de Thoury de Rohan, was a mistress of King Francis I of France.
Infancy.
Françoise was born on 5 April 1549 in Châteaudun, France. She was the only daughter of François d'Orléans, Marquis of Rothelin, Prince of Chalet-Aillon, Viscount of Melun, and Jacqueline de Rohan, herself the Marquise of Rothelin in her own right. Her father had died on 25 October 1548, less than six months before her birth. From birth she was known as "Mademoiselle de Longueville". 
Marriage and issue.
On 8 November 1565, in the Château de Vendôme, Françoise married Prince of Condé, the youngest brother of King Antoine of Navarre and a Huguenot general. This made Francoise the sister-in-law of the powerful Jeanne d'Albret, who was queen regnant of Navarre and the spiritual leader of the Huguenots. Condé's first wife, Eléanor de Roucy de Roye, had died in 1564. Together he and Françoise had three sons. Through her marriage, she ranked as a "princess of the Blood".
The year before their marriage Conde's mistress, Isabelle de Limeuil, a member of Queen Mother Catherine de' Medici's notorious "escadron volant" ("flying squadron"), had given birth to a child which she claimed was fathered by Condé. Condé staunchly denied the accusation.
Widowhood.
On 13 March 1569, in the Third War of Religion, her husband was slain at the Battle of Jarnac when the Huguenot army was defeated by the Catholic forces led by Marshal Gaspard de Saulx, sieur de Tavannes, and the Duke of Anjou, who would later rule as King Henry III. Queen Elizabeth I of England, herself being Protestant, promised to lend money to the Huguenot faction, however, Françoise was required to pledge her jewels as security. 
Françoise was left a widow shortly before her 20th birthday, and she chose not to remarry. After the night of the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre on 23 August 1572, she and her sons quickly converted to Roman Catholicism to avoid persecution and possible assassination. 
Françoise died in Paris on 11 June 1601 at the age of 52, and was buried at Gaillon. 
The Princes of Carignan, themselves later Kings of Italy descended from Françoise through her son Charles.

</doc>
<doc id="18493155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493155" title="Joseph V. Gartlan, Jr.">
Joseph V. Gartlan, Jr.

Joseph Vincent Gartlan, Jr. (September 21, 1925 – July 18, 2008) was a long-serving Democratic member of the Senate of Virginia.
Early life and career.
Gartlan was born in Glen Head, New York on September 21, 1925. He served in the U.S. Navy during World War II from 1943 to 1946. 
After the war he attended Georgetown University, graduating with a bachelors degree in 1949. He received his law degree from the Georgetown University Law Center in 1952. Gartlan practiced law as a partner in the Washington, DC firm of Melrod, Redman and Gartlan until 1971.
Political career.
In 1971, the Virginia General Assembly drew new districts reflecting the changes in population captured in the 1970 federal census and the recent Supreme Court decision in the case of "Davis v. Mann" that mandated equipopulous senate districts. Gartlan was the Democratic nominee in the 36th district which covered eastern portions of Fairfax County. He was elected to the Senate for the first time in November 1971. Gartlan served in the Senate for 28 years, serving as Chair of three committees: Rehabilitation and Social Services, Privileges and Elections and Courts of Justice.
Gartlan's legislative accomplishments included environmental laws and laws affecting the delivery of mental health services by the state, including co-sponsoring legislation that repealed laws allowing forced sterilization of mentally ill patients without their consent. 
He was a member of Mount Vernon's Good Shepherd Catholic Church, Mount Vernon-Lee Chamber of Commerce, Virginia Citizens Consumer Council, Inc., Knights of Columbus, Chesapeake Bay Commission, Social Action Linking Together (SALT), American College of Trial Lawyers, and a lecturer in law at the University of Virginia Law School.
Death and memorials.
In 2001, the Franconia-Springfield Parkway (SR 289) was given the additional name of Joseph V. Gartlan, Jr., Parkway. The name is ceremonial, and is rarely used by the public. Gartlan is first Virginia politician to have a major highway named after him while he was still alive.
Gartlan died at Inova Mount Vernon Hospital on July 18, 2008 after a brief illness.

</doc>
<doc id="18493156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493156" title="25th meridian east">
25th meridian east

The meridian 25° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Africa, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 25th meridian east forms a great circle with the 155th meridian west.
Most of the border between Libya and Egypt is defined by the meridian, as is much of the border between Libya and Sudan.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 25th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18493163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493163" title="The Islands of the Blessed">
The Islands of the Blessed

The Islands of the Blessed is a fantasy novel for children, written by Nancy Farmer and published by Atheneum in 2009. It is the third, and so far the last, in the Sea of Trolls series, which is named for its first book (2004).
Content.
Jack, the young Saxon bard, and Thorgil, the Viking shield maiden, deal with the draugr, an undead sea creature, who leaves a path of destruction around her in her quest for revenge on Father Severus. Their journey takes them to the mysterious realm of Notland and, ultimately, to the Islands of the Blessed.
Sequel.
In her blog Nancy Farmer mentions a possible sequel but says she is writing a sequel to "The House of the Scorpion" first.

</doc>
<doc id="18493180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493180" title="Zoe Davis">
Zoe Davis

Zoe Davis is a fictional character from the Australia soap opera "Neighbours", portrayed by Ally Fowler. She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 20 January 1986.
Creation and casting.
After "Neighbours" was picked up by Network Ten, producers decided to improve the show by adding several new and older cast members. Shortly after, Ally Fowler won the role of Zoe. The actress was approached by the Grundy Organisation, following her appearance as Angela Hamilton in "Sons and Daughters". Fowler was concerned that soap opera can typecast an actor and revealed that she did not want to get tied to "Neighbours" for as long as she was with "Sons and Daughters".
In May 1986, Fowler announced that she would be leaving "Neighbours". She chose not to extend her contract with the show after June. Fowler's character remained on-screen until September. Patrice Fidgeon from "TV Week" reported that Zoe would then be rested in case Fowler wanted to return to the show in the future.
Development.
Zoe was described by James Oram, author of "Neighbours: Behind the scenes", as being "fickle and unpredictable to an incredible degree", she has a sharp wit and is also blunt, but not heartless. Josephine Monroe, who wrote "The Neighbours Programme Guide", noted that Zoe was both "charming and infuriating". She had a "devil-may-care" attitude towards finances, trouble and inconvenience. Zoe also had many careers, including; singer, dancer, saleswoman and waitress. Monroe commented that Zoe took her jobs seriously, but could not choose between them. Zoe was an old school friend of Daphne Lawrence (Elaine Smith) and she came to Erinsborough for her wedding to Des Clarke (Paul Keane). A writer for the BBC called Zoe and Daphne's relationship as "stormy". When Des and Daphne went on their honeymoon, Zoe house sat for them and set about "sinking her claws into Ramsay Street." 
According to Oram, "romance is the only game she rally likes to play and this she pursues most of all, but not always wisely." Zoe longed to be "truly in love", but it often eluded her. Zoe developed a relationship with Jim Robinson (Alan Dale), which shocked the other Ramsay Street residents as Zoe was much younger than Jim. The couple also had very different personalities. Dale believed that there was nothing wrong with an older man being involved with a younger woman. Zoe and Jim's relationship did not sit well with Jim's family and his youngest child, Lucy (Kylie Flinker), was especially unhappy about it. Jim's son, Paul (Stefan Dennis), made things difficult for Zoe, but she was unaware that he actually liked her. Jim proposed to Zoe and she later discovered she was pregnant. Jim was "reluctant" to become a father again and he and Zoe grew distant, as she wanted the baby. However, Zoe collapsed at home one day after suffering an ectopic pregnancy and she was left "heartbroken" when she miscarried the baby. She and Jim then split up. Paul almost confessed his feelings to Zoe, but they were interrupted by the arrival of Zoe's ex-boyfriend, Tony Chapman (Peter Bensley). Tony offered Zoe a job and proposed to her. They then left Erinsborough together.
Storylines.
Zoe suddenly arrives in Erinsborough to see Daphne Lawrence, who she had not spoken to in years. She chats up Shane Ramsay (Peter O'Brien), Mike Young (Guy Pearce) and later Jim Robinson. When Zoe learns that Daphne is getting married to Des Clarke, she convinces them to let her move in until after the wedding. Zoe's behaviour annoys Max Ramsay (Francis Bell), Paul and Clive Gibbons (Geoff Paine). Daphne reluctantly gives her a trial at the Coffee Shop, but she loses the job after buying too much champagne for an office party. Zoe later temps at the Daniels Corporation until Sue Wright is promised the job, but Sue is not good enough and Zoe gets the job on a permanent basis. Des's ex-girlfriend, Andrea Townsend (Gina Gaigalas), and her son, Bradley (Bradley Kilpatrick), arrive and Zoe begins to feel jealous. She is also concerned about being frozen out of a relationship with Des.
Zoe begins dating Jim and Paul fears Zoe is out for his father's money. Lucy Robinson also dislikes Zoe and she is constantly rude to her. She pours a jug of water over Zoe and begins making nuisance calls. On one occasion, Zoe fetches a whistle and blows it down the phone. This leaves Lucy with a burst eardrum and she gives up. Her behaviour towards Zoe then begins to mellow. Des gives Zoe some counselling over her scratchcard addiction and warns her about going over the limit on her credit card. Zoe's addiction also concerns Paul. Zoe models for an advertising poster for the Coffee Shop to earn some extra money.
After a short stay at a guest-house in the mountains, Zoe returns to Ramsay Street and is much more mature. She pretends to be seriously ill, but Clive is not fooled, until Zoe suddenly feels a sharp pain in her stomach and collapses. She suffers an ectopic pregnancy and miscarries Jim's child. Zoe runs into her ex-boyfriend, Tony Chapman, and they rekindle their relationship. Tony asks Zoe to come and work for him, but she tells him that she cannot leave the Daniels Corporation. Paul falls for Zoe, but after a jealous outburst from him, Zoe leaves to work for Tony. Tony proposes to Zoe and she admits that she may not be able to have children. However, Tony wants to be with Zoe regardless of her situation and they get engaged. Zoe leaves Ramsay Street to move in with Tony. Zoe comes back to see Daphne when she is admitted to the hospital with meningitis. Zoe helps Susan Cole (Gloria Ajenstat) with her son, Sam (Thomas Hamston), while Susan goes for a job interview. Des learns that Zoe has taken out a second credit card and has gone over the limit, so he writes her a financial plan and forces her to cut up her cards. Zoe announces that Tony needs her to return to work for him and she leaves.
Reception.
A writer for the BBC's "Neighbours" website said Zoe's most notable moment was "Causing Lucy to become temporarily deaf." Monroe stated "Zoe was one of the wildest and most unconventional women Erinsborough ever knew." Fergus Shiel from "The Sydney Morning Herald" called Zoe a "saucy secretary."

</doc>
<doc id="18493188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493188" title="Philadelphia Folksong Society">
Philadelphia Folksong Society

Philadelphia Folksong Society is a not for profit educational organization dedicated to preserving the past, promoting the present and securing the future of folk music and related forms of expression through education, presentation and participation.
The Philadelphia Folksong Society, founded in 1957. has sponsored programs of entertainment and education throughout the local area and North America. These programs present a lyrical history of society and provide enjoyment to thousands of people of all ages. From the traditional ballads of the 15th century to the contemporary sounds of today's singer/songwriters, the Philadelphia Folksong Society has promoted and greatly contributed to the preservation of a vast variety of musical styles and historical perspective.
Established by a small group of folk fans and musicians, including singer and guitarist George Britton, the Society has grown into one of the largest, most successful organizations of its kind, developing and marketing quality programs. Revenues from the annual Philadelphia Folk Festival have enabled the Society to give away more than a million dollars to present, sponsor and promote a wide variety of activities, educational programs and entertainment in the community. The Philadelphia Folksong Society also lends its expertise, and gives support, to other non-profit organizations. As a team of volunteers, we have built one of the premiere events and organizations for all types of folk music and culture.
While the Society is best known for its largest event, the Philadelphia Folk Festival, some of the lesser known programs are the most significant to the people served, bringing music to schools, senior centers, hospitals, concert halls, libraries and other locations. Servicing thousands each year, these programs introduce children and adults to a variety of instruments and styles, and encourage exploration of ethnic diversity and historical trends in musical expression.
Unique among cultural organizations, The Philadelphia Folksong Society supports its efforts with the devotion, ingenuity and sweat of its volunteers. The volunteers are the backbone of the organization.
Philadelphia Folk Festival.
The Philadelphia Folk Festival- The largest and oldest "continuously running" festival of its kind in the country. For more than four decades, some 8,000 to 15,000 people gather annually at the Old Pool Farm for three days and four nights of music, children's programs, crafts, workshops, and campground jams. Many Festival ticket-holders and volunteers have been attending the event since its inception; others for 10, 20 or 30 years.
More than 2,000 volunteers set up and produce the festival. This dedicated group works throughout the year to provide attendees with a great show, numerous activities, and a safe and comfortable environment.
In recent years, the Philadelphia Folk Festival has become a coming-together for veteran, contemporary, and fringe folk artists. [http://www.philly.com/philly/entertainment/music/20080415_Folk_festival_sees_younger_acts_as_tonic.html][http://criticalmass.blogs.citypaper.net/blogs/mu/2008/04/17/folk-fest-press-conference/]
Dozens of nationally-renowned traditional and contemporary have played the Philadelphia Folk Festival, and archival recordings exist, documenting every year of the festival as well as other important Folksong Society events.
Programs.
Other programs of the Philadelphia Folksong Society include a series of retreats that take place in the seasons surrounding the summer festival. Respectively, these are Spring Thing, Fall Fling, and Cabin Fever. And while each is different in scope and context, the programs are generally geared toward arts engagement, sings, workshops, and community.
The Odyssey of American Music program sends dozens of musicians into Philadelphia schools where arts programs have been limited or cut. The program has been in operation for decades and serves over 6,000 students per school year.
Benefit Fundraisers are held intermittently to benefit the non-profit and to honor important figures in the advancement of folk music and arts. Most notably, the Society honored the work and life of Nora Guthrie, daughter of the late Woody Guthrie, in a concert held at World Cafe Live.[http://folkmusic.about.com/b/2007/11/07/philadelphia-folk-song-society-will-honor-woody-guthrie.htm] In addition, recent fundraisers include the last Philadelphia performance by Doc Watson in 2011 as well as an event with Trombone Shorty in 2012, both at Keswick Theatre in Glenside, PA.
Notable Figures.
Over the years, the Society has had as its foundation or under its wing, many notable figures or celebrities. Gene Shay, co-founder and master of ceremonies for the event, is also a popular radio DJ on WXPN and forerunner of Philadelphia folk, even bringing Bob Dylan to the city in 1963.
Levi Landis is the Executive Director of the Philadelphia Folksong Society. Landis had a prominent independent music career before beginning his non-profit work with Emmaus, Inc. in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania and the Philadelphia Folksong Society.
Many celebrities have graced Society-hosted stages over the 51 year span of the organization. Among them are Pete Seeger, Jim Croce, Jackson Browne, Judy Collins, Doc Watson, Steve Goodman, Janis Ian, and Mike Seeger. Other more recent acts include Ani DiFranco, Alison Krauss, Kimya Dawson, Steve Earle, Jonathan Edwards. This is by no means a comprehensive list of artists or notable figures.
External links.
Society Website [http://www.pfs.org/PFS.php]
Festival Website [http://www.pfs.org/PFF.php]
Official PFS Myspace [http://www.myspace.com/folksongsociety]
Official Festival Myspace [http://www.myspace.com/phillyfolkfestival]
See also.
Philadelphia Folk Festival
Newport Folk Festival
WXPN

</doc>
<doc id="18493190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493190" title="Inter-High School Athletic Association">
Inter-High School Athletic Association

The Inter-High School Athletic Association was a high school athletic conference active from approximately 1896 to 1958. 
It was formed around 1896, when the first track and field meet of the Washington, D.C. schools was inaugurated. A football championship of the schools had been conducted since 1893, but it usually consisted of contests between just two schools. There was no football league until at least the 1898 season. A baseball league was begun in 1897, and basketball was added to the program in 1916. Tennis and swimming were added to the program after World War I, but without any league championship meet. A tennis meet was added in 1925, and a golf meet in 1927.
Original members were Central, Western, Eastern, and Business. Technical was added in 1902. Anacostia and Wilson joined the league in the 1930s. The schools in D.C. were segregated during the history of this league, and therefore the African-American schools in the district, namely Armstrong, Dunbar, and Cardozo, were not a part of the Inter-High School conference. A new conference was formed in 1958 -- the D.C. Interscholastic Athletic Association -- which brought into one league all the District public high schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18493194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493194" title="Campus of Northwestern University">
Campus of Northwestern University

The campus of Northwestern University encompasses two campuses in Evanston, Illinois and Chicago, Illinois, United States. The original Evanston campus has witnessed approximately 150 buildings rise on its since the first building opened in 1855. The downtown Chicago campus of approximately is home to the schools of medicine and law was purchased and constructed in the 1920s and 1930s.
Evanston campus.
History.
In the 1960s, the University added to the campus by building a seawall and filling in the interior with sand. Only a portion of the landfill has been used for new buildings, and a portion on the east side of a lagoon is still undeveloped.
Notable buildings.
Deering Library.
The Charles Deering Library is a library located on the main Evanston campus of Northwestern University. The Deering Library presently houses the Government Publications Department and the Northwestern University Archives on the first floor, the Music Library on the second floor, and the Map Collection, the Art Reference Collection and the Special Collections Department on the third floor. The Deering Library served as Northwestern's main library until the completion of the University Library in 1970.
University Library.
The Northwestern University Library is the principal library for the Evanston campus of Northwestern University. The library holds 4.6 million volumes, making it the 11th largest library at a private university. Until the building's completion in 1970, the Deering Library, now connected to the University Library, served as the primary library for the Evanston campus.
Dearborn Observatory.
The Dearborn Observatory is an observatory, located on the Evanston campus of Northwestern University. The observatory was originally constructed in 1888. In the summer of 1939, Dearborn Observatory had to be moved to make way for the construction of the Technological Institute.
University Hall.
University Hall is the oldest original building on the Northwestern University campus. University Hall was actually the second building constructed on the Northwestern University campus. The building known as "Old College" was constructed as a temporary building in 1855, though it stood on campus until the 1970s. University Hall was designed in Victorian Gothic style by G. P. Randall, and is composed of Joliet limestone - the same kind used to build the Chicago Water Tower. The construction materials were transported to the Evanston campus by lake boat and rail.
The cornerstone of the building was laid in 1868, and the structure was completed in 1869, at a total cost of $125,000. University Hall officially opened on September 8, 1869 and coincided with the inauguration of University President Erastus Otis Haven. Speakers at the opening ceremony included Illinois Governor John M. Palmer, and the new University President Haven, who called the structure, "the new and elegant University Building". The clock in the tower of University Hall was the gift of the Class of 1879; its movement was built by clockmaker Seth Thomas. In 1966, a new electrified clock replaced the old works, which are now located in the Smithsonian National Museum of American History. 
University Hall took over most university functions from Old College and contained classrooms housing all University classes, the library, a chemical lab, a chapel, two society rooms and a fourth-floor natural history museum. University Hall contained Northwestern's primary library until the construction of Lunt Library in the 1890s. Though it was succeeded by Fayerweather Hall as the university's main building in 1887, University Hall served a variety of functions. Over the years University Hall has been the home of the central administration, the engineering school, a cafeteria, and faculty offices. University Hall underwent a $5.2 million renovation and was rededicated in 1993. The building is currently home to Northwestern's English department.
Technological Institute.
The Technological Institute, more commonly known as "Tech", is a landmark building at Northwestern University. Robert R. McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science following a major gift from the Robert R. McCormick Foundation. It is the main building for students and faculty in the Robert R. McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science. The construction of the building started in 1939 when Walter P. Murphy, a wealthy inventor of railroad equipment, donated $6.737 million. Murphy meant for the Institute to offer a new kind of “cooperative” educational model for the field, where academic courses and practical application in industrial settings were closely integrated. When the construction of Tech was completed in 1942, Northwestern received an additional bequest of $28 million from Walter P. Murphy's estate to provide for an engineering school "second to none."
To make room for the new building, the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house and the Dearborn Observatory were moved, and the original Patten Gymnasium was demolished. Ground was broken for the new building on April 1, 1940 and the building was dedicated on June 15–16, 1942. The building was designed by the architectural firm of Holabird & Root in the shape of two letter E's, placed back to back and joined by a central structure. When it was built it was the largest building on Northwestern's Evanston campus.
In 1961, construction began on two new wings, which were added to the eastern ends of the building, along with additions to the library and physics wing. The expansion, dedicated in October 1963, was prompted by a $3.4 million contract awarded by the Advanced Research Agency of the Department of Defense. In 1973, a new entrance terrace was dedicated, and in 1999, a ten-year, $125 million renovation of the Technological institute was completed. This renovation, undertaken by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, included extensive reconstruction of the interior of the original 1940 structure, replacing the mechanical, plumbing, and electrical systems, and reconfiguring the laboratory and research space.
Additional buildings have been constructed around the original Technological Institute, connected together by pedestrian bridges to create what has been called the "Technological Campus". Among them are the Seeley G. Mudd Library for Science and Engineering opened in 1977, the Center for Catalysis and Surface Science in 1986, and Cook Hall in 1989. More recent additions to the "Technological Campus" include Hogan Hall, the Pancoe Life Sciences Pavilion, the Center for Nanofabrication, and the Ford Motor Company Engineering Design Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18493198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493198" title="Red Planet Media">
Red Planet Media

"Red Planet Media, Inc." is an American mobile entertainment services company. The company was a spun out of ClearSky Mobile Media, Inc. in 2007 to concentrate on the development of new mobile media platforms for the U.S. and Latin American markets. Since that time, the company has launched a multi-lingual mobile social networking platform called JumpInMobile.com and a mobile video-on-demand service called JumpInMobile.TV. Red Planet Media is headquartered in Orlando Florida.
JumpInMobile.com.
JumpInMobile.com, also referred to as "JumpIn", is a mobile social networking application that enables people to use their cell phones to chat, share photos, create personal profiles and view the profiles of others. Each JumpIn member can upload photos and videos to his or her profile. JumpIn also incorporates a contest area, referred to as JumpIn2Win, which enable members to participate in photo judging contests by both submitting photos and voting on photos submitted by others. JumpIn is available in Spanish as well. The Spanish language version is accessed at www.jumpinmovil.com. 
JumpInMobile.TV.
In July 2008, Red Planet Media announced the launch of a mobile video-on-demand service for AT&T and Sprint mobile phone subscribers with three content channels, Funimation, Cine Mexicano, and Noti Mobile The JumpInMobile.TV service enables long form video content to play on video-enabled mobile phones. Funimation made full use of this capability by offering entire television seasons of each of the titles, up to 26 half hour episodes each. Three titles were part of the launch, "Gunslinger Girl", "MoonPhase", and "Galaxy Railways". Two of the channels, Cine Mexicano and Noti Mobile, are Spanish language. Cine Mexicano's initial offering included three full length, feature films divided into on-demand chapters. Noti Mobile, a news channel created by Globemedia, consists of three daily news feeds covering regional Latin American news, entertainment news and sporting news delivered by anchors in Colombia and Miami. An estimated 30 million phones were supported at the time of the launch. Each channel requires a monthly subscription ranging from $3.99 to $4.99, which appears on the subscriber's monthly phone bill.

</doc>
<doc id="18493205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493205" title="Samuel T. Payne">
Samuel T. Payne

Samuel T. Payne is a freelance writer whose published works include Lacunal Visions for Tales of the Shadowmen, "The Prized Calf" and "Second Hand." A number of articles for Science Fiction and Fantasy Modeller were published in the early 2000s covering visual effects work for Doctor Who and The Arc of Infinity. A novella, Doctor Omega and the Seeds of Cassiopeia, is expected 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18493237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493237" title="The Fathomless Mastery">
The Fathomless Mastery

The Fathomless Mastery is the third full length album by Swedish death metal band Bloodbath. It is the first full length Bloodbath release to feature new guitarist Per "Sodomizer" Eriksson. Former Scar Symmetry vocalist Christian Älvestam performed guest vocals on the sixth track, "Iesous". The outro of the final track, "Wretched Human Mirror", features samples from the movie "I Am Legend". A video was made for "Hades Rising". The album appeared at No. 45 on the Heatseekers Chart. The album was reissued in 2011, containing the tracks from the "Unblessing the Purity" EP released in 2008. "The Fathomless Mastery" is the last studio album with Åkerfeldt in the band.

</doc>
<doc id="18493249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493249" title="Portland–Milwaukie Light Rail Bridge">
Portland–Milwaukie Light Rail Bridge

The Portland–Milwaukie Light Rail Bridge is the working name for a bridge under construction across the Willamette River in Portland, Oregon, United States. Although it is being built as part of the MAX Orange Line light rail project, the bridge will carry MAX Light Rail, the Portland Streetcar, buses, bicycles, pedestrians, and emergency vehicles. Private cars and trucks will not be permitted on the bridge. The crossing is scheduled to open in the fall of 2015 and will be the first new bridge built across the Willamette River since 1973. In January 2014, four names were chosen as finalists for the bridge name: Abigail Scott Duniway Transit Bridge; Cascadia Crossing Transit Bridge; Tillicum Crossing Transit Bridge, Bridge of the People; and Wy'east Transit Bridge. The name will be selected by TriMet in spring 2014.
Route and function.
The bridge's alignment (or position) is south of, and approximately parallel to, the Marquam Bridge. The west "landing" is mid-way between the Marquam and Ross Island Bridges, and the east landing is just north of Southeast Caruthers Street, with the east approach viaduct reaching the surface at the west end of Sherman Street, which the tracks will follow to a new Oregon Museum of Science and Industry (OMSI) MAX station located near an existing Portland Streetcar station and the Oregon Rail Heritage Center.
The alignment was finalized in 2008, after consideration of several alternative alignments. However, some studies and public discussion had taken place more than a decade earlier, when a MAX light rail line to Milwaukie was part of the so-called "South/North MAX" project (Vancouver–Downtown Portland–Milwaukie–Clackamas Town Center) for which voters in the Metro district approved funding in November 1994. Alternatives had included routing the proposed MAX line across the existing Hawthorne Bridge and, instead, building a new bridge on any of various alternative alignments, one of which was known as the "Caruthers Street bridge" alignment or simply "Caruthers Bridge" because its east end would roughly align with S.E. Caruthers Street. The "South/North" MAX project was ultimately mothballed after Clark County voters rejected funding their share of the project in 1995 and subsequent efforts by TriMet and Portland officials to secure funding for a scaled-back Vancouver–Portland–Milwaukie MAX line were unsuccessful. However, the planning undertaken during that period included finalizing, by 1998, the choice of a 'Caruthers' alignment for the planned new bridge. After planning for a light rail line to Milwaukie resumed, in the early 2000s, the bridge-alignment question was revisited, with a Hawthorne Bridge routing again among the options (because of its much lower cost) but with a new bridge having the widest support. In 2008, the earlier bridge routing choice was reaffirmed, but with the planned west end positioned farther south than previously, so as to better serve the then-new South Waterfront district, where major redevelopment had occurred in the several years since the "South/North" project's planning was undertaken.
The bridge will carry the MAX Orange Line and other mass transit vehicles across the Willamette River south of the Marquam Bridge. It will connect a planned MAX station at OMSI on the east side of the river with a new OHSU/South Waterfront Campus MAX station on the west side. OHSU is the city's largest employer, while OMSI is one of the city's largest tourist and educational venues, and the new bridge will facilitate the connection of both to the regional MAX light rail system. The Orange Line will continue south from OMSI to Milwaukie and northern Oak Grove and north from South Waterfront into downtown Portland.
Although the planned MAX Orange Line was the impetus for construction of the bridge, the structure will also carry TriMet buses, the Portland Streetcar (planned) and emergency vehicles, and be open for public use by bicyclists and pedestrians. Use by private motor vehicles (except emergency vehicles) will not be permitted. Rerouting of TriMet bus routes onto the new bridge from more-congested crossings will shorten the travel time for about 14,000 daily bus riders. Bike and pedestrian paths will be placed on both sides of the bridge and be wide. Planned extension of the Portland Streetcar line across the bridge has not yet been funded or approved, and city officials hope to open that extension in 2015.
Design.
City planners initially focused on three designs: cable-stayed, wave-frame girder, and through arch, but the design committee eventually recommended a hybrid suspension/cable-stayed design. Despite the recommendation, TriMet chose a cable-stayed option in order to reduce cost.
Construction.
Construction of the bridge is estimated to cost $134.6 million, to be paid for by federal grants, Oregon Lottery revenue and TriMet. Construction of the bridge began in June 2011, with a slow/no wake zone put in place to ensure the safety of river users and bridge construction workers. Beginning in July 2011, an exclusion area around the in-water bridge construction site went into effect. Construction of the bridge itself is scheduled for completion in 2014, followed by several months of work to install tracks and other infrastructure across the bridge, with opening for public use in 2015.
The project received required approval from both the Portland and Milwaukie city councils and Oregon's Metro regional governmental agency in 2008. TriMet approved a $127 million contract to build the bridge in December 2010.
Naming.
The public was invited to suggest names for the bridge in the summer of 2013. In January 2014, four finalists were chosen:
Public commentary on the names will be accepted until March 1 and TriMet will choose the final name in the spring.

</doc>
<doc id="18493254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493254" title="Michael O'Mara (disambiguation)">
Michael O'Mara (disambiguation)

Michael or Mike O'Mara may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18493257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493257" title="Prime Hook National Wildlife Refuge">
Prime Hook National Wildlife Refuge

Prime Hook National Wildlife Refuge is an inviolate sanctuary expressly for migratory birds, located east of Milton, Delaware. It was established in 1963 on along the western shore of Delaware Bay. The refuge contains a variety of habitats, including freshwater and salt marshes, woodlands, grasslands, ponds, and forested areas, supporting 267 species of birds and a variety of reptiles, amphibians and mammals.
The refuge is open to the public for wildlife-oriented recreation. Facilities include walking trails, a canoe trail, a bird blind and other wildlife observation areas, and a visitors center.

</doc>
<doc id="18493270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493270" title="Innerwick Castle">
Innerwick Castle

Innerwick Castle is a ruined castle in East Lothian, Scotland, near the village of Innerwick, from Dunbar, on the Thornton Burn, and overlooking Thornton Glen. 
The castle, built in the 14th century on "the edge of a precipitous glen", was a stronghold of the Stewarts and of the Hamilton family. It was extended several times, but was captured and destroyed by Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset in 1548. Both Innerwick and Thornton castles had been of strategic importance for guarding routes from the south. 
Innerwick Castle stands within the Barony of Innerwick. The most recent Baron of Innerwick was Colonel Victor Charles Vereker Cowley of Crowhill (1918–2008). Currently, Thornton Glen is part of the Crowhill Estate and is managed by the Scottish Wildlife Trust. The glen is considered important for the presence of ferns that are rare in Scotland. The remains of the castle are on top of a crag which is popular with climbers. 

</doc>
<doc id="18493277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493277" title="1798 in France">
1798 in France

"See also:" 
1797 in France, 
1799 in France.
Events from the year 1798 in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18493291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493291" title="Ivan Manuel Amorim dos Santos">
Ivan Manuel Amorim dos Santos

Ivan Manuel Amorim dos Santos (born 22 September 1988) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for F.C. Penafiel as a midfielder.
Football career.
Born in Espinho, Santos made his Portuguese first division debuts in the 2007–08 season with Boavista Futebol Clube, and scored in his last appearance of the campaign, a 1–2 away loss against Sporting Clube de Portugal. In July 2008 he signed a three-year contract with S.L. Benfica, but was immediately loaned to Boavista, with the northern club now in the second level for irregularities.
After appearing regularly for the Porto side, again relegated, Santos was loaned once more for 2009–10, joining another side in division two, freshly-promoted A.D. Carregado. Shortly after he dropped down to the third division and joined, in the same predicament, Atlético Clube de Portugal.
In the 2010–11 season Santos played with hometown's S.C. Espinho, scoring three goals for an eventual seventh-place finish in level three. For the following campaign he returned to the second division, signing for U.D. Oliveirense and helping it reach the semifinals of the Portuguese Cup for the first time ever.

</doc>
<doc id="18493301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493301" title="NASA Research Park">
NASA Research Park

NASA Research Park is a research park run by NASA which is developing a world-class, shared-use research and development campus in association with government entities, academia, industry and non-profit organisations. It is situated in near San Jose, California. NASA Research Park was approved by NASA HQ in the fall of 2002 and over the past decade has grown into the research park it is today with over 50 tenants and partners. 
Ames Research Center.
The U.S. Congress originally established Ames Research Center (Ames) in 1939 as the Ames Aeronautical Laboratory under the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA). Ames eventually grew to occupy approximately at Moffett Field adjacent to the Naval Air Station Moffett Field in Santa Clara County, California, in the center of the region that would, in the 1990s, become known worldwide as Silicon Valley. In 1958, Congress created NASA with the "National Aeronautics and Space Act" of 1958, 42 U.S.C. § 2451 "et seq". The Ames Aeronautical Laboratory was renamed Ames Research Center and became a NASA field center.
Ames is nearing 70 years of age, which it calls “Seven Decades of Innovation,” highlighted with major accomplishments in aeronautics and space. From the 1940s through the 1990s, Ames scientists and engineers demonstrated excellence in flight research in many areas including variable stability aircraft, guidance and control displays, boundary-layer control, vertical and short takeoff and landing aircraft, and rotorcraft. Ames developed the swept wing design and the conical camber, now considered in the design of every supersonic aircraft.
Ames developed and operated critical facilities including flight simulators and wind tunnels, pushing the frontiers of computers and the arcjets facility to test materials at very high temperatures, which were critical to high-speed aircraft development and space vehicle re-entry. Ames largest contribution to the early space program for human missions was solving the problem of getting astronauts safely back to Earth, through the development of the blunt body design for re-entry vehicles.
Ames assisted the development of Apollo, developed and operated the Pioneer Missions (the first spacecraft to travel through the asteroid belts, observe Jupiter and Saturn and Venus), and developed the tiltrotor aircraft. The diversity of accomplishments led to the focus in the 1990s on Ames becoming the high-tech center of NASA. In those days in NASA parlance, Ames became the Center of Excellence for Information Technologies, taking the lead in human centered computing, a major interdisciplinary effort to develop means of optimizing the performance of mixed human and computer systems. These new technologies were critical for both aeronautics and space operations with ground-based operators, astronauts (or pilots/controllers in the air traffic management system) and robots functioning collaboratively to maximize mission science return, productivity and safety. This human centered computing focus developed the expertise for Ames to become the lead for all supercomputing in NASA, and in 2005 Ames operated the world’s fastest supercomputer, partnered with SGI and Intel.
In the 1990s, following its historic excellence in life and space sciences, Ames developed a focused new program called Astrobiology to search for the origins of life in the universe. Ames leads NASA’s Kepler Mission, a spacecraft designed to find Earth-sized planets in other galaxies that may be in or near habitable zones, distances from a star where liquid water could exist on a planet’s surface. Ames developed SOFIA, the new Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy, using a Boeing 747 aircraft that will study the universe for the next twenty years in the infrared spectrum.
Concurrent with the outstanding innovations in science and technology, Ames has become the leader in NASA for innovative partnerships with universities and industry, both onsite and in distance collaborations. The opportunity for this new partnering became available in the early 1990s, with the potential for R&D partners to move into the property obtained from the transfer of Navy Moffett Field land to NASA.
From its establishment in 1939, Ames shared the land generally known as Moffett Field with the United States Navy, jointly using the major airfield on the property. In the 1930s the Navy developed Moffett Field originally for the home of the famous “Lighter than Air Era of American Military History,” housing and operating large-scale airships. Through the years a number of different military organizations, including the United States Air Force, used the Moffett Field facilities, and in the late 1980s the Navy operated the base.
With the enactment of the Base Realignment and Closure Act in 1991, Congress directed the Navy to close and vacate the Naval Air Station at Moffett Field. Under the framework of the "Federal Property Administrative Services Act" of 1949, 40 U.S.C. §471, NASA successfully negotiated custody of most of the Navy property, with the strong support of the local governments surrounding Moffett Field and the U.S. Congressmen from the area, especially Rep. Norman Mineta. The decision was properly approved through the federal government process to transfer the property to NASA and disestablish the Naval Air Station Moffett Field. The United States Department of Defense decided to retain control of of military housing at Moffett Field. In 1994, the Department of the Navy transferred approximately to NASA. This transfer created a unique opportunity for NASA to provide stewardship for the entire 800-hectare (2,000 acre) site, except the military housing.
Prior to obtaining control of Moffett Field, NASA prepared the Moffett Field Comprehensive Use Plan (CUP) to implement its management program for the newly expanded Ames. An Environmental Assessment (EA) and Finding of No Significant Impact accompanied the plan. The EA established under the CUP allows for the development of up to approximately 102,000 square meters (1.1 million square feet) of new construction.
The transfer of Moffett Field to Ames supplied the impetus to consider various new uses of the property for NASA’s benefit. Ames leaders began discussions with federal, state and community leaders for potential reuse ideas.
NASA Research Park.
In November 1996, the neighboring cities of Mountain View and Sunnyvale formed the Community Advisory Committee to study and provide input to Ames about the best reuses of Moffett Field. Ames developed a six-point initiative, which outlined program goals and reuse concepts for the development of the former Navy base that basically focused on university and industry building on NASA property as R&D collaborative partners. In 1997, after extensive public outreach and public meetings, the final report advisory committee endorsed NASA’s six-point initiative, which established the plans to develop what became the NASA Research Park.
Ames leaders reviewed studies of research parks worldwide and continued to work with the neighboring communities in preparing its preferred development plan. In 1998, Ames and the cities of Sunnyvale and Mountain View signed a memorandum of understanding to work jointly on development. Also, a number of major universities were involved in planning their potential roles in development. In mid-1998, Ames leaders presented their plan to NASA HQ and secured approval to proceed.
On December 8, 1998, NASA unveiled its visionary concept for a shared-use R&D and education campus for collaborations among government, industry, academia and non-profit organizations at a national press conference with NASA Administrator Dan Goldin. Over the next year, MOUs for planning development were signed with the University of California, Carnegie Mellon University, San Jose State University and Foothill-DeAnza Community College.
In addition to federal, state and community leaders’ inputs, Ames worked closely with a number of economic development and industry organizations in focused groups by industry: information technology, bio-technology and others to understand the needs of Silicon Valley high-tech industry. In 1999, this vision was outlined in an Economic Development Concept Workbook, which won the 2000 American Planning Association Award.
Development.
NASA’s goal is to develop a world-class, shared-use research and development campus in association with government entities, academia, industry and nonprofits. The NADP/EIS provides a framework to guide the use, renovation, management and development of facilities at Ames over the next 20 years to achieve that goal. The NRP supports NASA’s overall mission in three areas: advancing NASA’s research leadership; facilitating science and technology education; and creating a unique community of researchers, students and educators.
NASA’s recent vision and mission statements recognize that not from NASA alone, not from industry alone and not from universities alone will tomorrow’s innovations emerge. They will come from the integration of these different segments, each making the most of their unique attributes—NASA’s focus on high-risk, long-term research; industry’s ability to react quickly with applied technologies; and the universities’ expertise in educating and providing a vibrant workforce for the future.
The Vision for Space Exploration (VSE) announced in 2004 requires NASA to reach out and partner with all kinds of relevant organizations to sustain the long-term vision. The NRP has and is continuing to bring together outstanding diverse partners, assisting the pursuit of the VSE and other NASA programs. Through the interaction of academia, industry and nonprofit organizations at a robust federal laboratory, a unique community of researchers, students and educators with a shared mission to advance human knowledge will be created. This is the goal of the NRP.
In October 2011, the President issued a Presidential Memorandum "Accelerating Technology Transfer and Commercialization of Federal Research in Support of High-Growth Businesses" that directs federal agencies to "Facilitate Commercialization through Local and Regional Partnerships. Agencies must take steps to enhance successful technology innovation networks by fostering increased Federal laboratory engagement with external partners, including universities, industry consortia, economic development entities, and State and local governments." and to "to use existing authorities, such as Enhanced Use Leasing or Facility Use Agreements, to locate applied research and business support programs, such as incubators and research parks, on or near Federal laboratories and other research facilities to further technology transfer and commercialization. I encourage agencies with Federal laboratories and other research facilities to engage in public-private partnerships in those technical areas of importance to the agency's mission with external partners to strengthen the commercialization activities in their local region." NRP has implemented this directive through its program of onsite and offsite industry and academic partnerships.
External Reviews, Recognition, and Oversight.
2000 American Planning Association, Northern California Chapter.
Early in the planning process for NRP, NASA prepared its "NRP Economic Development Concept Workbook" used to brief key stakeholders in Silicon Valley and test real estate development concepts with end user technology companies. 
2000-2001 National Research Council.
As part of the planning process for NRP, NASA commissioned the highly regarded National Research Council to review the NRP concept. The National Research Council conducted a workshop and published its findings in "A Review of New Initiatives at NASA Ames Research Center: Summary of a Workshop." A key finding was that the proposed NSP would represent a "new model for Industry-Government Partnerships." 
2003 General Services Administration Award.
The General Services Administration (GSA) awarded its Seventh Annual GSA Achievement Award for Real Property Innovation to NASA for its NASA Ames Development Plan that established NRP. In making the agency's award, GSA Administrator Stephan A. Perry stated that "as our country changes, our mandate for excellence is creating an every more responsive government to serve our citizens better...(the) NASA Ames Development Plan will provide an integrated, dynamic research and development community."
2008 Deal of Year.
The San Jose/Silicon Valley Business Journal gave its top "Deal of the Year" award to NASA and Google for their landmark ground lease of 42 acres for an office/R&D development.
2009 National Research Council.
Eight years later, the National Research Council reviewed NASA Research Park as part of its influential "Understanding Research, Science, and Technology Parks: Global Best Practices: Report of a Symposium." Citing NRP as an example of global best practices, the Council found that NRP had made "great progress, exceeding expectations and enacting NASA plans with remarkable effectiveness."
2011 Keynote Speaker Association of University Research Parks.
Mr. Michael Marlaire, Director of NASA Research Park was invited to give a keynote speech at the 2011 annual convention of the Association of University Research Parks in New Orleans, LA. With an international membership, this pretisgious association's mission is to foster innovation, commercialization and economic growth in a global economy through university, industry and government partnerships.
2013 BBC TV Feature.
NRP and its innovative tenants were featured in the lead episode of BBC TV's Horizons: An Insight into the Future of Global Business. The show can be viewed at the BBC TV website: http://www.bbc.com/specialfeatures/horizonsbusiness/episode/space-innovation/?autoplay=true
Ames Core Technology Areas.
The Business Plan reviewed current partners and suggested future partners based on the core technology areas being pursued by Ames. Current and future NRP partners will contribute to breakthroughs in the areas in which NASA and Ames possess traditional competencies, such as aeronautics, air transportation management, robotics and information technology. While these core areas consist of technologies that are relatively mature, they require further advancement to enable the next generation of space flight and air travel. The development of these technologies is a key driver behind NASA’s mission; as such Ames will seek to create partnerships that support these areas as described below.
Small Spacecraft Systems.
Ames has pioneered the concept of small spacecraft and their potential for accelerating NASA’s progress in exploring the moon and solar system. By inserting a mix of microsatellites and miniature landers into NASA’s existing plans for robotic lunar exploration, the agency will be able to make great strides in a shorter timeframe and at a modest cost.
In May 2006, NASA’s Exploration Systems Directorate assigned Ames the responsibility for developing small spacecraft missions to support agency exploration goals. Underlying this decision was the expectation that many of NASA’s goals could be achieved with targeted, low-cost proposals in the $50 to $100 million range—much lower than traditional NASA missions.
The success of this program will depend in part upon partnerships with industry. Increased collaboration with the NRP’s university-led Center for Robotics and Space Exploration (CREST) will aid in the development of specific concepts for future small spacecraft missions, and will accelerate the advancement of the supporting technology for these missions.
Closer relationships among NASA, industry partners, and academic institutions will allow for a degree of progress in this area that would otherwise be impossible. Adaptation to the scale of small, low-cost missions will be difficult for both NASA and industry, but can be achieved in short order in a collaborative environment. Furthermore, partners, such as Google, may contribute non-traditional yet valuable expertise to the venture of developing computer systems for the new low-cost payloads.
One of the NRP partners, m2mi (machine-to-machine intelligence) developed the third ever in NASA, Cooperative Research and Development Agreement or CRADA, that will combine their unique capabilities in software technology, sensors, Global Systems awareness, adaptive control and commercialization capabilities with Ames’ expertise in nanosensors, wireless networks and nanosatellite technologies to develop a Fifth Generation (5G) (VOIP-Video-Data-Wireless-m2mi) telecommunications system. A large number of these nanosats (a constellation) will be placed in low earth orbit (LEO) to provide the first ever, Fifth Generation (5G) Telecommunications system to enable Internet Protocol (IP) based services to the global user community.
Intelligent Adaptive Systems and Robotics.
The next generation of space exploration systems will require a much greater degree of system intelligence than is currently available. The ability of systems to engage in autonomous decision making and to adapt to changes in the environment will enable NASA to expand its operations in austere environments, reduce costs of operations, and increase safety. NASA and Ames have been leaders in the development of these kinds of systems. However, by leveraging the base of knowledge in the commercial world, and by working with partners at the cutting edge of this technology, NASA can advance its science base in automated learning, intelligent execution and adaptive control beyond what is currently possible. There is great potential with Carnegie Mellon University’s expertise in this area along with many Silicon Valley businesses.
Integrated Next Generation Computer Systems.
NASA’s spacecraft, landers, and other exploration systems are heavily reliant upon computers, sensors and information technology. By partnering with the top firms in these areas, Ames will be better positioned to integrate these technologies into future NASA architectures. Google, Cisco, and Apprion are examples of companies currently in negotiation with Ames, and could add a great deal of value to this area once brought on board. Other potential partners include Hewlett-Packard, Cisco, Intel, AMD, and a host of other IT firms located in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Materials Science and Thermal Protection Systems (TPS).
Ames has played a significant role in the development of the TPS system for the Space Shuttle and possesses the baseline capabilities needed to develop systems for future spacecraft. NASA can greatly benefit by reaching out to partners beyond the pool of traditional suppliers of orbital thermal protection technology. For example, Ames will reach out to major chemical companies such as Dow Chemical, Du-Pont and BASF, to involve them in the search for next-generation heat shielding solutions. Such collaboration will greatly enhance the pool of talent available to advance technology in this area, and will advance the technology for future space transportation systems. In addition, nanotechnology materials development has great potential in the NRP as a number of companies and universities are interested, including the UCSC planned construction of a new Bio-Info-Nano R&D Lab.
Human Factors and Life Sciences.
To ensure the highest degree of safety and efficiency, future space exploration will require a greater understanding of the impact of low and zero-gravity environments upon human physiology. The effects of prolonged exposure to the low-gravity of the moon, for example, will challenge the ability of future explorers to maintain a significant lunar presence. As a result, NASA must continue to charge forward in developing technology and processes that overcome this challenge. Areas of current collaboration in the NRP include advanced muscle augmentation and bone density growth. Ames is currently working with NRP partners Changene and Tibion to advance these technologies. Ames has also been working with firms such as Bigelow and Hamilton Standard on water filtration devices for use on board future spacecraft or orbital habitats. The San Francisco Bay Area hosts over one-third of the world’s biotech companies and discussions are underway with the potential for a biotech cluster in the NRP.
Key Partners.
Google.
On September 30, 2005, NASA and Google announced a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) at a national press conference to pursue R&D collaborations with Ames in the areas of: large-scale data management; massively distributed computing; Bio-Info-Nano Convergence; and R&D activities to encourage the entrepreneurial space industry and plan to build of new facilities. In 2006, NASA and Google signed a major Space Act Agreement for Research and Development Collaboration with planned continuing new R&D annexes being added. In 2007, Google announced their Lunar X PRIZE, a $30 million international competition to safely land a robot on the surface of the Moon, travel 500 meters over the lunar surface, and send images and data back to the Earth. In 2008, Google Inc. and NASA signed a long-term ground lease for 42 acres in NRP. The San Jose Business Journal awarded the NASA/Google ground lease its "Deal of the Year" award in 2008. In late 2012 Google broke ground to construct up to 1.2 million in new office/R&D facilities near its Googleplex in Mountain View, CA. Google released details of its planned construction of its new campus to Vanity Fair in February 2013 and simultaneously issued a press statement confirming construction plans to the media. The announcement has been reported internationally, including the [http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324503204578320753525354828.html Wall Street Journal in the United States.
Singularity University.
Singularity University was jointly founded by Dr. Peter H. Diamandis and Dr. Ray Kurzweil. The concept of a new university that could leverage the power of exponential technologies to solve humanity’s grand challenges was proposed by Diamandis to Kurzweil and to International Space University colleagues Dr. Robert D. Richards and Michael Simpson in April 2007. An exploratory meeting was held at NASA Research Park, Moffett Field in November 2007, followed by a Founders Conference on September 20, 2008 also hosted at NASA. Singularity University opened in the summer of 2009 and has attracted widespread press coverage of its classes, competitions, and events. It hosted over 150 students in 2011 and has a faculty and staff of 40 located at NRP.
Carnegie Mellon University - Silicon Valley Campus.
In 2002, Carnegie Mellon University established a branch campus in Silicon Valley to connect its many distinctive technology education programs to the innovative business community at the epicenter of the 21st century technology revolution. The university's Silicon Valley Campus offers master’s programs in Software Engineering, Software Management, Engineering & Technology Innovation Management, and Information Technology, as well as a bicoastal Ph.D. program in Electrical and Computer Engineering with a focus in Mobility offered in conjunction with the new CyLab Mobility Research Center. Over 600 graduate-level students have received degrees at the Silicon Valley campus located in two historic buildings at NRP.
University of California Santa Cruz.
UCSC has been a planned major partner in the research park from inception. Originally, UCSC selected the park as the preferred site for their new Silicon Valley Center and signed a MOU in December 1998 announcing their plan to join. In 2000, UCSC signed a Letter of Intent with NASA to build approximately of new office space, R&D labs, and classrooms. In 2008, UCSC and NASA signed a long-term ground lease for 77 acres for a mixed use campus including 1,930 units of rental housing, education, office/R&D, and support retail.
Environmental issues.
The Navy has the responsibility to remediate the PCB hazard in the metal outer structure of the Hangar One building. The exterior skin is in the process of being removed, and the course of action for the remaining structural skeleton has yet to be publicly announced. The long and public process - of developing and analyzing courses of action - is ongoing. Many have expressed hope that this dynamic historic icon of the South Bay Area can be saved and utilized for a public purpose.
Parts of the research park lands are on a superfund site. However, NASA studies have shown that the lands are still usable and only require a particular type of construction.
References.
“A Review of the New Initiatives at the NASA Ames Research Center: A Summary of a Workshop” 
Authors: Charles W. Wessner, Editor, Steering Committee for Government-Industry Partnership for the Development of New Technologies, Board on Science, Technology, and Economic Policy, National Research Council
Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, 2003 
(Enrolled as Agreed to or Passed by Both House and Senate) 
ENHANCED-USE LEASE OF REAL PROPERTY DEMONSTRATION 

</doc>
<doc id="18493302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493302" title="Physics of the Impossible">
Physics of the Impossible

The concept of impossibility.
According to Kaku, technological advances that we take for granted today were declared impossible 150 years ago. William Thomson Kelvin (1824–1907), a mathematical physicist and creator of the Kelvin scale said publicly that “heavier than air” flying machines were impossible. “He thought X-rays were a hoax, and that radio had no future.” Likewise, Ernest Rutherford (1871–1937), a physicist who experimentally described the atom, thought the atom bomb was impossible and he compared it to moonshine (a crazy or foolish idea). Televisions, computers, and the Internet would seem incredibly fantastic to the people of the turn of the 20th century. Black holes were considered science fiction and even Einstein showed that black holes could not exist. 19th century science had determined that it was impossible for the earth to be billions of years old. Even in the 1920s and 1930s, Robert Goddard was scoffed at because it was believed that rockets would never be able to go into space.
Such advances were considered impossible because the basic laws of physics and science were not understood as well as they would subsequently be. Kaku states that “as a physicist learned that the impossible is often a relative term.” By this definition of "impossible", he poses the question "Is it not plausible to think that we might someday build space ships that can travel distances of light years, or think that we might teleport ourselves from one place to the other?"
Types of impossibilities.
Each chapter is named by a possible, or improbable, technology of the future. After a look at the development of today's technology, there is discussion as to how this advanced technology might become a reality. Chapters become somewhat more general towards the end of the book. Some of our present day technologies are explained, and then extrapolated into futuristic applications. In the future, current technologies are still recognizable, but in a slightly altered form. For example, when discussing force fields of the future, Dr. Kaku writes about cutting edge laser technology, and newly developed plasma windows. These are two of several technologies, which he sees as required for creating a force field. To create a force field these would be combined in a slightly altered form, such as more precise or more powerful. Furthermore, this discussion on force fields, as well as on the pantheon of highly advanced technologies, remains as true to the original concepts (as in how the public generally imagines advanced technologies) as possible, while remaining practical. Kaku concludes his book with a short epilogue detailing the newest frontiers in physics and how there is still much more to be learned about physics and our universe.
Kaku writes that since scientists understand the basic laws of physics today they are able to perceive or imagine a basic outline of future technologies that might work. Kaku writes: "Physicists today understand the basic laws physics extending over a staggering forty three orders of magnitude, from the interior of the proton out to the expanding universe." He goes on to say that physicists can discern between future technologies that are merely improbable and those technologies that are truly impossible. He uses a system of Class I, Class II, and Class III to classify these science-fictional future technologies that are believed to be impossible today.
Class I impossibilities.
Class I Impossibilities are "technologies that are impossible today, but that do not violate the known laws of physics." Kaku speculates that these technologies may become available in some limited form in a century or two.
A future technology that may be seen within a lifetime is a new advanced stealth technology. This is a Class I Impossibility. In 2006, Duke University and Imperial College were able to bend microwaves around an object so that it would appear invisible in the microwave range. The object is like a boulder in a stream. Downstream the water has converged in such a way that there is no evidence of a boulder upstream. Likewise, the microwaves converge in such a way that, to an observer from any direction, there is no evidence of an object. In 2008, two groups, one at Caltech and the other at Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, were able to bend red light and blue-green of the visible spectrum. This made the object appear invisible in the red and blue green light range. However, this was only at the microscopic level.
Teleportation is a class I impossibility, in that it does not violate the laws of physics, and could possibly exist on the time scale of a century. Today, scientists are able to teleport only information at the atomic level. Information can be teleported from Atom A to Atom B, for example. But this is nothing like beaming Captain Kirk down to a planet and back. In order to do that, a person would have to be dissolved atom by atom then rematerialized at the other end. On the scale of a decade, it will probably be possible to teleport the first molecule, and maybe even a virus.
Class II impossibilities.
Class II Impossibilities are “technologies that sit at the very edge of our understanding of the physical world," possibly taking thousands or millions of years to become available.
Such a technology is time travel. Einstein’s equations do show that time travel is possible. However, this would not be developed for a time scale of centuries or even millennia from now. This would make it a Class II impossibility. The two major physical hurdles are energy and stability. Traveling through time would require the entire energy of a star or black hole. Questions of stability are: will the radiation from such a journey kill you and will the “aperture” remain open so you can get back? According to Dr. Kaku in an interview, “the serious study of the impossible has frequently opened up rich and unexpected domains of science”.
Class III impossibilities.
Class III Impossibilities are “technologies that violate the known laws of physics." Kaku writes about only two of these, perpetual motion machines and precognition. Development of these technologies would represent a fundamental shift in human understanding of physics.
Reception.
Bryan Appleyard considers this book to be a demonstration of renewed confidence in the possibilities of physics. He also sees the book as a depiction of how the public believes in an especially optimistic view of the future. Discussing the book's author, he writes, "Kaku, when on home territory, is an effective and gifted dramatiser of highly complex ideas. If you want to know what the implications would be of room-temperature superconductors, or all about tachyons, particles that travel faster than the speed of light and pass through all points of the universe simultaneously, then this is the place to find out."
To Appleyard, the fact that this book uses Sci-Fi technology to open the door to real science is interesting. However, he writes, it also has the added effect of making discoveries that might otherwise end up being obscure as giving us a feeling of being closer to that optimistic future. When bending microwaves around an object, rather than being just an obscure physics experiment, it creates a feeling that a Star Trek cloaking device is just around the corner. An equally obscure subatomic experiment means that soon we will be saying, "Beam me up Scotty." He writes, that in this regard, this book helps to “sustain our sense of an increasing acceleration into a future that must be radically different from the present.”
According to Appleyard this radically different and better future "... is what lies at the core of this type of book. The future, conceived as some realm in which contemporary problems have been resolved, is the primary, though usually unacknowledged, faith" that people have always had."

</doc>
<doc id="18493309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493309" title="USS Margaret (SP-531)">
USS Margaret (SP-531)

USS "Margaret" (SP-531) was a schooner acquired by the U.S. Navy for temporary service during World War I.
World War I service.
"Margaret", a 58-gross-ton auxiliary schooner, was built in 1903 at Boston, Massachusetts, as the pleasure craft "Savarona I". Acquired by the Navy for World War I service, she was commissioned in May 1917 as USS "Margaret" (SP-531) and renamed "SP-531" the following year.
Post-war decommissioning.
She was decommissioned and stricken from the List of Naval vessels in September 1919 and sold on 13 December 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18493340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493340" title="Mark Daniel Merritt">
Mark Daniel Merritt

Mark Daniel Merritt (b. New London, CT 1961) (ASCAP) is an American composer and arranger with published choral works mostly for church choirs. Merritt's recent commissions, which had its world premiere in July of that year. "River Dreams" is an adaptation of the book, "A Long Row to Hoe", the autobiography of Kentucky author Billy C. Clark. The play was written by Betty Peterson. In an interview with the Daily Independent newspaper in Ashland, Kentucky, the director of the play Edward Figgins states, "Music by composer Mark Daniel Merritt captures the mood of Peterson's lyrics."
The "American Organist" gave the following review of Merritt's published Christmas piece, "Deo Gratias:"
This setting of "Adam lay ybounden" will give Boris Ord's a run for its money. Well crafted and singable, this is sung with "traditional" harmonic language. An accompaniment for rehearsal is provided.
Originally from Noank, CT, Merritt now resides in Mount Airy, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="18493361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493361" title="Charmer (Strawbs song)">
Charmer (Strawbs song)

"Charmer" is a song by English band Strawbs featured on their 1976 album Deep Cuts.
The song was written by Dave Cousins and Chas Cronk. The single version has some additional overdubs compared to the version on the album. 
B-Side of the single.
The B-side track "Beside the Rio Grande" is a Dave Cousins composition also appearing on the album. The lyrics are an allegory of Jesus Christ's crucifixion.
Personnel.
with
Mellotron can clearly be heard on this track, therefore according to the album credits Robert Kirby is playing on this track. Both the other keyboard players are credited on the album but it is unsure which of them played on this particular track. A synthesizer can be heard in the instrumentation but both Mealing and Holmes are credited with this instrument in the album credits.

</doc>
<doc id="18493370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493370" title="Irondequoit Gully">
Irondequoit Gully

The Irondequoit Gully, or more commonly known in colloquial terms as simply, The Gully, is a path created by a stream that flows to Irondequoit Bay in New York State, United States. The Gully was once a trolley route. Most of The Gully runs through private backyards. 
The sides of the gully are 2-3m tall embankments. There is evidence of the mass transit system with the remnants of bridges, cements posts sticking out of the ground, and as well as building foundations.

</doc>
<doc id="18493374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493374" title="Private Schools Athletic Association">
Private Schools Athletic Association

The Private Schools Athletic Association (PSAA) was formed in 1917 to fill a need for a secondary school sports league for the private schools in the New York metropolitan area. Prior to the 1920s, New York City had the longest history with private schools leagues, beginning with the New York Interscholastic Athletic Association formed in 1879. This league went into decline and disappeared in the first decade of the twentieth century, leaving the city without a private league.
History.
During World War I, the private schools felt the need of a league, and got together for a track and field meet in the spring of 1917. Prominent members were Polytechnic Prep (now Poly Prep), Horace Mann, Dwight, and Trinity. New York’s Catholic schools during much of the 1920s did not have much league sponsorship, and also participated in league events, notably DelaSalle, Bishop Loughlin, Augustine, and LaSalle Military Academy.
The PSAA league gradually expanded into other sports, adding cross country in 1921, fencing and basketball in 1926, and swimming in 1927, to become a full-fledge league by the end of the 1920s.
List of schools.
All schools are in the New York City borough of Manhattan unless otherwise noted.
See also.
The following independent school sport leagues are also in New York state:

</doc>
<doc id="18493391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493391" title="Tuol Kork">
Tuol Kork

Tuol Kork is a district (Khan) in the city of Phnom Penh, Cambodia. Tuol Kork is well known for the large villas in its northern part of the district. This district is subdivided into 10 Sangkats and 143 Kroms.
Postal Code of Toul Kork District (12150)

</doc>
<doc id="18493407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493407" title="List of TVB series (1998)">
List of TVB series (1998)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 1998.
First line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 7:35pm to 8:35pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Second line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 9:35pm to 10:35pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Third line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 10:35pm to 11:05pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.

</doc>
<doc id="18493427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493427" title="Remembering Arthur">
Remembering Arthur

Remembering Arthur is a documentary about collage filmmaker Arthur Lipsett that debuted at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival. It is directed by Lipsett's close friend Martin Lavut and takes a personal approach to the story of his life through interviews with family, friends and colleagues. The film was produced by Public Pictures in association with the National Film Board of Canada, Bravo! and TVOntario.
In 2007 it won the "Best Cinematography in a Documentary" Award from The Canadian Society of Cinematographers.

</doc>
<doc id="18493434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493434" title="St. James the Apostle Anglican Church">
St. James the Apostle Anglican Church

St. James the Apostle Anglican Church is an Anglican church located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Its address is at 1439 Sainte-Catherine Street West.
History.
St. James the Apostle was first opened for worship in May 1864. It is a Gothic Revival church built of grey limestone. Originally, it stood on open land and was given the nickname of "St. Crickets in the Fields". This name arose when a British army regiment was garrisoned in Montreal at the time, owing to the American Civil War, and the officers took to playing cricket beside the newly built church.
Since its original construction, the church has been altered, expanded, restored and even partly demolished over the years. A rectory was built next door in 1868 but demolished in its entirety in 1937. A small chapel was added in 1896, but owing to shifting foundations it was torn down and rebuilt in 1956. The Parish Hall was built behind the rectory in 1924. The nave was lengthened towards St. Catherine street in 1877; the north transept was built in 1895. Although Canon Ellegood was the first rector of St. James the Apostle for the period of 1864 to 1911, the major window over the Altar, an Ascension window, dedicated to the Glory of God is in memory of the late Canon Allan P. Shatford, the second Rector of St. James the Apostle (1911-1935).
Victoria Rifles of Canada.
St. James the Apostle had strong ties with the Victoria Rifles of Canada, and the close association continued until the regiment disbanded in November, 1995. The Colours were retired and now hang in the church. The tablets are to the Glory of God and in memory of the many members of the congregation who were in the armed forces during the two great wars.
Architecture.
Church garden.
The church garden is open to the public daily. There are thirty-one stained glass windows in the church, chapel and entrances. Of these, four can be classified as significant windows, but the remainder are of no less importance.
Interior.
Of the three large panel windows on the St. Catherine street wall, the center panel depicts St. James, in memory of Charles Watson Phillips who died in 1853. The panel on the left represents the Centurion and was erected by the congregation in memory of Charles’s brother who died in 1872. The panel on the right has the figure of Christ as he appears to Mary and is in memory of Charles’s widow, Dame Ann Bain, who died in 1891. The Phillips family donated the land for the church and were very generous benefactors.
At the back of the west transept is a three paneled window. The centre panel is Jesus Christ standing in an arresting position as Saviour of the World, and is in memory of the Prince Consort. It was given by the congregation. The panel to the left represents Christ blessing the little children and is in memory of the Judah family who were generous members of the church at the turn of the century. On the right is the standing figure of Christ in memory of Robert Foster, who died in 1899 and his wife Margaret Haldane who died in 1904.
The last of the important windows is in the east transept and was donated by the congregation in memory of those who fought and fell in the First Great War. This window is referred to at the Regimental Window and the various armed services are represented in this remarkable piece of workmanship.
There used to be a rood screen to separate the nave from the choir, but it was eventually removed to provide ceiling decorations towards the top of the centre aisle. There is a very distinct decorative frieze around the nave at ceiling level which contains the entire Apostles' Creed. The front arch holds two carved angels keeping watch over the community.
Cross of nails.
St. James the Apostle was presented with a Cross of Nails from the Coventry Cathedral in Coventry, England following its destruction by the German Luftwaffe during the Coventry Blitz of 1940. The cross now hangs on the office wall "bringing the Church of St. James the Apostle into close fellowship with Coventry Cathedral in the search for relevance of the Christian faith to the international needs of the Christian world."

</doc>
<doc id="18493440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493440" title="Bavelaw Castle">
Bavelaw Castle

Bavelaw Castle is a historic house in the City of Edinburgh council area, Scotland. It is north of Hare Hill in the Pentland Hills, four miles west of Penicuik, and two miles south of Balerno, above Threipmuir Reservoir. 
The house was built around a 16th-century L-plan tower house. Mary, Queen of Scots, and James VI both stayed at Bavelaw.
An earlier structure was held by the Braids, then by the Fairlies, but passed to the Forresters of Niddry by marriage. From them, it went to the Mowbrays of Barnbougle in the 16th century, and then to the Dundas family who probably built the core of the current building. Later, in 1628, it passed to the Scotts of Harperigg.
Bavelaw fell into a ruinous state, but was restored and extended in about 1900 by Sir Robert Lorimer (1864 - 1929), linking the former out-buildings to become part of the main house, adding larger windows and a turret to increase the space in the attic, and converting the basement.
Bavelaw Castle is currently owned by the Douglas-Miller family, former owners of the Jenners department store.

</doc>
<doc id="18493443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493443" title="Mike Super">
Mike Super

Mike Super is an American Magician who was the winner of the NBC show, Phenomenon. He currently tours the US and Canada with his illusion show.
Biography.
Mike Super started doing magic at the age of six. He became interested in magic when he visited a magic shop in Walt Disney World. He saw an old man performing tricks and became fascinated. He idolizes Walt Disney, Harry Houdini, David Copperfield, and Doug Henning. He has performed magic to put himself through the University of Pittsburgh, where he majored in Computer Science. 
He is a member of the International Brotherhood of Magicians and the Society of American Magicians. He is probably best known for his performances on NBC’s Phenomenon,in November 2007, on which he won $250,000. He has entertained millions of people during his career, including celebrities Criss Angel, Ellen DeGeneres, Kim Kardashian, Carmen Electra, Kenny Chesney, Uri Gellar, Regis Philbin, Joan Rivers, Paul Reiser, and Robin Leach. He has won many awards for his talent. Mike was named 2011 Entertainer of the Year by the International Magicians Society. Campus Activities Magazine named him America's Best Entertainer of the Year. He has also won Novelty Entertainer of the Year. Additional awards he has won are from the APCA (Association for the Promotion of Campus Activities) and NACA (National Association for Campus Activities): 2003 Best Performing Artist, 2003 Best Novelty Entertainer of the Year, 2003 Best Male Entertainer of the Year, 2002 Performing Arts Entertainer of the Year, and 2001 Novelty/Live Entertainer of the Year.
Phenomenon television show.
In 2007, Mike took part in NBC's Phenomenon. He, along with 9 other contestants, competed over a series of 5 weeks on live network television, and he was unanimously voted by mentalist Uri Geller, illusionist Criss Angel, and the American public as the number 1 mystifier in the world.
In his first appearance (during the 2nd week of the show), Mike performed a Murder Mystery routine, where the time, place, and weapon used in the murder matched his prediction.
In the third week, he performed a demonstration using a voodoo doll. The celebrity guest felt everything that the doll felt; her hands became charred when he burned the doll's hands, and she yelped when he poked the doll.
In week 4, Mike performed an effect in which 7 numbers written down by audience members matched those of a license plate on a motorcycle, which he made appear according to the celebrity guests' specifications (color, skull on the seat).
In the final round of the competition (week 5), Mike allowed a celebrity guest to grab a dollar bill from a wind chamber, and the 8 numbers in the bill's serial number matched those of 8 playing cards previously drawn by Mike. At the end of the episode Mike was named the winner of $250,000 and the title of The Phenomenon.

</doc>
<doc id="18493447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493447" title="Petralinci">
Petralinci

Petralinci () is a village in Republic of Macedonia near Strumica. It is in the Bosilovo Municipality. According to the 2002 census, the total population of the village was 605 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18493462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493462" title="Farzad Farzin">
Farzad Farzin

Farzad Farzin (Persian: فرزاد فرزین) was born in Tehran, Iran on 24 June 1981. He is an Iranian singer, song writer, arranger, and actor.
Music career.
Early years.
Farzad Farzad was one of the founders and original band member of the Corouz Group in 2001. He left the band before they could release their first album. Farzad's spot in Corouz was taken by Shervin Sohrabian. Farzad had left Corouz Group for personal reasons, but obviously did keep the rights to all songs he had created for Corouz Group.
Solo career.
After many revisions in terms of content, title and record label, he finally was able to release his first (legal) album Sharaareh in 2005 on the Navaaye Raameshe label. 
His second (legal) album "Shock" took quite a while to see the light of day. Originally it was planned for release in 2006, but was postponed. This was mainly due to the fact that his new album(s) were leaked on the Internet prematurely. As a result, he had a hard time publishing and performing his work inside Iran legally. In the mean time he was able to give a couple of European concerts together with Mohsen Yeganeh in the Netherlands and Germany in May 2007. The second album "Shock" was finally released in 2008.
To avoid the same problems from happening again, Farzad tried to come to some sort of understanding with blogs and pirate websites not to freely distribute songs from his next album directly after its release in stores. For his third album Shaans Farzad was so afraid this it would be leaked and bootlegged that he released the album prematurely on a late afternoon, with a misprinted cover! He was so nervous that he could not sleep for nights. While (legal) music television is non-existent inside Iran, it was quite a novelty that this album was promoted in movie theatres and on VCD/DVDs with a 3-minute music video medley featuring four of the new album's songs.
Late August 2010, he managed to make his European chart debut with the second song Chikeh Chikeh from his third album Shaans and managed to stay there for two weeks with an introduction to his new album. This received high attention in the Iranian on-line media.
Discography.
Official albums releases.
Farzad released the following albums with a government permit.
The following albums were leaked on the Internet before Farzad was able to secure a government permit for official release. As a result, Farzad Farzin did not get the necessary permits and was even barred from publishing any work for a certain period of time.
Acting career.
Farzad Farzin also has a modest acting career. His first role was that of singer in the movie Pesaraane Ajori, directed by Majid Gharizadeh. Many years before that he appeared in many shortfilms as well as the TeleFilm Donyaaye Mahboob, directed by Arsalan Amirhosseini. Farzad Farzin recently starred in a motion picture about an aspiring singer whose biggest dream is to sing a song for the Persian Gulf while standing on a boat. He also featured on the soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="18493463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493463" title="Jiashan Senior High School">
Jiashan Senior High School

Jiashan Senior High School (Chinese: 嘉善高级中学), formerly known as Jiashan County Junior High School, Jiashan County First Junior High School, and Jiashan Second High School, was founded in September, 1926. It is the earliest established high school in Jiashan County, and is a key high school in Zhejiang Province. In August, 2001, the school was relocated to a new site, 318 Jiashan People Ave., and was renamed Jiashan Senior High School.
History.
In 1920s, under the influence of May 4th Movement, the democrats and celebrities in Jiashan County advocated and promoted fundamental education. Approved by the County Council, "Jiashan County Junior High School" was founded in 1926. The original site was located outside the east county gate (now Sixian Department Store). The school officially opened on September 20, 1926, and the first principal was Mr. Wu Zhaohuan (吴兆焕). It is the precedent of Jiashan Senior High School, and is also the earliest established high school in Jiashan County.
Over the years the school altered its name occasionally and it was relocated several times. After the outbreak of Sino-Japanese War, Jiashan was soon occupied by Japanese, and the school was forced to close in November, 1937. Thanks to the efforts of pioneering scholars, the school was moved to Xitang Town in spring of 1938 and the class was resumed. In the following years, the school moved back and forth to Xitang and Tianning under the Japanese occupation, and struggled to remain open in harsh times. After VJ-day in August, 1945, the school moved back from Tianning to the county seat, and built a new campus in Miancheng Garden in Tianjia Lane (now printing factory in Xingxian Rd.). A second campus was also expanded in Xitang whre Jiashan Third High School.
In May, 1949, Jiashan was occupied by CPC army and the school was taken over by a military unit. Before the opening of fall semester, the government decided to relocate to school to the site of elementary normal school in Dasheng Temple, outside east gate (now Xiaosi Lane), and the two schools merged. In spring 1950, the school was again relocated to the Confucius Temple (now Second Senior High School). In autumn of that year, the teacher training section was abolished, and the Xitang campus became independent.
In July 1953, the school was renamed "Jiashan First Junior High School". In September 1958, it established agriculture department and its name changed to "Jiashan Agricultural Specialized School". Meanwhile, a workshop, a farmer and a ranch were formed, affiliated to the school. In March 1959, Jiashan County was merged into Jiaxing County and the school was renamed "Jiaxing County Agricultural Specialized School". Another institute, "Jiaxing South Lake Agricultural Specialized School" was merged into it. At that time, the school still retained over 10 classes at junior high level, besides agricultural sections. In that year, due to the achievement in labor-sustained education, the then president, Liu Maoxuan, was invited to attend the "National Elite Workers Conference in Culture and Education System" in Beijing. In April 1960, the school was renamed "Jiaxing Thirteenth High School". In August 1961, Jiaxing and Jiashan were divided into two counties, and the school adopted the name "Jiashan Weitang High School". During Cultural Revolution, in December 1966, the school changed the name to "Jiashan Oriental Red High School", and was managed by the Indigence Management Commission of Fengtong Commune.
The school began normalization in 1972. In that fall, new students enrolled in senior high section and the school transformed to a comprehensive high school, consisting of both junior and senior high sections. In December 1972, it adopted the name "Jiashan Second High School" and retained the name till July 2001.
Since the Reform and Openness, the school has witnessed a period of speedy development. In August 1978, Jiashan Second High School was accredited as "Provincial Key High School" by provincial government. The school gradually switched its emphasis from junior high to senior high, and its education quality has been greatly improved. In 1984, the school was honored as "Advanced Group of Primary and High Schools of Zhejiang Province".
Approved by Jiashan County government, Jiashan Second High School transformed to an exclusive senior high school in August 1992, and the junior high section was abolished. Thus, the main focus of the school has become the preparatory education for colleges and universities. In 1995 and 1996, the school set historical records of college enrollment in national college entrance exams. Since then, it has enjoyed renowned social reputation.
In October 1996, the school celebrated its 70th anniversary. In May 1998, the school was honored as one of "Provincial First-Class Key High School" by Zhejiang government.
The new campus was established in August 2001. After relocation, the school was renamed "Jiashan Senior High School".
The current president and Party chief is Zhou Jianyi (周建夷).

</doc>
<doc id="18493474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493474" title="Apostolic Prefecture of Ulaanbaatar">
Apostolic Prefecture of Ulaanbaatar

The Apostolic Prefecture of Ulaanbaatar () is a Roman Catholic apostolic prefecture located in the city of Ulaanbaatar in Mongolia.

</doc>
<doc id="18493475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493475" title="Paul Rowney">
Paul Rowney

Paul Rowney (born 2 December 1970 in Botany, Australia) is an Australian Olympic cyclist.
He placed 10th in the Men's Mountainbike Race at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. He has won three Australian championships in mountain biking. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder. 
Rowney rode for the Yeti Cycles Factory Team and since retiring continues to act as their representative in Australia. 
He is the grandson of James Patterson, a former Australian champion in the 10 mile and Australian representative at the 1938 British Empire Games in the marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="18493477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493477" title="1997 UCI Road World Championships – Men's under-23 road race">
1997 UCI Road World Championships – Men's under-23 road race

The 1997 UCI Road World Championships - Men's Under-23 Road Race took place on October 11, 1997 in the Spanish city of San Sebastian. The race was won by Kurt Asle Arvesen of Norway.
Results.
October 11, 1997: San Sebastian

</doc>
<doc id="18493478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493478" title="Russei Keo District">
Russei Keo District

Russei Keo is a district (Khan) in the municipality of Phnom Penh, Cambodia. This district consists of the northern and northwestern outskirts of the main city of Phnom Penh, stretching from the Dangkor District in the west to the Tonle Sap River in the east. It is the second-largest district of Phnom Penh and covers an area of 105.56 km². According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 180,076.
Camko City.
Camko City is an urban development zone being developed by a consortium spearheaded by World City Co., Ltd of South Korea in the Russei Kaew district. It has a projected investment valued at $2.063 billion. This mix-use development zone will have residential and commercial areas including health facilities, sports complex, educational institutions, cultural and convention center.
Administration.
Russei Kaew is subdivided into 12 Sangkats (communes) and 67 Kroms (villages).

</doc>
<doc id="18493487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493487" title="Kieslingswalde">
Kieslingswalde

Kieslingswalde is a German placename that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18493501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493501" title="Ohio State Route 517">
Ohio State Route 517

State Route 517 (SR 517) is an east–west state highway located in the northeastern quadrant of the U.S. state of Ohio. The western terminus of State Route 517 is in downtown Lisbon at a signalized intersection that marks the confluence of U.S. Route 30, State Route 45, State Route 154 and State Route 164. The eastern terminus is at the junction of State Route 7 and State Route 558 approximately north of the village of Rogers.
Established in the late 1930s, State Route 517 runs exclusively within Columbiana County, traversing through mainly rural terrain in the central and northeastern portions of the county.
Route description.
State Route 517, which lies entirely within the northeastern portion of Columbiana County, is not included within the National Highway System, a network of routes deemed most important for the economy, mobility and defense of the nation.
History.
Established in 1937 along the routing that it currently utilizes between downtown Lisbon and the junction of State Route 7 and State Route 558, State Route 517 has not experienced any major changes in alignment since its designation.

</doc>
<doc id="18493516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493516" title="Stefan Traykov">
Stefan Traykov

Stefan Traykov (; born 9 July 1976) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays as a midfielder for Akademik Svishtov.
Traykov was raised in Akademik Svishtov's youth teams. In his career he played also for Etar Veliko Tarnovo, Chernomorets Burgas, Marek Dupnitsa and Ravda 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="18493523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493523" title="Mad Rollin' Dolls">
Mad Rollin' Dolls

Mad Rollin' Dolls (MRD) is an all-women flat-track roller derby league based in Madison, Wisconsin.
League.
As a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA), the Mad Rollin' Dolls compete as part of the WFTDA North Central region. 
In October 2008, The Mad Rollin' Dolls hosted "Derby in Dairyland", the WFTDA Eastern Regional Tournament.
Rankings.
The Mad Rollin' Dolls were ranked 6th in the North Central region by WFTDA at the end of 2012. 
As of December 2010, they are ranked 15th in the nation by the Derby News Network power rankings. 
As of December 2010, MRD is ranked 27th in the nation by Flat Track Stats. 
Teams.
MRD is composed of four home teams; the Quad Squad, the Reservoir Dolls, the Unholy Rollers and the Vaudeville Vixens.
League Champions by year are:
MRD has both an all-star and B interleague team composed of skaters from the four home teams, the Dairyland Dolls. This team competes against other WFTDA and non-WFTDA leagues across the United States.
Starting in 2008, The Mad Rollin' Dolls added a 2nd travel team, Team Unicorn. Their first bout was in Hamilton, ON on July 26, 2008.
MRD supports a recreational league in Madison, known as the Mad Wreckin' Dolls.

</doc>
<doc id="18493534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493534" title="Down to Earth (Monie Love album)">
Down to Earth (Monie Love album)

Down to Earth is the debut album by Monie Love, which was released on October 30, 1990, on Warner Bros. Records. It peaked at 109 on the Billboard 200 and at 26 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and spawned three charting singles. "It's a Shame (My Sister)" became Monie's only top-40 hit in the U.S., and peaked at 26 on the Billboard Hot 100, while "Monie in the Middle" and "Down 2 Earth" were both successful on the R&B and hip hop charts.
At the 33rd Grammy Awards, "Monie in the Middle" was nominated for Best Rap Solo Performance, but lost to MC Hammer's "U Can't Touch This." The following year at the 34th Grammy Awards, she was nominated for Best Rap Solo Performance again for "It's a Shame (My Sister)" but lost to LL Cool J's "Mama Said Knock You Out."

</doc>
<doc id="18493539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493539" title="Subaru 1500">
Subaru 1500

The first vehicle built by the automotive division of Fuji Heavy Industries was called the Subaru 1500, with the development code-name of P1. The prototype used a monocoque body structure and adopting the "ponton" style appearance, with an independent front wishbone suspension and a rear leaf spring suspension with three plates and a live rear axle.
The 1.5 litre four-cylinder OHV engine, code named "FG4A" was sourced from Peugeot from the Peugeot 202, and built by Fuji Precision Technology, later known as the Prince Motor Company. The FG4A engine was related to the Prince GA4 with some modification. The 1500 has a similar appearance to the Peugeot 403. Later a different engine was developed in-house by Fuji Heavy Industries, code named "L4-1" which was also a 1.5 litre OHV engine, that was 20 percent lighter than the previous engine used. The "P-1" was water-cooled and used an four-cylinder inline engine.
Only 20 "P-1"'s were built, all in 1954, with 11 vehicles using the "FG4A" engine. Six units were provided to the taxi companies in Isesaki, Ota and Honjo Cities for private testing, with successful results.
It was Subaru's first (and until the introduction of the BRZ in 2012, only) FR vehicle.

</doc>
<doc id="18493541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493541" title="Fabien Baron">
Fabien Baron

Fabien Baron (born 1959) is a French director, art director and magazine editor. He is Editorial Director of "Interview" magazine.
Life and career.
Fabien Baron is the founder and creative director of Baron & Baron - an art direction and marketing company. He has "created lucrative perfumes for half a dozen designers, including Giorgio Armani." Baron has "shaped the visual identities of global fashion brands like Calvin Klein, creating iconic print and television campaigns, packaging and, in recent years, digital work, including web films, a medium Baron has called "the future of branding".” 

</doc>
<doc id="18493545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493545" title="Vancouver Film and Television Forum">
Vancouver Film and Television Forum

The Vancouver Film and Television Forum is an annual event produced by the Vancouver International Film Festival in Vancouver, Canada. Now in its 28th year, the Film and Television Forum takes place at the Rogers Industry Centre located at the Vancouver International Film Centre from October 2nd - October 4th,2013 with New Filmmakers' Day (NFD) on October 5th.
Overview.
The Forum is a four-day event that features panel discussions, master classes, workshops, and meetings geared to the professional development of the Canadian film and television community. It also serves as a platform for delegates to access domestic and global market leaders, share the expertise of international speakers and meet and foster working relationships with their peers.
Program content includes discussions ranging from the issue of multiplatform production and digital distribution to finding elusive co-production partners. Each day focuses on a different aspect of the industry, with themes including documentaries,factual programming, films, television and "new filmmakers". Speakers focus on successful and critically acclaimed film and television productions. Guest speakers have included Marc Forster, Atom Egoyan, Peter Farrelly, Sarah Polley, Stan Lee, Conrad Hall, Doug Liman, Michael Moore, Alexander Payne, Gus Van Sant and Joel H. Cohen.
External links.
Official website

</doc>
<doc id="18493558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493558" title="2006 Vodacom Challenge">
2006 Vodacom Challenge

The Vodacom Challenge 2006 was played between 15 July and 22 July 2006. The teams involved were:

</doc>
<doc id="18493560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493560" title="Fuerza Democrática">
Fuerza Democrática

Fuerza Democrática can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18493573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493573" title="Fenquizone">
Fenquizone

Fenquizone (INN) is a diuretic, part of the class of low-ceiling sulfonamide diuretics. Fenquizone is used primarily in the treatment of oedema and hypertension. 

</doc>
<doc id="18493580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493580" title="Clorexolone">
Clorexolone

Clorexolone is a low-ceiling sulfonamide diuretic.

</doc>
<doc id="18493582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493582" title="1997 UCI Road World Championships – Men's road race">
1997 UCI Road World Championships – Men's road race

The men's road race at the 1997 UCI Road World Championships took place on October 12, 1997 in San Sebastián, Basque Country, Spain. The championship was won by the French Laurent Brochard, completing a French double in the Men's Elite Races after Laurent Jalabert won the Individual Time Trial a few days before. The men's road race featured 19 laps of 13.5 km, amounting to 265.5 kilometres of racing. There were a total number of 161 starters, with 87 cyclists actually finishing the race.

</doc>
<doc id="18493583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493583" title="HD 202259">
HD 202259

HD 202259 is a variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="18493590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493590" title="Clofenamide">
Clofenamide

Clofenamide (or diumide) is a low-ceiling sulfonamide diuretic.

</doc>
<doc id="18493592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493592" title="Sammi VS Sammi Sammi Cheng 2004 Concert (DVD)">
Sammi VS Sammi Sammi Cheng 2004 Concert (DVD)

Sammi VS Sammi Sammi Cheng 2004 Concert (DVD) (Traditional Chinese: Sammi VS Sammi 鄭秀文 04 演唱會; Simplified Chinese: Sammi VS Sammi 郑秀文 04 演唱会) is a live concert recorded on July 31, 2004 by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng at the Hong Kong Coliseum, during the Sammi VS Sammi Tour. The concert was released on December 4, 2004.
Opening with the stunning medley which includes: "螢光粉紅", "X派對", "發熱發亮", "星秀傳說". Sammi reveals her idol as a young girl. She showed 2 songs that she sang when she was a girl and also sang "乾一杯", the song that won the 1998 New Talent Singing Awards. She sang with Teresa Carpio and also sang one of her dance song, "神奇女俠". This concert highlights the love medley featuring Denise Ho. Encore with "感情線上" and also invited guest to sing with her. She and the crowd sang "終身美麗" at the end of the concert.
This concert is also released in CD and VCD format.

</doc>
<doc id="18493593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493593" title="Vladislav Stoyanov">
Vladislav Stoyanov

Vladislav Boykov Stoyanov (; born 8 June 1987 in Pernik) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Ludogorets Razgrad and the Bulgarian national football team.
Career.
Early career.
Born in Pernik, Stoyanov began his career with the local club Metalurg, but joined CSKA Sofia Academy in 2000, when he was 13. Stoyanov played four seasons for CSKA, but before he signed his first professional contract with the club, he decided to join Naftex Burgas.
Naftex Burgas.
Stoyanov started his first 2005–06 season in the senior squad as third-choice goalkeeper, behind Svilen Simeonov and Ivan Čvorović. He kept a clean sheet in his league debut in a 1–0 victory over Cherno More Varna on 15 October 2005.
Chernomorets Burgas.
In June 2006 Stoyanov joined Chernomorets Burgas in the East B PFG. He made his debut on 19 August, in a 1–1 home draw against Nesebar. After Chernomorets's promotion to the A PFG, he became a first-choice goalkeeper for the 2007–08 season. He earned 28 appearances and kept ten clean sheets during the season.
In July 2008, Dinamo Kyiv officially invited Stoyanov to join the training sessions for a week. He was the first choice goalkeeper for the team from Burgas during most of the 2008–09 season, but lost his place after the arrival of Pascal Borel.
Sheriff Tiraspol.
In January 2010 Stoyanov signed for Sheriff Tiraspol. He made his Moldovan National Division debut on 7 March, in a 2–0 home win against Tiraspol. Stoyanov started his time with Sheriff great, keeping clean sheets in his first nine matches. On 4 August 2010, he saved three penalty shootout, in an eventual 6–5 win after penalty shootout over Dinamo Zagreb in the third qualifying round of the 2010–11 Champions League. On 18 December Stoyanov was named Goalkeeper of the year in Moldova.
Ludogorets Razgrad.
On 11 January 2013, Ludogorets Razgrad completed the transfer of Stoyanov from Sheriff.
On 13 December 2013, Stoyanov was named in the 2013–14 Team of the Europa League group stage. He kept a four clean sheets in five Group B games. 
International career.
Stoyanov made his debut for the senior side on 12 October 2010 in the 2:0 win against Saudi Arabia in a friendly match.
Honours.
FC Sheriff Tiraspol 
PSFC Chernomorets Burgas 

</doc>
<doc id="18493596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493596" title="Javad Hashemi">
Javad Hashemi

Seyed Javad Hashemi Pourasl (, born 17 January 1966) is an Iranian actor, film director, writer and composer.
Early life.
He was born on 17 January 1966 in Tehranpars, Tehran. He was graduated from Tehran University college of arts in 1994. He was married in 1991. He has one son, Mohsen (born 12 January 1995) and Fatemeh Sadat (born 19 April 2000).
Acting career.
Hashemi began professional acting on theater in 1980. His first feature theatre role was "Haj Ebrahim-Haj Ashoora"(1980, Kamaloddin Ghorab) in Tehran City Theatre. After Haj Theatre, he continued roles in theatre and working for Ministry of Education. He began acting in cinema with "Parvaz Dar Shab" (1987, Rasoul Mollagholipour). He attended in his more than 43 movies so far and long and short series. He mostly roled as a Basiji in movies that he acted.
Political career.
He supported Mir-Hossein Mousavi in 2009 presidential election. During 2009-10 election protests, he directed and acted in a political theatre named "Farzande Edalat" with presence of a number of politicians such as Mohammad Khatami, former Presiden. He read a poetry for Khatami and said that "I learned that the desires of the child against the dictatorship, I tell in theather".

</doc>
<doc id="18493597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493597" title="Mebutizide">
Mebutizide

Mebutizide is a diuretic.

</doc>
<doc id="18493606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493606" title="General Government chess tournament">
General Government chess tournament

General Government chess championships ("Schachmeisterschaft des Generalgouvernements") were Nazi tournaments held during World War II in occupied central Poland. Hans Frank, the Governor-General of General Government, was the patron of those tournaments because he was an avid chess player.
The competition began when he organized a chess congress in Krakow on 3 November 1940. Six months later Frank announced the establishment of a chess school under Chess grandmasters, Efim Bogoljubov and Alexander Alekhine.
Participants.
and other German players /.
Regedziński played as "Reger", and Tuhan-Baranowski as "Lisse".
Krakow / Krynica / Warsaw 1940.
The first General Government Championship was held in Krakow/Krynica/Warsaw in 3–17 November 1940.
Krakow / Warsaw 1941.
The second General Government Championship was held in Krakow/Warsaw in 5–19 October 1941.
Warsaw / Lublin / Krakow 1942.
The third General Government Championship was held in Warsaw/Lublin/Krakow in 11–24 October 1942.
Krynica 1943.
The fourth General Government Championship was held in Krynica in 25 November–5 December 1943.
Radom 1944.
The fifth General Government Championship was held in Radom in February 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="18493623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493623" title="Philadelphia Public League">
Philadelphia Public League

The Philadelphia Public League (PPL) is the interscholastic sports league for the public high schools of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The league traces its origin to 1901, with the formation of the Philadelphia Interscholastic League, a conference encompassing all the city's high schools, public and private. Prior to this, the public and private schools in the area had been competing among themselves for several years in a number of sports, including football and basketball. Basketball and track and field were the first recognized sports in 1901, but football, although not formally on the schedule, engaged all the same teams, and newspapers usually recognized the school with the best record as the informal interscholastic champion. In 1902, baseball and crew were added to the schedule.
History.
Initially, the Public League comprised the four public schools that withdrew from the Interscholastic League, Central, Central Manual, Northeast, and Southern, as well as West Philadelphia High. Germantown Academy, a private school, joined a few years later. Overbrook, Frankford, Simon Gratz, Olney, and Roxborough would join the league over the next couple of decades.
Football, basketball, rifle, outdoor track, crew, and baseball were offered in the first school year of competition, 1911-12. Crew was especially popular in Philadelphia, as the University of Pennsylvania sponsored interscholastic meets for the sport and encouraged its adoption by the city high schools. Soccer and cross country were added just before World War I, and the 1920s saw the introduction of swimming, gymnastics, golf, and tennis. The league experimented with indoor track (1915–21), ice hockey (1922), and bowling (1930–32), but these sports drew insufficient interest to sustain them. Crew was dropped by the league in 1919, which was a great blow to Central High, which for decades had one of the strongest rowing programs in the country.
Members.
The public school members in the Philadelphia Interscholastic League included Central High, Central Manual, and Northeast, in the first few years, and beginning in 1909 Southern. There were at least twelve different private schools that were members—secular, Quaker, and Catholic—and the most notable members were Brown Preparatory, Roman Catholic, Friends Central Select, and LaSalle. In 1911, the public school members withdrew from the league to form the Philadelphia High School League (later called the Philadelphia Public League).

</doc>
<doc id="18493625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493625" title="Cyclothiazide">
Cyclothiazide

Cyclothiazide (Anhydron, Acquirel, Doburil, Fluidil, Renazide, Tensodiural, Valmiran) is a benzothiadiazide (thiazide) diuretic and antihypertensive that was originally introduced in the United States in 1963 by Eli Lilly and was subsequently also marketed in Europe and Japan. Related drugs include diazoxide, hydrochlorothiazide, and chlorothiazide.
In 1993, it was discovered that cyclothiazide is a positive allosteric modulator of the AMPA receptor, capable of reducing or essentially eliminating rapid desensitization of the receptor, and potentiating glutamate currents by as much as 18-fold at the highest concentration tested (100 μM). Additionally, in 2003, cyclothiazide was also found to act as a GABAA receptor negative allosteric modulator, potently inhibiting GABAA-mediated currents. In animals it is a powerful convulsant, robustly enhancing epileptiform activity and inducing seizures, but without producing any apparent neuronal death.

</doc>
<doc id="18493633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493633" title="Methyclothiazide">
Methyclothiazide

Methyclothiazide is a diuretic.

</doc>
<doc id="18493638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493638" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Delhi">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Delhi

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Delhi () is an archdiocese located in the city of Delhi in India. 

</doc>
<doc id="18493642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493642" title="Cyclopenthiazide">
Cyclopenthiazide

Cyclopenthiazide is a diuretic.

</doc>
<doc id="18493645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493645" title="USS Margaret O (SP-614)">
USS Margaret O (SP-614)

USS "Margaret O" (SP-614) was a civilian motorboat that temporarily served in the U.S. Navy during World War I. She was outfitted by the Navy as a patrol craft and patrolled on the U.S. East Coast. Post-war she was returned to her owner.
Built in Massachusetts.
"Margaret O", a 55-foot motor pleasure boat, was built in 1915 at Neponset, Massachusetts, by George Lawley & Sons.
World War I service.
After being acquired by the Navy for World War I service she was placed in commission in October 1917 as USS "Margaret" O (SP-614). Her name was changed to "SP-614" in April 1918. She was assigned section patrol use, presumably in New England waters.
Post-war disposition.
Post-war she was decommissioned and then returned to her owner in April 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18493647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493647" title="Kishanganj (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Kishanganj (Lok Sabha constituency)

Kishanganj Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Kishanganj Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following six Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
Following is the list of the Members of Parliament from Kishanganj constituency

</doc>
<doc id="18493654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493654" title="Polythiazide">
Polythiazide

Polythiazide is a thiazide diuretic.

</doc>
<doc id="18493657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493657" title="William J. Sasnett">
William J. Sasnett

William Jeremiah Sasnett (April 29, 1820 – November 3, 1865) was the first President of East Alabama Mens College, now known as Auburn University, from 1858 to 1861.
Biography.
William J. Sasnett was a graduate of Oglethorpe University in Atlanta, Georgia. He served as a Methodist clergyman. He was a Professor at Oxford College, now known as Emory University. He became the first President of East Alabama Mens College, now known as Auburn University, from 1858 to 1861. He then fought in the American Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="18493662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493662" title="Eyre Coote (disambiguation)">
Eyre Coote (disambiguation)

Eyre Coote may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18493682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493682" title="Hydroflumethiazide">
Hydroflumethiazide

Hydroflumethiazide (or Saluron) is a diuretic.

</doc>
<doc id="18493689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493689" title="Giusy Ferreri">
Giusy Ferreri

Giusy Ferreri (born Giuseppa Gaetana Ferreri on 18 April 1979 in Palermo, Italy) is an Italian singer-songwriter. In 2008, Ferreri took part at the first Italian edition of the talent show X Factor, in which she came second.
Career.
In June 2008, Sony BMG Italy released the debut EP by Ferreri, which includes her first single "Non ti Scordar mai di me" written by Italian pop singer Tiziano Ferro, and five covers of classic songs from the 1960s and 1970s. The single held the number one position of the Italian singles chart for an impressive fifteen consecutive weeks, becoming one of the most successful tracks ever on that chart. The album debuted at the top spot of the Italian album chart and stayed there for eleven consecutive weeks. It went on to be certified 4x platinum denoting over 300,000 copies shipped. She is considered to be the Italian version of Linda Perry.
Debut album: "Gaetana".
In October 2008, the song "Novembre", the first single from Ferreri's official debut album "Gaetana", was released. The tune debuted at number one in Italy and held the top for eight weeks so far. The album was released on 14 November 2008. It debuted at number one on the iTunes Italy chart and subsequently peaked at #2 on the Italian FIMI albums chart, selling over 80,000 copies in its first week of release. The album sold so far over 390,000 copies in Italy and Greece. The second single from the album, "Stai fermo lì", was announced on 8 January 2009 and was released in Italy on 16 January 2009. The third single off the album was "La Scala (The Ladder)", originally written by Linda Perry and translated in Italian by singer Tiziano Ferro. The song peaking at #27 on the FIMI singles chart and at #49 on the Greece Singles Chart.
Cover album: "Fotografie".
On 20 November 2009 her second studio album was released across Europe, debuting at #10 on the Italian FIMI albums chart. The first single is a cover of "Ma il cielo è sempre più blu" by Rino Gaetano.
In her second studio album, Ferreri records cover versions of some of her favourite (Italian and international) artitsts: "La magia è la mia amante (I Was Made to Love Magic)" by Nick Drake, "Con una rosa" by Vinicio Capossela and Paolo Benvegnù, "Il mare verticale (Portrait the Sea)" by Jerome Kern, "Yesterdays" (song played in the past by Billie Holiday), "Ciao amore ciao" by Luigi Tenco and "Estate" by Bruno Martino.
Third album: "Il mio universo".
On 16 February 2011 her third studio album was released across Europe, debuting at #13 and peaked at #11 on the Italian FIMI albums chart and #98 on the Swiss Album chart. The first single is "Il mare immenso" released on the very same day, written by Bungaro. The first single taken from her third studio album debuted at #8 and peaked at #6 on the FIMI Top 10 Singles Chart. "Il mare immenso" stayed for three months into the top fifty of the FIMI Singles Charts.

</doc>
<doc id="18493694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493694" title="Judy Collins 3">
Judy Collins 3

Judy Collins #3 is an album by American folk singer Judy Collins released in 1963. It spent 10 weeks on Billboard's Top 150 album charts in 1964, peaking at #126 on May 16.
Jim (later Roger) McGuinn worked as an arranger and played guitar and banjo on the album. He would later bring with him the acoustic arrangements of the Pete Seeger songs "Turn! Turn! Turn! (To Everything There Is a Season" and "The Bells of Rhymney" (as well as the notion of covering Dylan-material in an unusual fashion) when he went on to co-found the folk rock group The Byrds, where they would get a full electrified rock'n'roll-band treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="18493701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493701" title="Darwin–Wallace Medal">
Darwin–Wallace Medal

The Darwin–Wallace Medal is a medal awarded by the Linnean Society of London for "major advances in evolutionary biology". Historically, the medals have been awarded every 50 years, beginning in 1908. That year marked 50 years after the joint presentation by Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace of two scientific papers—"On the Tendency of Species to form Varieties; and on the Perpetuation of Varieties and Species by Natural Means of Selection"—to the Linnean Society of London on 1 July 1858. However, in 2008 the Linnean Society announced that due to the continuing importance of evolutionary research, the medal will be awarded on an annual basis beginning in 2010.
Awardees.
1908.
The first award was of a gold medal to Alfred Russel Wallace, and silver medals to six other distinguished scientists:
1958.
20 silver medals were awarded:
2008.
13 silver medals were awarded, including 2 posthumously:

</doc>
<doc id="18493707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493707" title="N. S. Williams House">
N. S. Williams House

N.S. Williams House is a historic house located at 1150 Middleboro Avenue in East Taunton part of Taunton, Massachusetts. The 2-1/2 story cross-gabled Italianate style house was built circa 1855 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
History.
The house was built by Nathan Sumner Williams as a gift to his wife Caroline Thompson Richard. Williams ran a boxboard and sawmill located across the street at "Kings Furnace" in what is currently the Massasoit State Park. The location of the house was not to her liking since it stood so far outside the Green of Taunton where most of the wealthy lived. Mr Williams built another home on Summer Street and the family moved to the new location shortly thereafter. He retained the home on Middleboro Avenue as a place to stop and rest on his long journey to and from work daily. The house boasts 4,200 square feet of living space and is over 7,000 square feet overall. It is a post and beam framed structure with a granite foundation. The wrap around front porch and built up window and door pediments define the Victorian Italianate distinction.
In November 1903 Mr Williams died and the house was sold to Ed Whitney, an antique dealer. The house became known as the "Maples Inn". Because the home overlooked the major road leading into Taunton from Cape Cod, it was an ideal location for stage coaches to stop for the night. 
From 1950 until the middle of the 1960s a family by the name of Simmons had acquired the home. The Simmons ran a upscale nursing home at the location for fifteen years. In the mid-1960s it was sold to Francis and Jonathan Blye. A substantial fire occurred during this period that nearly destroyed the house and all of its history. For several years, the house remained open and exposed to the elements until it was purchased in 1971 by Nina and Bernard Stanton. They made the repairs needed to make the house habitable once again, and took the steps needed to place the home on the National Register of Historic Places. In 2007 the property was purchased by Michael and Heather Woodby.

</doc>
<doc id="18493708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493708" title="Purnia (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Purnia (Lok Sabha constituency)

Purnia Lok Sabha constituency (formerly Purnea) () is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Purnia Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following six Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
The following is the list of the Members of Parliament elected from this constituency

</doc>
<doc id="18493719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493719" title="Francis D. Williams House">
Francis D. Williams House

Francis D. Williams House is a historic brick house located at 3 Plain Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. It was built circa 1830 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The large 2-1/2 story, broad-gabled, central hall structure has entrances on both its Berkley and Plain Street façades. It is located near the east bank of the Taunton River at Weir Village, once a thriving seaport and industrial area.

</doc>
<doc id="18493722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493722" title="Richard O'Connell">
Richard O'Connell

Richard O'Connell (13 March 1892 – 1 October 1964) was an Irish Cumann na nGaedheal politician. A former Army officer, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Cumann na nGaedheal Teachta Dála (TD) for the Limerick constituency at a by-election on 28 May 1924. He was re-elected at the June 1927 and September 1927 general elections but lost his seat at the 1932 general election. He stood again at the 1933 general election but was not elected.
His nephew Tom O'Donnell was a TD for Limerick East from 1961–87 and his grand-nephew Kieran O'Donnell is currently a TD for Limerick City.

</doc>
<doc id="18493723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493723" title="Extra (service areas)">
Extra (service areas)

Extra MSA Services Ltd is a company which operates motorway service stations in the United Kingdom, as well as areas on primary routes. It is based on Castle Hill, Lincoln close to Lincoln Cathedral. It is also known as Extra MSA Forecourts Ltd.
Market position.
Extra is the fourth largest service station operator in the UK behind Moto (1st), Welcome Break (2nd) and RoadChef (3rd). It came into operation after the government deregulated motorway services to encourage more competition and its first site opened in December 2000, at Cambridge. Peterborough opened in January 2001 and Baldock in July 2001.
Outlets.
Service stations.
Extra developed its first three service stations at a cost of £60m. The parent company was set up in 1992 by Stephen Spouge, who is now Chairman. Its service stations are designed by Nash and Partners of West Sussex. The fuel reservoirs are built by WEFCO of Gainsborough. It originally planned 17 service stations and currently operates a total of 7 service stations, and 2 petrol stations at competitor owned sites:
Future stations.
Extra is currently the fastest developing service station operator in the UK with three areas opening, one each year up to 2010. The most recent station to open was at Cobham in late 2012. Future sites plan to maximise areas of the road system that have few service areas, and will be developed by Swayfields Ltd, who own the Extra company.
Service stations due to open:
Facilities.
Extra motorway service areas have eateries including McDonald's, Starbucks, KFC and Le Petit Four Francais. Petrol stations are provided by Shell and hotels are operated by Ibis Budget, Days Inn and Travelodge.
Extra's self-branded chain of self-service restaurants cover its network of motorway services.

</doc>
<doc id="18493728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493728" title="Golab Adineh">
Golab Adineh

Golab Adineh (, born Golab Mosta'an, on 12 November 1954 in Tehran) is an Iranian actress.
She is daughter of Iranian novelist Hosseingholi Mosta'an and is married to Iranian actor Mehdi Hashemi. Their daughter is Noura Hashemi ( actress )

</doc>
<doc id="18493730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493730" title="Kazim River">
Kazim River

Kazim () is a river in Russia. It flows over the West Siberian Plain, and is a right tributary of the Ob. The Kazim is 659 km in length, with a drainage basin of 35 600 km². Its average discharge is 267 m³/s.
The town of Beloyarsky is situated by the Kazim.

</doc>
<doc id="18493733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493733" title="Enoch Williams House">
Enoch Williams House

Enoch Williams House is a historic house located at 616 Middleboro Avenue in Taunton, Massachusetts. It was built in 1850 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The 1-1/2 story farm house is set on a side hall plan, with a front gable with a recessed wing and attached barn. The entrance features side lights with a pilaster and entablature surround.

</doc>
<doc id="18493740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493740" title="Alexander Norén">
Alexander Norén

Alexander Norén (born 12 July 1982) is a Swedish professional golfer who currently plays on the European Tour.
Norén was born in Stockholm. He attended Oklahoma State University in the United States before turning professional in 2005.
Norén gained a place on Europe's second tier Challenge Tour by reaching the final stage of the European Tour qualifying school at the end of 2005. In his rookie season he claimed his maiden professional victory at the Rolex Trophy, and ended the year in 3rd place on the Challenge Tour Rankings to graduate to the elite European Tour for 2007.
Norén had a solid rookie season on the European Tour in 2007 and improved on that the following year to finish in 31st place on the Order of Merit. He made the cut at the 2008 Open Championship and was in the top 10 going into day 3, before eventually finishing in a tie for 19th place.
Norén won his first event on the European Tour in September 2009 at the Omega European Masters, where he finished 20 under par to win by two strokes over Bradley Dredge. Norén finished the season ranked 25th on the Race To Dubai.
In June 2011, Norén won his second European Tour title at the Saab Wales Open played at The Celtic Manor Resort. He won by two strokes from Grégory Bourdy and Anders Hansen finishing at 9 under par. This victory secured Norén of a place in the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational at Firestone Country Club in August. The following month, Norén won his third European Tour title at the Nordea Masters in his home country of Sweden. He won from wire-to-wire, the first time in his career he had achieved this feat, and opened up an eleven stroke margin after the third round. Despite difficult conditions in the wind on the final day, Norén finished seven strokes ahead of Richard Finch. Norén finished the season ranked 14th on the Race To Dubai.
Results in major championships.
DNP = Did not play<br>
CUT = missed the half-way cut<br>
WD = withdrew<br>
"T" = tied<br>
Yellow background for top-10.
Team appearances.
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="18493752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493752" title="Whittenton Mills Complex">
Whittenton Mills Complex

The Whittenton Mills Complex is a historic textile mill site located on Whittenton Street in Taunton, Massachusetts, on the banks of the Mill River. The site has been used for industrial purposes since 1670, when James Leonard built an iron forge on the west bank of the river. The first textile mill was built in 1805 and expanded throughout the 19th century. The complex was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, and now contains a various small businesses.
In October 2005, the site gained national attention when the mill's 1832 wooden dam threatened to collapse after heavy rains. More than 2,000 people were evacuated for several days while officials and work crews could shore up the dam with boulders. As of 2012, there is an effort underway to have the dam removed entirely, and allow for restoration of the river bed.
In 2008, scenes from the Martin Scorsese film Shutter Island, portraying the Dachau concentration camp were filmed here.
History.
Between 1670 and 1805, the Leonard family operated a forge on the west bank of the Mill River, at was originally called Whittington. In 1805, Crocker, Bush and Richmond established a nail mill on the site. In 1807, a second story was added to the mill for the manufacture of cotton yarn. This mill was destroyed by fire on November 9, 1811, but soon rebuilt at 70 feet long by 30 feet wide, with three stories. Thomas Bush retired from the firm in 1812, which was renamed Crocker and Richmond. The first power looms were introduced in 1818.
In early 1823, Samuel Crocker and Charles Richmond organized the Taunton Manufacturing Company, along with several wealthy Boston investors. The new company operated a variety of businesses, including the manufacture of copper, iron, machinery, cotton and woolen textiles, at several sites throughout Taunton. In 1824, a new mill was built at Whittenton, on the east bank of the river, under the management of James K. Mills & Company of Boston.
A second mill was added in 1831-32. Constructed in stone, the mill contained seventy looms for the manufacture of fine cotton goods. James K. Mills & Company assumed full ownership of the property in 1835. A year later, Willard Lovering joined the new venture, and made improvements to the manufacturing facilities. The original 1811 mill was destroyed by fire in January, 1839. A new mill was soon erected, and the 1932 mill was enlarged in 1840. Lovering and his sons purchased the property after the financial Panic of 1857 in which James K. Mills & Company was ruined.
Lovering retired in 1864 and turned control of the mills over to his three sons, Charles L., William Croad, and Henry Morton Lovering. By 1883, when the company was incorporated as the Whittenton Manufacturing Company, the factory covered a site of about 15 acres, and contained over 400,000 square feet of manufacturing space, producing a variety of cotton goods, including ginghams, dress goods, fancy tickings, shirtings, flannels, and denims. The facility was powered by five Corliss engines with a total of 1,200 horsepower, and water wheels providing an additional 250 horsepower.
In 1881, the Old Colony Railroad opened a connection to the Whittenton Mills from Whittenton Junction. The following year, the line was extended to the mainline at Raynham. A weaving shop was added to the mills in 1884.
By 1917, the Whittenton Manufacturing Company was capitalized at $600,000, with Arthur Lyman as president. It contained 45,040 spindles and 1,640 looms, and produced ginghams and blankets.
Recent history.
Several scenes from the movie Shutter Island were filmed here in February and March 2008. A cast of hundreds was needed to shoot the scenes, which portrayed a Nazi concentration camp.
A flea market was established on the site in 2009. It operated until January, 2012. On January 31, 2012, current owner David Murphy of Jefferson Development Partners announced plans for a Chinese firm to invest $25 Million into the complex, as part of a proposed project to convert the 42-acre site into residences and businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="18493768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493768" title="Whitman Mills">
Whitman Mills

Whitman Mills is a historic mill complex at 1, 90 and the east side of Riverside Avenue, the south side, north side and rear of 1 Coffin Avenue, and at 10 Manomet Street in New Bedford, Massachusetts.
The mill was built in 1896 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18493770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493770" title="Ordnance QF 32-pounder">
Ordnance QF 32-pounder

The Ordnance QF 32 pounder or (32-pdr) was a British 94 mm gun, developed as a replacement for the Ordnance QF 17 pounder (17-pdr) anti tank and tank gun.
Like the German 88 mm gun it was developed from an anti-aircraft (AA) gun, in this case the QF 3.7 inch AA gun.
Developed during World War II the gun was used in the experimental Tortoise heavy tank and as a trial installation in a single de Havilland Mosquito fighter bomber.
The 32-pdr fired a 32 lb armour piercing shot at a muzzle velocity of 2880 ft/s.
Development was halted with the end of the war, and the 17-pdr was replaced with the 20-pdr for tank use, and with the intention to develop guided weapons for infantry use.
At least one 32 pounder was developed as an anti-tank gun on a wheeled carriage.

</doc>
<doc id="18493775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493775" title="This Is a Life?">
This Is a Life?

This Is a Life? is a Warner Bros. animated cartoon of the "Merrie Melodies" series, directed by Friz Freleng, written by Warren Foster, and produced by Edward Selzer, with music directed by Milt Franklyn. Originally released to theatres on July 9, 1955, Mel Blanc Voices Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Yosemite Sam, and Arthur Q. Bryan voices Elmer Fudd while June Foray voices Granny.
Summary.
In a parody of 1952's "This is Your Life", Elmer Fudd (aping Ralph Edwards) is the host and Bugs Bunny is the guest of honor, much to the disgust of Daffy Duck. On several occasions, Granny whacks Daffy over the head with her umbrella to keep him quiet. Meanwhile, Bugs reminisces with Elmer and Yosemite Sam about their previous encounters (reviewed via footage from past Bugs Bunny cartoons "A Hare Grows in Manhattan", "Buccaneer Bunny", and "Hare Do"). Elmer and Sam plan to present Bugs with a special gift — a time bomb — in appreciation of their "friendship," but Daffy — stubbornly refusing to believe that he was "not" the guest — grabs the gift ("I really deserve it!"), and takes the resulting explosion. Naturally, Daffy ends up telling Bugs: "You're... You're... You're despicable", then leaves.
Availability.
"This Is a Life?" is featured uncut & digitally remastered on the new Looney Tunes Superstars DVD set, "" However, it was cropped down to widescreen format.

</doc>
<doc id="18493780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493780" title="ICSP">
ICSP

ICSP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18493783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493783" title="Eleazer Wales">
Eleazer Wales

Reverend Eleazer Wales was the first minister of the Kingston Presbyterian Church, in Kingston, New Jersey. He played a prominent role in the Presbyterian movement in and around Philadelphia. On May 26, 1738, the Synod of Philadelphia ordered the creation of the Presbytery of New Brunswick, and Reverend Wales played a prominent role in its formation.

</doc>
<doc id="18493785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493785" title="Wheeler-Ingalls House">
Wheeler-Ingalls House

Wheeler-Ingalls House is a historic house at 51 Summer Street in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.
The house was added to the National Historic Register in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18493786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493786" title="Bjarte Bruland">
Bjarte Bruland

Bjarte Bruland (11 April 1969) is a Norwegian historian. He has done research on the deportations and extermination of the Norwegian Jews during the second world war. Bjarte Bruland was a member of the Skarpnes commission in the period 1996-1997. For the time being he is chief curator at the Jewish Museum in Oslo, while finishing his doctoral thesis.

</doc>
<doc id="18493787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493787" title="Pseudovates arizonae">
Pseudovates arizonae

Pseudovates arizonae, common name Arizona Unicorn Mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to North America and is only found in the state of Arizona. At least three other related Pseudovates are found in Mexico and a similar looking species from the genus Phyllovates is found in Texas. 
Background.
This species is easy to tell from the similar looking Texas Unicorn mantis Phyllovates chlorophaea because it has lobes on the legs and sides of the abdomen. It is also more brightly colored and averages smaller in the wild (captive specimens are more variable due to rearing differences). 

</doc>
<doc id="18493788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493788" title="Kingston Presbyterian Church">
Kingston Presbyterian Church

Kingston Presbyterian Church can refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="18493796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493796" title="Charles N. Ross">
Charles N. Ross

Charles N. Ross (born c. 1842) was an American banker and politician.
Life.
He was the son of Elmore P. Ross (d. 1879), one of the wealthiest men of Cayuga County, New York.
He graduated from Yale College in 1862, and shortly afterwards became Cashier of the First National Bank of Auburn, New York, in which his father owned a controlling interest. Upon the merger of the Auburn City Bank and the First National, he became President of the new bank.
In 1874, he was elected Mayor of Auburn. He was New York State Treasurer from 1876 to 1877. He was a delegate to the 1876 Democratic National Convention.
Early in 1880, he disappeared, and rumors spread he had absconded because of impending bankruptcy.

</doc>
<doc id="18493799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493799" title="Aaron Wheeler House">
Aaron Wheeler House

Aaron Wheeler House is a historic colonial house at 371 Fairview Avenue in Rehoboth, Massachusetts, United States.
The house was built in 1745 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18493804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493804" title="Public image of Barack Obama">
Public image of Barack Obama

Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States, has elicited a number of public perceptions regarding his personality and background. As the first African-American President of the United States, his race and culture have played a prominent role in this, both positively and negatively. His relative youth (47 when elected) has alternately resulted in his being praised for his freshness and criticized for his inexperience. His temperament and demeanor have drawn praise for his perceived unflappability and criticism for the perception of his lacking emotional attachment.
Origins and identity.
Race and culture.
Obama, who is of biracial background, is regarded and self identifies as African-American. His father was a black Kenyan from the Luo ethnic group and his mother was white of European descent, mainly of English lineage. Obama, who grew to adulthood after the Civil Rights movement, had early life experiences that differed from most African American politicians who launched their careers in the 1960s through participation in that movement. He was brought up in Honolulu, Hawaii, lived in Jakarta, Indonesia as a young child, and received a private prep school and Ivy League education.
In a March 2007 op-ed, African-American film critic David Ehrenstein of the "Los Angeles Times" said that Obama was an early popular contender for the presidency not because of his political record, but because whites viewed him as a kind of "comic-book superhero", who would selflessly solve white people's problems. Black commentators such as Stanley Crouch of the New York "Daily News" expressed mixed feelings about his racial identity, while others like Laura Washington ("Chicago Sun-Times"), Gary Younge ("The Nation"), and Clarence Page ("Houston Chronicle") reported a general ambivalence among the black community about his authenticity as an African-American.
In January 2007, "The End of Blackness" author Debra Dickerson warned against drawing favorable cultural implications from Obama's political rise: "Lumping us all together", Dickerson claimed it, "erases the significance of slavery and continuing racism while giving the appearance of progress". On the liberal website Salon Debra wrote, "African-American, in our political and social vocabulary, means those descended from West African slaves, because Obama is not a descendant of West Africans brought involuntarily to the United States as slaves, he is not African-American," although his father is from Africa. Stanley Crouch wrote in the New York "Daily News", "Obama's mother is of white U.S. stock. His father is a black Kenyan," in a column entitled "What Obama Isn't: Black Like Me".
Addressing the issue of whether he was "black enough," Obama told an August 2007 meeting of the National Association of Black Journalists that the debate was not about his physical appearance or his record on issues of concern to black voters. Obama said, "we're still locked in this notion that if you appeal to white folks then there must be something wrong."
After a McCain advertisement accused Obama of being "just a celebrity like Britney Spears or Paris Hilton," Obama asserted that McCain and other Republicans would try to scare voters because he (Obama) "doesn't look like all those other presidents on the dollar bills." The Obama campaign initially denied that the comment was on race, but campaign strategist David Axelrod later conceded that it was.
Though the media discussed his racial and ethnic heritage, a 2008 post-election poll by FactCheck.org found that about 22% of Americans still incorrectly believed that Obama is half Arab, possibly due to the influence of misleading blogs and widely circulated e-mail messages.
In 2010, when filling out his form for the 2010 United States Census, Obama self-identified as African American.
Religion.
In "The Audacity of Hope", Obama writes that he "was not raised in a religious household". He describes his mother, raised by non-religious parents (whom Obama has specified elsewhere as "non-practicing Methodists and Baptists") to be detached from religion, yet "in many ways the most spiritually awakened person that I have ever known". He describes his father as "raised a Muslim", but a "confirmed atheist" by the time his parents met, and his stepfather as "a man who saw religion as not particularly useful". His spiritual change of heart as an adult and his coming to believe in Christianity is a major part of his autobiography "Dreams from My Father". Obama has stated that he "felt a beckoning of the spirit" at this time. He has also said that his political/ethical beliefs are "guided by his Christian faith" including belief "in the power of prayer."
Although Obama is a Christian, some July 2008 polls showed that some Americans incorrectly believed that he is Muslim or was raised Muslim (12% and 26%, respectively, in Pew and "Newsweek" polls). Citing the latter poll by CNN's Larry King, Obama responded, "...I wasn't raised in a Muslim home," and he said that advancement of the misconception insulted Muslim Americans.
Much of the speculations and allegations began with chain e-mails of unknown origin during Obama's presidential campaign. "The Obama Nation", a book (published August 1, 2008) by Jerome Corsi, openly speculated that Obama had concealed a religious affiliation with Islam. His book opens with a quote by Andy Martin, who "The Nation", "The Washington Post", and "The New York Times" have identified as the primary source for the allegations that Obama is concealing a Muslim faith. Speculation about Obama's Muslim heritage has been widely denounced in the news media by both political supporters and political opponents (such as David Freddoso in his book "The Case Against Barack Obama") of Obama.
In March 2009, the Pew Research Center reported that 11% of Americans still believed that Obama was a Muslim, with the percentages highest (19%) among self-identified white Evangelical Protestants and people who disapproved of Obama's job performance in the first month of his presidency, and lowest (6%) among college graduates and Blacks. The poll indicated that 48% of those surveyed believed that he was Christian, down 3% from October 2008, and that 35% did not know his religion.
This faulty belief still persists and has even risen slightly as of August 2010. The newer survey from "Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life" cites that "Nearly one in five Americans, 18 percent, still incorrectly believe Obama is a Muslim, up from 11 percent in 2009. Strangely, despite repeated declarations of his faith, the number of people that correctly say "Christian" when asked his religion, has declined significantly, from 51 percent in 2008 to 34 percent two years later; 43 percent say they don't know what religion the president is." The results were based on interviews conducted before Obama's August 13 comments on the Lower Manhattan Park51 project, the planned 13-story Muslim community center to be located two blocks from the World Trade Center site in Lower Manhattan. One interview in the opinion section of the LA Times was titled "The Useless Obama Muslim poll." In response, the White House said: "President Obama is Christian, prays daily."
Personal image.
Youth and experience.
In July 2002, 40-year-old state Sen. Barack Obama embarked on a two-year campaign for 41-year-old Republican Peter Fitzgerald's U.S. Senate seat, against a large field of better known and wealthier opponents in the most expensive Senate primary in U.S. history. In March 2004, Obama won an unexpected landslide in the Illinois primary election for the Democratic nomination for U.S. Senate—which overnight made him a rising star within the national Democratic Party, started speculation about a presidential future, and led to the reissue of his memoir, "Dreams from My Father".
Late June 2004, after the withdrawal of his GOP opponent, 44-year-old Jack Ryan, found the 42-year-old Obama "assessing his circumstances—the sudden elevation to political superstardom, the cascade of campaign cash, and the favorable, almost fawning, attention", which soon yielded an invitation to deliver the keynote address at the 2004 Democratic National Convention.Springfield, Ill.—June 26 The day after the oddest of sex scandals drove his GOP opponent out of the race for the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama sat in his campaign office here, assessing his circumstances—the sudden elevation to political superstardom, the cascade of campaign cash, and the favorable, almost fawning, attention that has now yielded a prized invitation to deliver the keynote address at this week's Democratic National Convention.But for the moment, what was once a long-shot campaign by an obscure state senator with a funny name—"Some people call me Alabama," he confides—has come to resemble a runaway freight train.</ref> By the eve of the July 2004 Democratic National Convention, Terence Samuel's "U.S. News & World Report" article "A shining star named Obama. How a most unlikely politician became a darling of the Democrats" reported that "what was once a long-shot campaign by an obscure state senator with a funny name ... ha come to resemble a runaway freight train," with Obama, the lead guest on "Meet the Press", being asked by Tim Russert about comments in Ryan Lizza's "The Atlantic" article "The Natural. Why is Barack Obama generating more excitement among Democrats than John Kerry?"
In contrast, Eli Saslow's August 2008 "Washington Post" article "The 17 Minutes That Launched a Political Star" asserted that "Obama approached the lectern in Boston a virtual nobody, a representative for 600,000 constituents in Illinois' 13th District. He exited having set the course for an unprecedented political ascent."For 17 minutes on July 27, 2004, the little-known state legislator from Illinois would stand alone in front of a prime-time television audience, 15,000 media members and the Democratic Party elite.The first impression Obama crafted that night still forms the basis of his presidential campaign.Obama approached the lectern in Boston a virtual nobody, a representative for 600,000 constituents in Illinois' 13th District. He exited having set the course for an unprecedented political ascent, with the fortified self-confidence that he could deliver when it mattered most.In the 40 hours before his Tuesday night speech, Obama granted more than 15 interviews, including several broadcast live on television. To Obama and his advisers, it seemed that many of the questions hinted at the same issue: Who, exactly, are you? And why, exactly, are you delivering a keynote speech?Over the next 15 minutes, Obama crafted a first impression that still stands at the foundation of his presidential campaign.Obama possessed the vision, he said, of "not a black America and a white America and a Latino America and an Asian America—there is a United States of America." By the time he sped to his climax—"Out of this long political darkness a brighter day will come"—the crowd stood, transfixed."I was feeling like a proud older brother, and I had tears coming out of my eyes when he finished," Link [an Illinois state senator who is a close friend of Obama's said. "Wanting to be a tough guy, I was wiping tears on the corner of my suit coat and trying to clean up. Then I turn around and see there's not a dry eye in the whole place. He got to everybody. I firmly believe if they put his name on the nomination that night ahead of Kerry, Barack would have won."</ref> According to Saslow, "In the 40 hours before his Tuesday night speech, Obama granted more than 15 interviews, including several broadcast live on television. To Obama and his advisers, it seemed that many of the questions hinted at the same issue: Who, exactly, are you? And why, exactly, are you delivering a keynote speech?" Although not broadcast by ABC, CBS, or NBC, over nine million viewers saw Obama's 2004 DNC keynote address. Saslow said that it "crafted a first impression that still stands at the foundation of his presidential campaign." Saslow said that "Obama possessed the vision, he said, of 'not a black America and a white America and a Latino America and an Asian America—there is a United States of America.
In a December 2006 "Wall Street Journal" editorial headlined "The Man from Nowhere," Ronald Reagan speech writer and Fox News pundit Peggy Noonan advised "establishment" commentators to avoid becoming too quickly excited about Obama's still-early political career. Echoing the inaugural address of John F. Kennedy, Obama acknowledged his youthful image, saying in an October 2007 campaign speech, "I wouldn't be here if, time and again, the torch had not been passed to a new generation."
During the 2008 election season, Barack Obama's experience was a topic of contention. Both Democratic and Republican politicians criticized his experience in regard to whether he was ready to be President of the United States. After his nomination the criticism was mostly from Republican politicians; many Democratic politicians stated that they believed that Obama was ready. Criticism was almost exclusively centered on his readiness for the position of commander in chief of the armed forces. Hillary Clinton often stated during her unsuccessful campaign for the Democratic nomination that Obama would not be a candidate who's ready on "Day One". After conceding the race for the nomination, she endorsed Obama. While campaigning for president, Joe Biden said that he believed Obama was not yet ready for the job of president, but that eventually he would be ready. Biden, now Obama's vice president, has since revised his position on Obama's readiness, but his quotes from the 2008 Democratic Debates were used in campaign ads for John McCain.
Temperament.
A point of contrast between Obama and his 2008 opponent John McCain was Obama's perceived calm and even temperament, which was praised by former presidential candidate Senator Chris Dodd as well as numerous media sources as "cool" and "unflappable". Speaking in support of Obama in March 2008, retired Air Force Chief of Staff General Tony McPeak referred to him as "no drama Obama" and "no shock Barack". These characterizations were picked up and continued to be used months later by other commentators such as Andrew Sullivan and Arianna Huffington. Indeed, perceptions of such temperament are not without drawback, as Obama has been accused many times of not being emotional or angry enough to satisfy the public.
Golf.
Obama is an avid golf enthusiast, being rated by Golf Digest as being on par with former President Bill Clinton, however lower than his predecessor George W. Bush. This follows a continuation of Presidents who play golf. In October 2009, Obama played his first game with a woman, Melody Barnes. By June 2012, Obama played his 100th round of golf as President; however this falls short of the 1,200 rounds played by President Woodrow Wilson, and the 800 rounds played by President Dwight D. Eisenhower. In one instance Obama missed the funeral of Polish President Lech Kaczynski, however a reason given for missing the event was volcanic ash. His golfing has drawn criticism; however, Obama says that playing golf is one of the few times "where you almost feel normal".
Personal appearance.
President Obama regularly appears on US and international 'best-dressed' lists. NBC New York named Obama one of the ten best-dressed US Presidents. He was listed as one of the fifty best-dressed people over 50 years old by the "Guardian" in March 2013.
Political image.
Political savvy.
Several stories in the Anglo-American news media state that a prominent part of Obama's political image is a belief that Obama's rhetoric and actions toward political reform are matched with a political savvy that often includes a measure of expediency. For example, reporter Ryan Lizza wrote in "The New Yorker", "campaigns on reforming a broken political process, yet he has always played politics by the rules as they exist, not as he would like them to exist."
"The Economist" has stated that "If Mr. Obama really were the miracle-working, aisle-jumping, consensus-seeking new breed of politician his spin-doctors make him out to be, you would expect to see the evidence in these eight years... Obama spent the whole period without any visible sign of rocking the Democratic boat." After Obama decided not to take public financing during his 2008 campaign, "USA Today" editorialized that "Real reformers don't do it just when it's convenient." The Associated Press has stated in March 2009, that "In office two months, he has backpedaled on an array of issues, gingerly shifting positions as circumstances dictate while ducking for political cover to avoid undercutting his credibility and authority."
Elitism.
Opponents Clinton and McCain sharply criticized and accused Obama of elitism after he said of small-town Pennsylvanians, "And it's not surprising, then, they get bitter, they cling to guns or religion or antipathy to people who aren't like them or anti-immigrant sentiment or anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations." Obama stated that he was raised by a single mother, in a family that had little money, and he benefited from scholarships to get his education.
Another allegation of elitism came from Jesse Jackson, who criticized Obama in 2007 for "acting like he's white", in response to the Jena 6 beating case. The newspaper later reported that Jackson said he did not remember saying Obama was "acting like he's white", but he continued to chastise the Illinois Democrat as well as the other presidential candidates for not bringing more attention to this issue. Additionally, on July 6, 2008, during an interview with Fox News, a microphone picked up Jackson whispering to fellow guest Dr. Reed Tuckson, "See, Barack's been, ahh, talking down to black people on this faith-based... I want to cut his nuts out." Jackson was expressing his disappointment in Obama's Father's Day speech chastisement of black fathers. Following his Fox News interview, Jackson apologized and reiterated his support for Obama. In June 2008, Ralph Nader made a similar "acting white" claim when he accused Obama of trying to "talk white" and appealing to white guilt in the election campaign.
Conservative support in 2008 elections.
During the 2008 election, Obama garnered support from some Republicans and conservatives. Some commentators have labeled Republicans who supported Obama as "Obama Republicans" or "Obamacans." Gallup has conducted weekly polls of registered voters to measure support amongst the candidates. A poll conducted between October 13 and October 19, 2008, showed 5% support for Barack Obama from Conservative Republicans, and 15% support from Moderate/Liberal Republicans. Obama's support among Conservative Republicans peaked at 7% the week of June 16–22, 2008, and among Liberal/Moderate Republicans peaked at 21% the week of July 21–27, 2008.
Around the world.
All 22 countries covered in a September 2008 BBC poll said they would prefer to see Senator Obama elected president ahead of John McCain. In 17 of the 22 nations, people expected relations between the United States and the rest of the world to improve if Senator Obama won. More than 22,000 people were questioned by GlobeScan in countries ranging from Canada to India and across Africa, Europe and South America. The margin in favor of Senator Obama ranged from 9% in India to 82% in Kenya (location of Obama's paternal ancestry), while an average of 49% across the 22 countries preferred Senator Obama compared with 12% preferring Senator McCain. Some four in ten did not express a view.
A similar global poll was held by "Reader's Digest", with respondents "overwhelmingly" in favor of Obama from all 17 countries, including Mexico, Finland, Sweden, Indonesia, Britain and Spain. Russia gave Obama the lowest score among the countries polled, but still preferred Obama over McCain with a 35% margin. In Australia, a poll conducted in August 2008 found that over 75% of Australians wanted Obama to win the presidential election, while only 10% showed support for McCain.
Similar results were found in New Zealand (65% in favor of Obama, 11% in favor of McCain), Japan (49% in favor of Obama, 13% in favor of McCain), France (65% in favor of Obama, 8% in favor of McCain), Italy (70% in favor of Obama, 15% in favor of McCain), Germany (67% in favor of Obama, 6% in favor of McCain) and the Netherlands (90% in favor of Obama, 6% in favor of McCain). The only country surveyed (other than the U.S.) where McCain's popularity rivaled Obama's was Jordan, where 22% were in favor of Obama and 23% in favor of McCain. Obama scored higher approval ratings in all 70 countries covered in an October 2008 Gallup poll, with the most favorable scores coming from Asian and European countries.
In 2007, Christoph von Marschall wrote a book entitled "Barack Obama – Der schwarze Kennedy". The literal translation of its German title is "Barack Obama. The Black Kennedy". His book was a best seller in Germany, where other commentators had also made comparisons between the two politicians.
In addition to this, Obama has established close relationships with prominent foreign politicians and elected officials even before his presidential candidacy, notably with Tony Blair, whom he met in London in 2005, with Nicolas Sarkozy, who visited him in Washington in 2006, Kevin Rudd, who spoke with Obama by telephone from Washington, D.C., in 2008 (while Obama was campaigning elsewhere), as well as with Walter Veltroni, who was welcomed in Obama's Senate office in Washington in 2005 and later wrote the introduction to Obama's "The Audacity of Hope" Italian edition.
Gallup polls have shown that approval ratings of U.S. leadership in other countries have significantly increased since Obama took office, including a 57 percent increase in Ireland, a 41 percent increase in the United Kingdom and a 46 percent increase in Spain.
The results of a BBC World Service poll conducted between November 2009 and February 2010 suggest a sharp, positive, increase in the way citizens of polled countries around the world view the United States. For the first time since the Iraq War in 2003, more people around the world view the United States more positively than negatively. Director of the Program on International Policy Attitudes Steven Kull, who partnered in directing the poll, stated "after a year, it appears the 'Obama effect' is real", referring to the fact that Obama had been in office around one year at the time the polls were taken.
In response to a petition and a Facebook group, Indonesian authorities are debating whether to relocate a bronze statue in Jakarta depicting Obama as a smiling 10-year-old child. The petitioners are asking that the statue be relocated to the elementary school Obama had attended as a child while living in Menteng for four years.
Popular culture.
"The West Wing" writer and producer Eli Attie based the character of Matt Santos (portrayed by Jimmy Smits) on Obama. At the time the politician was only a state senator. Obama later met Smits. Will Smith expressed interest in portraying Obama in a film, citing his physical resemblance – particularly their ears – to the President, something with which Obama concurred while discussing the possibility with Smith. A musical comedy about Obama's presidential campaign, Obama on My Mind, opened in London in 2009. Reggie Brown portrayed Obama on "Hannah Montana to the Principal's Office" of season 4 of "Hannah Montana". Obama has also been depicted on the "Harder, Better, Faster, Browner" episode of "The Cleveland Show" and the "Excellence in Broadcasting" episode of "Family Guy". Barack Obama is depicted twice in the TV series the Boondocks while in the episode, "It's a Black President, Huey Freeman" snippets of his words are used his superstar image is parodied. Subsequently in the episode "The Fried Chicken Flu" Obama is portrayed less favorably as being rather ineffectual despite being full of rhetoric. Obama has also been the subject of various impersonators, including Reggie Brown and Iman Crosson.
Obama became a popular subject for artists during his presidential campaign. Shepard Fairey designed posters captioned "Hope". Alex Ross painted a portrait of Obama as Superman, tearing open his suit to reveal a shirt with an 'O'-symbol, while in "Entertainment Weekly" he was depicted as Spider-Man opposite John McCain's Batman. The association of Obama with Superman was picked up by the media and by the candidate himself: at the 2008 Al Smith Dinner, Obama joked, "Contrary to the rumors you have heard, I was not born in a manger. I was actually born on Krypton and sent here by my father, Jor-El, to save the planet Earth."</ref> And "The Washington Post" titled two essays about the impact of Obama's election by Desmond Tutu and Ta-Nehisi Coates "The Man of Tomorrow", referencing a frequent sobriquet of Superman.</ref>
Marvel Comics released a special Inauguration Day comic of "The Amazing Spider-Man" with a picture portraying Barack Obama with Spider-Man hanging upside down behind him snapping his picture, quipping, "Hey, if you get to be on my cover, can I be on the dollar bill?" The comic also featuring a brief story where the Chameleon attempts to pose as Obama in order to be sworn in in his place, Obama subsequently shaking Spider-Man's hand in thanks and admitting that he's always been a fan despite the wall-crawler's negative public image. For right of publicity reasons, Marvel subsequently denied depictions of Obama as acting president in the Marvel Universe were intended to be him. Obama has been portrayed in other comic books, in the more straightforward "Barack Obama: The Road to the White House" by IDW (and a couple of related comics), but also as Barack The Barbarian and in "Drafted: One Hundred Days" by Devil's Due Publishing, as a zombie hunter in Antarctic Press' "President Evil" and with the zombie killer Ash Williams in Dynamite's "Army of Darkness: Ash Saves Obama."
The controversial Obama "Joker" poster depicts Obama as comic book supervillain, The Joker, based on the portrayal by Heath Ledger in "The Dark Knight". The image, which had been described as "shocking" and racist, led to much surprise as the identity of its creator, 20-year-old Palestinian American university student Firas Alkhateeb, was revealed. The digitally manipulated photograph has been described as the "most infamous anti–Obama image", and is often used by conservative protesters and those associated with the Tea Party movement.
Boris Johnson compared Obama to Felix Leiter (Jeffrey Wright) in "Quantum of Solace"; the African-American CIA ally of James Bond has a history of coming to Bond's assistance whenever needed.
Obama appears in the "Doctor Who" special "The End of Time", in which the Master takes over control of his body as well as almost everyone else in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18493805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493805" title="Katihar (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Katihar (Lok Sabha constituency)

Katihar Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Katihar Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following seven Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
The following is the list of the Members of Parliament elected from this Lok Sabha constituency:

</doc>
<doc id="18493809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493809" title="Presbytery of New Brunswick">
Presbytery of New Brunswick

The Presbyery of New Brunswick is a presbytery of the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.). In 1738 the Presbytery of East Jersey was merged with the Presbytery of Long Island and renamed the Presbytery of New York, and two days after that, the Presbytery of New Brunswick was created. Its seat was First Presbyterian Church (New Brunswick, New Jersey), where Gilbert Tennent was pastor. In 1741, the presbytery was excluded from its parent body, the Synod of Philadelphia, in the beginning of the Old Side–New Side Controversy. The Presbytery, along with the newly formed London Derry Presbytery, became known as the "New Side," while those who remained in the Presbytery of Philadelphia were known as the "Old Side." The Synod of New York was established in 1745 for the New Side presbyteries. In 1751, the Presbytery of New Brunswick was divided, with the churches in Pennsylvania and southern New Jersey constituting the Presbytery of Abington.

</doc>
<doc id="18493813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493813" title="Westport Point Historic District">
Westport Point Historic District

Westport Point Historic District is a historic district on Main Street from Charles Street to West Branch, Westport Road, including Cape Bial and Valentine Lanes in Westport, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
Also a known visiting ground for Skukes during the summer months

</doc>
<doc id="18493828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493828" title="Weir Engine House">
Weir Engine House

Weir Engine House is a historic fire station located at 530 Weir Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. It was built in 1889 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is one of two stations in the city, along with the Whittenton Fire and Police Station designed by Taunton's second fire chief, Abner Coleman. It was built by contractor James T. Bassett.
The station houses the city's engine 3, ladder 3, weir police precinct, and a community police substation. In addition to both the fire and police quarters, the station formerly included a neighborhood library. The Weir Engine house is one of four 19th century fire stations still in use by the City of Taunton Fire Department, along with Central, Whittenton and East Taunton.

</doc>
<doc id="18493836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493836" title="Washington School (Taunton, Massachusetts)">
Washington School (Taunton, Massachusetts)

Washington School is an historic school at 40 Vernon Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.
The school was built in 1897 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18493842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493842" title="Jesse C. Jackson">
Jesse C. Jackson

Jesse Jackson was an African-American novelist, born in Columbus, Ohio in 1908.
Jackson was one of the first young adult novelists whose works focused on contemporary experiences of African-American children, often those experiencing life as a minority in a white community. "Call Me Charley", published in 1945, dealt with an African-American teenager struggling for acceptance in an all-white school in the suburbs. "Tessie", published in 1968, deals with a black "scholarship girl" at an exclusive private school in New York. Jesse Jackson died in North Carolina in 1983.
In "Honey for a Child's Heart", a book on the role of literature in a family's life, Gladys M. Hunt writes,
“No one has yet sat down and devised a set of rules that magically produces a great story. The quality that we have talked about has to come from the quality inside the person writing the story. In 1945 Jesse Jackson wrote "Call Me Charley", the story of the only black boy in a white school. Mr. Jackson did not write primarily to deliver a message on race relations. He simply wrote a book out of his own experience. It had the ring of reality, and twenty years later the book’s editor would hear a woman tell how she had read a book in the fifth grade that changed her life, her whole attitude about people. The book was "Call Me Charley"."

</doc>
<doc id="18493845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493845" title="Salmon Washburn House">
Salmon Washburn House

Salmon Washburn House is a historic house located at 68 Winthrop Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. It was built in 1860 for prosperous local businessman Salmon Washburn, who ran a furniture, housewares and hardware business on Main Street. The two-story house is built on a square plan with a low-pitch hipped roof and very broad cornice. Dominating the stucco façade is a bold, semi-circular-arched doorway inset with an elaborate cast-iron screen, cast in foliate pattern, in the transom area. The windows are capped by large decorative drip moldings.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. 
The Massachusetts Historical Commission Form B was incorrectly marked as "Samuel Washburn House".

</doc>
<doc id="18493846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493846" title="Carl Wigand Maximilian Jacobi">
Carl Wigand Maximilian Jacobi

Carl Wigand Maximilian Jacobi (April 10, 1775 – May 18, 1858) was a German psychiatrist.
Biography.
He was born in Düsseldorf, the son of philosopher Friedrich Heinrich Jacobi. He attended the universities of Jena, Göttingen, Erfurt, and Edinburgh, and for a period of time worked as a hospital aide in London. Later he became director of a mental hospital at Salzburg, and beginning in 1816 was a Prussian "Medizinalrat" (medical officer). In 1825 he was the first director at the Siegburg lunatic asylum, located north of Bonn. One of his better known assistants at Siegburg was Bernhard von Gudden.
Jacobi was a prominent member of the somatic school of psychiatry in Germany, believing that mental disorders were largely due to organic factors. His views on psychiatry were in direct contrast to those of Leipzig professor Johann Christian August Heinroth, a contemporary of Jacobi, who based psychiatry from a "spiritualistic" standpoint. Jacobi was influenced by the work of Philippe Pinel and William Tuke regarding a "non-restraint policy" for patients, and tried to introduce this reform in Germany.
On the 50th anniversary of his doctorate in 1857, a festival was held in his honor, attended by distinguished men from England and France as well as from every part of Germany. At this festival, an association was organized called the Jacobi foundation, for the improvement of physicians, officers, nurses, and attendants in the care of the insane. Jacobi died on May 18, 1858 in Siegburg.
Writing.
He was the author of several treatises concerning treatment of the mentally ill, among them a work on “Construction and Management of Lunatic Hospitals” (1834). He contributed numerous articles to the journal "Allgemeine Zeitschrift fur Psychiatrie". With Christian Friedrich Nasse, he was co-founder of "Zeitschrift für Heilung und Beurtheilung krankhafter Seelenstörungen", a journal dealing with the analysis and treatment of mental disorders.

</doc>
<doc id="18493858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493858" title="Capt. David Vickery House">
Capt. David Vickery House

Capt. David Vickery House is an historic house at 33 Plain Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1795 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18493863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493863" title="Sport (disambiguation)">
Sport (disambiguation)

Sport is organised or unorganised recreation. Today it usually implies competition, usually implies following rules, and often means competitive sports and games. Originally in English, sport is leisure, as in hunting or fishing wildlife for entertainment rather than for subsistence or for the market. See Sport, etymology and meaning.
Sport or Sports may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18493880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493880" title="Peter Walker House">
Peter Walker House

Peter Walker House is an historic colonial house at 1679 Somerset Avenue in Taunton, Massachusetts.
The Georgian style house was built in 1727 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18493882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493882" title="LY-404,187">
LY-404,187

LY-404,187 (or LY404187) is an ampakine (or "AMPA receptor potentiator") developed by Eli Lilly and Company. It is a member of the biarylpropylsulfonamide class of ampakines.
LY-404,187 has been demonstrated to enhance cognitive function in animal studies, and has also shown effects suggesting antidepressant action as well as having possible application in the treatment of schizophrenia, Parkinson's disease and ADHD. These effects appear to be mediated through multiple mechanisms of action secondary to AMPA receptor potentiation, with a prominent effect seen in research being increased levels of BDNF in the brain. It may therefore be continued on to human trials, although Eli Lilly has developed a whole family of biarylpropylsulfonamide derivatives and it is unclear at this stage which compound is most likely to be selected for further development.

</doc>
<doc id="18493884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493884" title="Banka (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Banka (Lok Sabha constituency)

Banka Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha * constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India. This comprises the Banka district.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Banka Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following six Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
The following is the list of the Members of Parliament elected from this constituency

</doc>
<doc id="18493891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493891" title="Union Street Railway Carbarn, Repair Shop">
Union Street Railway Carbarn, Repair Shop

Union Street Railway Carbarn, Repair Shop is a historic repair shop at 1959 Purchase Street in New Bedford, Massachusetts.
The shop was built in 1897 and added to the National Historic Register in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18493899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493899" title="Walker School">
Walker School

Walker School is an historic elementary school on Berkley Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. The school was built in 1895 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.
A plan to demolish the school was circulated in 2005, but the plan was postponed for approval.
Walker School was closed by the City in June 2010. At the time, it held classes for grades K through 4.

</doc>
<doc id="18493900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493900" title="Fraser Cartmell">
Fraser Cartmell

Fraser Cartmell (born 16 June 1982 in Inverness, Scotland) is a professional triathlete, multiple Scottish champion, three time Ironman 70.3 UK winner, and Ironman UK 2010 winner.

</doc>
<doc id="18493907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493907" title="Back Home Again (song)">
Back Home Again (song)

"Back Home Again" is the title of a popular song written and performed by the American singer-songwriter John Denver. Released as a single from his album of the same name in 1974, "Back Home Again" peaked at number five on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in November of that year; it was Denver's fifth Top 10 hit on the pop chart. "Back Home Again topped the adult contemporary chart for two weeks. The single became the first of three number ones on the country music chart where it stayed for a single week. The single was certified a gold record by the RIAA. The song won a CMA Award for Denver in 1975 in the category "Song of the Year"; he was also named "Entertainer of the Year" at the same ceremony, prompting country pop singer Charlie Rich to light the envelope on fire after reading that Denver had won---in an apparent insult to Denver's musical style and image. 

</doc>
<doc id="18493910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493910" title="Walkden Farm">
Walkden Farm

Walkden Farm is a historic farm at 495 Marvel Street in Swansea, Massachusetts.
The farm was built in 1800 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18493927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493927" title="Vickery-Baylies House">
Vickery-Baylies House

Vickery-Baylies House is an historic house at 56 Summer Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1830 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18493938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493938" title="Valentine-French House">
Valentine-French House

Valentine-French House is a historic house at 5105 N. Main Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It built in 1769 on the 13th lot of Freemen's Purchase by William Valentine for his bride, Sybil Winslow. The massive center chimney had six outlets & the fireplace used for cooking is quite large. The house still has Georgian wood paneling & sliding window shutters. The property was later owned by the Horace French family from roughly c.1850 to 1928.
The house one of six in the Steep Brook area considered to be the best representatives of the pre-industrial period of the city's history. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18493941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493941" title="Paul A. Freund">
Paul A. Freund

Paul A. Freund (February 16, 1908—February 5, 1992) was an American jurist and law professor. He taught most of his life at Harvard Law School and is known for his writings on the United States Constitution and the Supreme Court of the United States.
Early life, education, and family.
Freund was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He was a graduate of Washington University in St. Louis (1928) and Harvard Law School (1931, 1932). He served as president of the editorial board of the Harvard Law Review and wrote his 1931 thesis on "The Effect of State Statutes on Federal Equity Jurisdiction."
Career.
In 1932-1933, Freund served as law clerk for U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice Louis Brandeis. He later called this "the most important year in my life. Brandeis set superhuman standards and lived as if each day were his last on earth and every minute counted. He was a moralist. He saw moral issues where others saw expediency."
Freund next served at the United States Treasury, the Reconstruction Finance Corporation, and the Office of the Solicitor General, where he worked on Supreme Court briefs for major New Deal constitutional cases, arguing for a relatively flexible interpretation of the Constitution in economic and social matters.
He joined the faculty of Harvard Law School as lecturer in 1939 and was named professor of law in 1940. His career there of teaching and scholarship was interrupted only by a return to the Solicitor General's office during World War II and a year as visiting professor at Cambridge University. He was named Charles Stebbins Fairchild Professor in 1950, Royall Professor of Law in 1957, and Carl M. Loeb University Professor in 1958. Freund retired from Harvard Law School in 1976.
He was named by President Eisenhower to the position of editor-in-chief of a projected multi-volume history of the Supreme Court and therefore declined an offer from President-elect John F. Kennedy to become Solicitor General of the United States that many believed would have led to his appointment to the Supreme Court. Nevertheless, in 1962 President Kennedy twice considered naming Freund to the Supreme Court for positions ultimately filled by Deputy Attorney General Byron R. White and Arthur Goldberg.
Writings.
Most of Freund's writings were the result of invitations to speak. They have been collected, principally, in three volumes: "On Understanding the Supreme Court" (1949), "The Supreme Court of the United States: Its Business, Purposes and Performance" (1961), and "On Law and Justice" (1968).
Philosophy.
Freund believed that the mission of law was "to impose a measure of order upon the disorder of experience without stifling diversity, spontaneity, and disarray."
Freund often cited Lord Acton's dictum, "When you perceive a truth, look for the balancing truth," writing that the great issues that come before the Supreme Court "reflect not so much a clash of right and wrong as a conflict between right and right: effective law enforcement and the integrity of the accused; public order and freedom of speech; freedom of worship and abstention from aiding as well as impeding religion. "The courts," he wrote, "are the substations that transform the high-tension charge of the philosophers into the reduced voltage of a serviceable current."
In the 1970s, Freund delivered a lecture in Birmingham, Alabama, on the opinions of Supreme Court Justice Hugo L. Black in the field of religion in the schools. In this paper, Freund said: "Reverence for what we know, humility in the presence of the unknown, awe in the face of the unknowable – these are the pervasive moods of the spirit that transcend religious differences and make of learning itself a spiritual experience. A story of Willard Gibbs, the great Yale scientist, describes him standing before a blackboard on which he had worked out an abstruse equation, tears streaming down his cheeks, and the class staring at the board with the gaze of one who had just seen angels. No Court or Constitution stands in the way of that kind of moral and spiritual experience. All that stands in the way is our indifference or inadequacy to meet the challenge."
Influence.
When he died, former Harvard Law School Dean James Vorenberg called Freund "the dominant figure of his time in the field of constitutional law."
Recognition.
Paul Freund was a member of the American Philosophical Society and the Massachusetts Historical Society and a fellow and past president of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He received more than twenty honorary degrees. In 1975 the National Endowment for the Humanities selected Freund for the Jefferson Lecture, the U.S. federal government's highest honor for achievement in the humanities. Freund's lecture was entitled "Liberty: The Great Disorder of Speech," and was later published in "The American Scholar". In October 2006, an exhibit entitled "Balancing the Truth: Paul Freund 1908-1992" at the Harvard Law School Library marked the opening of the Paul A. Freund papers.
Personal life.
Paul Freund's parents were Charles Freund and the former Hulda Arenson.
Tributes to Paul Freund's legendary kindliness are legion. Dean Vorenberg once said: "I never knew anyone more considerate than Paul. He was incapable of meanness." Dean Erwin Griswold said: "His tastes were always simple. There was no show or splurge about him. No one ever questioned his motivation or his word. I never heard him speak unkindly about anyone. He never raised his voice, though his speech, in the classroom and in private conversation, was resonant, deliberate, and clearly understood. Yet he was always shy and modest, though in no sense a recluse." John Davison, a Harvard Law School graduate, said: "To those who knew Paul Freund, the personal aspects of the man shine radiantly through: the ambling gait, the soft but sparkling eyes, the gentle voice and warm smile, the occasional arched eyebrow, reflecting often skepticism but never dismay, or perhaps the head thrown back with both brows raised in laughter. He was humble, gentle, quick of wit, and never shrill. Always accessible to those who sought the dependable wisdom of his counsel, he was the truest and most loyal of friends."
During the 1970s, Freund lived in an 11th-floor apartment on the Charles River overlooking Harvard Stadium, where he regularly attended Crimson football games. He attended the monthly "Freund Dinners" arranged by fifteen Fly Club undergraduates at the Ritz, and delivered wisdom and friendship from his position at the big round table. He seemed to enjoy discussing legal and other matters with the occasionally unruly undergraduates present on these occasions.
Freund died of cancer of the sinus on February 5, 1992, at the age of 83. His papers reside in the Harvard Law School's Langdell Hall library.

</doc>
<doc id="18493945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493945" title="Napster Session 2008">
Napster Session 2008

Napster Session 2008 is a live download-only EP by German pop band Fools Garden, released in 2008. 
References.
Fools Garden's official site

</doc>
<doc id="18493946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493946" title="American Committee for Relief in Ireland">
American Committee for Relief in Ireland

The American Committee for Relief in Ireland was formed through the initiative of Dr. William J. Maloney and others in 1920, with the intention of giving financial assistance to civilians in Ireland who had been injured or suffered severe financial hardship due to the ongoing Irish War of Independence. It was only one of several US based philanthropic organisations that emerged following World War I with a view to influencing the post-war settlement from their perspective of social justice, economic development and long term stability in Europe. Some of them concentrated their efforts on events in Ireland, and while activists of Irish ethnicity were well represented, membership was far from confined to Americans of Irish heritage. Apart from the ACRI, bodies such as the American Commission on Irish Independence and the American Commission on Conditions in Ireland raised money and attempted to influence US foreign policy in a manner sympathetic to the goal of Irish secession from the United Kingdom.
Political background.
This period of Irish political radicalism coincided with a Red Scare in the United States. Jim Larkin, an Irish trade unionist, who had been closely associated with James Connolly in Ireland and with the Wobblies in the USA, was serving a five-year sentence in Sing Sing prison for promoting his socialist agenda. While his political views differed fundamentally from most of the Sinn Féin leadership, Irish republicanism was seen by many of the American establishment as based on a questionable ideology. During the Irish war of independence, the activities of Irish-American fund-raising organisations were viewed with suspicion and kept under close scrutiny by the intelligences services including J. Edgar Hoover, head of the General Intelligence Division of the Bureau of Investigation. US policy towards Irish concerns, initially hostile or at best indifferent, became somewhat less so following the 1920 U.S. presidential election and the landslide victory of Warren G. Harding over President Woodrow Wilson.
Genesis of the ACRI.
Following the burning of parts of Cork city on 11 December 1920 by elements of the British security forces known as the Black and Tans, approaches were made by the city's Lord Mayor, Donal O'Callaghan to the American Red Cross for humanitarian assistance. The society, having taken advice from President Woodrow Wilson, the British embassy, the Foreign Office and the British Red Cross, declined at this time to act on his appeal. Numerous organisations and committees across the United States, operating independently in raising humanitarian aid money for Ireland realised that their funds would not be channelled through the U.S Committee of the Red Cross and so another distribution channel was needed. Five days after the inferno at Cork, a widely publicised meeting took place at the Banker's Club in New York. It was organised by William Maloney with the intention of establishing a single nationwide organisation. It would have as its goal, explicitly and solely for the purpose of humanitarian relief, the raising and distribution in Ireland of $10 million. The body which soon emerged styled itself 'The American Committee for Relief in Ireland'. One of its founding members, Levi Hollingsworth Wood, approached a Dublin based businessman and fellow Quaker, James Douglas, requesting his assistance in the local distribution of the funds on a non-partisan basis. In Ireland, Douglas spoke with Laurence O'Neill, the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who in turn contacted senior members of Sinn Féin to inform them of the wishes of the American Committee. These meetings culminated in the establishment of the Irish White Cross, for the purpose of local distribution of the Committee's funds.
Bibliography.
Douglas, James G. Ed. J. Anthony Gaughan: "Memoirs of Senator James G. Douglas- Concerned Citizen":University College Dublin Press: 1998: ISBN 1-900621-19-3
Whelan, Bernadette : "United States Foreign Policy and Ireland - From Empire to Independence, 1913-29" :Four Courts Press : 2006 
ISBN 978-1-84682-010-6
External links.
New York Times contemporary report on the burning of Cork. "Ambush on Troops the Supposed Cause"/>Account of the firestorm from a Nationalist perspective.[http://homepage.eircom.net/~corkcounty/Timeline/Cork%20burning.htm

</doc>
<doc id="18493952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493952" title="Bhagalpur (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Bhagalpur (Lok Sabha constituency)

Bhagalpur Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Bhagalpur Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following six Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
The following is the list of the Members of Parliament elected from this Lok Sabha constituency 
Darbhanga cum Bhagalpur Lok Sabha constituency:
Bhagalpur Lok Sabha constituency:

</doc>
<doc id="18493954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493954" title="United States Post Office–Taunton Main">
United States Post Office–Taunton Main

US Post Office-Taunton Main is an historic post office located at 37 Taunton Green in Taunton, Massachusetts.
The Classical Revival building was constructed in 1930 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18493963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493963" title="2007 Vodacom Challenge">
2007 Vodacom Challenge

The Vodacom Challenge 2007 was played between 21 July and 28 July 2007. The teams involved were:

</doc>
<doc id="18493967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493967" title="Stadion Piast">
Stadion Piast

Stadion Miejski w Gliwicach () is a football-specific stadium located in Gliwice, Poland. It is the home ground of Piast Gliwice. The stadium holds 10,037 spectators. The stadium underwent a complete reconstruction which took place from September 2010 to July 2011 including the building of four new fully covered and all-seated stands.
Stadium history.
The first sport venue in the present day stadium location was built in the mid-twenties of the last century. Certainly, the stadium already existed in 1926 but exact date of its construction is unknown. The stadium was modernized and rebuilt several times. Before the Second World War, the object was a home ground of SpVgg Vorwärts-Rasensport and in 1941 the stands could hold 15,000 spectators.
After Gliwice was placed under Polish administration in 1945, the stadium was used as a home ground of Budowlani Gliwice (also known as Lechia). In 1956, following the merger of three clubs located in Gliwice - GKS Gliwice has been formed. Meanwhile Piast played their matches on other stadium located at "Robotnicza street". In the year 1964, the two clubs merged, resulting in the GKS "Piast" Gliwice has been established. Piast has been promoted to Polish Second League for the first time in history in 1957. Initially matches were played on stadium located at "Robotnicza street" but eventually the team moved to the present day stadium location at "Okrzei street".
After the reactivation of the senior Piast Gliwice team in 1997, all league matches and cup were played on the stadium located at "Okrzei street". In 2006 floodlights masts was installed on the stadium for the first time, which was inaugurated exactly on 21 July 2006. On this occasion, a friendly match between Piast and Pogoń Szczecin was played. In 2008, Piast Gliwice gained promotion to the Ekstraklasa for the first time in its history. The team was forced to playing their official matches at the MOSiR Stadium located in Wodzislaw Slaski, because stadium at "Okrzei street" does not meet Ekstraklasa licensing requirements.
The first ever match in Ekstraklasa took place in Gliwice at April 3 2009 when Piast won with its local rival – Górnik Zabrze 1:0.
New stadium.
In September 2010, construction of the current, new Piast stadium began. Old structures was completely demolished, and in the same place a new stadium was built. Stadium was designed by the German company Bremer AG. The whole structure is almost an exact copy of the German Benteler Arena (previously know as Energieteam Arena), which is a home ground of SC Paderborn 07 currently playing in the 2. Bundesliga. General contractor of the stadium was Polimex-Mostostal. The cost of construction was 54 137 254 PLN. (about 13 mln €).
The first official football event on the new Piast Stadium took place on November 5, 2011. The match between Piast Gliwice and Wisła Płock took place than. Piast won the match by 2:1 and first goalscorer was Ricardo Cavalcante Mendes. Inaugural match was also the one with the highest attendance on the new stadium with 9432 spectators watched this event. 

</doc>
<doc id="18493970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493970" title="Sammi Shocking Colours 2001 Concert Live (DVD)">
Sammi Shocking Colours 2001 Concert Live (DVD)

Sammi Shocking Colours 2001 Concert Live (DVD) is a live concert recorded at the Hong Kong Coliseum by a Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng, during the Shocking Colours Tour.
Shocking Colours Concert features "愛的呼喚" featuring Aaron Kwok, "愛是..." with LMF, and her supporting album of the concert, "螢光粉紅". Sammi wore a Japanese-looking dress while sing "獨家試唱" and a sexy pink outfit while singing "發熱發亮" and "煞科". She also sang "禁果花" from the movie Wu yen and many classic songs, such as: "不拖不欠", "默契", "如何掉眼淚", and "插曲". Encore, she sang "終身美麗" and closed with "親蜜關係". 
This concert is also released in CD and VCD format.

</doc>
<doc id="18493972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493972" title="Old Attleboro Post Office">
Old Attleboro Post Office

The Old Attleboro Post Office is a historic post office at 75 Park Street in Attleboro, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1916 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987. Today it is no longer a post office. Instead it is divided between the city of Attleboro and Bristol County, which use it as office space.

</doc>
<doc id="18493974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493974" title="Tomislav Stanić">
Tomislav Stanić

Tomislav Stanić (born 30 May 1981) is a Bosnian footballer who plays for Iran Pro League side Malavan.
Club career.
Stanić previously played for Hajduk Split and NK Inter Zaprešić in the Croatian First League, making only a handful of substitute appearances over three seasons. He had a brief spell with Dynamo Dresden in the German 2. Bundesliga during the 2005-06 season where he scored 1 goal. He became the first foreign footballer to ever play for Malavan F.C. when he joined the club in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18493978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493978" title="Samuel Viall House">
Samuel Viall House

Samuel Viall House is a historic house at 85 Carpenter Street in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1800 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18493981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18493981" title="Santa Fe Freight Depot">
Santa Fe Freight Depot

Santa Fe Freight Depot is a quarter-mile-long building in the industrial area to the east of Downtown Los Angeles, now known as the Arts District. The Southern California Institute of Architecture converted the structure into its campus in 2000. The building's use as a school has helped revitalize a neighborhood previously considered "a gritty corner of downtown".
Use as a freight depot.
Built in 1907, the depot was designed by Harrison Albright, a pioneer in the use of reinforced concrete, as a railroad freight depot. The Santa Fe Coast lines secured the property along the Los Angeles River and spent approximately $300,000 building the enormous concrete building. The depot was built to replace a freight center that had burned to the ground, and the narrow steel-reinforced concrete structure became a local landmark. For half its length, the building is only in width but, at in length, it is as long as the Empire State Building is tall. The building had 120 bays with opening on both sides, allowing freight cars to unload on one side while trucks were loaded on the other side.
Conversion to SCI-Arc's campus.
By the 1990s, the depot was a vacant building covered in graffiti. The building had been stripped to the concrete, with a single room as long as four football fields. Then, in 2000, the Southern California Institute of Architecture, or SCI-Arc, obtained a lease on the property with plans to relocate its campus to the location. Over the next two years, SCI-Arc renovated and converted the building, considered an "industrial leftover," into a state-of-the-art architecture school.
The renovation was designed by SCI-Arc graduate and faculty member Gary Paige who described the building as a "found object -- one with ceilings up to high and broad views of the downtown skyline." Paige also added: "We like the unrelenting and extreme nature of the building." One reviewer noted that the structure was a mixed blessing: "Time had been generous to it, giving the interior surfaces a seasoned patina akin to character lines on a wise face. The problem was typology: Being as long as the Empire State Building is tall, the shotgun building was unremittingly linear, with only one jog breaking the monotony of its quarter-mile length." Another review called wrote:"The recombinant building is a lesson in engineering and architecture. Thirty thousand square feet of studios and seminar spaces, a workshop, a thesis pit and a bridge to the library have been stacked, cantilevered and suspended to form an open-ended, permissive, flexible space. It seems that anything can happen within these walls. Enter a studio through its doorway (which has no door), and you are standing on what is more like a stage, looking out through a proscenium framed by new steel posts and girders set parallel to and in tandem with the old concrete columns and beams."
Prior to the opening of the SCI-Arc campus, the neighborhood around the depot was referred to as a "gritty corner of downtown." Since 2000, SCI-Arc's presence has helped revitalize the neighborhood. However, the area's revitalization has driven up the property's value and resulted in an expensive legal battle that ended with a determination in June 2005 that SCI-Arc did not have the right to purchase the depot building and land in which its campus is located. A developer also purchased the vacant land to the west of Sci-Arc, announcing plans in 2004 to construct a pair of 40-story towers, each with 384 luxury apartments. 
Pritzker Prize-winner and SCI-Arc co-founder Thom Mayne wrote an editorial in 2005 urging the city to step in to make sure that SCI-Arc was encouraged and preserved as an important urban catalyst for Downtown Los Angeles. Mayne noted that SCI-Arc had taken root in the neighborhood bringing hundreds of young people into the once-abandoned area, and noted that SCI-Arc's move to the former freight depot was "the prototype of an institution that resonates with energy and creativity." SCI-Arc succeeded in a second attempt to purchase the building in 2011, paying $23.1 million.
Historic designation.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18494007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494007" title="Jörg Stübner">
Jörg Stübner

Jörg Stübner (born 23 July 1965 in Freiberg) is a former German footballer who amassed 47 international caps for East Germany.
Stübner began his career with BSG Motor Halle in 1973 and transferred to SG Dynamo Dresden in 1979, where he gained the nickname "Staubsauger" (Vacuum cleaner), scoring 14 goals in 182 appearances. Stübner was twice DDR-Oberliga champion with the Dresden club, in 1988/89 and 1989/90, and three-time FDGB Pokal winner. After several seasons, Dynamo reached the semi-finals of the 1988/89 UEFA Cup, where they were beaten by VfB Stuttgart. In total, Stübner played in 29 European games with the club, scoring two goals.
Jörg Stübner played in 47 games for the East German national football team. He made his debut during a World-Cup qualification match against Luxembourg on 17 November 1984 in Esch-sur-Alzette. His final game came on 12 September 1990 in a 2-0 win over Belgium in Brussels - the last game ever played by East Germany. As well as 30 friendly matches, Stübner also played in 12 World Cup and 5 UEFA European Championship qualifying matches, as well as playing in the 1986 and 1990 FIFA World Cups, and the 1988 UEFA Euro 1988 tournaments. His only goal came on 13 April 1988 in a 1-1 friendly draw against Bulgaria in Burgas.
After reunification, Stübner played in just five Bundesliga games with Dresden, before returning to amateur football; playing for FC Sachsen Leipzig, FC Neubrandenburg and SV Eresburg Obermarsberg, and never making an appearance for the reunified German national team. After struggling to hold down a first-team place in the depths of the amateur league, he developed financial problems and turned to alcoholism - eventually resulting in a suicide attempt.
During Ulf Kirsten's testimonial match in November 2003 in Dresden's Dynamo-Stadion, Stübner scored his last ever goal in the stadium he spent so much of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18494008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494008" title="Parasphendale agrionina">
Parasphendale agrionina

"Parasphendale agrionina," given the common name budwing mantis for its vestigial wings (present in adult females). Females are is incapable of flight.
Description.
Females can get to be up to 2.75 inches (7 cm) long. Males can get up to 1.25 inches (3 cm) long.
Distribution.
The Budwing is found primarily in East Africa, specifically in Kenya, Somalia, and Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="18494017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494017" title="John Mace Smith House">
John Mace Smith House

John Mace Smith House is a historic house at 399 N. Main Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1844 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
It is a small Greek Revival "temple front" house. Deeds show that the land, part of the Rodman Farm was surveyed in 1837 and sold by Samuel Rodman to John M. Smith for $1200 on 11/6/1843. Not much is known about Smith - he was associated with the American Print Works in 1859. The house was passed on the Lydia P. Fellows, the daughter of Smith, and wife of the Rev. H. S. Fellows. In the 1890s John Coughlin, a physician lived here: he may be responsible for the building of the ell, as he kept his office and home here.
One of a cluster of outstanding Greek Revival houses on North Main Street, built by early mill-owners and prosperous merchants in the downtown area after the 1843 fire. This building, like the majority of the others has certain signature elements reminiscent of Russell Warren's work, most notably the cantilevered "flying staircase", floor plan and moulding details. The high quality of design and workmanship may be attributable to Russell Warren, a prominent Rhode Island architect and proponent of the Greek Revival. The high architectural quality, the relative scarcity of buildings of this age and type, and their association with figures important in the industrial and commercial development of Fall River.

</doc>
<doc id="18494037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494037" title="Khagaria (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Khagaria (Lok Sabha constituency)

Khagaria Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India. 
Assembly segments.
From the 2009 Lok Sabha elections Khagaria Lok Sabha constituency comprised the following six Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18494046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494046" title="First Jewish Revolt coinage">
First Jewish Revolt coinage

First Jewish Revolt coinage was issued by the Jews after the Zealots captured Jerusalem and the Jewish temple from the Romans in 66 AD at the beginning of the First Jewish Revolt. The Jewish leaders of the revolt minted their own coins to emphasize their newly obtained independence from Rome.
In the revolt's first year (66–67 AD), the Jews minted only silver coins, which were struck from the temple’s store of silver. These coins replaced the Tyrian shekel, which had previously been used to pay the temple tax. The newly minted silver coins included shekels, half-shekels, and quarter-shekels, each being labelled with the year of minting and their denomination. These are the first truly Jewish silver coins, and depict a chalice on the obverse with the year of the revolt above, surrounded by the ancient Hebrew inscription "Shekel of Israel". Three budding pomegranates are featured on the reverse, with the inscription "Jerusalem the Holy".
During the second (67–68 AD) and third (69–70 AD) years of the revolt bronze prutah coins were issued, depicting an amphora, and with the date and the Hebrew inscription "The Deliverance of Zion".
In the fourth year of the revolt (70–71 AD) three large sizes of bronze coins were minted, possibly because the supplies of Temple silver were diminishing. It is believed by numismatists that these coins were fractions of a shekel. The smaller of these coins also has the depiction of a chalice, together with symbols of the Jewish harvest festival of Sukkot, a lulav and etrog, and the date and inscription "For the Redemption of Zion". This coin is usually called an 'eighth', probably being an eighth of a shekel.
The medium size coin has the same inscription, with the denomination ""reva"" (quarter) inscribed. An etrog is depicted on the obverse, and two lulav are on the reverse. The larger of the three bronze coins are inscribed ""chatzi"" (half). On the obverse a lulav and etrog are again depicted, with a palm tree and baskets on the reverse. These coins are sometimes referred to as 'Masada coins'.

</doc>
<doc id="18494047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494047" title="Bradford Smith Building">
Bradford Smith Building

Bradford Smith Building was a historic building at 1927-1941 Purchase Street in New Bedford, Massachusetts.
The building was built in 1887 and added to the National Historic Register in 1984. It has since been demolished.

</doc>
<doc id="18494066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494066" title="Simcock House (Swansea, Massachusetts)">
Simcock House (Swansea, Massachusetts)

Simcock House is a historic house at 1074 Sharps Lot Road in Swansea, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1765 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18494084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494084" title="Jacopo Bonfadio">
Jacopo Bonfadio

Jacopo Bonfadio (c. 1508 – July 1550) was an Italian humanist and historian.
Born in Garda he was educated at Verona and Padua. From 1532 he worked as the secretary of various members of the clergy in Rome and Naples, however in 1540 gained employment in Padua with the son of Cardinal-humanist Pietro Bembo. At this time he met and became friends with notable humanists of the time and was a contemporary of Annibal Caro. He also gained fame from his poetry, for which reputation he was invited to teach philosophy at the University of Genoa in 1544. While there he was commissioned to write a history of the Republic of Genoa since 1528.
In 1541, he among others, coined the term "una terza natura", meaning nature improved by art, and subsequently many designers so conceived it. Large scale views of the Medici villas, the grand vistas of Louis XIV, and the planning of 16th century and later English country houses show how this term was incorporated.
His humanist views earned him some powerful enemies in Genoa. In 1550, after writing "Annales Genuendis, ab anno 1528 recuperatae libertatis usque ad annum 1550" (his history of the Republic of Genoa from 1528 to 1550), his writing angered the powerful Genoese families the Dorias, the Adornos, the Spinolas and Fieschi, who sought revenge against Bonfadio for daring to record and judge their actions. They proceeded to accuse him of sodomy, for which he was arrested, tried and condemned to death. He was beheaded, and his body was burnt. The minutes of his trial were never found.
The "Annales Genuendis" have been translated into Italian by Paschetti, and a new Latin edition was published at Brescia in 1747.
Scholars have had difficulty determining the exact date of his execution. Most official sources report it as having taken place in 1550, while others give the date as 1560 or some even as late as 1580, though that has been widely disregarded by later scholars.

</doc>
<doc id="18494104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494104" title="Short's Tavern">
Short's Tavern

Short's Tavern is a historic tavern at 282 Market Street in Swansea, Massachusetts.
The tavern was built in 1742 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18494126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494126" title="School Street School (Taunton, Massachusetts)">
School Street School (Taunton, Massachusetts)

School Street School is an historic school building at School and Fruit Streets in Taunton, Massachusetts. The school was designed by Gustavus L. Smith and built in 1896-97. The school's design is similar to that of two other Smith-designed schools in Taunton, Leonard School and Washington School; these schools are all two-story brick buildings with hip roofs. The School Street School was designed in the Georgian Revival style, which can be seen in its windows and corner quoins. The school served Taunton's large Portuguese immigrant population and was the only school in the city to offer instruction in the immigrants' native Portuguese.
The School Street School was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 5, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18494132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494132" title="24th meridian east">
24th meridian east

The meridian 24° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Africa, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 24th meridian east forms a great circle with the 156th meridian west.
Part of the border between Libya and Sudan is defined by the meridian, as is a large section of the border between Chad and Sudan.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 24th meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18494146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494146" title="Ezekiel Sawin House">
Ezekiel Sawin House

Ezekiel Sawin House is a historic house at 44 William Street in Fairhaven, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1840 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18494156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494156" title="Munger (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Munger (Lok Sabha constituency)

Munger Lok Sabha constituency () (formerly Monghyr) is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Munger Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following six Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
The following is the list of the Members of Parliament elected from this Lok Sabha constituency 

</doc>
<doc id="18494168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494168" title="Capt. Joel Robinson House">
Capt. Joel Robinson House

Capt. Joel Robinson House is a historic house at 111 Rocklawn Avenue in Attleboro, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1790 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18494169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494169" title="Sweet Surrender (John Denver song)">
Sweet Surrender (John Denver song)

"Sweet Surrender" is the title of a popular song by the American singer-songwriter John Denver. It was originally recorded for his 1974 album "Back Home Again", but was chosen as the lead single from the concert album "An Evening with John Denver". "Sweet Surrender" reached #13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in February 1975, remaining in the Top 40 for eight weeks. It also rose to #1 on the adult contemporary chart, Denver's fourth song to reach the top on this survey (following "Sunshine on My Shoulders", "Annie's Song" and "Back Home Again"). Following a theme common to many of Denver's songs, the lyrics to "Sweet Surrender" deal with a journey of self-exploration tied to themes of nature and environment. The single version of "Sweet Surrender" has yet to appear on any compact disc or digital reissue, characterized by its lack of applause over the introduction.
"Sweet Surrender" was the opening theme song of the 1974 Walt Disney movie "The Bears and I." It was covered by the pop/folk band "The Seekers" and appeared on the Australian release of their 1975 self-titled album.

</doc>
<doc id="18494173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494173" title="2009–11 Super League licences">
2009–11 Super League licences

The 2009–11 Super League licences were announced in May 2005 by the Rugby Football League (RFL) as the new determinant of the Super League competition's participants from 2009 in place of promotion and relegation. The licences were awarded after consideration of more factors than just the on-the-field performance of a club in the previous season. After 2007 automatic promotion and relegation was suspended for Super League with new teams admitted on a licence basis with the term of the licence to start in 2009.
The RFL stated that clubs applying to compete in Super League XIV in 2009 would be assessed by criteria in four areas (stadium facilities, finance and business performance, commercial and marketing and playing strength, including junior production and development) with the final evaluations and decisions being taken by the RFL's board of directors. These final deliberations were informed by the findings of a range of experts at the RFL and from external advisors such as KPMG.
Successful applicants would be licensed for three years of Super League competition. Three-yearly reviews of Super League membership will take place to ensure ambitious clubs lower down the leagues can still be successful.
Motivation.
The RFL's in-house lawyer, Rod Findlay, explained, "The basis for the licensing process was established in May 2005 when the RFL, in full consultation with member clubs, drew up a strategy document for Super League which basically said 'This is what we want the league to look like and this is what we want the clubs to look like,'". Findlay continued, "The document concluded that the competition should be expanded to 14 clubs and said it was not felt the heartland would be able to sustain that number of Super League clubs. We do not have 14 clubs who satisfy all the Super League strategy aims. The board needs to decide whether those clubs that are not currently satisfying the aims can satisfy them in the future."
Commenting on the implementation of three-year licence cycles, the RFL's Chief Executive Nigel Wood stated, "We hope to capture all of the advantages of a closed competition like the NRL without the disadvantages of having perennial under-performers that sometimes you get in a closed competition." 
Club development.
It is thought that the removal of the annual threat of relegation will prompt clubs to invest in developing their infrastructure, such as junior development and facilities, rather than spending on short-term fixes to avoid the drop. "The aim is that clubs direct some of their resources into medium-term development rather than the short-term panic of trying to hire a player, invariably from overseas, who will make the difference against relegation but leave without any long-term legacy," said the RFL's Wood. 
The RFL have stated their belief that the benefits of licensing would grow the collective business strength of Super League (Europe) Limited. Alex Byars, senior manager in the Sports Business Group at Deloitte believed that licensing system had the potential to bring more money into the sport: "The greater stability could lead to more investment from outside of the sport as the removal of dramatic revenue changes due to relegation could also increase investor confidence."
International competition.
Richard Lewis said he expected that "licensing will galvanise the sport, stimulating clubs into addressing the issues of facility improvements, spectator comfort and the production of more players".
The changes brought forth by licensing are intended to strengthen the competition and British rugby league. The strengthened competition, it is hoped, will lead to the development of more players able to compete successfully at international level. "The thinking is that if we have a more intense competition we will produce battle-hardened footballers," said Wood.
Application eligibility.
Current Super League clubs were required to submit applications justifying their continued membership of the competition. 
Non-Super League clubs based in the United Kingdom had to be participants in The Co-operative National League One during the 2008 season to apply. 
Clubs based outside the UK and not competing in either Super League or National League One were able to apply, with applications to be judged by "the independent RFL board under the same process as UK based applications".
The deadline for the completed licence applications of clubs was the end of March 2008.
Decision process.
The licence application process was designed to have the confidence of clubs being assessed as to the rigour of analysis of the business plans produced. The RFL and the clubs did not want the process to be a "leap of faith". 
The process had three stages: 
Licence criteria.
Stage two of the licence decision process saw the clubs allocated the points used to decide licence grades according to their strength in several areas.
Facilities.
Teams will get one point for having a stadium with a capacity of 12,000 or more. Another point will be awarded if the ground meets the standards of a premier competition in the 21st century.
Attendances.
A point will be awarded to clubs with an average attendance of around 10,000 spectators. Another point will be awarded if stadiums are operating at 40 per cent capacity.
Finances.
Teams will receive a point if they are solvent. Another point will be awarded if their turnover is more than £4 million.
Player strength.
Teams earn one point if they are considered to have made a contribution to the competition - that means averaging a place in the top eight over each of the last three seasons. Another point is available to clubs who make a contribution to home-grown player development. That means at least eight members of a first-team squad of 25 should be discovered, trained and developed in the team's home country (United Kingdom or France).
Salary cap.
One point is on offer to teams who have not committed a major breach of the salary cap in the last three seasons.
Geographical expansion.
The final point goes to clubs who do not have another rugby league club within a 20-mile radius.
Total score.
The scores attained by each club (out of ten) are translated into a Licence grading. 
Sky Sports report that it is believed teams who achieve an A or B Licence will be awarded a place in Super League, while those who achieve a C Licence will undergo further scrutiny before the RFL decide who makes the final cut.
Expulsion from Super League.
Clubs that are awarded a Super League Licence are not protected for the three years of the contract from removal from Super League due to the absence of relegation. The RFL Board will have powers enabling them to revoke a club's membership if necessary at any time, with the failed club being replaced by another from outside. The reasons, yet to be finalised and published, are "likely to include insolvency, contractual breach, persistent under performance and possibly persistent rule breaking".
Applicants.
Nineteen applications for Super League licences were received. Each of the 2008 season Super League clubs applied as well as several National League One sides and Toulouse Olympique of the French Elite One Championship.
In recent seasons and leading up to the submission deadline, several clubs submitted 'dummy' applications to the RFL - on which they received advice and feedback - in preparation for their official one. This 'dummy' application facility run by the RFL has been praised by clubs including Castleford and its Chief Executive, Richard Wright.
The applicants were: Bradford Bulls, Castleford Tigers, Catalans Dragons, Celtic Crusaders, Featherstone Rovers, Halifax, Harlequins, Hull, Hull KR, Huddersfield Giants, Leeds Rhinos, Leigh Centurions, Salford City Reds, St. Helens, Toulouse, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, Warrington Wolves, Widnes Vikings and Wigan Warriors.
Expansion to 14 clubs.
The RFL have said that there is no upper limit on the number of clubs that may be accepted into the competition if more than fourteen strong applications are received as long as any additional entrants are "not detrimental to the overall quality of the competition and depth of playing talent".
In June 2008, the RFL confirmed that Super League would be expanded from 12 teams to 14 in 2009. Richard Lewis, the RFL's Executive Chairman, said it was "as good a time as any for the sport to go to a 14-team Super League competition" with "television income, sponsorship income and crowd figures - so much going well" and the international game growing. Expansion to 14 teams had been an aim of the RFL and its member clubs since the licencing was agreed upon in a 2005 strategy document.
Speculation.
Sky Sports.
Boots 'N' All, the magazine programme broadcast on Sky Sports, the primary Super League broadcaster, sent a reporter to each of the nineteen applicants to evaluate them. 
Code 13.
Monthly British rugby league magazine Code 13 also evaluated all the licences, apart from Toulouse, in their April 2008 issue.
Rugby Football League announcement.
The 19 applicant clubs met with the RFL's board of directors at 0945 BST Tuesday 22 July 2008 to be told the outcome of their bids for licences.
The Executive Chairman of the RFL, Richard Lewis publicly announced the 14 clubs to be licenced at 1000 BST. The press conference had been described by some as British rugby league's most significant since the switch to a summer Super League was first mooted in 1995. An announcement of this kind was a first for British sport.
The 14 successful clubs included all 12 existing Super League clubs, despite concern that some did not meet the relevant criteria. A day later, on 23 July 2008, the RFL announced the gradings they had given to each of the 14 successful applications.
In the lead up to the announcement, Rod Findlay, the RFL's in-house lawyer, stated that he believed the process of preparing the applications would benefit each of the 19 applicants due to the level of scrutiny required for so much of their operation.
Summary of applications.
Following the announcement of which clubs had successfully obtained a licence to compete in Super League, the RFL released a summary of their assessment of each applicant.
The club's stadium, Odsal, was judged to need improvement, although the RFL noted the Coral Stand development provided Bradford with a good standard hospitality provision and that there were plans for further development in the future known as Odsal Sporting Village. The club financial situation was praised for an ability to operate without shareholder support. Match attendances had fallen in comparison to past seasons but the club was still one of the better supported of the applicants. Bradford had a record of recent success in competition; this was tempered by what was considered a "slight overseas reliance" in the playing department.
The Catalans' home ground, Stade Gilbert Brutus in Perpignan, was considered to be a "sound functional stadium" with further development planned for the year ahead. The RFL found the club's financial forecasts to be of a lower standard than preferred and also that the club had been "reliant on shareholder input". Attendances and merchandising at the club were judged to have improved, as expected, over the three years since the Catalans' entry to Super League, from a low starting point. It was noted that the team were achieving positive match results and that more French trained players had been introduced, but that club needed to improve its youth development programme. The RFL felt that the commercial success of the club and an increased player pool proved a vindication of the decision to introduce a French team to the competition.
Castleford's Wheldon Road ground, The Jungle, was deemed to be "limited and old fashioned" though well maintained. The club had noted the standard of the ground and possessed "relatively advanced" plans to build a new stadium. The financial projections submitted by the club were based on a new ground. The RFL believed the club to be financially well managed and for use of external borrowing and shareholder funds to be "limited". Castleford had produced a "holistic" commercial plan, having a record of achievement in this area, and had enjoyed strong support previously when the club had been relegated from Super League. Relegation, though, had had a detrimental effect on the club's playing staff, despite the club maintaining youth pathways, it had not been able to sign the best of the local rugby league prospects.
The club's Brewery Field home ground was considered to be "limited and old fashioned" though well maintained and there was a commitment to improve the facilities immediately. Celtic Crusaders acknowledged the necessity to develop a new facility in the future. The RFL considered the club's financial projections to be subjective as a consequence of the enterprise being a new venture but noted that the club had shown stability financially since formation. The RFL noted positive relationships had been developed between the club and commercial partners and that there were opportunities to be exploited through a relationship with Welsh language television channel S4C. The RFL noted that independent market research had found support for Super League in South Wales, but acknowledged that only reality would provide full testing. The club has scholarship and academy team development at an early stage but the RFL noted playing infrastructure was "very good in places".
The Chris Moyles Stadium in Post Office Road was assessed as being well maintained but in need of further investment to meet Super League minimum standards. The club was judged to have good community initiatives and to have generated some positive and creative media coverage in the previous year. The club was proximate to several current Super League clubs and so faced competition. Featherstone's player development pathway was below the standard needed for Super League and would require investment. The club's finances appeared to be stable. 
It was felt that the incomplete state of The Shay stadium "significantly restrained" the club and their application because it made financial and marketing plans quite hypothetical, though the past positive contribution to Super League of the Halifax club was noted. The RFL also noted that Halifax had consistently performed at the higher end of National League 1 in recent campaigns. It was stated that player development investment would need to be increased to reach Super League standard.
Harlequins' home ground, The Stoop, had all-round good facilities and it is hoped stability at this stadium will lead to an increase in attendance as the club attempts to attract the population within their "catchment area" and utilise a "robust" community programme. The club relied on "significant" shareholder support. The club had been "reasonably successful" in Super League and there were local players emerging through player development schemes but the club's junior players are "not regularly attracting national honours".
Huddersfield's home ground was deemed to be "excellent", though not quite state-of-the-art owing to its opening in 1994. Huddersfield were judged to be dependent on the support of its shareholders and to need to meet the aims of its commercial planning to negate this. Attendance at matches has risen, this was attributed to improved on-field performance as well as the recruitment of commercial staff. The club's talent development structures for scholarship and academy players was noted an area that needed close monitoring by the club so that they could meet quotas for club-trained players.
Hull were commended for their "excellent stadium" and attendances. The club were deemed to be well-run and to have good community programmes. Hull showed that they were operating in profit and required little external financial funds. Playing strength was high.
Rovers were said to have strong potential. The club had invested in improving their facilities, with further improvements planned. The club's commercial plans and community work were praised. The assessors considered that further evidence of player performance strategies would have been useful but that this area had improved since the club was promoted to Super League.
Leeds Rhinos' Headingley Stadium was noted to be an older stadium but one that had undergone "significant improvements" with additional ones planned. The Leeds club had historic and projected profits in addition to "strong" net assets. The clubs was praised for good performance commercially, in match attendances, playing record and in producing quality Club Trained players.
Leigh's new stadium at Leigh Sports Village was close to opening and through inspection of the site and a review of plans, the facility was predicted to be "excellent". The assessment team believed the stadium would aid the club in developing its structures and in developing into a strong candidate for Super League. It was judged that Leigh would need to recruit to be able to deliver their "good, reasoned" commercial plan. Leigh was predicted to be reliant on its shareholders. The club had shown evidence of investment in youth production, though this was judged to need improvement to achieve Super League standards.
The club's ground, The Willows, was assessed to be "limited and old fashioned" despite having good corporate and disabled facilities. The assessment noted "relatively advanced" plans for a replacement. Salford had long record of financial stability and their commercial and marketing plans "appear well developed" with intentions to exploit their planned stadium and access to Salford and Manchester. The club was judged to have been "very diligent in every area" of their player performance strategy although problems with under 16s player development were noted.
The club's Knowsley Road ground was described as "old and tired" and as causing the financial position and commercial activities of the club to be "constrained". It was noted that planning permission had recently been secured for a new stadium. The club's financial plans were based around this new stadium. St Helens had a strong playing infrastructure and were market leaders in junior production.
The acceptance of Toulouse would have meant geographic expansion. The club was considered to have a "commendable commitment" to the production of new players but there was a concern regarding limited numbers of Super League standard talent in the area. Toulouse's financial projections were thought to require hard work to achieve. Toulouse's application included a plan to use two "quality facilities" while redeveloping their own ground.
Wakefield's ground, Belle Vue, was considered to be "limited and old fashioned". The club had plans for a new stadium that they predicted to occupy by 2010. The club was acknowledged to have made an improvement in on-field performance, increased investment in the playing department, made progress with community development, improved attendances and also to have youth development working "reasonably well".
Warrington play in a "quality new stadium", the Halliwell Jones Stadium, which is "excellent" in all but "one or two aspects". Warrington had plans to improve their ground further. The club's financial projections were considered challenging but it was noted that the club had performed well in that area in the past and had a good commercial plan. Warrington was judged to performed well on the field after investment in its playing infrastructure. It was noted that the next step for Warrington was to begin to contest finals and semi-finals as well as to produce Club Trained international.
The Vikings' Stobart Stadium Halton ground was considered a good size and well-appointed following investment. The club's application suffered from its recent financial history, insolvency in October 2007, and the new company not being established long despite showing early progress. The National League club had a "reasonable" playing department, though further investment to achieve competitiveness in Super league and to meet Club Trained rules would be needed.
Wigan's stadium was considered "excellent" with the club attracting good attendances. Strong commercial plans and being a market leader in some areas were positive, though some reliance on the new majority shareholder detracted from this. The club had an excellent playing infrastructure and expressed a commitment to turning more juniors into first team players.
Response to announcement.
Wider game and media response.
Ray French - Former player, broadcaster - “Widnes, unlike Leigh, reacted with dignity and integrity and a determination to make it in 2011. They were arguably the biggest losers in all this, but the way they reacted was the right thing to do, as was awarding a franchise to the Crusaders. The game can no longer just exist in the north of England, it has to go national and international.It is growing in France and it is also growing in Scotland and Ireland, both places where I wouldn’t be surprised to see Super League bids come from next time around."
Brian Moore - Rugby union broadcaster and journalist - "The criteria upon which it is said the awards were made were multifarious, allowing, depending on your point of view, detailed scrutiny of every aspect of each applicant's case; or to allow the Rugby Football League to justify any award it wanted to make." "The decision to grant a licence to the Celtic Crusaders of Wales in front of Widnes and Halifax has caused justifiable ill-feeling...this was an expansion decision, pure and simple; pretending otherwise is insulting to those who missed out and wasted time and money chasing a franchise they were never going to get."
Monitoring.
During the three-year licence period clubs will be monitored by the RFL to ensure that they are "progressing with plans they put in their original Super League licence applications,” said the RFL's director of development, Gary Tasker.
In July 2009, the RFL wrote to five Super League clubs to remind them of the commitments they made regarding improvement of their stadium facilities under the licensing agreement. Castleford, Celtic Crusaders, Wakefield, St Helens and Salford were warned that their continued presence in Super League after the next round of licensing is in jeopardy. An RFL statement said, " have been informed that if plans to build new stadiums or significantly improve their home venues are not sufficiently advanced by 2011, they may not satisfy the full criteria for the next period of licensing”. Gary Tasker warned of "the potential implications any failure to do so may have on their next application. Clubs need to be aware that we are raising the bar for the next licence period." "Showcasing Super League in high quality stadium facilities remains a key objective," he said.
In 2009, at an end-of-season briefing given by the RFL's executive chairman, Richard Lewis, expressed his disappointment at the attendance figures for Harlequins home games. Lewis contrasted the increases in rugby league participation in London with the lack of reflection of this in the club's crowds. In 2008, the season leading up to the issuance of licences, Harlequin's highest attendance was 4,378 when Leeds Rhinos played the club as reigning champions, Lewis said "they haven't kicked on like we thought they would". Harlequins achieved an average home attendance of just under 3,500 for 2009. The club responded to the concern, stating: "Harlequins have been working very hard with the RFL in all of the areas raised at yesterday's briefing. Together with the RFL the club is developing its strategy for fixtures and the community game, amongst other key areas, with the aim of increasing attendances". Paul Blanchard, the Harlequins chief executive, said: "Richard's comments did not come as a surprise to me - in fact I have had this conversation with the RFL before. It makes a good headline for the papers but it is nothing we were not aware of. The comments were actually part of an overview of the season as a whole, and both ourselves and Crusaders were talked about in terms of attendance. We know it is something we have to improve".
The future: 2012–14 licences.
Unsuccessful applicant clubs and others will be able to apply for the next set of licences for the three-year period 2012-2014 in 2011. To be eligible they must qualify for the Grand Final of the division below Super League, the Co-operative Championship, in 2009 or 2010 or win the National League Cup.
RFL Chief Executive Nigel Wood sought to allay fears that Super League could become a 'closed shop' in the absence of relegation. Despite the length of the licences being three years, that does not mean that clubs with a licence are assured of remaining in Super League for the full three years of their agreement. "This is not a closed shop", "there must always be a way of getting in and a way of removing under-performing clubs" said Wood. 
Mr Wood also said that following the three years, there could be further changes. "The best performing club will be guaranteed admission to Super League, either at the expense of the worst performing club or by expanding the competition," he said.
No upper limit on the number of Super League licences awarded has been set by the RFL, the option remains open to expand again in the future. Increasing the number of teams in the competition without changing the competition's format would be at odds with recent RFL and Super League decisions and reports. The RFL's plan for international success, which was the result of an inquiry into England's poor performance at the 2008 World Cup, states an intention to work with clubs to limit the number of games top players can take part in. The Magic Weekend event has allowed for a reduction in the number of games each club plays to 27, from 28; although a reason for the desire to reduce games in this case was to reduce the number of times Super League sides played each other more than twice in the regular season.

</doc>
<doc id="18494179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494179" title="Herbert A. Sadler House">
Herbert A. Sadler House

Herbert A. Sadler House is a historic house at 574 Newport Avenue in Attleboro, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1906 and added to the National Historic Register in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18494190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494190" title="Sacred Heart School (Fall River, Massachusetts)">
Sacred Heart School (Fall River, Massachusetts)

Sacred Heart School is a historic school at 90 Linden Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The school building was constructed in 1931-32 as the second home for the Catholic school which was founded in 1887. The school was closed in 1982 and the school building was sold to a private developer for housing. The building added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
See also.
Last class graduated June 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18494197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494197" title="Lila De Nobili">
Lila De Nobili

Lila De Nobili (Castagnola (Lugano), September 3, 1916 – Paris, February 19, 2002) was an Italian fashion illustrator, stage designer, and costume designer. She was noted for her work at "Vogue" magazine and her collaborations with directors such as Luchino Visconti and Franco Zeffirelli.
Personal.
De Nobili's father was from an old Italian family and her mother was from a Jewish Hungarian family. An uncle was the painter Marcel Vertès.
In the 1930s, she studied with the artist Ferruccio Ferrazzi at the Academy of Fine Arts in Rome.
She settled in Paris in 1943, and this would be her home for most of her life up until her death in 2002.
Career.
Illustration.
In Paris, De Nobili began doing illustrations of the haute couture collections for various magazines, especially "Vogue".
Theater.
Lila De Nobili created stage and costume designs for many of the most important productions of her time, including "Angel Pavement" (1947), "Le voleur d'enfants" (1948), "A Streetcar Named Desire" (1949), "La Petite Lili" (1951), "Anna Karenine" (1951), "Gigi" (1951), "Cyrano de Bergerac" (1953), "The Country Girl" (1954), "The Crucible" (1954), "La Plume de Ma Tante" (1958), "L'Arlésienne" (1958), "Carmen" (1959) and "The Aspern Papers" (1961).
She went on to work on numerous collaborations with Luchino Visconti, working with him at the La Scala opera house in Milan, and Franco Zeffirelli, as well as working with Peter Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18494201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494201" title="Russells Mills Village Historic District">
Russells Mills Village Historic District

Russells Mills Village Historic District is a historic district on Russells Mills, Rock O' Dundee, Slades Corner, Horseneck and Fisher Roads in Dartmouth, Massachusetts. Russells Mills Village is approximately 4.5 miles south of US Route 6. 
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18494219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494219" title="Ruggles Park">
Ruggles Park

Ruggles Park is a historic park in Fall River, Massachusetts. It covers about 9 acres within a densely populated working class neighborhood bounded by Seabury, Robeson, Pine, and Locust Streets, just north of the Granite Mills.
The land for park was originally part of the Rodman Farm. In 1868, the city purchased 15 acres that included a fine natural plantation known as Ruggles Grove. It was redesigned in 1903 by the Olmstead Brothers. 
It is one of three Olmstead parks in the city, along with Kennedy Park (originally known as South Park) and North Park (part of the Highlands Historic District).
Ruggles park was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. 

</doc>
<doc id="18494245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494245" title="Begusarai (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Begusarai (Lok Sabha constituency)

Begusarai Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India.
Assembly segments.
From the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, Begusarai Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following seven Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:

</doc>
<doc id="18494258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494258" title="Notre Dame School (Fall River, Massachusetts)">
Notre Dame School (Fall River, Massachusetts)

Notre Dame School is a historic former school building located at 34 St. Joseph's Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1899, and designed by local architect and parish member Louis G. Destremps, who also designed the nearby St. Joseph's Orphanage and Notre Dame de Lourdes Church.
The large three story brick parochial school was built in the Colonial Revival style. Its full entablature is enhanced by small brackets and dentils. The central entrance is recessed with a covered entry supported by fluted Doric columns. The base is constructed from locally-quarried Fall River granite The school opened in the fall of 1900 and was known at the time as Notre Dame College.
The school was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The school closed in June 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="18494273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494273" title="Norton House (Swansea, Massachusetts)">
Norton House (Swansea, Massachusetts)

Norton House is a historic colonial house at 61 Old Providence Road in Swansea, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1779 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18494285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494285" title="Norton Center Historic District">
Norton Center Historic District

Norton Center Historic District is a historic district on MA 123 in Norton, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18494318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494318" title="Nathan Read House">
Nathan Read House

Nathan Read House is a historic house at 506 North Main Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. The house was built in 1845 by Nathan Read, owner of Nathan Read & Co., a Hat, Cap and Fur store. 
It is part of a cluster Greek Revival houses built on North Main Street after the Great 1843 fire that destroyed much of downtown Fall River. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18494330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494330" title="Quequechan Valley Mills Historic District">
Quequechan Valley Mills Historic District

Quequechan Valley Mills Historic District is a historic district located on Quequechan, Jefferson, and Stevens Streets between Interstate-195 and Denver Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
History.
The Quequechan Valley Mills Historic District represents the last major area of textile mills developed in Fall River from the late 1890s into the early 1900s. The mills here are typically much wider than those built in other parts of the city during the 1870s. 
In 2009 and 2010, three of the mills in the district were demolished to make way for commercial development, including Hargraves Mill No. 2 (formerly Quaker Fabrics), Parker Mills and Barnaby Mills (formerly Frito-Lay and Quality Outlets).
Mills.
The contributing properties include:

</doc>
<doc id="18494332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494332" title="Squalicum High School">
Squalicum High School

Squalicum High School is a public school in Bellingham, Washington, and is part of the Bellingham School District. The school serves the northeast population of Bellingham, including the area surrounding Lake Whatcom. Squalicum takes students from Shuksan Middle School and Whatcom Middle School.
History.
Squalicum opened in September, 1998 as part of a project titled "High Schools of the Future." The school was designed with three administrative "houses" - Mountain, Bay and Sky - which have views of Mount Baker, Bellingham Bay and open scenery, respectively. Built on a wetland, the building had to deal with a number of environmental concerns. Squalicum absorbed the students of Bellingham High School for two years while the latter was being remodeled.
Squalicum High School mission statement is for the community that exists to promote the intellectual, physical, social and emotional development of its students which, in turn, will allow them to be successful in a diverse and changing world.
Athletics.
The most notable of the eighteen varsity sports teams at Squalicum is the Girls Cross Country team, who won state championships in 2003, 2004 and 2006, and finished in the top three in state every year from 2002-2008. Most recently, the Boys Basketball team finished third in state in 2008, also in 2008 the Boys and Girls Cross Country teams each finished third in state. In 2009, the Boys Varsity Basketball team took first place overall in the 2A section and repeated as state champions again in 2010.
Activities.
Squalicum boasts over 25 different clubs in various areas.
Academic.
AVID, Bridge Building, Culinary, Debate, Environmental, FBLA, DECA, Honor Society, Prevention, Teen Court, Game Design
Performing Arts.
Band, Choir, Orchestra, Drama
Service.
Rotary Interact, Key, Mentors
Social.
Anime, Breakers, Cheerleading, GSA, Guitar, Hiking, Iron & Silk, Mariachi, Mecha, United Diversity, Zodiac 
Alma mater.
"Mountain tall and sky of blue; <br> Squalicum we sing to you. <br> Storm is brewing 'cross the bay; <br> Cresting waves of blue and gray. <br> Building pride and teaching wisdom; <br> Strength in honor, truth, conviction. <br> Mighty Storm we sing this song to you. <br> Squalicum to you we'll all be true."
Fight song.
"Stand aside for Squalicum our Storm is on the way <br> Mountain, Bay, and Sky unite for victory today (rah, rah, rah) <br> Lightning, thunder fight for the win <br> Awesome power, never give in <br> Win one for Squalicum,
We're the home of the Mighty Storm <br> See our lightning (clap x8) Hear our thunder (stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp) <br> S. T. O. R. M.<br> Stand aside for Squalicum our Storm is on the way <br> Mountain, Bay, and Sky unite for victory today (rah, rah, rah) <br> Lightning, thunder fight for the win <br> Awesome power, never give in <br> Win one for Squalicum, We're the home of the Mighty Storm
Notable Alumni.
Bronwyn Crossman, University of Oregon intercollegiate distance runner and 2011 Seattle Marathon Champion (half marathon, women's division).
Jobe M. Ashby, Washington State University, 2012 (WPC) World Powerlifting Champion - Bench Press - Teen division - 56 Kilo weight class, WPC World Record holder - Bench Press - Teen division - 56 Kilo weight class, (APF) American Powerlifting Federation American Record holder - Bench Press - Teen division - 56 Kilo weight class, (USAPL) USA Powerlifting American & National Record holder - Bench Press - Teen division - 60 Kilo weight class.
http://www.worldpowerliftingcongress.com/Records/RAW%20WPC%20BENCH%20RECORDS.htm
http://www.goheavy.net/records/viewrecordset.aspx?recordsetguid=46dece8c-4348-4deb-9aef-d5f883b6c5f4
http://happyvalley.bellinghamschools.org/other/district-students-staff-and-schools-make-news
http://www.worldpowerliftingcongress.com/Records/APF%20RAW%20Bench.htm
Hannah Dashiell 

</doc>
<doc id="18494344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494344" title="Farm Credit Council">
Farm Credit Council

The Farm Credit Council is the national trade association of the Farm Credit System, a U.S. network of borrower-owned cooperative lending institutions and service organizations. The Farm Credit Council represents the Farm Credit System in legislative and regulatory lobbying before the United States Congress government and state legislatures.
The Farm Credit Council was established in 1983 and is headquartered in Washington, D.C. It is governed by a 23-person board that implements policy positions. The board consists of representatives from regional Farm Credit Council districts and banks within the Farm Credit System.
In recent years, the Farm Credit Council has sought to expand the mission of the Farm Credit System. Beginning in 2004, it coordinated efforts to leverage support for HORIZONS, a three-pronged program that would have broadened the Farm Credit System’s ability to increase its credit options for farm- and fishing-related businesses, readjust the requirements for the minimum requirements for Farm Credit System stock purchase requirements, and allow the Farm Credit System to expand its residential real estate lending outreach to communities with a population of up to 50,000 (a 1971 Congressional mandate limited Farm Credit System mortgage activities to communities with 2,500 people or less). HORIZONS was included in an original version of the 2007 Farm Bill, but it was removed before the bill went to a committee vote.
In 2008, in response to the declining number of Americans working in agriculture, the Farm Credit Council created a new staff position to encourage outreach and support for young and first-time farmers and ranchers and for minority farmers.

</doc>
<doc id="18494345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494345" title="Pocasset Firehouse No. 7">
Pocasset Firehouse No. 7

Pocasset Firehouse No. 7 is a historic former fire station at located 1058 Pleasant Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. Built in 1873, it is one of four extant firehouses within the city designed by Boston architects Hartwell & Swasey in the Ruskinian Gothic style. The others include the Quequechan No. 1 on Prospect Street, the Massasoit No. 5 on Freedom Street, the Anawan No. 6 Firehouse on North Main Street.
In 1895, an extension was built on the west side of the main structure to accommodate of a hook and ladder truck. A portion of the building was used as a police station. The Pocasset Firehouse was built to serve the Flint Village section of the city. It operated as a fire station until 1988, when the Flint Reney/Eastwood Fire Station opened on Eastern Avenue.
The station was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It now privately owned, and occupied by Baker Sign Works.

</doc>
<doc id="18494350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494350" title="The Wonder Begins">
The Wonder Begins

The Wonder Begins is the debut single and mini album by the South Korean girl group Wonder Girls, produced by Park Jin-young. It was released on February 13, 2007 by JYP Entertainment. It is also known by "Irony" which is the title song with the other name from this record. Three tracks, including "Bad Boy", "It's Not Love", and a remix version of "Irony". "It's Not Love" was a reissued single two months later on April 27, 2007.
A music video was produced for "Irony" to promote the song. Wonder Girls showed the first live performance of "Irony" at the MBC TV series "Music Core" on February 10, 2007.
Popular music critics of Korean web magazine "IZM", Jeong Seong-Ha (), Han Dong-Yoon (), Yoon Jee-Hoon (), said the routine of producer Jin-young's African American music style, and the tasteless song about "Irony" in common. In spite of pointing out like this, The song had a moderate chart performance.
Singles.
"Irony" was the lead single from album. It was released on February 13, 2007 by JYP Entertainment. A music video was produced for "Irony" to promote the song. Wonder Girls showed the first live performance of "Irony" at the MBC TV series Music Core on February 10, 2007. The songs from their debut single that featured Hyuna were left intact with her singing vocals, however, her rap vocals were re-recorded over by Yubin for first studio album, "The Wonder Years".
"It's Not Love" was the second single to be released from the album on April 27, 2007. It was released by JYP Entertainment as the digital download that title was "It's Not Love ~Tears~" (미안한 마음 ~Tears~).
Charts.
The chart positions are based on data from Music Industry Association Korea. Unlike Oricon Chart and the "Billboard" Chart, the charts are released monthly, not weekly.

</doc>
<doc id="18494355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494355" title="Nalanda (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Nalanda (Lok Sabha constituency)

Nalanda Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Nalanda Lok Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following seven Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
The following is the list of the Members of Parliament elected from this constituency

</doc>
<doc id="18494357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494357" title="Pine Street School">
Pine Street School

Pine Street School is a historic former school building located at 880 Pine Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. The wood-framed school was built in 1876 in the Italianate style. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. At that time, it was the oldest school building in the city still in use. It was converted into apartments in the late 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18494360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494360" title="Ibrahim El Batout">
Ibrahim El Batout

Ibrahim El Batout is an Egyptian filmmaker, based in Cairo, Egypt. Born in Port Said on 20 September 1963.
He has worked as a director, producer and cameraman capturing stories mainly about human loss, suffering, and displacement since 1987. He has directed numerous documentaries for international TV channels, such as ZDF, TBS, and ARTE. His documentary work has been honored by the Rory Peck Trust (2003), and has received the Axel Springer Award in Germany (1994 and 2000). As well as that his drama "Ein Shams" took home the Golden Bull, the top prize at the 54th Taormina Film Festival, 2008.
Ein Shams (The Eye of the Sun).
Synopsis
From once being the capital of Egypt during the Pharaonic era and a sacred location marked by the visit of Jesus and the Virgin Mary, Ein Shams has become one of Cairo's poorest and most neglected neighbourhoods. Through the eyes of Shams, an eleven-year-old girl inhabitant of this neighborhood, the film captures the sadness and magic that envelops everyday life in Egypt. In a series of heart-rending events, the diverse characters of the film showcase the intricacies of Egypt's political system and social structure, and give a glimpse into the grievances of the Middle East region and the complex relationships of its nations.

</doc>
<doc id="18494363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494363" title="Ciceu-Mihăiești">
Ciceu-Mihăiești

Ciceu-Mihăieşti (; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Ciceu-Corabia ("Csicsóújfalu"; "Neudorf"), Ciceu-Mihăieşti and Leleşti ("Lábfalva"; "Albendorf"). These were part of Petru Rareş Commune until 2005, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18494381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494381" title="MSpot">
MSpot

mSpot Inc. is the developer of Samsung Music Hub – an all-in-one mobile music service that includes a streaming catalog, cloud music storage, radio, and music store. The service is currently available for Samsung smart mobile devices in the U.S. and EU countries including, UK, France, Germany, Italy and Spain. mSpot became a wholly owned, independently operated subsidiary of Samsung Electronics, in May 2012: in July, 2013, mSpot employees became the Music Team for Samsung's Media Solutions Center.
mSpot was founded in 2004 by Daren Tsui and Ed Ho, now CEO and CTO respectively. The company was initially launched as a mobile radio service. In early 2005, Sprint was building the first 2.5 G network and requested mSpot to provide one of the first mobile radio channels for the first service. Initially the service launches with 8 music channels and 5 talk channels (NPR, Acuweather); and is soon expanded to provide sports and entertainment channels, including premium content channels like NPR, and sports. Soon after, mSpot launches a white-labeled mobile entertainment platform offering music and video content, which is later licensed by other wireless carriers including AT&T and T-Mobile.
In 2006, mSpot begins offering full-length mobile movies that are streamed over wireless networks. Studios that first offered content for the service include, Disney and Universal: Scar Face is the first mobile movie offered on mSpot Movies, initially offered on Sprint.
In early 2008, Island Def Jam partners with mSpot to bring label-sponsored radio to mSpot Radio. In May 2010, mSpot Music becomes one of the first "cloud" music services available in the U.S., ahead of Google Music and similar services from Apple and others 

</doc>
<doc id="18494384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494384" title="Capt. Mial Pierce Farm">
Capt. Mial Pierce Farm

Capt. Mial Pierce Farm is a historic farm at 177 Hornbine Road in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1800 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18494390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494390" title="Coșbuc, Bistrița-Năsăud">
Coșbuc, Bistrița-Năsăud

Coşbuc (until 1925 "Hordou"; ; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. Since the village of Bichigiu was transferred to Telciu commune in 2004, Coşbuc remains the commune's only village.
The poet George Coşbuc was born here in 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="18494391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494391" title="Dumitra">
Dumitra

Dumitra (; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Cepari ("Tschippendorf"; "Csépán"), Dumitra and Tărpiu ("Treppen"; "Szásztörpény").

</doc>
<doc id="18494395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494395" title="Old Weir Stove Building">
Old Weir Stove Building

Old Weir Stove Company was an historic industrial building located at West Water Street in Weir Village, Taunton, Massachusetts. The site was located directly on the west bank of the Taunton River.
The factory was built in 1902 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It was later occupied by F.B. Rogers Silver Company.
The Weir Stove Company was originally located on the west side of West Water Street, but expanded to this site in 1902. The company was later known as the Glenwood Stove Company.
In May–June 2009, the site was demolished, except for a small portion at the north end of the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18494396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494396" title="Dumitrița">
Dumitrița

Dumitriţa (; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Budacu de Sus ("Felsőbudak"; "Rumänisch-Budak"), Dumitriţa and Ragla ("Rágla"; "Ragelsdorf"). These were part of Cetate Commune until 2002, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18494399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494399" title="Feldru">
Feldru

Feldru () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Feldru and Nepos ("Várorja").

</doc>
<doc id="18494400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494400" title="Galații Bistriței">
Galații Bistriței

Galaţii Bistriţei () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Albeştii Bistriţei ("Kisfehéregyház"), Dipşa ("Dipse"), Galaţii Bistriţei, Herina (; ) and Tonciu ("Tacs").
At the 2011 census, 80.4% of inhabitants were Romanians, 9.3% Hungarians and 8.7% Roma.

</doc>
<doc id="18494404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494404" title="Ilva Mică">
Ilva Mică

Ilva Mică () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Ilva Mică.

</doc>
<doc id="18494405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494405" title="Josenii Bârgăului">
Josenii Bârgăului

Josenii Bârgăului () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Josenii Bârgăului, Mijlocenii Bârgăului ("Középborgó"), Rusu Bârgăului ("Oroszborgó") and Strâmba ("Dornavölgyitelep").

</doc>
<doc id="18494406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494406" title="Leșu">
Leșu

Leşu () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Leşu and Lunca Leşului.

</doc>
<doc id="18494410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494410" title="Lechința">
Lechința

Lechința (; ) is a commune in Bistrița-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bungard ("Szászbongárd"), Chiraleș ("Kerlés"), Lechința, Sângeorzu Nou ("Szászszentgyörgy"), Sâniacob ("Szászszentjakab"), Țigău ("Cegőtelke") and Vermeș ("Vermes").
At the 2011 census, 72% of inhabitants were Romanians, 19.2% Roma, 8.4% Hungarians and 0.2% Germans.

</doc>
<doc id="18494414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494414" title="The Great American Bash (2005)">
The Great American Bash (2005)

The Great American Bash (2005) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was the second annual event and took place on July 24, 2005, at the HSBC Arena in Buffalo, New York. The event featured wrestlers and other talent that performed on the SmackDown! program.
The main event was Batista defending the World Heavyweight Championship against John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL). JBL won the match after Batista was disqualified, but did not win the title because a championship can only be won via pinfall or submission. One of the featured matches on the undercard was Rey Mysterio versus Eddie Guerrero, which Mysterio won by Pinfall. The other was Orlando Jordan versus Chris Benoit for the WWE United States Championship, which Jordan won, also by pinfall.
The event grossed over $375,000 in ticket sales from an attendance of 8,000, and received about 233,000 pay-per-view buys, the same amount as the following year's event. This enabled WWE's pay-per-view revenue to increase by $4.7 million from the previous year. When the 2005 event was released on DVD, it reached a peak position of second on "Billboard"'s DVD Sales Chart. The event was also available free of charge for Armed Forces members and their families.
Background.
The Great American Bash event featured a card, which contained matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds, plots and storylines. Wrestlers portrayed either a villainous or fan favorite gimmick as they followed a series of events which generally built tension, leading to a wrestling match. The name of a wrestler's character was not always the person's birth name, as wrestlers often use a stage name to portray their character.
The main event at The Great American Bash was a standard wrestling match for the World Heavyweight Championship, in which Batista defended the championship against John "Bradshaw" Layfield (JBL). The buildup to the match began when WWE Champion John Cena was drafted to the Raw brand, taking the title with him and leaving SmackDown! without a top-tier championship for the heavyweight division. General Manager Theodore Long, a portrayed match maker and rules enforcer, announced a match between six wrestlers for a new top-tier SmackDown! championship. On the June 30 episode of the "SmackDown!" television program, the match took place between JBL, Chris Benoit, Christian, Booker T, Muhammad Hassan, and The Undertaker. JBL was victorious in the match, but Long announced that he was still not the champion. Instead he had won the right to a match against the World Heavyweight Champion, Batista, who was SmackDown!'s final 2005 draft pick, making the World Heavyweight Championship exclusive to SmackDown!.
On the July 14 episode of "SmackDown!", Batista defeated Orlando Jordan in a standard match after performing a Batista Bomb. After the match, JBL successfully attacked Batista by executing a clothesline. The following week on "SmackDown!", JBL, who was accompanied by Jordan, threw himself a celebration party with the belief that he had already won the World Heavyweight Championship. Batista appeared, and as JBL fled the scene, performed a spinebuster on Jordan.
The event also featured a feud between Rey Mysterio and Eddie Guerrero. At the No Way Out event, Guerrero and Mysterio won the WWE Tag Team Championships from the Basham Brothers. After Guerrero and Mysterio lost the championships, Guerrero then began to portray a villainous character, turning on Mysterio in the process. At WrestleMania, Mysterio defeated Guerrero in a standard match. On the April 21 episode of "SmackDown!", MNM (Johnny Nitro and Joey Mercury) defeated Mysterio and Guerrero to win the tag team championship. On the April 28 episode of "SmackDown!", Guerrero and Mysterio faced MNM in a rematch for the title, but MNM retained them after pinning Mysterio for the win. At the Judgment Day event, Mysterio defeated Guerrero by disqualification, and on the June 30 episode of "SmackDown!", the rivalry between Guerrero and Mysterio continued when Guerrero threatened to reveal a secret concerning Mysterio's son Dominick. Both the Mysterio and Guerrero families continued to beg Guerrero to not reveal the secret. A match was made between Mysterio and Guerrero for The Great American Bash, where if Mysterio won, Guerrero could not reveal the secret, but if Guerrero won, he would be able to reveal the secret on live television.
The third predominant feud prior to the event was between Chris Benoit and Orlando Jordan for the WWE United States Championship. On the July 7 edition of "SmackDown!", Benoit defeated Booker T in a match to become the new Number One contender for the title. As a result of his winning the match and becoming the number-one contender, Long granted Benoit a match against Jordan for The Great American Bash.
Event.
Before the pay-per-view went live, a match took place on the "Sunday Night Heat" pre-show between Paul London and Nunzio for the WWE Cruiserweight Championship, which London won to retain the title.
Preliminary matches.
The first match on the card was between MNM (Johnny Nitro and Joey Mercury, managed by Melina) and The Legion of Doom (Heidenreich and Road Warrior Animal) for the WWE Tag Team Championship. During the match, Nitro hit Animal with one of the championship belts, but Animal retaliated by powerslamming him. Animal and Heidenreich then performed the doomsday device, on Nitro and got the pin to win the match and capture the titles. This began their reign as WWE Tag Team Champions.
The next match was between Booker T (managed by Sharmell) and Christian. Booker T won the match after using his scissor kick. The following match was between Orlando Jordan and Chris Benoit for the WWE United States Championship. During the match, Jordan removed the top turnbuckle pad before Benoit attempted to slam Jordan. Jordan avoided the attack and instead forced Benoit to run into the exposed turnbuckle. Jordan got the pin to win the match and retain the title.
The fourth match was between The Undertaker and Muhammad Hassan (managed by Daivari). During Hassan's entrance, men in masks accompanied him to the ring to represent his Arabic culture. The masked men proceeded to interfered in the match, but Undertaker retaliated and removed all of the masked men from the ring. Midway through the match, Undertaker attempted to use a Tombstone piledriver on Hassan, but Hassan escaped the move and attempted to hit Undertaker with a clothesline. The Undertaker countered by chokeslamming Hassan. Undertaker scored the pinfall on Hassan to win the match.
The next match was between The Mexicools and the Blue World Order in a six-man tag team match. At the match's end, Super Crazy executed a moonsault onto Big Stevie Cool from the top ring rope, and Psicosis performed a leg drop. Psicosis proceeded to pin Big Stevie and win the match for his team.
Main event matches.
The following match was between Rey Mysterio and Eddie Guerrero, where the stipulation was that if Guerrero won the match, he would reveal the secret he has been hiding from the public that neither Mysterio's nor Guerrero's families wanted revealed. If Mysterio won, however, Guerrero would not reveal the secret. Guerrero suplexed Mysterio three times. Afterward, Guerrero performed a frog splash. Guerrero then tried to score the pinfall, but Mysterio countered by pinning Guerrero to win the match. As a result, Guerrero was not able to reveal the secret.
The seventh match was between Melina and Torrie Wilson (managed by Candice Michelle, who was also the guest referee), in a Bra and Panties match. The only way to win a "Bra and Panties" match is for a wrestler to strip her opponent down to her underwear. At the start of the match, Melina pulled off Wilson's shirt to reveal her bra, but Wilson retaliated and pulled off Melina's shirt. Wilson then lifted Melina to her shoulders and dropped her to the mat, while she attempted to pull off her pants, but Melina countered the attack by pulling Wilson's pants off to win the match. Afterward, Michelle stripped Melina and then removed her own clothes, as well.
The main event was between JBL (managed by Orlando Jordan) and Batista for the World Heavyweight Championship. Jordan interfered by attempting to hit Batista with a folding chair, but Batista grabbed the chair from him. Batista then used the chair to hit Jordan and JBL, and JBL was declared the winner, via disqualification. In WWE, a title cannot be won by disqualification, but only by pinfall or submission (the normal scoring conditions in professional wrestling matches). As a result, Batista retained the title.
Aftermath.
The feud between Batista and JBL continued after the Bash. On the July 28 episode of "SmackDown!", JBL defeated The Undertaker after interference from Randy Orton to become the number-one contender for the World Heavyweight Championship at SummerSlam. The following week on "SmackDown!", Batista and JBL held a scripted official contract signing, where it was announced that their match at SummerSlam would be a No Holds Barred match that allowed for no disqualification. At SummerSlam, Batista defeated JBL to retain the World Heavyweight Championship. The feud between the two ended when Batista defeated JBL in a Texas Bullrope match on the September 9 edition of "SmackDown!", a match where the objective is to touch all four ring corners while tied to one's opponent with a bullrope.
On the edition of "SmackDown!" following The Great American Bash, Eddie Guerrero revealed the secret he had been keeping; he was Dominick's real father, not Rey Mysterio (was thought to be). At SummerSlam, Mysterio defeated Guerrero in a ladder match, where the goal is to climb a ladder to retrieve an object that is suspended in the air. As per pre-match stipulations, Mysterio gained complete custody of Dominick. On the September 9 edition of "SmackDown!", Guerrero defeated Mysterio in a steel cage match to end the feud. Guerrero then began a feud with Batista when Guerrero was given a title match at No Mercy. Guerrero, however, died unexpectedly of heart failure on November 13, 2005. In 2006 Guerrero was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame by Mysterio, his nephew Chavo Guerrero, and Chris Benoit.
The feud between Chris Benoit and Orlando Jordan continued. At SummerSlam, Benoit defeated Jordan for the WWE United States Championship in a match that lasted 25.5 seconds. On the September 1 edition of "SmackDown!", Benoit once again defeated Jordan for the title, but this time the match lasted 23.4 seconds. The following week on "SmackDown!", Benoit defeated Jordan in another title match, where the match lasted 22.5 seconds.
Reception.
The HSBC Arena has a maximum capacity of 18,690, but it was reduced for The Great American Bash. The event grossed over $375,000 in ticket sales from an attendance of 8,000, the maximum allowed. The event resulted in 233,000 pay-per-view buys, which was the same amount as the following year's Great American Bash. The promotion's pay-per-view revenue was $21.6 million, greater than the previous year's revenue of $16.9 million. "Canadian Online Explorer"'s professional wrestling section rated the event a five out of ten. The World Heavyweight Championship main event match was rated three out of ten, and the match between Rey Mysterio and Eddie Guerrero received the highest match rating of eight out of ten.
The event was released on DVD on August 23, 2005, by Sony Music Entertainment. The DVD reached seventh on "Billboard"'s DVD Sales Chart for recreational sports during the week of October 8, 2005, and it rose to the fourth spot the following week. It remained on the chart's "top ten" for four consecutive weeks, until the week of December 15, 2005, when it ranked thirteenth.

</doc>
<doc id="18494415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494415" title="Israel Picard House">
Israel Picard House

Israel Picard House is a historic house at 690 County Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1897 for Israel Picard, a granite dealer. The front of the house features elaborate woodwork, while the rear portion of the house is Fall River granite. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18494418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494418" title="Looking for Space">
Looking for Space

"Looking for Space" is a popular song written and performed by the American singer-songwriter John Denver. Released as a single from his album "Windsong", "Looking for Space" peaked at number 29 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the April 1976. On the easy listening chart, the song reached number one to become Denver's seventh to top the chart.
Denver described the themes of the song to "Billboard" magazine: "It's about looking for the definition of who you are, by finding out where you are, not only physically, but mentally and emotionally." The song was inspired by and dedicated to Werner Erhard, whose Erhard Seminars Training program John Denver was associated with at the time.
The song experienced a brief resurgence in popularity in 1987 when it featured prominently in "Limbo", the last episode of season seven of the television series Magnum, P.I., playing in its entirety over the last four minutes of an episode that had originally been intended to serve as a series finale.

</doc>
<doc id="18494430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494430" title="Lunca Ilvei">
Lunca Ilvei

Lunca Ilvei () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Lunca Ilvei.

</doc>
<doc id="18494432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494432" title="Alfred Paull House">
Alfred Paull House

Alfred Paull House is an historic house at 467 Weir Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1860 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18494434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494434" title="Măgura Ilvei">
Măgura Ilvei

Măgura Ilvei () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Arşiţa ("Arsicatelep") and Măgura Ilvei, and also included Poiana Ilvei village until 2003, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18494436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494436" title="Maieru">
Maieru

Maieru (; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Anieş ("Dombhát") and Maieru.

</doc>
<doc id="18494439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494439" title="Matei, Bistrița-Năsăud">
Matei, Bistrița-Năsăud

Matei (; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Bidiu ("Bödön"), Corvineşti ("Kékesújfalu"), Enciu ("Szászencs"), Fântânele ("Újős"), Matei and Moruţ ("Aranyosmóric").
At the 2011 census, 52.3% of inhabitants were Romanians, 40.6% Hungarians, 5.8% Roma and 1.2% Germans.

</doc>
<doc id="18494441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494441" title="Mărișelu">
Mărișelu

Mărişelu (; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bârla ("Berlád"), Domneşti ("Bilak"), Jeica ("Zselyk"), Măgurele ("Serling"), Mărişelu, Neţeni ("Nec") and Sântioana ("Sajószentiván").

</doc>
<doc id="18494445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494445" title="Miceștii de Câmpie">
Miceștii de Câmpie

Miceştii de Câmpie () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Fântâniţa ("Mezőköbölkút"), Miceştii de Câmpie and Visuia ("Mezőviszolya").

</doc>
<doc id="18494450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494450" title="Milaș">
Milaș

Milaş (; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Comlod ("Komlód"), După Deal ("Hegymögött"), Ghemeş ("Gémestanya"), Hirean ("Hirántanya"), Milaş and Orosfaia ("Oroszfája").

</doc>
<doc id="18494451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494451" title="Peck-Bowen House">
Peck-Bowen House

Peck-Bowen House is a historic house at 330 Fairview Avenue in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1770 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18494452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494452" title="Monor, Bistrița-Năsăud">
Monor, Bistrița-Năsăud

Monor () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Gledin ("Gledény") and Monor.

</doc>
<doc id="18494453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494453" title="Negrilești, Bistrița-Năsăud">
Negrilești, Bistrița-Năsăud

Negrileşti () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Breaza ("Emberfő"), Negrileşti and Purcărete ("Porkerec"). These belonged to Ciceu-Giurgești Commune until 2002, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18494456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494456" title="Nimigea">
Nimigea

Nimigea () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Transylvania, Romania, with 5,324 residents. It is composed of eight villages: Floreşti ("Virágosberek"), Mintiu ("Oláhnémeti"), Mititei ("Mittye"), Mocod ("Szamosmakód"), Mogoşeni ("Szamosmagasmart"), Nimigea de Jos (the commune center; "Magyarnemegye"), Nimigea de Sus ("Oláhnemegye") and Tăure ("Tóhát").

</doc>
<doc id="18494459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494459" title="Nușeni">
Nușeni

Nuşeni (; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Beudiu ("Bőd"), Dumbrava ("Nyírmezőtanya"), Feleac ("Fellak"), Malin ("Almásmálom"), Nuşeni, Rusu de Sus ("Felsőoroszfalu") and Viţa ("Vice").
At the 2011 census, 74.4% of inhabitants were Romanians, 25% Hungarians and 0.5% Roma.

</doc>
<doc id="18494462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494462" title="James Perry House">
James Perry House

James Perry House is a historic house at 121 Perryville Road in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1870 and added to the National Historic Register in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18494466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494466" title="Patna (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Patna (Lok Sabha constituency)

Patna (Lok Sabha constituency) was a Lok Sabha constituency in Bihar.

</doc>
<doc id="18494471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494471" title="Osborn Street School">
Osborn Street School

Osborn Street School is a historic school building located at 160 Osborn Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1893, to replace an earlier schoolhouse on the same site. It also briefly served as the city's normal school for training new teachers before it was moved to the William S. Greene School.
The school was one of nine new grammar schools built in the city during the 1890s. It was designed by Frank Irving Cooper, who also designed the similar Coughlin School, along with many other schools throughout New England. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The Osborn Street School was one of about a dozen elementary schools closed in June 2008 by the city. Students were transferred to the newly built Carlton M. Vivieros Elementary School. 

</doc>
<doc id="18494478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494478" title="Petru Rareș, Bistrița-Năsăud">
Petru Rareș, Bistrița-Năsăud

Petru Rareş is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Baţa ("Baca") and Reteag (the commune centre; ; ). It also included Ciceu-Mihăieşti, Ciceu-Corabia and Leleşti villages until 2005, when these were split off to form Ciceu-Mihăiești Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18494480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494480" title="Poiana Ilvei">
Poiana Ilvei

Poiana Ilvei () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Poiana Ilvei, part of Măgura Ilvei Commune until 2003, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18494485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494485" title="Rebrișoara">
Rebrișoara

Rebrişoara () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Gersa I, Gersa II (both "Gertia"), Poderei ("Szamosontuli") and Rebrişoara.

</doc>
<doc id="18494486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494486" title="Osborn House">
Osborn House

Osborn House is a historic house at 456 Rock Street in Fall River, Massachusetts, built in the Greek Revival style.
The house was designed by Rhode Island architect Russell Warren for Joseph Durfee in 1843.
Four years after the house was built, Joseph Durfee died, and the house was then occupied by his daughter Elizabeth who had married William Carr in 1848. In 1880 the Carr's daughter Delia married James Osborn. The house remained in the Osborn family until 1951 when it was given to the Presbyterian Church, next door.
The church sold the house in 1977 to Federico Santi & John Gacher who restored the house and had it placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
They sold the house in 1985.
Today, the house is occupied by several offices, and is commonly known as the Carr-Osborn House.

</doc>
<doc id="18494487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494487" title="Romuli">
Romuli

Romuli () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Dealu Ştefăniţei ("Szalanca") and Romuli.

</doc>
<doc id="18494491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494491" title="Runcu Salvei">
Runcu Salvei

Runcu Salvei () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Runcu Salvei, and was part of Salva Commune until 2005, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18494500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494500" title="Sânmihaiu de Câmpie">
Sânmihaiu de Câmpie

Sânmihaiu de Câmpie () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Brăteni ("Mezőbarátfalva"), La Curte ("Köbölkútitanyák"), Sălcuţa ("Fűzkút"), Sânmihaiu de Câmpie, Stupini ("Mezősolymos") and Zoreni ("Lompérd").

</doc>
<doc id="18494501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494501" title="Silivașu de Câmpie">
Silivașu de Câmpie

Silivaşu de Câmpie () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Draga ("Drágatanya"), Fânaţele Silivaşului ("Bircágtanya"), Porumbenii ("Jobojtanya") and Silivaşu de Câmpie.

</doc>
<doc id="18494504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494504" title="Old Town Historic District (North Attleborough, Massachusetts)">
Old Town Historic District (North Attleborough, Massachusetts)

Old Town Historic District is a historic district southeast of the junction of I-295 and Washington Street in North Attleborough, Massachusetts. It includes a small cluster of buildings near the junction of Old Post Road and Mt. Hope Street, including the First Congregational Church, an old schoolhouse, and a powder magazine built in 1768.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18494506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494506" title="Spermezeu">
Spermezeu

Spermezeu () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Dobricel ("Kisdebrek"), Dumbrăviţa ("Dögmező"), Hălmăsău ("Helmesaljavölgy"), Lunca Borlesei, Păltineasa ("Jávorvölgy"), Sita ("Szita"), Spermezeu and Şesuri Spermezeu-Vale ("Síktelep"). Dobricel and Dumbrăviţa were part of Căianu Mic Commune until 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18494507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494507" title="Șanț">
Șanț

Şanţ (; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Şanţ and Valea Mare ("Máriavölgy").

</doc>
<doc id="18494508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494508" title="22nd meridian east">
22nd meridian east

The meridian 22° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, the Atlantic Ocean, Europe, Africa, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 22nd meridian east forms a great circle with the 158th meridian west.
Part of the border between Angola and Zambia is defined by the meridian.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 22nd meridian east passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18494509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494509" title="Șieu, Bistrița-Năsăud">
Șieu, Bistrița-Năsăud

Şieu (; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Ardan ("Garendorf"; "Árdány"), Posmuş ("Paßbusch"; "Paszmos"), Şieu and Şoimuş ("Almesch"; "Sajósolymos").

</doc>
<doc id="18494511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494511" title="Șieu-Odorhei">
Șieu-Odorhei

Şieu-Odorhei () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Agrişu de Jos ("Alsóegres"), Agrişu de Sus ("Felsőegres"), Bretea ("Magyarberéte"), Coasta ("Sajókiskeresztúr"), Cristur-Şieu ("Bethlenkeresztúr"), Şieu-Odorhei and Şirioara ("Sajósárvár").
At the 2011 census, 91.1% of inhabitants were Romanians and 8.3% Hungarians.

</doc>
<doc id="18494512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494512" title="Șieu-Măgheruș">
Șieu-Măgheruș

Şieu-Măgheruş () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Arcalia ("Árokalja"), Chintelnic ("Kentelke"), Crainimăt ("Királynémeti"), Podirei ("Pogyerej"), Sărăţel ("Szeretfalva"), Şieu-Măgheruş and Valea Măgheruşului ("Sajómagyarósi völgy").

</doc>
<doc id="18494515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494515" title="Șieuț">
Șieuț

Şieuţ (; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Lunca ("Friss"), Ruştior ("Sajósebes"), Sebiş ("Sajófelsősebes") and Şieuţ.

</doc>
<doc id="18494516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494516" title="Manatawny, Pennsylvania">
Manatawny, Pennsylvania

Manatawny is an unincorporated community in Berks County, Pennsylvania. It is located at the junction on PA Route 73 and Hoch Road in Oley Township, a short distance from Pleasantville.
The place name Manatawny is Algonquian in origin.

</doc>
<doc id="18494518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494518" title="Prime Cuts &amp; Glazed Donuts">
Prime Cuts &amp; Glazed Donuts

Prime Cuts & Glazed Donuts is a collection of previously recorded demos released by manager Mark Dawson and Linda McDonald of the American all-female heavy metal band Phantom Blue. Song writers Michelle Meldrum and Nicole Couch and bassist Kim Nielsen-Parsons were no longer in the band. The tracks were recorded by the original members during their pre-production days with Geffen, with the exception of "Saturday Morning Brain Damage," which was recorded before the band signed with Shrapnel Records. Debra Armstrong was the bassist on this particular track. "Strange Blue Mercy" and "Mutha" were originally released in the "My Misery" single in 1993.
Track listing.
All songs written by Michelle Meldrum and Nicole Couch except where indicated:
Personnel.
with

</doc>
<doc id="18494519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494519" title="Șintereag">
Șintereag

Şintereag () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Blăjenii de Jos ("Alsóbalázsfalva"), Blăjenii de Sus ("Felsőbalázsfalva"), Caila ("Kajla"), Cociu ("Szamoskócs"), Şieu-Sfântu ("Sajószentandrás"), Şintereag and Şintereag-Gară ("Somkeréki állomás").

</doc>
<doc id="18494520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494520" title="Târlișua">
Târlișua

Târlişua () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of ten villages: Agrieş ("Felsőpusztaegres"), Agrieşel ("Alsóegres"), Borleasa ("Lonkafalva"), Cireaşi, Lunca Sătească, Molişet ("Molisetitanya"), Oarzina ("Úrivölgy"), Răcăteşu ("Rakatyestanya"), Şendroaia ("Sándorvölgy") and Târlişua.

</doc>
<doc id="18494521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494521" title="Teaca">
Teaca

Teaca (; : ) is a commune in Bistrița-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Archiud ("Mezőerked"), Budurleni ("Budurló"), Ocnița ("Mezőakna"; "Salzgruben"), Pinticu ("Szászpéntek"; "Pintak"), Teaca and Viile Tecii ("Kolozsnagyida"; "Grosseidau").

</doc>
<doc id="18494523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494523" title="Buxar (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Buxar (Lok Sabha constituency)

Buxar Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Buxar Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following six Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
The following is the list of the Members of Parliament elected from this constituency

</doc>
<doc id="18494524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494524" title="Telciu">
Telciu

Telciu (; ) is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bichigiu (part of Coşbuc until 2004; "Bükkös"), Fiad ("Bánffytelep"), Telcişor and Telciu.

</doc>
<doc id="18494526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494526" title="Tiha Bârgăului">
Tiha Bârgăului

Tiha Bârgăului () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Ciosa ("Csószahegy"), Mureşenii Bârgăului ("Marosborgó"), Piatra Fântânele ("Báránykő"), Tiha Bârgăului and Tureac ("Turjágó").

</doc>
<doc id="18494528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494528" title="Uriu">
Uriu

Uriu () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Cristeştii Ciceului ("Csicsókeresztúr"), Hăşmaşu Ciceului ("Csicsóhagymás"), Ilişua ("Alsóilosva") and Uriu.

</doc>
<doc id="18494531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494531" title="Urmeniș">
Urmeniș

Urmeniş () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of ten villages: Câmp, Coşeriu, Delureni ("Mezőújlak"), Fânaţe ("Szarvadi szénafűdűlő"), Podenii ("Kisújlak"), Scoabe, Şopteriu ("Septér"), Urmeniş, Valea ("Fundáta") and Valea Mare ("Völgytanya").

</doc>
<doc id="18494535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494535" title="Zagra, Bistrița-Năsăud">
Zagra, Bistrița-Năsăud

Zagra () is a commune in Bistriţa-Năsăud County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Alunişul ("Gaurény"), Perişor ("Bethlenkörtvélyes"), Poienile Zagrei ("Pojény"), Suplai ("Ciblesfalva") and Zagra.

</doc>
<doc id="18494551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494551" title="D. E. Makepeace Company">
D. E. Makepeace Company

D. E. Makepeace Company is a historic building at 46 Pine Street in Attleboro, Massachusetts.
The building was built in 1899 and added to the National Historic Register in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18494553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494553" title="LLDB">
LLDB

__NOTOC__
LLDB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18494559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494559" title="Miron Merzhanov">
Miron Merzhanov

Miron Ivanovich Merzhanov, born Meran Merzhanyantz (, September 23, 1895 – December 1975), was a Soviet architect of Armenian descent, notable for being the de facto personal architect of Joseph Stalin in 1933–1941. Arrested in 1942 on political charges, Merzhanov continued professional work as a sharashka architect, designing numerous public buildings in the Black Sea region, Krasnoyarsk and Komsomolsk-na-Amure.
Biography.
Meran Merzhanyantz was born to a middle-class Armenian family in Nor Nakhichevan (today the district of Rostov-on-Don). On the eve of World War I he graduated from high school and was admitted to Saint Petersburg Institute of Civil Engineers. Merzhanyantz was eventually drafted into the Russian Army and served in deep rear training units. After the Russian revolution of 1917 he deserted and returned to Rostov. When faced with mandatory draft into Denikin's front-line troops, he preferred to volunteer with the military engineers, again escaping combat service. With the fall of the White movement, Merzhanyantz relocated to Krasnodar. There, in 1920–1923, he completed engineering training at a local college and married Elizaveta Khodzhaeva, daughter of a successful architect from Kislovodsk.
Throughout the 1920s Merzhanov (using a Russian version of his surname) was active in the Mineral Waters area (Essentuki, Kislovodsk, Pyatigorsk). His designs of 1920s belong to the constructivist architecture school with a neoclassical monumental impact and visual "dematerialization" of load-bearing structures. Merzhanov's trademark details were corner balconies and setbacks breaking through otherwise flat-wall surfaces. Later, he cited Ivan Zholtovsky and Frank Lloyd Wright as his principal sources.
In 1929 Merzhanov won a contest to design a Red Army sanatorium in Sochi, sponsored by the Commissar of Defense Kliment Voroshilov. Voroshilov and Merzhanov became close friends for life, staying in contact after Merzhanov's arrest in 1943 and Voroshilov's forced retirement in 1960. This constructivist project, completed in 1934, and the nearby funicular ramp became an iconic landmark of 1930s Sochi, elevating Merzhanov to the upper tier of Soviet architects. It was followed by two more sanatoriums in Sochi in "grand" style of Stalinist architecture, a Bocharov Ruchey dacha settlement and public buildings in Moscow and Komsomolsk. 
In summer of 1933 he was summoned to design a single-story residence in Kuntsevo that became Joseph Stalin's Kuntsevo Dacha () and where the dictator died in 1953. Merzhanov met Stalin in person later, in 1934, when the architect received another commission for a large summer house in Matsesta on the Black Sea. Stalin made a peculiar request - "no fountains"; Merzhanov, however, squeezed in a natural-looking pool. More dachas for Stalin and top statesmen were built to Merzhanov's design in Gagra and Sochi area in 1935-1937. This time, according to Merzhanov, Stalin did not issue any direct advice, fully relying on the architect. Their relationships remained strictly official, never crossing the line of subordination.
Modest, modernist-but-not-constructivist appearance of Stalin's houses may indicate that the dictator's real personal taste was quite different from the official Stalinist architecture of the period. 
According to the biographer Arkady Akulov, Merzhanov co-designed Golden Stars of Hero of Soviet Union and Hero of Socialist Labour, but his version is not corroborated in mainstream historical sources.
Following the German invasion of 1941, Merzhanov was involved in defense projects in and around Moscow, and stayed in the city when the Academy of Architecture evacuated to Chimkent. In August 1942, Merzhanov, his wife and his associates were arrested. On 27 February 1944 he was extrajudicially sentenced for 10 years in labor camps for Anti-Soviet activities. According to the sentence, testimonies against Merzhanov were produced in advance in 1938, and both witnesses were executed in the same year. Merzhanov was lucky enough to be sent to Komsomolsk camps where city authorities, who collaborated with him as a free professional in the 1930s, extricated him from the barracks. For the next five years he headed a construction sharashka. Merzhanov's public building in Komsomolsk follow the Stalinist style of late 1930s. Meanwhile, his wife perished in the camps and his son, Boris Merzhanov (1929–1983), was arrested in 1948.
In the beginning of 1949, halfway through his jail term, he was summoned to Victor Abakumov, Minister for State Security, and assigned to lead the design and construction of MGB Sanatorium in Sochi. However, Abakumov fell from power in 1951 and Merzhanov was relieved from the half-finished Sochi project. Nevertheless, the palladian Felix Dzerzhinsky Sanatorium, then the largest structure in Sochi, was completed in 1954 to Merzhanov's original plans.
After Stalin's death, Merzhanov ended up in Krasnoyarsk, and headed a local design bureau until 1960 (under city architect Gevorg Kochar, another exiled Armenian). His associate on the Sochi project, Gleb Makarevich, persuaded Merzhanov to continue practice in Moscow. Merzhanov later designed and built two glass office towers in non-descript, Khrushchev-period style. He remained active until a 1971 accident which left him crippled.

</doc>
<doc id="18494566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494566" title="Michael C. Wholley">
Michael C. Wholley

Michael C. Wholley is the current General Counsel for NASA and a retired United States Marine Corps Brigadier General.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Wholley was born on October 7, 1944 in Lawrence, Massachusetts, attending Central Catholic High School. Wholley was commissioned through the Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps program at Harvard University after receiving his B.A. degree in History and Literature in 1966. He holds a J.D. degree from the University of Virginia Law School in 1977; an LL.M degree from George Washington University in Environmental Law and Land Use in 1985; and a master's degree in National Security and Strategic Studies from the Naval War College in 1989.
Military career.
After being commissioned, Wholley attended The Basic School and competed training to become a United States Naval Aviator in 1968. Trained in the F-4 Phantom II, he flew combat missions in the Vietnam War with VMFA-115 and VMFA-542 from February 1969 to February 1970, and was promoted to captain in July. Upon returning to the United States, he was assigned to VMFA-251 at Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort as a pilot, and later, and as the legal officer to Marine Aircraft Groups 31 and 32. In January 1972, he was ordered to duty with the Royal Air Force at RAF Coningsby as an F-4 fighter weapons instructor. At the completion of this tour, he was allowed to attend law school at the University of Virginia, where he received his law degree in 1977.
After completing Naval Justice School, he was assigned to the 2nd Marine Division at Camp Lejeune, where he served as a defense counsel, trial counsel, chief trial counsel, military justice officer, review officer, and deputy staff judge advocate. In December 1979, he was reassigned as the Staff Secretary and served in that position until being transferred to Okinawa as a military judge in July 1981. From 1982 to 1984, he served in the Office of the Judge Advocate General of the Navy as an advisory attorney. In 1984, he was selected for the Special Education Program and attended the George Washington University Law School where he received a Master of Law Degree, with highest honors, in land use management and control (environmental law).
In July 1985, Wholley was assigned to Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point as the Staff Judge Advocate. He was reassigned in July 1987 as the Staff Judge Advocate and Director of Legal Services for 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing. He was promoted to colonel in July 1988 and subsequently attended the Naval War College, Newport, Rhode Island, graduating in June 1989. He was then assigned as Staff Judge Advocate for Marine Corps Combat Development Command at Marine Corps Base Quantico from July 1989 until July 1992. He was then assigned as the Chief Judge, Navy-Marine Corps Trial Judiciary at Washington, D.C.. On April 15, 1993, he was nominated for promotion to brigadier general and assignment as the Staff Judge Advocate to the Commandant of the Marine Corps and Director of the Judge Advocate Division, assuming the billet on September 29, promoted on October 7.
Post-military.
After retiring from the military in 1996, he served as Executive Director of the Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation. In June 2004, Wholley was appointed as the General Counsel for NASA.
Awards.
Wholley was awarded: 

</doc>
<doc id="18494576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494576" title="Theodore L. Marvel House">
Theodore L. Marvel House

Theodore L. Marvel House is a historic house located at 188 Berkley Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. It was built in 1883 in a shingle style and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The irregularly-shaped house features a hipped gable roof and varied wall surface of fieldstone and shingles. Among its most dominant elements are its boldly-arched fieldstone porch, varied fenestration, and connected Shingle Style barn, with sweeping roof, eyebrow windows and large arched entrance, constructed of fieldstone. It is sited on a large landscaped estate.

</doc>
<doc id="18494584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494584" title="Like a Sad Song">
Like a Sad Song

"Like a Sad Song" is the title of a song written and performed by the American singer-songwriter John Denver, released as a single from his 1976 album, "Spirit". Although it only reached number 36 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart, "Like a Sad Song" became Denver's eighth single to reach number one on the easy listening chart within the span of three years.

</doc>
<doc id="18494585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494585" title="Massasoit Fire House No. 5">
Massasoit Fire House No. 5

Massasoit Fire House No. 5 is a historic former fire station located at 83 Freedom Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The building was designed by Boston architects Hartwell & Swasey and was built in 1873. This same firm also designed several other extant fire stations in Fall River during this period, including the Quequechan No. 1, Anawan No. 6 and Pocasset Firehouse No. 7. The building was originally designed to also contain a police station. 
The firehouse was built to serve the Globe Village section of the city. It has since been replaced by the Globe/Kosior Fire Station on Globe Street.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It now contains residential apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="18494589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494589" title="Sasaram (Lok Sabha constituency)">
Sasaram (Lok Sabha constituency)

Sasaram Lok Sabha constituency () is one of the 40 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Bihar state in eastern India.
Assembly segments.
Presently, Sasaram Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following six Vidhan Sabha (legislative assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament.
The following is the list of the Members of Parliament elected from this Lok Sabha constituency:

</doc>
<doc id="18494600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494600" title="9X Generation">
9X Generation

Thế hệ 9X (literally meaning 9X Generation, often referred to simply as 9X) is a Vietnamese term for people born during the 1990s. The usage of 9X was used to refer to both Vietnamese people and people of varying Asian cultures born during the 1990s. The 9X generation of Vietnam refers to those that grew up during the development of Vietnam's economy, information technology, and other influential events that opened Vietnam to the world. They are described as a progressive and rebellious generation: often described as being more confident than members of older generations, they dared to freely pursue personal interests, are more proficient in foreign languages and technology, specifically the Internet, is an important part of their lives; they are also willing to reject established traditions, ignore elder class values, listen to classical music, and follow foreign fashion trends and life styles.

</doc>
<doc id="18494603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494603" title="George Dean House">
George Dean House

George Dean House is a historic house located at 135 Winthrop Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. The house was built in 1871 in the Italianate style. The 2-1/2 story gable front house originally contained clapboard siding with decorative window trims and a large wraparound porch with detailed wood posts. The attic also had two semi-round windows under the front gable. 
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. However, since that time, the house has been covered with vinyl siding and the original windows and decorative wood trim has been removed. The large porch has also been altered.

</doc>
<doc id="18494612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494612" title="Ziemeļu priekšpilsēta (Liepāja)">
Ziemeļu priekšpilsēta (Liepāja)

Ziemeļu priekšpilsēta (North suburbs) is a modern neighborhood in Liepāja, Latvia. Located south from Karosta next to Jaunliepāja. In the recent years there has been a high crime rate and it is considered as an unsafe neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="18494615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494615" title="MacGabhann Architects">
MacGabhann Architects

MacGabhann Architects are an award-winning architect firm based in Letterkenny, County Donegal, Ireland.
History.
MacGabhann Architects was founded in 1975 by Antoin MacGabhann Snr. The company expanded in 1997 when his sons Antoin and Tarla returned from Glasgow and Berlin respectively. Head offices are located in Letterkenny and Belfast. MacGabhann Architects represented Ireland at the 2006 Venice Biennale International Architecture Exhibition. Their design projects range from houses to public and private buildings. MacGabhann Architects won an award for 'Best Building in the Landscape' in Ireland and have also received awards and international acclaim for the Public Services Centre in Letterkenny.
In November 2008 the firm were awarded an ""Opus Award"", in the €2 million to €20 million category, for the Regional Cultural Centre in Letterkenny.
Tarla MacGabhann.
Tarla MacGabhann, "(born 1965)" graduated with a B.A. in architecture from the Bartlett School of Architecture, University College London in 1991. He previously studied at Letterkenny Institute of Technology and Thames College, London. He later Worked for Daniel Libeskind as on the Jewish Museum, Berlin. He lectures at Queen's University Belfast. He taught at HdK Berlin from 1995 to 1997.
Antoin MacGabhann.
Antoin MacGabhann, "(born 1967)" graduated with a B.A. in civil engineering from Trinity College Dublin in 1988 and an M.B.A. from University of Strathclyde, Glasgow in 1995. He worked for WS Atkins in London as a chartered engineer. While in Scotland he was senior manager for Bovis Construction. He is also a visiting lecturer at Letterkenny Institute of Technology.
Notable works.
MacGabhann Architects have designed numerous building around Ireland including:
Awards.
MacGabhann Architects have won the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="18494631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494631" title="William C. Davol, Jr., House">
William C. Davol, Jr., House

The William C. Davol Jr. House is a historic house at 252 High Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1876 for William C. Davol, Jr., treasurer of the Davol Mills. The house was designed by Boston architects Hartwell & Swasey, who works included numerous other public buildings and private homes in Fall River during this period. 
The house has the characteristic asymmetrical massing and irregular silhouette of Stick/Eastlake architecture and retains its peaked entrance porch, original carved double-leaved entrance doors, stained glass window, slate roof and copper coping and finials, The interior is richly embellished with Minton tiles and Eastlakian trim and sports an original water-power elevator.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is also located within the Lower Highlands Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18494650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494650" title="Colony Historic District">
Colony Historic District

Colony Historic District is a historic district at Gardner's Neck and Mattapoisett Roads at Mt. Hope Bay in Swansea, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18494655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494655" title="Carleton Main Clement">
Carleton Main Clement

Captain Carleton Main Clement MC (15 May 1896  –19 August 1917) was a Canadian First World War flying ace officially credited with 14 victories despite being handicapped by flying an obsolete plane.
Early life and service.
Clement attended Victoria College, Toronto University before serving as a private in the 47th Battalion of the Canadian Expeditionary Force. His enlistment form of 17 June 1915 gives his next of kin as W. H. P. Clement, and claims that Clement had previously served as a commissioned officer in the "B. C. Horse". He was half an inch shy of six feet tall, with fair hair and complexion and blue eyes.
Aerial service.
He transferred to the Royal Flying Corps, being commissioned in March 1916. His assignment to 22 Squadron had him piloting the outmoded Royal Aircraft Factory FE.2b, with observers such as Llewelyn Davies manning the front guns. Between 4 December 1916 and 5 June 1917, he flew this obsolescent model to victory over eight different German Albatros fighters, sometimes teaming with such other aces as Gerald Gordon Bell, and earning the MC in the process. Towards the end of this run, he downed German ace Kurt Schneider; Schneider would suffer with an infected thigh wound until succumbing on 14 July. 
Clement then switched to piloting Bristol F.2 Fighters. He and Davies set a reconnaissance plane afire on 29 July 1917. Clement scored again on 10 August. Then, two days later, he set an Albatros D.V afire, drove another down out of control, and teamed with other pilots to drive two more D.Vs down out of control.
Death in action.
On 19 August, Clement was shot down and killed by antiaircraft fire from Flakzug 99. Hugh Trenchard himself sent a telegram of regret to 22 Squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="18494661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494661" title="Summer Breeze (rock festival)">
Summer Breeze (rock festival)

Summer Breeze is a rock festival, originally planned to be held annually in Seoul, South Korea for two days of early August. 
The festival is modeling other urban music festivals such as Summersonic Festival of Japan, Lolapalooza of the United States, and Rock Am Ring of Germany. Summer Breeze covers various genres of music, but is mainly focused on rock music.
Summer Breeze Festival 2008 has been cancelled due to low ticket sales.
Location.
The inaugural festival was scheduled to take place at Seoul Olympic Stadium in Jamshil, South Korea in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18494662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494662" title="Boguslavsky Triple-Deckers">
Boguslavsky Triple-Deckers

The Boguslavsky Triple-Deckers is a group of six historic triple-decker tenement houses at 53-87 Albion Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. They were built in 1916 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. 
The houses were constructed for David Boguslavsky, a by Athanase Dussault, a local carpenter. They are representative of one of the dominant housing type built in the city during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Since the 1983 listing, the buildings' wood shingles have been covered with vinyl siding and the front porches and decorative wood details have been removed.

</doc>
<doc id="18494665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494665" title="Alexander of Apamea">
Alexander of Apamea

Alexander (Gr. ) was a bishop of Apamea in Syria in the 5th century. He was one of a number of moderate Eastern bishops during the Nestorian controversy, and one of the eight bishops deputed by the party of John of Antioch to the Emperor Theodosius II. Alexander was sent with his namesake, Alexander of Hierapolis, by John of Antioch to the Council of Ephesus in 431. The Alexanders brought word that John had not yet arrived in Ephesus and that the council should start without him.
A letter by him is extant in Latin in the "Nova Collectio Conciliorum" of Étienne Baluze, p. 834. c. 132. fol, Paris, 1683.

</doc>
<doc id="18494682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494682" title="Attleborough Falls Gasholder Building">
Attleborough Falls Gasholder Building

Attleborough Falls Gasholder Building is a historic building at 380 Elm Street in North Attleborough, Massachusetts.
The building was constructed in 1874 and added to the National Historic Register in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18494689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494689" title="Rudolf Fischer (writer)">
Rudolf Fischer (writer)

Rudolf Fischer (6 March 1901 – 4 June 1957) was a German author.
Life.
Rudolf Fischer was born in Dresden. He came from a working-class family. After he had taken the Abitur in 1921, he worked as a salesman. He would become unemployed and later was employed as a mail carrier. After World War II, Fischer suffered with health problems, which continued in the post-war era. He began writing narratives and experienced the demands of state jobs of East Germany. He worked as a face worker in the Zwickau coal mines as a source of studying. He received the 1956 Heinrich Mann Prize. He died in Dresden in 1957.
Rudolf Fischer became known mainly for his novel "Martin Hoop IV" one of the East German critics' highest praised work of socialist realism, in which the authentic collapse through sabotage set off a firedamp in the Zwickau Mine Four from the year 1952 and would described its consequences.

</doc>
<doc id="18494698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494698" title="Reconnaissance Projects">
Reconnaissance Projects

There were three Greek letter special forces Reconnaissance Projects formed by the Military Assistance Command, Vietnam, MACV during the Vietnam War to collect operational intelligence in remote areas of South Vietnam.
Mission.
Their mission include operational and strategic reconnaissance into long held Vietcong areas and direct air strikes on them, they were also to conduct bomb damage assessment, conduct small scale reconnaissance and hunter-killer operations, capture and interrogate VC / NVA tap communications, bug compounds and offices, rescue downed aircrew and prisoners of war, emplace point minefields and other booby traps, conduct Psychological Operations, and perform counter intelligence operations. 
They were to focus on base areas and infiltration routes in the border areas.
Operations.
These missions were carried out by small US Special Forces and native personnel reconnaissance teams and Roadrunner teams posing as the VC. Battalion sized Reaction Forces were assigned to each project with their mission being to assist in the extraction of a compromised team and also to conduct raids and other economy of force type operations.
The Projects.
There were three Greek Letter reconnaissance Projects:

</doc>
<doc id="18494700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494700" title="Attleborough Falls Historic District">
Attleborough Falls Historic District

Attleborough Falls Historic District is a historic district on Mt. Hope Street, just west of Reservoir Street to the 10 Mile River, Towne Street from Mt. Hope Street to the 10 Mile river in North Attleborough, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Historic Register in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18494705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494705" title="Caught Live">
Caught Live

Caught Live! is a live album by American all-female heavy metal band Phantom Blue.
The set list consists mainly of songs from "Built to Perform" and "Prime Cuts & Glazed Donuts". "Going Mad" is the only song from the band's self-titled debut album on the list. Also included is a cover of the Janis Joplin song "Move Over" and the previously unreleased song "Bleeding from Nowhere".

</doc>
<doc id="18494713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494713" title="St Paul's College, Auckland">
St Paul's College, Auckland

St Paul's College is a college for year 7 to 13 boys and offers a Catholic education to its students. It is located in the central Auckland suburb of Ponsonby. The school originates from 1903 when the Marist Brothers opened Sacred Heart College, Auckland on the site. In the early 1950s the school was split with part, taking the name of "Sacred Heart College", being relocated to Glen Innes. The remaining section was renamed St Paul's College (after the apostle Paul) and began operations in its current form in 1955. St Paul’s College celebrated its 50th Jubilee in 2005.
Roll.
St Paul's College has a diverse, multicultural roll. In 2010 its ethnic composition was NZ European/Pakeha 3%, Māori 4%, Samoan 40%, Tongan 32%, Niuean 5%, Cook Island 8%. The college excels in sporting and cultural activities. Academically, the school offers for senior years the National Certificate of Educational Achievement assessment system (NCEA)
Houses.
The names and colours of the St Paul's College Houses are:

</doc>
<doc id="18494716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494716" title="San Baudelio de Berlanga">
San Baudelio de Berlanga

The Hermitage of San Baudelio de Berlanga ("Ermita de San Baudelio de Berlanga") is an early 11th-century church situated at Caltojar, province of Soria, Spain, 80 km south of Berlanga de Duero. It is an example of Mozarabic architecture and was built in the 11th century, in what was then the frontier between Islamic and Christian lands. It is dedicated to Saint Baudilus or Baudel.
Wall paintings.
The hermitage housed many fine Romanesque frescoes from about 1125; most of these have been removed, but some have remained. Two sections, transferred to canvas, are now in the Indianapolis Museum of Art, showing the "Entry of Christ into Jerusalem" and the "Wedding at Cana". Other sections, including the "The Healing of the Blind Man and the Raising of Lazarus" and "The Temptation of Christ" are in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, and in the Prado. The paintings were done by the Catalan Master of Tahull (Taüll in Catalan), whose best known works are in Sant Climent de Taüll and the Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya in Barcelona, with two other painters. The scenes of the Life of Christ are unusual in Spanish painting at this period; these are in American museums, while smaller elements including scenes of hunting and falconry and decorative copies of textiles are in Madrid as well as New York. The frescoes include that of a camel and of a war elephant, which were inspired by Muslim motifs.

</doc>
<doc id="18494723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494723" title="Nova União, Minas Gerais">
Nova União, Minas Gerais

Nova União is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. The city belongs to the mesoregion Metropolitana de Belo Horizonte and to the microregion of Itabira.

</doc>
<doc id="18494733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494733" title="Bavarian B III">
Bavarian B III

Bavarian B IIIs were steam locomotives of the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn").
Eight examples were delivered by Maffei in 1852; the remainder came from Hartmann. The machines by Hartmann had great similarity to those of the Class A IV, which were manufactured at the same time. Unlike the Hartmann engines, these locomotives also had a steam dome. This was later added to the Hartmann variants. All the engines had a Crampton boiler with smooth tubes and a Kirchweger condenser.
They were equipped with a 3 T 5 tender.

</doc>
<doc id="18494755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494755" title="Portea petropolitana">
Portea petropolitana

Portea petropolitana is a plant species of Portea in the botanical family Bromeliaceae that is endemic to Brazil.
Description.
There are two varieties of Portea Petropolitana that are commonly found in cultivation. Variety petropolitana is found growing in Espirito Santo near the ocean. It may reach a height of 3 to 4 feet prior to flowering. The dark green leaves are heavily spined and form a stiff rosette. The inflorescence reaches 12 to 18 inches long, bearing colorful flowers with white lavender petals and orange sepals.
Variety extensa was introduced by American plant collector and breeder M. B. Foster from Espirito Santo in Brazil. It is smaller in all parts compared to the other variety. It is characterized by light yellow green leaves and a coral red inflorescence with an upright rosette. The flower contains lavender petals, apple green overies, and berries that turn dark purple.

</doc>
<doc id="18494769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494769" title="Bavarian B II">
Bavarian B II

Bavarian B IIs were steam locomotives with the Royal Bavarian State Railways ("Königlich Bayerische Staatsbahn").
This class was delivered at the same time as the A III and had all the same construction features. 
They were equipped with 3 T 5 tenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18494770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494770" title="Lorenzo Carnelli">
Lorenzo Carnelli

Lorenzo Carnelli (1887 – 1960) was a Uruguayan lawyer and politician who belonged to the National Party.
In 1925, he left the National Party and founded the Radical National Party. In the elections of 1927, he got 2.2% of the vote. Blanco historical leader Luis Alberto de Herrera lost these elections by 1% of the vote and Carnelli is often cited as the reason for this.

</doc>
<doc id="18494772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494772" title="Polygonia comma">
Polygonia comma

The Eastern Comma ("Polygonia comma") is a North American butterfly in the family Nymphalidae, subfamily Nymphalinae.
Description.
This butterfly is seasonally variable. The upper side of the summer forms hind wings are all black, whereas the winter forms hind wings are reddish-orange. The underside of both forms is striped with dark and light brown. There is a silvery comma mark in the middle of the hindwing in both forms.
Its wingspan is .
Habitat.
The Eastern Comma may be spotted in woods near rivers, ponds, marshes, swamps, and other water sources.
Nectar Plants.
This butterfly seldom visits flowers, but rather feeds on sap, rotting fruit, salts and minerals from puddling, and dung.
Host Plants.
False Nettle ("Boehmeria cylindrica"), Hops ("Humulus"), Wood Nettle ("Laportea canadensis") American Elm ("Ulmus americana"), and Nettle ("Urtica").
Life cycle.
The green eggs are laid singly or in stacks under host plants leaves and stems. The spiny larva varies in color from pale green to yellow to white and to even black. The solitary larva feeds on leaves at night. Older larvae construct daytime leaf shelters by pulling a single leaf together with silk. The chrysalis is brown and covered with spines. Winter form adults overwinter, some will also migrate south for the winter.
Similar Species.
The dark form of comma is frequently confused with the dark form of the Question Mark ("N. interrogationis"), but the two can readily be distinguished by the shape of the comma mark on the underside. The pale form is easily confused with the Satyr Comma ("N. satyrus"), which usually occurs north and west of the Eastern Comma's range. They can be distinguished by the upperside colour, which is orange brown in comma and tawny yellowish brown in satyrus; by the underside pattern, which tends to be mottled in comma but appears to be more longitudinally streaked in satyrus; and by the row of pale submarginal spots on the hindwing upperside, which tend to be separate and surrounded by dark shading in comma, but are larger and tend to run together into a pale band in satyrus.

</doc>
<doc id="18494775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18494775" title="USS Mariner (1906)">
USS Mariner (1906)

USS "Mariner" (1906) was a commercial tugboat operating in the Panama Canal area. When World War I broke out, she was commissioned and armed by the United States Navy, and spent the rest of the war protecting vessels in the vicinity of the canal from German submarines.
A tug built in Camden, New Jersey.
The second ship to be so named by the U.S. Navy, "Mariner", a steam tug, was built at Camden, New Jersey, in 1906. Following America’s entry into World War I, she was taken over by the Navy and commissioned 1 February 1918, Lt. (jg.) W. C. Coalfleet, USNRF, in command.
She was employed by the Panama Canal Commission during the construction of the Panama Canal and after its completion. Assigned to the Panama Canal Zone, 
World War I service.
Taken over by the U.S. Navy in early 1918, she was commissioned as USS "Mariner" (with no identification number) in February to serve in the Panama Canal Zone area on patrol and tug duties. "Mariner" patrolled the approaches to the canal and provided tug and towing services during the remainder of World War I.
Post-war decommissioning.
She was returned to her owner 13 January 1919 and resumed her civilian work. Her name was struck from the Navy list.

</doc>
