<doc id="18548006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548006" title="Media of New Zealand">
Media of New Zealand

The media of New Zealand include television stations, radio stations, newspapers, magazines, films and websites. Mostly foreign-owned media conglomerates MediaWorks New Zealand, Australian Provincial Newspapers, The Radio Network, Sky Network Television and Fairfax New Zealand dominate this media landscape. NZ On Air funds public service programming on the publicly owned Television New Zealand and Radio New Zealand, and on community-owned and privately owned broadcasters. Most media organisations operate Auckland-based newsrooms with Parliamentary Press Gallery reporters and international media partners, but most broadcast programmes, music and syndicated columns are imported from the United States and United Kingdom.
There is limited censorship in New Zealand of political expression, violence or sexual content, although strict libel laws follow the English model and contempt of court is severely punished. The Office of Film and Literature Classification classifies and sometimes censors films, videos, publications and video games, the New Zealand Press Council deals with print media bias and inaccuracy and the Broadcasting Standards Authority and Advertising Standards Authority considers complaints. However, Reporters Without Borders ranks New Zealand highly on press freedom, ranking it seventh-best worldwide in 2008, and eighth in 2010 (in the same 2010 study, for comparison, the UK placed 19th, and the US 20th).
The media of New Zealand predominantly use New Zealand English, but World TV, Triangle TV, Stratos TV, Community Access and local Pacifica and Asia media organisations provide news and entertainment for linguistic minorities. The Waitangi Tribunal decided in the late 1980s that the Government had an obligation to nurture the Māori language and consequently Te Māngai Pāho now funds iwi radio stations, the Maori Television Service and other Maori programming on TVNZ, Radio New Zealand and TV3. MediaWorks operates two Auckland ex-iwi radio stations commercially with limited Maori content: commercial nationwide dance network George FM and hip-hop and R&B station Mai FM.
Television.
Television in New Zealand was introduced in 1960. Provision was first made for the licensing of private radio and television stations in New Zealand by the Broadcasting Act 1976. In addition to a legacy analogue network, there are three forms of broadcast digital television: satellite services provided nationwide by Freeview and Sky, a terrestrial service provided in the main centres by Freeview, and a cable service provided in Wellington and Christchurch by TelstraClear. There are currently 11 national free-to-air channels, 22 regional free-to-air stations and several pay TV networks. Programming and scheduling is done in Auckland where all the major networks are now headquartered.
The first nationwide digital TV service was launched in December 1998 by SKY TV, who had a monopoly on digital satellite TV until the launch of Freeview's nationwide digital Satellite service in May 2007. The Freeview terrestrial service, named Freeview|HD is a high definition digital terrestrial television service launched on 14 April 2008. The service currently serves areas surrounding Auckland, Hamilton, Tauranga, Napier-Hastings, Palmerston North, Wellington, Christchurch, and Dunedin. Digital cable television currently operates in Wellington and Christchurch on TelstraClear's cable TV system. High Definition programming is available from Freeview on terrestrial broadcast only and on SKY TV through the MY SKY HDi decoder. Only a limited range of channels are available in High Definition.
Radio.
New Zealand radio is dominated by twenty-seven networks and station-groups, but also includes several local and low-powered stations. Eight radio networks are operated by The Radio Network, ten are operated by MediaWorks New Zealand, three are operated by Rhema Broadcasting Group and three are operated non-commercially by Radio New Zealand. Most student networks belong to bNet, most public service broadcasters belong to Community Access Broadcasters, and there are several iwi radio stations.
Early radio.
Professor Robert Jack made the first broadcast in New Zealand from the University of Otago physics department on 17 November 1921. The first radio station, Radio Dunedin, began broadcasting on 4 October 1922, but it was only in 1925 that the Radio Broadcasting Company (RBC) began broadcasts throughout New Zealand. In 1932, its assets were acquired by the government, which established the New Zealand Broadcasting Board (NZBB). This would later be replaced by the New Zealand National Broadcasting Service (NBS) and the National Commercial Broadcasting Service (NCBS). In the 1950s, these merged to become the New Zealand Broadcasting Service (NZBS), a government department. In 1962, this gave way to the New Zealand Broadcasting Corporation (NZBC), an independent public body modelled on the BBC in the UK.
Until the 1980s, stations used a series of call signs, consisting of a single digit and two letters (see left). In addition to YA National programme stations, YC Concert programme stations and a limited number of privately owned X stations, several stations were operated commercially by the government. In each region, the largest city was assigned a ZB station (1ZB Auckland, 2ZB Wellington, 3ZB Christchurch and 4ZB Dunedin) and a ZM music station (1ZM Auckland, 2ZM Wellington and 3ZM Christchurch). The Newstalk ZB and ZM brands continue to be used by The Radio Network. The second largest city was assigned a ZA station: 1ZA in Taupo, 2ZA in Palmerston North, 3ZA in Greymouth and 4ZA in Invercargill. In other towns and cities the final letter was assigned from the town or city name such as 4ZG in Gore and 1ZH in Hamilton. These ZA and other stations, also now owned by The Radio Network, have been rebranded as Classic Hits. 1YA, 2YK, 3AQ, 4YA were the first stations operating in the country's four main cities, and 5ZB was a mobile radio station broadcast in railway carriages during the 1940s.
FM broadcasting.
The United Kingdom and New Zealand until recently shared an FM broadcasting allocation of 88.0 – 105.0 MHz. This smaller allocation (less than 20 MHz 88 MHz – 108 MHz, typical of FM in the rest of the world) can be traced to the 405 line system's VHF allocation block. The UK adopted the 405 line system but NZ did not. NZ's allocation for FM remained smaller as if NZ had adopted the 405 line system. New Zealand considered adopting the 405 line system in the late 1950s to early 1960s but adopted PAL instead. This impacted the frequency allocation block for FM broadcasting making it smaller. New Zealand's FM frequency allocation issue was not fixed until the late 1990s, when the band was expanded to the full 20 MHz. Both New Zealand and the United Kingdom have the standard global allocation of 88.0 – 108.0 for FM now. NZ permits Radio Data System subcarriers, but their adoption is not universal. Radio NZ uses RDS for its FM network, but commercial radio's adoption of the technology is not universal.
The very first station to broadcast on FM in New Zealand was a temporary station in Whakatane called FM 90.7. The station ran from the 5 January 1982 until the 31 January 1982. The very first permanent station in New Zealand to broadcast on FM was Magic 91FM in Auckland broadcasting on 91.0FM followed by 89 Stereo FM broadcasting on 89.4FM. Both stations are no longer in operation; Magic 91 is the local Auckland frequency for ZM and 89 Stereo FM today broadcasts a simulcasted FM version of Newstalk ZB. Radio New Zealand started broadcasting on FM in the early 1980s and most networks now broadcast on FM.
Print media.
Māori in New Zealand had non-literate culture before contact with the Europeans in the early 19th century, but oratory recitation of quasi-historical and hagiographical ancestral blood lines was central to the culture; oral traditions were first published when early 19th century Christian missionaries developed a written form of the Maori language to publish Bibles. The literature of New Zealand includes many works written in English and Maori by New Zealanders and migrants during the 20th and 21st centuries. Novelists include Patricia Grace, Albert Wendt and Maurice Gee; children's authors include Margaret Mahy. Keri Hulme won the Booker Prize for "The Bone People"; Witi Ihimaera's novel "Whale Rider", which dealt with Maori life in the modern world, ' became a Nikki Caro film. Migrant writers include South African-born Robin Hyde; expatriate writers like Dan Davin and Katherine Mansfield often wrote about the country. Samuel Butler stayed in New Zealand and set his novel "Erewhon" in the country. Karl Wolfskehl prepared works of German literature during a sojourn in Auckland. New Zealand's lively community of playwrights, supported by Playmarket, include Roger Hall.
The number of newspapers in New Zealand has dramatically reduced since the early 20th century as a consequence of radio, television and new media being introduced to the country. Auckland's "New Zealand Herald" serves the upper North Island, Wellington's "The Dominion Post" serves the lower North Island and Canterbury's "The Press" and "Otago Daily Times" serve the South Island. Provincial and community newspapers, such as the "Waikato Times" daily, serve particular regions, cities and suburbs. Ownership of New Zealand newspapers is dominated by Fairfax New Zealand and APN News & Media with Fairfax having 48.6% of the daily newspaper circulation. Local and overseas tabloids and magazines cover food, current affairs, personal affairs, gardening and home decor, personal affairs and business or appeal to gay, lesbian, ethnic and rural communities.
Film.
The New Zealand film industry is small but successful, boasting directors such as Peter Jackson and Jane Campion. The cinema of New Zealand includes many films made in New Zealand, made about New Zealand or made by New Zealand-based production companies. Peter Jackson's "Lord of the Rings" film trilogy was produced and filmed in New Zealand, and animation and photography for James Cameron's "Avatar" was primarily done in New Zealand; both films are among the highest grossing movies of all time. The New Zealand Film Commission funds films with New Zealand content.
Mainstream American, British and Australian films screen in theatres in most cities and towns. Some arthouse films and foreign language films reach cinemas, including weekly Bollywood screenings in many city cinemas. Asian films, particularly from India, China, Hong Kong and Japan, are widely available for rental on videocassette, DVD and similar media, especially in Auckland.
New media.
Blogging.
New Zealand's blogosphere is a small community of around 600 blogs that comment on New Zealand politics, society and occurrences. One list of over 200 "author-operated, public discourse" blogs in New Zealand (ranked according to traffic, links incoming, posting frequency and comments) suggests New Zealand blogs cover a wide range of ideological positions but a lack female contributors. Some personal blogs have been around since the mid 1990s, but there are now blogs about cities, science, law and fashion magazines. Political bloggers include current and former party apparatchiks such as David Farrar (Kiwiblog), Jordan Carter, Peter Cresswell and Trevor Loudon, and journalists and commentators such as Russell Brown.
New Zealand politicians and political groups operate blogs which, unlike overseas counterparts, allow comments. The former ACT party leader Rodney Hide often comments from within the House of Representatives The Green Party expands on party press releases, and Labour MPs discuss policy and Parliamentary business. Blogging is a central campaigning tool for many political lobbying groups. A 2007 "New Zealand Herald" article by Bill Ralston described political bloggers as being potentially the most powerful "opinion makers" in New Zealand politics. A few weeks earlier the "National Business Review" had stated that, "Any realistic 'power list' produced in this country would include either or his fellow blogger and opinion leader Russell Brown." And in 2008 "The Press" said that year's election "could be the time when New Zealand's burgeoning political bloggers finally make their presence felt". The article saw the increasing influence of the Internet (as opposed to television and radio) on people's lives and the number of professional journalists now maintaining blogs as the reason for the blogosphere's increased significance, alongside the fact that unlike newspapers blogs can link directly to facts and sources. The blogosphere has also make an impart on parliament – Russell Brown is quoted as saying, "Every now and then you see a line from the blog turn up in a parliamentary speech" and in December 2007 then prime minister Helen Clark accused political journalists of "rushing to judgment" on their blogs.
Controversy.
Blogging in New Zealand has not been without controversy. Tim Selwyn, an Auckland man convicted of sedition in 2006, is also a prominent blogger, often bringing up controversial points. The pamphlet for which he was convicted and imprisoned on a charge of sedition was published on his website. Selwyn was also criticised in parliament for sending letters about his prison experiences to his co-blogger Martyn 'Bomber' Bradbury, who posted them on the blog. In August 2006, "Sunday News" revealed a blog site set up by Wellington-based national socialist Nic Miller after personal details of four Jewish families living in the city were posted on it. The details were later removed from the site. On 23 December 2009, Cameron Slater was charged with five counts of breaching name suppression orders; the charges relate to two blog posts that contained pictures which reveal the identities of two New Zealanders. On 11 January 2010, Slater published a blog post that used binary and hexadecimal code to reveal the identity of a person charged with indecent assault on a 13-year-old girl; the Nelson Bays police announced that they would investigate this further breach of New Zealand's name suppression laws. On 1 June 2010, Dannevirke blogger Henk van Helmond was convicted of breaching a name suppression order and given a suspended sentence. The judge suppressed the publication of any details which might identify van Helmond's blog.
In January 2007 another controversial blog, CYFS Watch, appeared. The blog's stated aim was unveiling examples of alleged incompetence by the Child Youth and Family Service (known by its acronym CYFS) of the Ministry of Social Development. The Ministry responded to the publication of the blog, which published the details of several social workers, by complaining to internet company Google. The blog remained online until 22 February 2007 when Google deleted the site, due to the blog's anonymous author making death threats towards Green MP Sue Bradford because of her Crimes (Abolition of Force as a Justification for Child Discipline) Amendment Bill 2005.
Relationship with other media.
The majority of bloggers still rely upon the media for the provision of news stories to comment upon. However, they do not repeat the news, instead putting forward their viewpoint on it. The mainstream media at first was highly critical of bloggers. In January 2007 "The New Zealand Herald" printed an editorial that stated "ost bloggers – and we're talking 95 per cent – are fly-by-night, gutless wonders who prefer to spit inarticulate venom under inarticulate pseudonyms." Since then though the newspaper has picked up multiple stories first broken on blogs (see below). Some current and former bloggers have worked in or for the media industry, such as Russell Brown, Keith Ng, Tze Ming Mok and Dave Crampton. Political scientist Bryce Edwards ("liberation") and Geoffrey Miller ("Douglas to Dancing") have both written op-eds for "The New Zealand Herald".
There have been many notable examples of bloggers breaking news stories and then having the media pick it up. "Idiot/Savant" revealed that neither Rodney Hide nor Heather Roy had been showing up to Parliament and that the ACT party had therefore not voted in the 2006 budget debate, and "The Dominion Post" and "The New Zealand Herald" picked up the story. In February 2008 a blog post by Russell Brown about the Wikipedia article on Bill English being edited from a computer at Parliament, based on a previous post at Labour Party-leaning blog "The Standard", received coverage in "The New Zealand Herald". The "NZBC" blog reported a similar story of a computer at Air New Zealand being used to edit the Wikipedia article on Air New Zealand Flight 901 and it was picked up by "The Press". In April 2008, blogger David Farrar revealed the Green Party's preliminary party list, and the story was subsequently picked up by NZPA and published on Stuff.co.nz. In June blogger 'Skinny' revealed that a photo used in promotional material about the 2008 budget was of an American family, not a New Zealand one and the story was then published in "The New Zealand Herald".

</doc>
<doc id="18548021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548021" title="Teikyo Heisei Nursing Junior College">
Teikyo Heisei Nursing Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18548040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548040" title="Bezirksliga Bayern">
Bezirksliga Bayern

The Bezirksliga Bayern was the highest association football league in the German state of Bavaria from 1923 to 1933. The league was disbanded with the rise of the Nazis to power in 1933.
Overview.
The league was formed in 1923, after a league reform which was decided upon in Darmstadt, Hesse.
Until the introduction of the "Bezirksliga", the "Kreisliga Südbayern" and "Kreisliga Nordbayern" were the highest leagues in the state.
The league started out with eight clubs from all over the state of Bavaria, but without any teams from the Palatinate region (German:"Pfalz"), then politically a part of Bavaria but not geographically connected to the rest of the state. The eight clubs played each other in a home-and-away round with the two top teams advancing to the Southern German championship, which in turn was a qualification tournament for the German championship.
In its second season, the league started to incooperate clubs from the city of Ulm, Württemberg, which lays right across the border from Bavaria. Otherwise, the modus of the league remained unchanged but only the league champion qualified for the Southern German finals in this season.
For the 1926-27 season, the league was expanded to ten teams. The top team was again qualified for the finals. Additionally, the SpVgg Fürth as Southern German cup winner also qualified for this round. The runners-up of the "Bezirksligas" in the south also played a championship round to determine a third team from the region to go to the German finals.
After this season, the league was split into a northern and a southern group, the north having nine and the south seven teams. The winner of each division would advance to the Southern German finals while the two runners-up again played in a separate round like in the previous season.
The 1928-29 season saw no change in modus but both leagues now operated on a strength of eight clubs. The qualification system for the finals also remained unchanged. This system remained in place until 1931.
For the 1931-32 season, both divisions were expanded to ten teams. The top-two teams from each league then advanced to the Southern German finals, which were now staged in two regional groups with a finals game between the two group winners at the end. The same system applied for the final season of the league in 1932-33.
With the rise of the Nazis to power, the "Gauligas" were introduced as the highest football leagues in Germany. In Bavaria, the "Gauliga Bayern" replaced the "Bezirksliga Bayern" as the highest level of play. The twelve best teams from Bavaria qualified for this new, state wide league.
National success.
The clubs from the "Bezirksliga Bayern" were among the most successful in Germany in this era, specifically the 1. FC Nuremberg.
Southern German championship.
Qualified teams and their success:
German championship.
Qualified teams and their success:
Founding members of the league.
The league was formed from eight clubs from Bavaria:
Placings in the Bezirksliga Bayern 1923-33.
Clubs from the northern division.
Source:
Clubs from the southern division.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18548053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548053" title="Tokyo Management College">
Tokyo Management College


</doc>
<doc id="18548056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548056" title="Hachinohe Junior College">
Hachinohe Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18548071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548071" title="FSV Bentwisch">
FSV Bentwisch

FSV Bentwisch is a German association football club from the district of Bad Doberan in Bentwisch, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
__TOC__
History.
The club was established 21 December 1966 as a football-only organization and has since grown to include departments for aerobics, badminton, rhythmic gymnastics, tennis, volleyball, walking, pre-school sport and women's sport.
A championship in the Verbandsliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (V) in 2008 advanced the football side to the NOFV-Oberliga Nord (V) for the 2008–09 season. The A and B youth sides also claimed titles in 2007–08 at the national level.

</doc>
<doc id="18548081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548081" title="Ian Gabriel">
Ian Gabriel

Ian Gabriel is a South African film and commercials director, based in Cape Town, South Africa. 
He directed the film, "Forgiveness", that starred Arnold Vosloo, and which treats the theme of forgiveness in post-apartheid South Africa. His 2013 film "Four Corners" has been selected as the South African entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18548091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548091" title="Hirosaki University of Heath and Welfare">
Hirosaki University of Heath and Welfare


</doc>
<doc id="18548100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548100" title="Eupolemus (disambiguation)">
Eupolemus (disambiguation)

Eupolemus may be:

</doc>
<doc id="18548107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548107" title="Akita Municipal Junior College of Arts and Crafts">
Akita Municipal Junior College of Arts and Crafts

The is a municipal junior college in Akita City, Japan, established in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18548134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548134" title="Horom">
Horom

Horom may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18548151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548151" title="Planning and Learning Technologies">
Planning and Learning Technologies

Planning and Learning Technologies (Pal-tech), Inc., is a private government contracting company based in northern Virginia.
The company was founded in 1987. Since that time, they have provided an array of training, management, and administrative services to multiple departments, agencies, and offices, including: Department of Commerce; Department of Defense, Civilian Personnel Management Service; Department of Education; Department of Energy; Department of Health and Human Services, Administration for Children and Families; Department of Health and Human Services, HHS University; Department of Health and Human Services, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation; United States Department of Labor; Department of State, Foreign Service Institute; Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; Federal Emergency Management Agency; National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; Office of Personnel Management; Social Security Administration; US Agency for International Development; US Army, Training and Doctrine Command; US Coast Guard; US Navy, Naval AIR Systems Command.
Pal-tech houses the Office of Head Start Resource Center (HSRC), a national center that supports the Office of Head Start (OHS) and Head Start children and families.

</doc>
<doc id="18548153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548153" title="Aichi Bunkyo Women's College">
Aichi Bunkyo Women's College


</doc>
<doc id="18548164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548164" title="Government Operational Research Service">
Government Operational Research Service

In the United Kingdom, the Government Operational Research Service (GORS) supports and champions Operational Research across government. GORS currently supports policy-making, strategy and operations in many different departments and agencies across the United Kingdom and employs around 400 analysts, ranging from sandwich students to members of the Senior Civil Service. 

</doc>
<doc id="18548176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548176" title="Aichi Kiwami College of Nursing">
Aichi Kiwami College of Nursing


</doc>
<doc id="18548184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548184" title="Benjamin Jepson">
Benjamin Jepson

Benjamin Jepson (1832 – 1914) was one of the first primary school music teachers in the United States, and introduced music to the public schools of New Haven, Connecticut, in 1865. The Benjamin Jepson Interdistrict Magnet School and the Jepson School are named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18548192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548192" title="Dave Miller (software developer)">
Dave Miller (software developer)

Dave Miller (born 1972) is an American software developer best known as the project leader and one of the main original developers of the Bugzilla bug tracking tool developed at Mozilla.Org. He assumed the role of Bugzilla's maintainer after the previous maintainer, Tara Hernandez, stepped down. His Bugzilla component responsibilities are bugzilla.org and Query/Buglist. He is currently employed by the Mozilla Corporation.
Miller is also the creator and maintainer of bzbot, an IRC bot written in Perl.
Background.
Miller was born in Port Huron, Michigan in 1972 . He began attending Adrian College in 1990, but left after three years. Miller then took on a variety of technical and management roles for Meijer, an regional supermarket chain. In 2001, Miller became the lead software engineer for the online company Syndicomm and then at Steelcase. In March 2004, he left America Online to join the startup which would become Canonical Ltd.. He began working at Mozilla full-time in January 2005.
Miller lives in Jamestown, Michigan, with his wife Loreen Hollar and two children: Brendan (born 1998) and Makenzie (born 2001).

</doc>
<doc id="18548193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548193" title="Ballyfermot College of Further Education">
Ballyfermot College of Further Education

Ballyfermot College of Further Education (also known as BCFE) is an educational institution in Ballyfermot, Dublin, Ireland.
BCFE is a college of further and higher education providing vocational education.
MANAGEMENT
Ballyfermot College of Further Education is managed by the City of Dublin Vocational Education Committee (CDVEC) with a local Board of Management representative of the community/special interest, industry/services and commerce, students and staff.
The CDVEC is the statutory agency for vocational and technological education for the City of Dublin. It manages 21 schools and colleges, which cater for 11,000 students.
Maureen Conway is the Principal of the College and the Deputy Principals are Diarmuid O'Brien and Kevin Devine.
HISTORY
The college opened in 1979 as the Senior College Ballyfermot. Since then the college has worked with a range of educational and industrial partners to develop and offer a wide range of successful courses in further and higher education. The college caters for students from the age of 17 and upwards.
The college offers a choice of 39 courses of Further and Higher Education in 9 departments.
Senior College Ballyfermot (SCB)
The Senior College opened in September 1979 to provide the Leaving Certificate to students from Ballyfermot. After consultation with local secondary schools it was decided that students from 3 of the local schools, Ballyfermot Vocational School, Caritas and St Dominic's would complete their leaving certificate in the Senior College. The new school offered a wide range of subjects to the boys and girls of the area. The College is part of City of Dublin Vocational Education Committee.
The new College also offered secretarial courses to post Leaving and post Intermediate students, as well as pre-employment courses for post intermediate students.
During the 1980s a range of post Leaving cert. Courses were introduced into the College, including Preliminary Engineering which had links with Dublin Institute of Technology Bolton Street, Hotel Catering and Tourism courses which had links with CERT, Business courses and Social Care courses. Most of these courses continue today.
In the 1990s the Senior College gave up its Leaving Certificate classes, which returned to the local schools, and continued to develop Post-Leaving Certificate courses.
In 2000 the Senior College changed its name to Ballyfermot College of Further Education.
DEPARTMENTS
Within BCFE there are several Departments:
Art, Design and Graphics, Moving Images, Business, Engineering, Lifelong Learning, Media
Music, Performance, Management and Sound, Social Care, Television and Film
Travel, Tourism and Reception. The college delivers: two degrees; one in Media Production Management (validated by Dublin City University) and one in Animation (validated by Dundee University); a number of BTEC Higher National Diplomas; and a number of FETAC Level 5 courses.
BUILDINGS
Thare are 3 separate buildings within BCFE college. The Main Building and Media Building are side by side, to the left of Ballyfermot Road if coming from the city centre direction. The Arts building is located around the corner, on the Chapelizod end of Kylemore Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18548211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548211" title="Mugan">
Mugan

Mugan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18548222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548222" title="Ichinomiya Women's Junior College">
Ichinomiya Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18548233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548233" title="Armageddon (2008)">
Armageddon (2008)

Armageddon (2008) was a professional-wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) promotion and presented by Ubisoft's "Prince of Persia". It took place on December 14, 2008 at the HSBC Arena in Buffalo, New York. It featured professional wrestlers and other talent from all WWE's three brands: Raw, SmackDown and ECW. The ninth and final event within the Armageddon chronology, it featured on its card seven professional wrestling matches.
During the SmackDown main event, Jeff Hardy defeated Triple H and WWE Champion Edge in a match involving three competitors to win the championship. The Raw main event featured the World Heavyweight Championship contested in a standard wrestling match, in which John Cena defeated Chris Jericho to retain the title. The undercard featured several matches, including CM Punk against Rey Mysterio in the finals of a tournament to determine the number-one contender to the WWE Intercontinental Championship, and Randy Orton versus Batista in a standard wrestling match.
Armageddon helped WWE earn $15.9 million in revenue from pay-per-view events, thanks to an attendance of approximately 12,500 and 193,000 pay-per-view buys. When the 2008 event was released on DVD it reached a peak position of second on "Billboard"'s DVD Sales Chart. The professional wrestling section of the Canadian Online Explorer website rated the entire event a perfect 10 out of 10.
Background.
Armageddon featured seven professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds and storylines that had played out on "Raw", "Friday Night SmackDown", and "ECW on Sci Fi"—WWE's television programs. Wrestlers were portrayed as either villains or heroes in the scripted events that built tension and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches and competed either under their real names or stage names. The event featured wrestlers from WWE's Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands—a storyline division in which WWE employees are assigned to the television program of the same name.
The main rivalry heading into Armageddon on the SmackDown brand was a match involving three competitors, known as a Triple Threat match in WWE, for the WWE Championship between Edge, Triple H, and Jeff Hardy. At Survivor Series, Jeff Hardy was out of action after being found unconscious in the stairwell of his Boston hotel earlier in the morning. This resulted to Hardy being removed from the WWE title match, leaving Triple H and Vladimir Kozlov battling each other one-on-one. Just when it looked like Triple H had Kozlov beat after nailing him with a hard-hitting Pedigree, SmackDown's primary authority figure Vickie Guerrero interrupted the match to announce that it would indeed be Triple Threat match– with Edge as the last minute third competitor. Edge made his way to the ring and nailed Triple H with a vicious Spear. Next, Hardy surprisingly ran into the ring and attacked Edge. Hardy then grabbed a steel chair, returned to the ring and knocked both Triple H and Kozlov with each chair shot to the head. As Hardy was about to nail Edge with the chair, Edge countered by spearing Hardy then capitalized, by covering Triple H for the win and won his 6th World Championship. SmackDown General Manager, Vickie Guerrero announced on the November 28, 2008 episode of "SmackDown" that Triple H, Hardy, and Vladimir Kozlov would compete in a "Beat the Clock" challenge to gain the opportunity to face Edge at Armageddon for the title. In a Beat the Clock challenge, wrestlers compete in separate individual matches and whoever wins their match in the fastest time wins the competition. The first contest saw Hardy defeat The Brian Kendrick in 12:13. Kozlov fought in the second encounter against Matt Hardy, but failed to defeat him in under 12:13, thus being eliminated from the challenge. The last match-up pitted Triple H against Shelton Benjamin, which ended with Triple H gaining the fall at exactly 12:13. As a result of the tie, neither man was announced as the contender for the championship. One week later on the December 5, 2008 episode of "SmackDown", it was announced that the WWE Board of Directors had decided Edge would have to defend the title against both Triple H and Hardy at Armageddon.
John Cena and Chris Jericho were involved in the main rivalry on the Raw brand over the World Heavyweight Championship. At WWE's November Survivor Series, Cena returned to the WWE after a legitimate neck injury (that he sustained at SummerSlam) and defeated Jericho to win the championship. On the November 24 episode of "Raw", Jericho defeated Randy Orton and Batista in a Triple Threat match to earn a title match against Cena at Armageddon. Later that night, Chris Jericho attempted to steal Cena’s thunder, claiming that he plans on winning back the title at Armageddon. When World Champion, John Cena could even make his much anticipated return to Raw, he then gave Jericho an opportunity to confront him face-to-face, Cena explained the difference between himself and Jericho, stating that he actually cares about the many members of the WWE Universe. After Jericho once again stated his intention to beat Cena at Armageddon and continued to belittle the WWE Universe, Cena snapped. He proceeded to brutalize Jericho, throwing him against the announce table, bludgeoning him with the steel stairs and locking him into an STFU. On the following week's episode of "Raw", Jericho made his presence known in much the same way as Cena did the week before, addressing the audience as he made his way through the crowd down to the ring. The difference however, was that while Cena welcomed his fans, Jericho made pains to ignore them. He then went on to explain his resentment toward Cena, stating that while away from the WWE since August 2005, Jericho’s son grew to be a fan, not of his father, but of John Cena. Now, Jericho hopes to show his son and all of the WWE what a real hero is, by beating Cena for the World Heavyweight Title at Armageddon. Later that night, Cena fought Kane in Raw’s main event. Though Jericho attempted to become involved, Cena managed to fight off and then go on to defeat Kane. After the match, Cena chased Jericho, who was attempting to escape. The tables turned, however, when Randy Orton, Cody Rhodes and Manu emerged to attack Cena, allowing Jericho to lock Cena in the Walls of Jericho.
On the November 24 episode of "Raw", Raw's primary authority figure Stephanie McMahon announced an eight-man single-elimination tournament to determine the number-one contender to the WWE Intercontinental Championship, which William Regal held. The first round saw four standard matches, in which Kofi Kingston, CM Punk, John Morrison, and Rey Mysterio were the victors. In the second round, Punk defeated Morrison and Mysterio defeated Kingston, resulting in Mysterio and Punk both qualifying for the finals at Armageddon.
Event.
Pre-show.
Before Armageddon began, a non-televised match took place between the team of John Morrison and The Miz and the team of Jesse and Festus, which Morrison and The Miz won. The DVD release omitted this match.
Preliminary matches.
The first match of the event was between Matt Hardy and Vladimir Kozlov. The match lasted for a few minutes before Kozlov delivered a chokeslam to gain the pinfall victory.
The second match was the finals of the Intercontinental Championship contender tournament between Rey Mysterio and CM Punk. Near the end of the match, Mysterio tried to perform his signature 619 maneuver, however, Punk countered by performing a Go To Sleep. Punk then pinned Mysterio to gain the victory and a match against William Regal for the Intercontinental Championship.
Finlay was pitted against Mark Henry, who was accompanied by Tony Atlas, in a match with no disqualifications billed as a Belfast Brawl. In the final moments of the match, Finlay left the ring and grabbed the steel steps at one of the four corners. He then re-entered the ring to only have Henry kick him in the face and grab the makeshift weapon. Finlay followed by retrieving a shillelagh he had brought with him to the ring and used it to bash Henry over the head before Henry could use the steel steps. Finlay then pinned Henry to become the winner.
Batista versus Randy Orton was next, with Orton being accompanied to the ring by Cody Rhodes and Manu. The match started with Orton taking control and knocking Batista to the outside. The end came when Batista executed the Batista Bomb. Batista then pinned Orton to win the encounter.
The fifth match was an Eight Woman Santa's Little Helper Tag Team match where all eight competitors were dressed in Christmas outfits. It pitted two teams of four against each other: Michelle McCool, Maria, Kelly Kelly, and Mickie James versus Maryse, Jillian Hall, Victoria, and Natayla. The match ended quickly with McCool getting a pinfall victory over Hall after the Faithbreaker.
Main event matches.
John Cena defended the World Heavyweight Championship against Chris Jericho in the next encounter. The match started off with Cena trying to lift Jericho on his shoulders in an early attempt to execute his finishing maneuver called the FU, only to have Jericho escape and perform his maneuver a double knee to the face and chest area called the Codebreaker. Cena became the victor in the encounter after making Jericho submit to his STFU submission hold by trapping Jericho's leg underneath with his, wrapping his arms around Jericho's neck, and pulling back.
The main event contest saw Jeff Hardy and Triple H challenging Edge for the WWE Championship in a Triple Threat match. Hardy won the contest after Triple H performed a Pedigree by forcing Edge's head into the mat followed by Hardy diving off the top rope executing a Swanton Bomb onto Edge. Hardy followed by quickly pinning Edge and winning the match and his first World Championship while Triple H lay on the ground outside the ring. This marked Hardy's first WWE Championship.
Aftermath.
After Armageddon on the January 2, 2009 episode of "SmackDown", Vickie Guerrero announced that Jeff Hardy would defend the WWE Championship against Edge at the WWE's Royal Rumble pay-per-view. At the Royal Rumble, Edge defeated Hardy to regain the WWE Championship with the unexpected help from Matt Hardy.
The rivalry between Batista and Orton continued until the December 15, 2008, episode of "Raw", when Orton punted Batista in the head, giving him a storyline concussion, causing him to take time off indefinitely. WWE.com later reported that Batista elected to undergo surgery to repair a legitimate hamstring tear (that he suffered during his match with John Cena at SummerSlam.
CM Punk received his match for the Intercontinental title on the January 5, 2009 episode of "Raw" against William Regal, but failed to win due to Regal getting himself disqualified. Two weeks later, Punk and Regal had another match this time under no disqualifications rules, which Punk won to claim the title.
Reception.
The HSBC Arena has a maximum capacity of 19,200, however Armageddon only had an attendance of 12,500. It received 193,000 buys, which was less than the 237,000 buys the previous year's event received. Armageddon helped World Wrestling Entertainment earn $15.9 million in revenue from pay-per-view events, but this was less than the $19.9 million earned the previous year; Linda McMahon, the CEO of WWE, confirmed this statement on February 24, 2009 in a quarterly financial report. Canadian Online Explorer's professional wrestling section rated the event a perfect ten out of ten. Wade Keller of the PWTorch rated the main event match for the WWE Championship 4 and a quarter stars out of 5. He went on to state that the match was a "really satisfying main event and it's the finish WWE dared not do for a long time." He rated the match for the World Heavyweight Championship 3 and a quarter stars out of 5 and proclaimed he thought it was a "good match".
Sony Music Entertainment released the event on DVD on January 13, 2009, and it reached second place on "Billboard's" DVD Sales Chart for recreational sports during the week of February 7, 2009.
Results.
Number one contender for the Intercontinental Championship Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="18548241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548241" title="Aichi Konan College">
Aichi Konan College


</doc>
<doc id="18548254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548254" title="The Cat Who Went to Paris">
The Cat Who Went to Paris

The Cat Who Went to Paris is a short novel by Peter Gethers that documents his life with his cat Norton, a Scottish Fold (published in the UK as "A Cat Called Norton"). It spurred two sequel books, "A Cat Abroad" (ISBN 9780449909522) and "The Cat Who'll Live Forever: The Final Adventures of Norton, the Perfect Cat, and His Imperfect Human" (ISBN 9780767909037). 
Literary critic and scholar Charles Limley has remarked that The Cat Who Went to Paris "may be one of the finest pieces of feline-inspired literary production since "The Cat Who…" series. The bold artistic vision of Gethers and his paw-padded companion is matched only by the force of Gethers' cutting prose. A true mast-purrrr-piece."

</doc>
<doc id="18548277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548277" title="Nagoya College">
Nagoya College


</doc>
<doc id="18548292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548292" title="Nagoya Management Junior College">
Nagoya Management Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18548303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548303" title="Taja Eden">
Taja Eden

Natasha Edwards is an American singer/songwriter, pianist, and producer, who grew up in Queens, New York. She is better known by her stage name, Taja Eden. After graduating from St. John's University, Eden could be found singing in church, local live music venues along the east coast, and overseas. She’s lent her “hook writing” talents and been the featured background vocalist on several hip/hop projects. In addition, she was one of the elite lead vocalists for the 23,000 member megachurch, Greater A.M.E. Cathedral of New York. Eden’s voice has also gained her special invitations to sing at two Caribbean Festivals. She began showcasing her music in 2005 while performing at these venues and as lead vocalist for various cover bands. Eden’s garnered fans and the attention of several record labels along the way. Art Nouveau Magazine tells "elements of Alicia Keys, Norah Jones, and Alanis Morissette are rolled into this talented young artist". She is on "Artist-to-watch-list" for 2009 and a record deal is pending. Her musical style is an intriguing acoustic mix. It melts soul, rock, pop, and ska. In 2007 after many requests, and in the midst of a move to Atlanta, Georgia, Eden began producing her debut CD.

</doc>
<doc id="18548307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548307" title="Okazaki Women's Junior College">
Okazaki Women's Junior College


</doc>
<doc id="18548314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548314" title="A Cat Abroad">
A Cat Abroad

A Cat Abroad is the second short novel by Peter Gethers that documents his life with his cat Norton, a Scottish Fold. It was preceded by "The Cat Who Went to Paris" and followed by "The Cat Who'll Live Forever: The Final Adventures of Norton, the Perfect Cat, and His Imperfect Human". "A Cat Abroad" documents Gether's and Norton's time living in a foreign country and describes not only their relationship and experiences but also the intricacies and difficulties of living in a small hamlet in a foreign country.

</doc>
<doc id="18548318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548318" title="The Cat Who'll Live Forever">
The Cat Who'll Live Forever

"The Cat Who'll Live Forever: The Final Adventures of Norton, the Perfect Cat, and His Imperfect Human" is the third and final short novel by Peter Gethers that documents his life with his cat Norton, a Scottish Fold. It was preceded by "A Cat Abroad" and documents the final portion of Norton's life and the repercussions his death have.
Reception.
Charlotte Abbot of Publishers Weekly reviewed the book saying, "Gethers is at his best describing his own mixed feelings about Norton's success; fans at book signings, for instance, regularly talk to the cat and not to him. Readers will also enjoy Gethers's candid assessment of their lives together, such as his admission that he was "too selfish to get a second cat for to socialize with," and that he slaved daily over healthful home-cooked meals for Norton but often got take-out for himself". Eva Lautemann, of The Library Journal, reviewed the book saying, "This bittersweet story of a cat who teaches his human friend lessons in loving and coping with illness is essential for all public libraries.

</doc>
<doc id="18548321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548321" title="Southeast Career Technical Academy">
Southeast Career Technical Academy

The Southeast Career Technical Academy (SECTA and Tech) (formerly known as (("Vo-Tech")) is a magnet public high school in Las Vegas, Nevada and part of the Clark County School District. The school which opened in 1966 as the Southern Nevada Vocational Technical Center, was the first magnet school to be opened by the Clark County School District. The school changed its name before the start of the 2007-08 school year.
History.
SECTA is a four-year comprehensive career technical high school accredited by the Northwest Association of Schools and Colleges that offers Clark County students the opportunity to participate in career technical training programs. The course of study consists of career technical instruction as well as academic classes that meet college and district requirements, which leads students to a technical certificate and a high school diploma.
Established in 1966, the school offers multiple career technical programs, a variety of academic courses, and student activities that can satisfy the needs of those young persons seeking additional choices to the regular high school curriculum. Academic and career technical teachers serve Southeast Career Technical Academy’s 1829 students.
The success of SECTA was observed by the Clark County School District, who decided to plan and construct four more career technical academies in the various regions of the Las Vegas Valley. In 2007, SECTA became the new name of Southern Nevada Vocational Technical Center in order to promote a positive image about the career technical learning environment present at the school, and to become part of the five career technical academies in Las Vegas, the only one of which to sponsor interscholastic athletic programs.
Majors offered.
The academic majors include:
3D Animation for Film & Games<br>
Architectural Engineering Drafting & Design<br>
Automotive Service Technology<br>
Automotive Collision Repair Technology<br>
Internetworking Technology<br>
Website Interactive Media<br>
Cosmetology<br>
Culinary Arts<br>
Construction Engineering<br>
Video Production<br>
Graphic Design & Illustration<br>
Nurse Assisting/Medical Assisting<br>
Sports Medicine<br>
Photography
Extracurricular activities.
SECTA is known for its excellence in its career technical programs including receiving national recognition for its SkillsUSAorganization. SECTA placed 13 Gold, 24 Silver & 19 Bronze Medalists in the 2012 SkillsUSA State Competition. SECTA has the most College of Southern Nevada Tech Prep College Credits garnered in the state in 2011. (Secta's school hours are from 6:30 a.m.–1:27 p.m.)
Athletics.
The athletics programs at SECTA are known as the Roadrunners and compete in the Southeast Division of the Sunrise 4A Region. The Roadrunners participate in all sports sponsored by the Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association with the exceptions of football, track and field and wrestling. In 2012, SECTA won the Nevada State titles in Men's Bowling, Men's Soccer and Men's Volleyball. school has many other sports such as a swimming, soccer, basketball, baseball, bowling and a volleyball.
Mission statement.
Southeast Career Technical Academy provides career technical and academic instruction which imparts technological, interpersonal, and entry-level job skills and enables students to meet the rigors of post-secondary education.
Alumni.
Kevin Rose, a venture partner at Google Ventures, graduated from SECTA in 1994, back when it was called Vo-Tech.
References.
The saying is "We build futures."

</doc>
<doc id="18548331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548331" title="Misono Gakuen Junior College">
Misono Gakuen Junior College

History.
Misono School was opened by the Missionary Sisters of the Sacred Heart in Akita City in 1940, and established a kindergarten teachers training school in 1957. It was officially chartered as a junior college in 1966. The school offers a curriculum for obtaining a teacher’s certificate for nursery schools or kindergartens.

</doc>
<doc id="18548355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548355" title="Live in Brazil (Dr. Sin album)">
Live in Brazil (Dr. Sin album)

Live in Brazil is an EP by Brazilian hard rock band Dr. Sin. It was released only in Japan with the album Double LIVE! by Yngwie Malmsteen. The Swedish guitarist loved the opening show in Brazil, and he decides to launch the Japanese version of 'Double LIVE!' with one EP with four musics of Dr. Sin live. "Yngwie Malmsteen & Dr. Sin" sold 50.000 records in Japan only in the first week.

</doc>
<doc id="18548364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548364" title="Michael Meeks">
Michael Meeks

Michael Meeks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18548371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548371" title="List of ship commissionings in 1879">
List of ship commissionings in 1879

The list of ship commissionings in 1879 includes a chronological list of all ships commissioned in 1879.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18548372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548372" title="Hrazdan (disambiguation)">
Hrazdan (disambiguation)

Hrazdan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18548375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548375" title="Angiofibroma">
Angiofibroma

Angiofibromas are small, reddish brown or even flesh-colored, smooth, shiny, 0.1- to 0.3 cm papules present over the sides of the nose and the medial portions of the cheeks. They contain fibrous tissue.

</doc>
<doc id="18548380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548380" title="Kyoto Gaidai Nishi High School">
Kyoto Gaidai Nishi High School

Kyoto Gaidai Nishi High School is a high school located in Kyoto, Japan. It is a part of Kyoto University of Foreign Studies Group. It has four different types of courses. International and cultural studies course is a one of them. The mottos of this course are; to learn useful English, to understand different cultures, to respect the individual personalities of everyone, and to learn freedom and responsibility. The program is really unique. They have many more English lessons than usual Japanese high schools. Most of them are their original. Ten native English full-time teachers are there. They have two homeroom teachers, Japanese and native. Students in this course learn the tea ceremony to understand their own culture. In the first grade in winter, students go to New Zealand and study as a students of sister schools. In the third grade, they have a Model United Nations. They act as representatives of countries and also chairpersons and secretaries. It is a big event for them. They study a lot about the United Nations and global issues. About eight schools join. They also have some volunteers as a part of their program. International and Cultural Studies Course A is a course for entering Kyoto University of Foreign Studies. International and Cultural Studies Course B is a course for the purpose of entering other universities. Because of this difference, class A has a few more English classes and international studies classes than class B.

</doc>
<doc id="18548395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548395" title="The Moon Is Disgusting">
The Moon Is Disgusting

The Moon Is Disgusting, released in 2007, is the second album released by That 1 Guy.

</doc>
<doc id="18548403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548403" title="Marianne Suhr">
Marianne Suhr

Marianne Suhr MRICS (born c. 1969) is an English Chartered Building Surveyor, writer, and expert on historic buildings. She co-presented the television series "Restoration" with Ptolemy Dean and Griff Rhys Jones.
Work.
Suhr trained with the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings and runs training courses for them. She also writes articles for national newspapers and magazines, including contributions to "Period Living".
In October 2005, Suhr joined Richard Chartres, Bishop of London at St Giles in the Fields, London, to launch a new maintenance project for the capital's historic churches.
In "Restoration", she toured the United Kingdom looking for exciting restoration projects, repairing old buildings, mixing building mud and even dowsing.
On her own account, she restored a derelict thatched cottage in Kibworth Beauchamp, Leicestershire, with a friend. On completion of the project, in May 2005, she advised "Don't expect to make money on a project if you're going to do it properly. It involves a lot of time, expensive materials and specialist craftsmen. Estimate the cost and duration of the work, then double both." In 2006, with her partner Richard, she renovated a timber-framed house in Oxfordshire as a home.
On British house-hunters in France, she has said: 

</doc>
<doc id="18548496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548496" title="Letea Forest">
Letea Forest

Letea Forest is the oldest natural reservation in Romania that was established in 1938, when the Romanian Council of Ministers passed Decision No. 645 declaring the Letea Forest a nature reserve. It is located between the Sulina and Chilia branches of Danube in the Danube Delta. It also covers an area of approximately .
This forest was the initial foundation of the Danube Delta Biosphere Reserve, which has been declared a World Heritage Site. It was internationally recognized as a Biosphere Reserve under UNESCO's Man and the Biosphere Programme in 1992.
It has a subtropical aspect, due to the presence of the tropical creeper named Periploca graeca. This is a Mediterranean plant which finds its most northern refuge in the Danube Delta. Along with this, types of liana and other climbing plants are woven on the branches of the trees, such as the wild vine, the hop plant and the ivy.
Letea Forest is formed mainly from trees like White Poplar, Black Poplar, Elm tree, English Oak, Silver Lime, Narrow-leafed Ash and Common Alder. Along with these ones above, it is completed by a rich scale of sub-shrub species.
It is also home for a rich fauna like the Red-footed Falcon, the White-tailed Eagle, the Roller, the Hoopoe, the Vipera ursinii and the Danube Delta horse. There are approximately 1600 entomofauna species identified until today.

</doc>
<doc id="18548510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548510" title="Vascular tissue neoplasm">
Vascular tissue neoplasm

A vascular tissue neoplasm is, as its name would indicate, a vascular tissue tumor.
Examples include hemangioma and hemangiopericytoma.

</doc>
<doc id="18548520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548520" title="Beth Israel Synagogue (Hamilton, Ohio)">
Beth Israel Synagogue (Hamilton, Ohio)

Beth Israel Synagogue () is a synagogue located at 50 North 6th Street in Hamilton, Ohio. It was founded in 1901 as an Orthodox alternative to Hamilton's existing Reform synagogue, and completed its current building in 1931. It moved to the Conservative movement, and became egalitarian in the 1980s. , the rabbi was Eric R. Slaton and the president was Michael Cohen.
Early history.
Beth Israel Synagogue () was organized by eight families in 1901 as an Orthodox alternative to Hamilton's existing synagogue, a Reform congregation on High Street that was founded in the 1880s. The founding members were Yiddish-speaking immigrants, more traditional than Hamilton's existing English speaking Jewish community of around 250 families. The new congregation initially worshiped in members' homes, and then a converted warehouse on Hamilton's East Side, at the corner of Fifth and Charles streets. In its early years was served by a series of temporary rabbis, who often also served as ritual slaughterers. It obtained a charter from the State of Ohio as Bais Israel in 1911.
By 1919, under the leadership of Rabbi J.H. Goodman, the congregation comprised 42 member families. Services were held in Hebrew, and the congregation's religious school had 45 students and held classes daily. The Ladies Auxiliary was formed in 1923, and purchased land at Sixth and Butler in 1929. The congregation sold its existing building, and began worshiping at a temporary location on Main Street. That year the rabbi was Gabriel Zacuto. 
The current synagogue building at 50 North 6th Street was completed in 1931. It consisted of a main sanctuary, capable of seating over 200, a social hall and a kitchen. At the time the congregation had 60 member families. Visiting Zionist leaders used the new social hall to raise money for the creation of the State of Israel.
The Great Depression caused the congregation significant financial distress. Zacuto's salary was cut in half, to $25 (today $) per week, and his contract was concelled. He left in 1933, and was replaced by Bernard Kalchman. The congregation opened a religious school in 1939.
Post World War II.
Kalchman left in 1946, and was succeeded the following year by Murray Garson. Garson initiated late Friday night services, but left the following year, and was replaced by Joseph Krickstein, who served until his retirement in the 1960s. He was followed by Mark Warshofsky.
An addition to the synagogue building, started in 1960 and completed in 1961, included offices and classrooms. In 1964, a chapel/multi-purpose room was added. The synagogue eventually moved away from Orthodox Judaism, and joined the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism.
In 1984 the congregation voted to count women in the "minyan". That year Bruce Adler joined as rabbi; he had previously served for one year as rabbi of Temple Beth Israel of Niagara Falls, New York, following his ordination at the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College. In 1985, Beth Israel elected its first woman president and voted to call women to the Torah.
Adler left in 1997, and Eric R. Slaton joined as rabbi in 1999. He had previously served for eleven years as rabbi of Lexington, Kentucky's Ohavay Zion Synagogue.
In 2011, the congregation celebrated its 100th anniversary. Activities included extracting a time capsule filled with documents and artifacts buried in the cornerstone of the synagogue building, and replacing it with copies of the existing material and new artifacts. As of that year, the rabbi was Slaton, and the president was Michael Cohen.

</doc>
<doc id="18548521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548521" title="Congregation Beth Israel (Asheville, North Carolina)">
Congregation Beth Israel (Asheville, North Carolina)

Congregation Beth Israel () is a Conservative synagogue located at 229 Murdock Avenue in Asheville, North Carolina. Founded in 1899 as Bikur Cholim, it was an Orthodox breakaway from Asheville's existing synagogue. It hired its first full-time rabbi in 1909, opened a religious school in 1911, and acquired its first synagogue building, which burnt down in 1916, in 1913.
The congregation completed its second building in 1924, affiliated with Conservative Judaism in 1949, and changed its name to Beth Israel in 1950. It completed construction of its current building in 1969.
Robert Cabelli joined as rabbi in 2006. he was the rabbi, and the president was Marc Penansky.
Early history.
Significant Jewish immigration to Asheville, North Carolina began in 1880, when the railroad link to Asheville was completed. The community founded Asheville's oldest synagogue, Beth HaTephila, as a "conservative" congregation in 1891, before the Conservative movement was formally founded. By 1899, however, some members of the Jewish community felt Beth HaTephila was not traditional enough, and eight of them founded Bikur Cholim as an Orthodox alternative. "Bikur cholim" is Hebrew for "visitation of the sick"; the name was used in recognition of the many people who came to Asheville to recuperate from tuberculosis.
The congregation initially worshiped in the Masonic Temple and the Church Street Odd Fellows Hall. Membership grew very slowly, and the congregation went through a series of rabbis whose terms were generally short. The congregation frequently had no rabbi at all, and High Holiday services were often led by lay members. Solomon Schechter came to Asheville in 1904 to assist in executing a merger of Beth HaTephila and Bikur Cholim, but the negotiations fell through.
First full-time rabbi, first building.
In 1909, Louis Londow was hired as the congregation's first full-time rabbi, though he had to open a grocery store to make ends meet. Described as "a model of civility", he "was known to remove his hat whenever he got a phone call from a woman". The congregation opened a Talmud Torah school in 1911, and in 1913 purchased a building on South Liberty Street. By this time, Londow had been succeeded as rabbi by Ellis Fox, though Londow stayed in Asheville to run his store.
A group broke away from Bikur Cholim in 1916, forming the Anshei Yeshurun congregation. That year, just before Rosh Hashanah, Bikur Cholim's building burned down. A replacement building (in the same location) was not completed until 1924. Fox left to become the rabbi of Beth HaTephila in 1917, and was succeeded by D. Hechtor. A Ladies' Auxiliary (now a Sisterhood) was formed, and one of its duties was to bring chicken soup to Jewish patients in Asheville's tuberculosis sanatoria.
Events since 1940.
The synagogue continued to experience difficulty keeping Orthodox rabbis in a small Southern city, and had seven different spiritual leaders from 1940 to 1953. The congregation moved away from its previous traditionalism, affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism in 1949, and changed its name to Beth Israel in 1950. In the 1950s, the congregation also voted to shorten its Shabbat morning service and start it two hours earlier at 8:00am, so that worshipers could open their stores after services. 
The Asheville Development Commission purchased the synagogue property on Liberty Street in the 1960s. After a major fundraising campaign, Beth Israel constructed its current synagogue building at 229 Murdock Avenue in 1969, dedicated by then-rabbi Samuel Friedman. The old property eventually became a parking lot of a Best Western hotel. Membership grew steadily throughout the 1980s and 1990s, from 70 families in 1980, to 100 in 1990, to almost 200 in 1999.
Robert Cabelli joined as rabbi in August 2006. Cabelli had worked as a neurobiologist, research scientist, and professor before being ordained at the Ziegler School of Rabbinic Studies and joining Beth Israel. By 2009, membership remained at 200 families.
, the rabbi was Cabelli, and the president was Marc Penansky.

</doc>
<doc id="18548522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548522" title="Beth Israel Congregation (Washington, Pennsylvania)">
Beth Israel Congregation (Washington, Pennsylvania)

Beth Israel Congregation is a Conservative synagogue located at 265 North Avenue in Washington, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1891, it was the first Jewish congregation in Washington County, Pennsylvania. Its first rabbi, Jacob Goldfarb, served for 50 years.
The congregation constructed its first building in 1902. The current building, at 265 North Avenue, was dedicated in 1955.
, Beth Israel was the only synagogue in Washington County. Its rabbi was David Novitsky.
Early history.
Jacob Goldfarb moved to Washington, Pennsylvania in around 1890. The following year, he led the organization of Beth Israel Congregation as an Orthodox synagogue, serving as both its rabbi and cantor. It was Washington County's first Jewish congregation.
By the turn of the 20th century, the Beth Israel had 22 member families, and an annual revenues of $600 (today $). It held services on Friday nights and Saturday mornings, and had round 20 children in its religious school. In 1902, the congregation constructed its first synagogue building, at the corner of Franklin and Spruce. By 1907, membership was 26 families, out of a total Washington Jewish population of around 200 individuals. Annual revenues were $3,000 (today $), and the religious school, which held classes daily, had 25 students. Emmy Award-winning film and television producer and director Bud Yorkin was a member as a youth in the 1920s and 1930s.
Goldfarb retired in 1941, becoming rabbi emeritus. He was succeeded as rabbi the following year by Maxwell Berger, described by Isaac Landman as "son of the chief rabbi of Toronto, Canada". Berger had previously served from 1940 to 1942 as the first permanent full-time rabbi of Beth El Congregation in Beckley, West Virginia.
Events since 1955.
The congregation's current building at 265 North Avenue was dedicated in 1955. Designed by Alexander Sharove, it housed "two sanctuaries, classrooms, library, social hall, parlor, gymnasium/auditorium, and two kosher kitchens".
David J. Matzner was rabbi in the 1970s. Born in Wiesbaden, Germany in 1914, he received his rabbinic training first at the Jewish Teachers' Seminary in Duerzburg, then (from 1936 to 1938) at Yeshivat Torat Chayim in Jerusalem, where he was ordained. He returned to Weisbaden, working as sales representative, and was interned in several Nazi concentration camps during the Holocaust. He emigrated to the United States in 1950, serving as rabbi of Mount Sinai Congregation in Wausau, Wisconsin and Sons of Jacob Congregation in Waterloo, Iowa before coming to Beth Israel. He retired in 1978, returning to Israel for two years, before settling in Pompano Beach, Florida, where he died in 1986. A eulogy written by a former Beth Israel member in the "Observer-Reporter" described him as having "unique aura of sweetness and power".
David C. Novitsky was rabbi in the 2000s. A graduate of Touro Law Center, he was ordained in 1983 by the Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary of Yeshiva University. In addition to serving as a rabbi, he practiced as a litigation attorney for over 14 years, and is an adjunct instructor in the Religious Studies department of Washington & Jefferson College.
, Beth Israel was the only synagogue in Washington County. Novitsky was the rabbi.

</doc>
<doc id="18548523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548523" title="Congregation Beth Israel (Lebanon, Pennsylvania)">
Congregation Beth Israel (Lebanon, Pennsylvania)

Congregation Beth Israel () is a Jewish congregation located at 411 South Eighth Street in Lebanon, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1907 to provide services for the High Holidays, it was then, and remains today, the only synagogue in the Lebanon area.
The congregation's current building, designed by Percival Goodman to mirror the barns of the surrounding Pennsylvania Dutch community, was dedicated in 1953.
Steven M. Glazer was rabbi from 1970 to 1977, Louis Zivic from 1983 to 2004, and Jonathan Panitz in 2005. Panitz was succeeded by Paula Reimers; , Reimers was Beth Israel's rabbi, and Judith Clark was its president.
Early history.
Congregation Beth Israel was formed in 1907 by Jews in Lebanon, Pennsylvania who wanted a place to worship on the High Holidays. Services were, for a number of years, held in various homes.
In 1915, when the membership reached 25, the congregation purchased a house on the southeast corner of Cumberland and Old Cumberland Streets. Beth Israel moved to the third floor of the Samler Building at Eight and Cumberland Streets in 1918, where they remained for over a decade. At the time of the move, the "rabbi-cantor" was Alter B. Freedman, the synagogue had 35 member families, and its annual income was $1,500 (today $). The religious school held classes five days a week, and had 25 pupils. By 1929 membership had reached 90, and Beth Israel purchased the empty Emanuel Evangelical Church at 624 Chestnut Street.
The congregation moved to its current location, at 4111 South Eighth Street, in 1953. The building, designed by synagogue architect Percival Goodman, was intended to mirror the surrounding community; as Lebanon was a region heavily populated by Pennsylvania Dutch farmers, he designed the synagogue as "a barn-style white building with Hebrew lettering on the facade."
1970 to 2006.
Steven M. Glazer joined the synagogue as rabbi in 1970, upon his graduation from the Jewish Theological Seminary of America. He served until 1977, when he moved to Temple Beth-El of Birmingham, Alabama. At the time Beth Israel had 120 member families.
Louis Zivic joined as the congregation's rabbi and principal of the religious school in 1983. Psychologist Julie Allender, his former wife (they divorced in 1998), described the constraints involved in being a rabbi's wife in a Summer 1983 article in the Women's League of Conservative Judaism's "Outlook" magazine, and was cited in subsequent studies of rabbi's wives by Shuly Rubin Schwartz.Dr Allender also attempted to educate the Lebanon schools in secular issues to remove the strong Christian emphasis in the public schools. She was not supported by her husband Rabbi Zivic or the Anti Defamation League. 
Zivic was a signator of an official protest letter in 2001 to President George W. Bush regarding Faith-Based Initiatives. 
In 2001, Beth Israel was also the recipient of the Solomon Schechter Gold Award for libraries.
Zivic served until 2004. He was followed as rabbi by Jonathan Panitz, who served during 2005 and 2006. Panitz had previously retired as chaplain for the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland.
Recent events.
Panitz was succeeded by Paula Reimers. Reimers had converted from Christianity to Conservative Judaism in 1981, became one of the Jewish Theological Seminary's earliest female graduates in 1990, and subsequently served as rabbi for 13 years at congregations in Los Angeles, Connecticut and Arizona before coming to Beth Israel. In Los Angeles she was the rabbi of Temple Emanu-El in Burbank, California for seven years, but in 2001, shortly after the September 11 attacks, she became embroiled in controversy there. She had invited several Muslims to join temple members in the temple's "sukkah", and in order not to offend the guests, had Israeli flags removed from among the sukkah decorations, which in turn offended some of her congregants. Though neither she nor the synagogue's board attributed it to this incident, it, along with her "extremely dovish politics", contributed to her contract not being renewed.
While serving as rabbi of Beth Israel, Reimers also served as the Jewish chaplain at Lebanon Valley College, and ran an interfaith dialogue program at the synagogue. In 2007 she protested the Commonwealth Prayer Breakfast held in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, which, in her opinion, "clearly showed state endorsement of one particular religion (Christianity) and one particular sect within that religion (evangelical Protestantism), and even one particular Christian evangelical organization, Capitol Ministries."
Until 2008, Congregation Beth Israel was affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism; that year it chose to resign from the organization. , it was the only synagogue in the Lebanon area. The rabbi was Paula Reimers and the president was Judith Clark.

</doc>
<doc id="18548524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548524" title="Beth Israel Congregation of Chester County">
Beth Israel Congregation of Chester County

Beth Israel Congregation is a Conservative synagogue located at 385 Pottstown Pike (Route 100) in Upper Uwchlan Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania. It was founded in Coatesville, Pennsylvania in 1904 as Kesher Israel by Eastern European immigrants, and formally chartered as "Beth Israel" in 1916. It constructed its first building in 1923, and expanded it after World War II.
In 1979, Beth Israel became the first Conservative congregation to hire a woman (Linda Joy Holtzman) as a rabbi. Holtzman served until 1985, and was succeeded by Michael Charney. The congregation purchased its current property in 1989, and completed its facility there in 1995. , Charney is Beth Israel's spiritual leader.
Early history.
Beth Israel was founded in 1904 as Kesher Israel by Jewish immigrants to Coatesville, Pennsylvania from Eastern Europe. It established a Sunday school and purchased a cemetery in 1907, and was formally chartered as "Beth Israel" by the Chester County Court of Common Pleas in 1916.
The congregation purchased land on Fifth Avenue and Harmony Street in Coatesville in 1923, and constructed a new synagogue building there, completed in 1924. After World War II, an extension to the building added a chapel/library and classrooms, and expanded the kitchen and social hall.
Elihu Schagrin was rabbi from 1945 to 1953. Born in Wilmington, Delaware in 1918, he was ordained at the Reform Jewish Institute of Religion in 1946. During his tenure at Beth Israel he also served as chaplain of Coatesville's Veterans Affairs Hospital, and, from 1949 on, was president of the Greater Coatesville Inter-Racial Committee. In 1953 he moved to Temple Concord of Binghamton, New York.
Linda Holtzman.
In 1979, the congregation (which now numbered 110 families) hired Linda Joy Holtzman as rabbi. She had been ordained that year by the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College, and was one of thirty applicants. She was one of the first women in the United States to serve as the presiding rabbi of a synagogue. She was the first woman to serve as a rabbi for a Conservative congregation, as the Conservative movement did not then ordain women. 
The Reform and Reconstructionist movements had previously ordained at least ten women rabbis, but they all served as assistant rabbis, hospital chaplains, or directors of university campus organizations. "The New York Times" described her hiring as "a marked breakthrough for the growing numbers of women who have faced obstacles in becoming a rabbi-in-charge", and quoted Holtzman as saying "the fact that I have an appointment in a small town and that they have entrusted me with functions they believe are important is very significant for women and for the Jewish community". At the time, there were only 22 female rabbis in the entire world.
Beth Israel hired the Reconstructionist-ordained Holtzman despite the fact that it was a Conservative synagogue. The executive vice president of the Conservative Rabbinical Assembly, Rabbi Wolfe Kelman, described the appointment as "an historical breakthrough and simply fantastic", and felt that other synagogues would be encouraged to follow suit. At the time, the Rabbinical Assembly did not accept women as members, and the Conservative movement did not ordain its first woman rabbi—Amy Eilberg—until 1985. The hiring of a non-Conservative rabbi in itself was not unusual, however; due in part to a shortage of Conservative rabbis, a fifth of all Conservative synagogues in the U.S. had non-Conservative rabbis in place. While Holtzman believed in the tenets of the Reconstructionist movement, she said that members of the congregation could choose to follow either traditional or nontraditional ideas.
Beth Israel's membership was 125 families by 1983, and the synagogue building also housed B'nai B'rith and Hadassah chapters. Holtzman served at Beth Israel until 1985, when her contract was up for renegotiation. She had been living in Philadelphia and commuting to Coatesville for several years; although she and her lesbian partner had had an open commitment ceremony in Philadelphia, she had not yet come out to her congregation (but despite living something of a double life, she had enjoyed her time with the synagogue and found it very rewarding). Now she informed Beth Israel's board of directors that she and her partner were planning to have children and that she wanted co-parenting leave, and by her subsequent account, each board member privately indicated they were okay with this but that the other board members were not ready for such a development. She left the synagogue and later that year became spiritual leader of Beth Ahavah, a LGBT congregation in Center City, Philadelphia.
Events since 1985.
Holtzman was succeeded as rabbi in 1985 by Michael Charney. The son and grandson of rabbis, he was ordained at the Reform Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion in Cincinnati, and served congregations in Clearwater, Florida and Bowie, Maryland before coming to Beth Israel.
The congregation purchased its current property at 385 Pottstown Pike (Route 100) in Upper Uwchlan Township in 1989. Construction on a new synagogue building there began in 1994 and completed in 1995. Designed by Callori Architects, the facility houses a sanctuary, chapel/library, and school wing. Behind the school wing is a Holocaust memorial garden.
, Charney still serves as the congregation's spiritual leader. A member of the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism, it holds services Friday evenings, "Shabbat" mornings, and on Jewish holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="18548525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548525" title="Temple Beth Israel of Highland Park and Eagle Rock">
Temple Beth Israel of Highland Park and Eagle Rock

Temple Beth Israel of Highland Park and Eagle Rock is an egalitarian synagogue located at 5711 Monte Vista Street in Highland Park, Los Angeles, California. Though it has roots in the Conservative tradition, it is unaffiliated with any Jewish religious movements.
First organized as the Highland Park Hebrew School Association in 1923, it completed construction of its Spanish Colonial Revival style building in 1930, at a cost of $4,077.88. It is the second oldest synagogue in Los Angeles still operating in its original location, after the Wilshire Boulevard Temple (built in 1929).

</doc>
<doc id="18548529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548529" title="Saccharophagus degradans">
Saccharophagus degradans

Saccharophagus degradans (formerly "Microbulbifer degradans") is a bacterium which can perform the function of fermenting xylose to ethanol. In recent studies, "Saccharophagus degradans" from Chesapeake Bay was effectively used to produce cellulosic ethanol. Cellulosic ethanol production by means of bacterial action could be the key cheap production of cellulosic ethanol for global mass market production of bioethanol. It is currently produced by such means as gasification. "S. degradans" is the only species in its newly created genus.

</doc>
<doc id="18548536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548536" title="United States Senate election in South Carolina, 1896">
United States Senate election in South Carolina, 1896

The 1896 South Carolina United States Senate election was a Democratic Party primary election held on August 26, 1896 and September 9 to select the U.S. Senator from the state of South Carolina. Prior to the ratification of the 17th Amendment to the United States Constitution, U.S. Senators were elected by the state legislature and not through the direct election by the people of the state. However, the Democratic Party of South Carolina organized primary elections for the U.S. Senate beginning in 1896 and the General Assembly would confirm the choice of the Democratic voters. Conservative Democratic Joseph H. Earle won the Democratic primary and was elected by the General Assembly for a six-year term.
Democratic primary.
In 1896, Governor of South Carolina John Gary Evans entered the first ever election in the state of South Carolina for the U.S. Senate. He had the backing of Senator Ben Tillman and much of the farming interests in the state. However, the farmers' movement had largely run its course and the Tillmanite reform movement had angered a considerable number of voters in the state. Conservative Joseph H. Earle and Newberry native John T. Duncan announced their candidacy's in opposition to Governor Evans. In the primary on August 26 Evans emerged as the frontrunner, but did not garner over 50% of the vote and was forced to face Earle in a runoff election. Those who had voted for Duncan threw their support to Earle and it provided him with the margin he needed for victory over Evans.

</doc>
<doc id="18548570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548570" title="Spanish sloop Jorge Juan">
Spanish sloop Jorge Juan

Jorge Juan was a "Jorge Juan"-class sloop of the Spanish Navy which was sunk off Cuba during the Spanish-American War.
Technical Characteristics.
"Jorge Juan" was built at La Seyne in France. She was launched in 1876. She had a composite hull, one funnel, one screw, and a barque rig. She was the lead ship of a class of two sloops.
Operational history.
During the Spanish-American War in 1898, "Jorge Juan" was in Cuba. She was anchored in Nipe Bay when, late on the morning of 21 July 1898, the United States Navy armed yacht USS "Wasp" and armed tug USS "Leyden" moved in toward Port Nipe in order to reconnoitre the bay. "Wasp" immediately sighted "Jorge Juan" at anchor some four miles up the bay. "Wasp" fired several shots at the signal station located at the bay's entrance, then sped forward to engage "Jorge Juan". At 1244, "Jorge Juan" opened fire at extreme range, and "Wasp" returned fire immediately. "Leyden", followed by gunboats USS "Annapolis" and USS "Topeka", quickly joined in. As the range decreased, American gunfire became more accurate, and all four ships began scoring telling hits on "Jorge Juan". Finally, at 1312, "Jorge Juan" stuck her colors. The four American warships ceased fire and watched "Jorge Juan" sink at 1342.

</doc>
<doc id="18548572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548572" title="Aksel Hennie">
Aksel Hennie

Aksel Hennie (born 29 October 1975) is a Norwegian actor, voice actor, director, and writer. He has acted in a number of successful Norwegian movies and has received several awards.
Life and career.
Hennie grew up in Lambertseter in Oslo. In his late teens, he was sentenced for graffiti, and became an outcast in the community for confessing to the police. This personal story contributed much of the background for the movie "Uno". The conviction against Hennie was in fact one of the first such cases in Norway.
Hennie was admitted to the Norwegian National Academy of Theatre after applying four times. He graduated in 2001, and has since acted both at Teatret Vårt in Molde (2001–2002) and at Oslo Nye Teater (2002–), where he has been in plays such as "Hamlet", and "Kvinnen som giftet seg med en kalkun" (English: The woman who married a turkey).
His main success, however, has been as a film actor. He made his debut starring in the feature film "Jonny Vang" in 2003. Though the director, Jens Lien, originally thought Hennie was too young for the role, the actor convinced him he was the right man for the film. The same year he also acted in the movies "Buddy" and "Ulvesommer", and the next year he made his debut as a director and writer with the movie "Uno", in which he also acted. For this film Hennie, and his co-star Nicolai Cleve Broch, went into hard physical training for six months to perform convincingly as bodybuilders.
He won the Amanda Award – the main Norwegian film award – for "Best Direction" for the movie "Uno" in 2005, and that same year he was also among the nominees for "Best Actor" and "Best Film". He also won an Amanda award as "Best Actor" for the movie "Jonny Vang" in 2003. He was named one of European films "Shooting Stars" by European Film Promotion in 2004. In 2001 he was also named "Theatre talent of the year" by the newspaper Dagbladet. In 2008, Hennie starred in the movie "Max Manus", where he played the role of the Norwegian war hero by that name. The movie had a large budget by Norwegian standards, and was met with great expectations. In 2011, "Age of Heroes" was released, a World War II British War/Adventure film primarily shot in Norway starring alongside Sean Bean and Danny Dyer. On 30 August 2013 "Pionér" will be released, where Hennie has the main role as a commercial offshore diver in the North Sea during the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="18548619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548619" title="Bad (2007 film)">
Bad (2007 film)

bAd is a 2007 drama film directed and written by Vincenzo Giammanco about a young boy who is dyslexic.
John Reed (Remy Thorne) is in the fifth grade and is failing in school as "his teacher thinks that he's just too lazy to study, and the local bully takes every opportunity to humiliate him." [http://www.allmovie.com/cg/avg.dll?p=avg&sql=1:426827~T0#] After the intervention of his mother, she and John work to overcome the difficulties he faces due to dyslexia.

</doc>
<doc id="18548637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548637" title="Cartoon Noir">
Cartoon Noir

Cartoon Noir is a 1999 feature film anthology film consisting of six animated short subjects from five countries. The short films brought together for this anthology were "Gentle Spirit" (1987) by Polish animator Piotr Dumala, "Club of the Laid Off" (1989) by the Czech artist Jiri Barta, "Abductees" (1995) from England’s Paul Vester, "The Story of the Cat and the Moon" (1995) from Portuguese animator Pedro Serrazina, and a pair of shorts from American filmmakers: Suzan Pitt's "Joy Street" (1996) and Julie Zammarchi's "Ape" (1992).
"Cartoon Noir" was released on DVD in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18548686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548686" title="Johnny 99 (song)">
Johnny 99 (song)

"Johnny 99" is a song written and recorded by rock musician Bruce Springsteen, which first appeared on Springsteen's 1982 solo album "Nebraska".
Performance and themes.
In "Johnny 99" Springsteen sings about an auto worker who gets laid off in Mahwah, New Jersey and shoots and kills a night clerk while drunk and distraught. As a result, he is apprehended and is sentenced to 99 years in prison, but requests to be executed instead. On the song, Springsteen is accompanied only by his acoustic guitar. Despite the bleakness of the song's themes - including unemployment, poverty, robbery, murder and possibly execution - the tune is ironically jaunty, with a shuffling rockabilly beat.
Like several other songs on the "Nebraska" album, "Johnny 99" is a song about complete despair. It has direct links with certain songs on "Nebraska": the protagonist in "Johnny 99" notes that he has "debts no honest man could pay," repeating a line used by the protagonist in "Atlantic City", and, like the title song, "Johnny 99" is about a murderer — though rather than being a psychopath like the protagonist in the title song, "Johnny 99" is motivated by his economic circumstances.
History.
Like the rest of the "Nebraska" album, "Johnny 99" was recorded in January 1982 in a no-frills studio set up in Springsteen's home in Colts Neck, New Jersey. Most likely it was recorded on January 3, 1982, when most of the album tracks were recorded.
The background of the song is based on a real life incident, the closing in 1980 of a Ford Motor Company plant in Mahwah, which had been open since 1955. The song also has antecedents in two folk songs that appeared on the box set "Anthology of American Folk Music": Julius Daniels' "99 Year Blues" and Carter Family's "John Hardy Was a Desperate Little Man".
Despite its bleak themes, it has been a reasonably popular song in concert, with 203 live performances through 2005. A live version was released on the album "Live/1975–85". During a September 22, 1984 Born in the U.S.A. Tour concert in Pittsburgh, Springsteen used the introduction to "Johnny 99", to respond to President Reagan referencing the message of hope in Bruce Springsteen's songs, stating "The President was mentioning my name the other day, and I kinda got to wondering what his favorite album musta been. I don't think it was the Nebraska album. I don't think he's been listening to this one."
Other artists have recorded "Johnny 99". Most famously, Johnny Cash recorded this song along with another "Nebraska" song, "Highway Patrolman" for an album that Cash entitled "Johnny 99". The song has also been recorded for Bruce Springsteen covers albums by John Hiatt and Los Lobos. Punk rock band The Loved Ones covered the song on their EP, "Distractions". Mark Erelli and Jeffrey Foucault also covered the song for Seven Curses, an album of murder ballads.
Critical reception.
In praising the album "Nebraska", "Johnny 99" is one of the songs that was singled out by Mikal Gilmore of the "Los Angeles Herald Examiner". In discussing Springsteen's growth as a writer, he stated that "When Springsteen tells Charlie Starkweather and Johnny 99's tales, he neither seeks their redemption nor asks for our judgment. He tells the stories about as simply and as well as they deserve to be told - or about as unsparingly as we deserve to hear them - and he lets us feel for them what we can, or find in them what we can of ourselves."
Though never released as a single anywhere, "Johnny 99" garnered enough album oriented rock airplay to reach #50 on the U.S. Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18548708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548708" title="USS Arapaho (ATF-68)">
USS Arapaho (ATF-68)

USS "Arapaho" (AT-68/ATF-68) was a "Navajo"-class fleet ocean tug which served the U.S. Navy during World War II with her towing services. She was assigned initially to support the U.S. Atlantic Fleet, and was eventually assigned to support Allied forces in the war zones of the Pacific Ocean, resulting in her crew returning home after the war with four battle stars to their credit.
Launched in South Carolina.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Arapaho" (AT-68) was laid down on 8 November 1941 at Charleston, South Carolina, by the Charleston Shipbuilding & Dry-dock Company; launched on 22 June 1942; sponsored by Mrs. Alice Posey Hatcher; and commissioned on 20 January 1943, Lt. E. H. Wootan in command.
World War II service.
East coast operations.
The tug conducted her shakedown training in the vicinity of Key West, Florida, and returned to Norfolk, Virginia, to prepare for a transatlantic voyage. On 19 March, she sailed for Casablanca, Morocco. There, she took the torpedo-damaged attack cargo ship "Almaack" (AKA-10) in tow for the voyage back to the United States. She and her charge arrived back in Norfolk, Virginia, on 20 May. 
In mid-June, the tug moved south to search the Florida Strait for the submarine "R-12 (SS-89"), which had sunk as a result of battery explosions. After fruitlessly seeking this ship from 18 to 23 June, "Arapaho" set sail on 25 June—apparently from Key West, Florida—with a barge in tow on her way to Panama. She left the barge in the Panama Canal Zone and continued her voyage to San Diego, California, where she arrived on 15 July.
Pacific Ocean operations.
For the next three months, the tug conducted towing and salvage operations, first along the U.S. West Coast and then, from early in September, out of Pearl Harbor. On 16 October, "Arapaho" departed Hawaii with two supply lighters in tow, bound for the Ellice Islands. She reached Funafuti on 30 October and began heavy towing operations between the Ellice and Gilbert Islands. For a time, she served as an antisubmarine guard ship at recently captured Tarawa Atoll. 
On 4 December, "Arapaho" embarked 12 civilians who had been liberated from a Japanese internment camp on Makin and set sail—via Funafuti—for Pearl Harbor. From Funafuti, the tug steamed in company with aircraft carrier "Independence" (CVL-22), severely damaged in the Gilbert Islands operation by an aerial torpedo. The ships arrived at Pearl Harbor on 18 December.
"Arapaho" underwent repairs until near the end of the first week in January 1944. On 6 January, she headed back to the Gilberts. Over the next five months, the tug was based successively at Tarawa and Majuro, though she made numerous tows to other islands in the Gilbert, Marshall, and Ellice groups. By 13 June, she had moved her base of operations to Eniwetok where she engaged in harbor duty and salvage work. On 3 July, "Arapaho" set a course for Pearl Harbor, which she reached on the 9th to begin a month of repairs. She returned to Eniwetok on 26 August and, except for a round-trip voyage to Guam, operated there until the second week in October.
Ulithi operations.
At that time, she put to sea towing auxiliary repair dock "ARD-15" and covered lighter (self-propelled) "YF-786" to Ulithi, Service Squadron (ServRon) 10's new advanced base, and, following her arrival at that atoll, worked in and out of its lagoon engaged in harbor and salvage duties. 
Between 4 and 10 November, she assisted "Zuni" (ATF-95) in towing "Reno" (CL-96) into Ulithi. The light cruiser had been torpedoed by a Japanese submarine off the San Bernardino Strait on the 3d. In December, the tug towed "Houston" (CL-81) from Ulithi to Manus in the Admiralty Islands. From there, she towed fuel barge "YO-186" to Kossol Passage in the Palau Islands. After towing "LST-278" to Guam in January 1945, "Arapaho" returned to Ulithi on the 23d and began a major overhaul of her main propulsion plant. The ship completed repairs and returned to active duty on 18 March.
Okinawa operations.
She operated out of Ulithi until mid-June when she moved to Guam. From there, the tug headed for Okinawa on 5 July with auxiliary repair dock "ARD-26" in tow. "Arapaho" and the auxiliary repair dock arrived in Kerama Retto 10 days later. The tug remained at Okinawa until after the end of hostilities in mid-August. Late that month, she voyaged back to Guam to pick up "ARD-21" for tow to Okinawa. She returned to Kerama Retto with her charge on 7 September and resumed local towing duty.
End-of-war decommissioning.
That assignment continued until 9 November 1945 when she began the long journey back to the United States. She stopped at Pearl Harbor for a few days early in December and arrived in San Pedro, California, on 27th. "Arapaho" remained at San Pedro assigned to the inactive fleet awaiting inactivation overhaul for a little more than a year. On 8 and 9 January 1947, she was towed to San Diego, California, where she was decommissioned on 15 January 1947. She remained with the Pacific Reserve Fleet until July 1961. On 1 July 1961, her name was struck from the Navy list.
Subsequent maritime career.
On 10 July 1961, she was transferred to the Argentine Navy, which commissioned her that same day as ARA "Comandante General Zapiola". The tug remained active with the Argentine Navy until January 1976 when she ran aground in an Antarctic reef and was declared a total loss. Her crew was rescued by the Chilean patrol boat "Piloto Pardo".
Honors and awards.
"Arapaho" (ATF-68) earned four battle stars during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="18548731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548731" title="Juniper Island Light">
Juniper Island Light

The Juniper Island Light on Juniper Island in Vermont is the oldest light station on Lake Champlain and the oldest surviving cast iron lighthouse in the United States.
History.
A light station was established on the island in 1826, displacing a private beacon consisting of a lantern on a post. The tower constructed was of brick, 30 feet tall, and lit with the lamp and reflector system typical of the period. The light was intended to indicate to ships the proximity of Burlington's harbor. This tower was reported to be in disrepair by 1838.
A new tower, also tall, was constructed in 1846. This tower was constructed of four rings of cast iron, attached to a brick keeper's house through a passageway. This tower originally retained the old light's beacon, but was upgraded with a fourth-order Fresnel lens in 1853. Early in the next century, the island was used as a storage depot for fuel, buoys, and other items.
The light was deactivated in 1954 in favor of a steel tower placed closer to the water, and the island as a whole was sold at auction to state senator Fred Fayette. Unfortunately the keeper's house was severely damaged by fire in 1962, though the tower and a separate shed for a fog bell were undamaged. Fayette's family inherited the property, and in 2001 they reconstructed the house using bricks from the remains of its predecessor. Two years later a new, taller tower replaced that of 1954. The family plans to restore the old tower, but it is unlikely to be relit (as has been done with other lights on the lake) since trees on the island obscure it from the water.

</doc>
<doc id="18548735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548735" title="The Looney Tunes Hall of Fame">
The Looney Tunes Hall of Fame

The Looney Tunes Hall of Fame is a 1999 feature film compilation of 15 classic animated short subjects from the Warner Bros. studio. The line-up of cartoons included in this anthology were "A Wild Hare" (1940), "Birdy & the Beast" (1944), "Bugs Bunny Rides Again" (1948), "Rabbit Seasoning" (1952), "Feed the Kitty" (1952), "One Froggy Evening" (1955), "Duck Amuck" (1953), "Another Froggy Evening" (1995), "Fast and Furry-ous" (1949), "Ali Baba Bunny" (1957), "Knighty Knight Bugs" (1958), "High Diving Hare" (1949), "Bully for Bugs" (1955) and "Rabbit of Seville" (1950). "The Looney Tunes Hall of Fame" offered audiences an opportunity to see the cartoons in a 35mm theatrical presentation. 

</doc>
<doc id="18548754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548754" title="Monongahela City Bridge">
Monongahela City Bridge

The Monongahela City Bridge spans the Monongahela River from the City of Monongahela in Washington County, Pennsylvania to Forward Township in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. It was constructed to replace a bridge which was 1/4 of a mile north of its location at First and Main Streets, and it opened to traffic in 1990.
The bridge marks the end of Monongahela's Main Street and the separation of State Route 136 from State Routes 88 and 837. This is the fourth bridge to cross this segment of the river. The 1836 Williamsport Bridge was a wooden structure that served Monongahela while the town was under its original name. After this bridge was consumed in a fire, a four-frame truss bridge was constructed in 1884. This was soon replaced by a three-frame bridge in 1910, which stood until the erection of the current structure in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18548764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548764" title="Desert Pines High School">
Desert Pines High School

Desert Pines High School is a public high school in Las Vegas, Nevada and is a part of the Clark County School District. The school which opened in 1999, also houses the Academy of Information Technology and the Academy of Communications.
Academy of Information Technology.
The Academy of Information Technology at Desert Pines is a magnet program that educates students on the products, service, and implementation of information technology. Students enrolled in the academy learn about hardware (CyberCore, tech support, and computer forensics), software (programming, web development, and ORACLE), as well as networks (Cisco, Novell, etc.). After graduating from the program, students receive industry recognized certifications in A+, Cisco, Java, and ORACLE.
Academy of Communications.
The Academy of Communications at Desert Pines is one of the top media education schools in the Clark County School District. The academy houses state of the art television and radio stations, as well as offering student internships, job shadowing, and summer enrichment programs. Desert Pines has one of the only school-sponsored radio stations in Clark County.
DP-TV
Extracurricular activities.
JROTC.
Desert Pines is home to one of the two Marine Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps squadrons in the Clark County School District (the other being at Basic High School). Desert Pines MCJROTC is over a battalion students strong.
Athletics.
The athletic programs at Desert Pines are known as the Jaguars and participate in the Northeast Division in the Sunrise 4A Region. The Jaguars football team have made the playoffs and as always show strong players, but has yet to have much success. Desert Pines also produces strong boys' and girls' basketball teams year in, year out.
2012-2013 Basketball season is one for the History books. Jaguars won state in the NIAA Division 1-A division.
Soccer.
The varsity boys soccer team of 2010-2011, along with their coach, Coach Perez made it all the way to state final, something the soccer team had never done in the history of Desert Pines HS. They lost 3-1 against Legacy HS but remain state runners-up for Nevada and have a spot in the top 4 teams of Nevada for the season of 2010 to 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18548768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548768" title="List of ship launches in 1878">
List of ship launches in 1878

The list of ship launches in 1878 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1878.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18548790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548790" title="Tianmimi">
Tianmimi

Tian mi mi 甜蜜蜜 (very sweet) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18548838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548838" title="Surtees (disambiguation)">
Surtees (disambiguation)

Surtees may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18548871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548871" title="4 Tunna Brix">
4 Tunna Brix

4 Tunna Brix is an EP by the alternative rock group Sonic Youth released in 1990. It comprises four songs recorded by the BBC in 1988 for John Peel's radio program – three by The Fall and "Victoria" by The Kinks, also covered by The Fall. The title is a reference to former Fall guitarist Brix Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="18548917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548917" title="Matthew Condon">
Matthew Condon

Matthew Condon (born 1962) is a prize-winning Australian writer and journalist.
Biography.
Educated at the University of Queensland and the Goethe Institute, Bremen, Germany, he is the author of ten novels and short story collections, including "The Lulu Magnet", "A Night at the Pink Poodle", "The Motorcycle Cafe", "The Pillow Fight" and, most recently, "The Trout Opera", an epic novel that took him more than ten years to write and examines the Australian character through its chief protagonist, Wilfred Lampe, a rabbiter and farm hand who spends his entire life in the township of Dalgety, on the banks of the Snowy River. The Sydney Daily Telegraph described the novel as "an instant classic". The novel will be published by Doubleday in the UK in 2009.
Condon, who now writes for "The Courier-Mail" and is the father of two children, is based in Brisbane, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18548998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18548998" title="James M. Cushing">
James M. Cushing

Lt. Col. James M. Cushing (1908 - August 26, 1963) was a US Army mining engineer who commanded the guerrilla movement on Cebu Island in the Philippines during World War II. His forces in the Cebu Area Command numbered about 8,500. In early 1944, he was instrumental in the Koga affair in which the Z Plan of the Imperial Japanese Navy was recovered by his guerrillas. Cushing traded Japanese admiral Shigeru Fukudome and other survivors of a plane crash (but not the captured Z Plan) for the assurance that Japanese forces on Cebu would stop murdering civilians; a promise which the Japanese kept. In 1945, he was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. Cushing survived the war and continued living in the Philippines until his death in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="18549002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549002" title="Kurd von Schöning">
Kurd von Schöning

Kurd Wolfgang Wilhelm Gustav Von Schöning (13 August 1789 in Murzynowo (Morrn), Landsberg an der Warthe - 2 April 1859 in Potsdam) was a Prussian major general and historian of the Army. 
He was educated in the cadet corps in Berlin and was commissioned in the Prussian Army on April 1, 1806. His uncle was the distinguished General Field Marshal Hans Adam von Schöning. Appointed Major in 1821, retired in 1827 as a lieutenant-colonel, Chamberlain of Prince Carl. The Grand Duke of Weimar appointed him Commander of the Order of the White Falcon. 
Kurd W. wrote several volumes of Prussian historical notes which served as a primary source for the English work by historian Thomas Carlyle's 'History of Friedrich II of Prussia'. His handwritten papers are located in the Royal Library in Berlin. 
Villa Schöningen is a historic building in Potsdam at the corner of Berlin Street and Swan Avenue where Schöning and his family resided until his death in 1859. It was built in 1843 under Friedrich Wilhelm IV by court architect Ludwig Persius in an Italian villa style. 
His apparent verbose writings lead Carlyle to comment, "(One) specimen distilled faithfully out of that huge jumbling sea of Schöning and rendered legible."

</doc>
<doc id="18549028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549028" title="Lovers and Friends">
Lovers and Friends

Lovers and Friends (later called "For Richer, For Poorer") is a short-lived American soap opera that premiered on NBC on January 3, 1977 and ended on September 29, 1978. The show was created by Harding Lemay and Paul Rauch, both of whom were also working for the daytime drama "Another World". "Lovers and Friends" was considered to be an indirect spin-off of the former series, and took the place of a direct spin-off ("Somerset") on the NBC schedule upon its premiere.
"Lovers and Friends".
The show was set in the fictional Chicago suburb of Point Clair, Illinois, and focused on the trials and tribulations of two neighboring families, the wealthy Cushings and the more middle class Saxtons. Point Clair was a highly wealthy suburb, allegedly modeled after the real life community of Lake Forest, Illinois, the wealthiest of the North Shore suburbs in the Chicago Metropolitan area.
The Cushings were Richard Cushing (Ron Randell), a successful stockbroker, who also had an affair with his secretary, Karen Manners; his proper and high society wife, Edith (Nancy Marchand, Laurinda Barrett), who stayed in the marriage, even though she knew about and tended to tolerate Richard's infidelity; their college aged son, Austin (Rod Arrants) who was an alcoholic; and their daughter, Megan (Patricia Estrin; Darlene Parks) who was unhappily engaged to wealthy and stuffy Desmond Hamilton (David Knapp). She was engaged to him, because she felt that was what was prudent for her upbringing.
Also living with and offering some sage, down-to-earth advice and also a touch of humor to the often stuffy Cushing home was Edith's mother, Sophia Slocum (Margaret Barker). It was Sophia, who wasn't constrained by wealth or societal pretentions, who counseled Megan to look into her heart and to marry for love, and not for money or societal propriety, the way she and Edith had. These words of advice from Sophia helped Megan to break off her unhappy engagement.
The Cushing's neighbors were the Saxtons, who were newcomers to Point Clair. The father, Lester (John Heffernan; Albert Stratton) was a former factory worker and alcoholic, who had recently acquired a higher paying job as a warehouse supervisor, thanks to the help of his married daughter, Eleanor Kimball (Flora Plumb) and her husband, wealthy attorney, George Kimball (Stephen Joyce), which also allowed them to purchase the house next door to the Cushings in Point Clair.
He was married to the compassionate Josie (Patricia Englund) and was the father of four other children, besides Eleanor, the oldest daughter. Rhett (Bob Purvey, David Ramsey, Tom Happer), the oldest son, a professional photographer who had been engaged to longtime girlfriend, Connie Ferguson (Susan Foster, Cynthia Bostick) until he fell in love with and eventually married his neighbor Megan Cushing; Jason (Richard Backus) who was somewhat conniving and scheming, always wanting to get ahead, but always meant well; youngest brother, Bentley (David Abbott) and youngest sister, Tessa (Vicky Dawson; Breon Gorman). Both Bentley and Tessa, who were in high school, felt out of place in wealthy Point Clair, and longed to return to Hammond, their former neighborhood in Chicago.
Also living with the Saxtons was their cousin Amy Gifford (Christine Jones). (Christine Jones brought the Amy Gifford character from "Another World", hence the ties to "Lovers and Friends". Jones would later return to "Another World" as Steve Frame's sister, Janice.)
Alcoholic Austin turned to his next-door neighbor, Lester Saxton, who had been through the same situations that Austin was going through, for guidance; and with his support and help, stayed off the booze and faced his problems in Point Clair. Richard had wanted Austin to go into a wealthy sanitarium to dry out, but he impressed his father by taking responsibility for his actions and remained in town to deal with his troubles, being helped along by Lester, who became his support system.
Retooling as "For Richer, For Poorer".
When the show was retooled into "For Richer, For Poorer", several major changes had occurred. The show's setting was still Point Clair; Rhett's name was changed to Bill and he married Megan; Edith Cushing's husband Richard died, leaving her a widow; the Cushings and Saxtons, although they were now related due to Bill and Megan's marriage, were no longer neighbors; and Amy Gifford married Austin Cushing. Also in the story, in both versions of the show, was the Brewster family, mother Viola (Patricia Barry) and her daughter, Laurie (Julia MacKenzie). Despite his marriage to Megan, Bill's former fiancee, Connie Ferguson, announced that she was pregnant; the father was never revealed, but it was rumored to be Bill's.
Despite the story changes, the show didn't last and was cancelled in 1978.
Title Sequences.
When the series premiered as "Lovers and Friends", the opening titles showed two large houses on a suburban street side by side, supposedly to show the Cushing house and the Saxton house as neighbors to one another. The program's title was then shown in script over the picture of the two houses. 
When it was rebranded as "For Richer, For Poorer", the titles were changed. It showed a road with two different worlds, on the left was a suburban neighborhood and on the right was a Chicago neighborhood. Meeting in the middle were a young couple (supposedly Megan Cushing and Bill Saxton) kissing, showing that their worlds were united. The title zoomed out and above the title, a rainbow was shown.
Famous alumni.
Notable stars from the series who went on to greater fame in either daytime or primetime series, were Rod Arrants (who married his co-star, Patricia Estrin), Nancy Marchand, Patricia Barry, Christine Jones, Margaret Barker, Nancy Snyder, John Heffernan, and Patricia Englund.

</doc>
<doc id="18549038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549038" title="AVN Female Performer of the Year Award">
AVN Female Performer of the Year Award

The AVN (Adult Video News) Female Performer of the Year is presented every January in Las Vegas, Nevada at the AVN Awards ceremony. It represents the female porn star who has had the best body of work in the previous year. It has been given annually since 1993.
Tori Black holds the distinction of being the first 2-time winner, having won back-to-back years in 2010 & 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18549052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549052" title="Lircay">
Lircay

Lircay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18549083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549083" title="Jalan Lanchang">
Jalan Lanchang

Jalan Lanchang, Federal Route (Formerly Pahang State Route ) is a federal road in Pahang, Malaysia. It is also a main route to East Coast Expressway via Lanchang Interchange.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 236 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="18549084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549084" title="Gin Wigmore">
Gin Wigmore

Virginia Claire "Gin" Wigmore (born 6 June 1986) is a New Zealand singer-songwriter. She released her first album, "Holy Smoke", in 2009, and her second, "Gravel & Wine", in 2011. In 2009, she featured on the single "Brother".
Personal life.
Virginia Wigmore, more commonly known as Gin Wigmore, was born in Auckland, New Zealand to Peter and Adrienne Wigmore. Wigmore has two older siblings: brother Olly and sister Lucy Wigmore, a professional actress known for starring as Justine Jones in the long-running New Zealand soap opera "Shortland Street" and a role in "".
Career.
International Songwriting Competition.
Inspired by David Gray’s album "White Ladder", Wigmore wrote her first song, "Angelfire", at the age of 14. Two years later her father died of cancer and Wigmore stopped writing and playing music. She went to Argentina on an exchange program to teach at a kindergarten. On her return to New Zealand, she wrote "Hallelujah", a tribute to her father. Her sister entered the song in the US-based International Songwriting Competition in 2004, and Wigmore beat 11,000 songwriting aspirants from 77 countries to become the youngest and only unsigned Grand Prize winner in the history of the competition. She also won the Teen category with "Angelfire". "Hallelujah" was featured in the season 6 finale of "One Tree Hill". The song "Kill Of The Night" has been used in the American television series Pretty Little Liars in the season 4 premiere broadcast in June 2013 on ABC Family
Hallelujah was my way of telling my family I had dealt with dad's passing and honestly, I didn't want to share these feelings with anyone else. I wanted the moment for myself and my family.
— Gin Wigmore
"Extended Play".
"Extended Play" is Wigmore's first EP. It was produced by Tony Buchen (Blue King Brown, The Whitlams, Macromantics, Kid Confucius) and contains the tracks "Hallelujah", "These Roses", "SOS", "Under My Skin", and "Easy Come Easy Go". Australian musician John Butler played ukulele on Wigmore's song "SOS". Released in 2008, the EP peaked at number ten in the New Zealand charts. It was certified Platinum in New Zealand on 2 May 2010, selling over 15,000 copies.
"Extended Play" was released in Australia on 2 August 2008 by Island Records. Wigmore was the first artist signed with Island Records, a partner company with Universal Music Group, Australia. She toured with Australian artist Pete Murray on his national tour in August/September 2008. Wigmore toured in 2008, including at the Cross Town Revue in Auckland, and in December 2008, toured with musicians John Mellencamp and Sheryl Crow in New Zealand. Her hit single "Under My Skin" was featured on an Air New Zealand advertising campaign, "Nothing to Hide".
Wigmore featured in the 2009 song and video of "Brother" by new group Smashproof, also from Auckland.
"Holy Smoke".
In 2009, Wigmore released her debut full-length album "Holy Smoke", recorded with The Cardinals of Ryan Adams & the Cardinals fame. The first single from the album, "Oh My", debuted on the New Zealand Singles Chart at number twenty-one on 24 August 2009, moving to number seven the following week. It peaked at number four.
Three other singles were released during 2010, "I Do" charted at no. 14 on the Official New Zealand Singles Chart, while third single "Hey Ho" missed out on a top 20 position by charting just outside at no. 21. The fourth single taken from "Holy Smoke" was "Too Late For Lovers", and despite hitting no. 3 on the NZ40 Airplay chart, the single failed to crack the national Top 40. During the week of 30 May 2010, all four of Wigmore's singles from "Holy Smoke" appeared on the NZ40 Airplay Chart 'Too Late For Lovers' #7, 'Oh My' #23, 'Hey Ho' #24, 'I Do' #37
The single "Oh My" is the theme track for the series The Almighty Johnsons. Wigmore's single "Hey Ho" appeared during the closing scenes of the "Weeds" Season 6 Finale. In September 2011, Home Improvement Retailer Lowe's began a new brand campaign featuring Wigmore's single "Don't Stop". Her song "Stealing Happiness" appeared in the TV movie "Tangiwai".
"Gravel & Wine".
In September 2011, Wigmore revealed the title and release of her new album "Gravel & Wine" on her official Facebook page. The first single from this album is slated to be "Black Sheep", and was released 26 September 2011 and peaked so far at #13. The album was released on 7 November 2011. It debuted at #29 on the Australian Albums Chart. Wigmore released music videos for "Man Like That" and "If Only". Wigmore's single "Black Sheep" appeared in episode 12, season 8 of television series "Grey's Anatomy", in episode 2, season 2 of "Teen Wolf", and in episode 5, season 5 of "The Good Wife", and she appeared singing it on "Gift of Revenge", a segment of ABC's television show "Revenge (TV series)" season 2, episode 7. Also airing during season 2 of "Teen Wolf" was the song "Kill of the Night", which is more recently featured on the TV show "666 Park Avenue" as well as the theme song for the cable channel "AMC" 's annual airing of Halloween movies and shows titled "FearFest".
"Man Like That" is the song used in the James Bond Skyfall tie-in spot from Heineken, Wigmore herself is seen performing the song. The Advertisement also had a host of Bond Stars from various Bond movies. Kill of the Night also appears on the Alfa Romeo commercials in Australia.
"Gravel & Wine" was released in the U.S. on 2 April 2013, and she will be appearing on the entire 2013 Vans Warped Tour.
Discography.
Extended plays.
"—" denotes releases that did not chart or were not released in that territory.

</doc>
<doc id="18549089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549089" title="Alicio Solalinde">
Alicio Solalinde

Alicio Ignacio Solalinde Miers (born February 1, 1952) is a former football defender that now works as a coach.
Career.
Born in Villeta, Solalinde began playing football for local side Olimpia de Villeta. He also played for Club Libertad and Club River Plate, but enjoyed his greatest success with Club Olimpia where he became a key player by winning several national and international titles such as the Copa Libertadores and Intercontinental Cup in 1979. Solalinde also played for the Paraguay national football team from 1975 to 1981, where he obtained 32 caps and 4 goals. His most important achievement while playing for Paraguay is winning the 1979 Copa América.
After retiring from professional football, Solalinde became a coach and has managed a large number of Paraguayan teams such as Olimpia, Club 12 de Octubre, Club 2 de Mayo, Club Atletico 3 de Febrero and Sportivo Luqueño. He managed Paraguayan Primera División side Independiente F.B.C. in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18549091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549091" title="Sleeping dragon">
Sleeping dragon

A sleeping dragon is a maneuver used by protesters to cause disruption. It involves handcuffs and PVC pipe: a series of protesters are handcuffed together through the PVC pipe, which precludes police from simply using bolt cutters to break the handcuffs. Advanced variations include covering the PVC pipe with elements which might make it more difficult to break. Examples include chicken wire, tar, and duct tape. Another variation is filling the PVC pipe with concrete. Often the protesters will chain, lock, or otherwise secure themselves to immovable objects, resulting in a difficult-to-remove human obstacle.

</doc>
<doc id="18549093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549093" title="South Carolina Senate elections, 2008">
South Carolina Senate elections, 2008

The 2008 South Carolina Senate elections were held on Tuesday, November 4, 2008. The primary elections were held on June 10 and the runoff elections were held two weeks later on June 24. The current composition of the state delegation is 27 Republicans and 19 Democrats. Senators are elected for four-year terms, all in the same year.
District breakdown.
District 1 (map).
The district includes Oconee and parts of Pickens counties. Republican incumbent Thomas C. Alexander (campaign website) is the owner of Alexander's Office Supply. Polly Nicolay (campaign website) is the Constitution Party challenger.
District 2 (map).
The district includes parts of Pickens county. Republican incumbent Larry A. Martin (Senate Republicans website works in textiles for Alice Manufacturing Company. In the Republican primary, Martin won over C J Mac Martin Jr 80.15% to 19.85%.
District 3 (map).
The district includes parts of Anderson county. Freshman Republican incumbent Kevin L. Bryant (campaign blog) is a pharmacist. The Democratic nominee is Marshall Meadors (campaign website), a family practice physician. In the first major controversy, which gained national attention, Bryant posted a controversial cartoon about Barack Obama on his blog on July 18, 2008, and Meadors answered in a July 22nd press release. Bryant later removed the cartoon, but screenshots and commentary remain elsewhere.
District 4 (map).
The district includes parts of Abbeville, Anderson and Greenwood counties. Republican incumbent William H. O'Dell (Senate Republicans website) is CEO of O'Dell Corporation. Capt. Leonardo Ortiz (campaign website) is the Democratic nominee, winning against Roger Odachowski 60.59% to 39.41% in the primary.
District 5 (map).
The district includes parts of Greenville county. Republican incumbent Lewis R. Vaughn (Senate Republicans website is a retired businessman.
District 6 (map).
The district includes parts of Greenville county. Republican incumbent Michael L. Fair (Senate Republicans website) works in insurance. In the Republican primary, Fair won over Patrick B Haddon 61.88% to 38.12%.
District 7 (map).
The district includes parts of Greenville county. Democratic incumbent Ralph Anderson is a retired postmaster. In the Democratic primary, Anderson won over Lillian Brock Flemming, Andrew M Jones and Seldon Peden 51.19% to 35.21%, 4.18% and 9.42% respectively. He is being challenged by Republican Roan Garcia-Quintana and Constitution Party candidate John Langville (campaign website).
District 8 (map).
The district includes parts of Greenville county. Republican incumbent David L. Thomas (Senate Republicans website) is an attorney.
District 9 (map).
The district includes parts of Greenville and Laurens counties. Republican incumbent Daniel B. Verdin III (Senate Republicans website) is the owner of Verdin's Farm and Garden Center.
District 10 (map).
The district includes parts of Abbeville, Greenwood and Laurens counties. Democratic incumbent John W. Drummond is President of Drummond Oil Company, Inc. and President Pro Tempore Emeritus of the South Carolina Senate. In the Republican run-off, Dee Compton won over Chip Stockman, 68.89% to 31.11%.
District 11 (map).
The district includes parts of Spartanburg county. Democratic incumbent Glenn G. Reese is a businessman.
District 12 (map).
The district includes parts of Spartanburg county. Republican incumbent John D. Hawkins is an attorney. In the Republican run-off, Lee Bright won over Scott Talley 51.30% to 48.70%.
District 13 (map).
The district includes parts of Greenville, Spartanburg and Union counties. Republican incumbent James H. Ritchie, Jr. is an attorney. In the Republican run-off, Shane Martin won over Ritchie 66.15% to 33.85%.
District 14 (map).
The district includes parts of Cherokee, Spartanburg, Union and York counties. Republican incumbent Harvey S. Peeler, Jr. is a dairyman/businessman.
District 15 (map).
The district includes parts of York county. Republican incumbent Robert W. Hayes, Jr. is an attorney.
District 16 (map).
The district includes parts of Lancaster and York counties. Republican incumbent Chauncey K. Gregory is President of Builders Supply Company.
District 17 (map).
The district includes parts of Chester, Fairfield, Union and York counties. Retiring Democratic incumbent Linda H. Short (Mrs. Paul) is a homemaker. In the Democratic run-off, Creighton B Coleman won over Leah Bess Moody 52.40% to 47.60%. In the primary, the results were Coleman (47.58%), Moody (37.09%) and Michael Squirewell (15.33%).
District 18 (map).
The district includes Newberry and parts of Saluda and Lexington counties. Republican incumbent Ronnie W. Cromer is a pharmacist. The Democratic nominee is Michael Ray Ellisor, winning over Pete Oliver 52.30% to 47.70% in the primary.
District 19 (map).
The district includes parts of Richland county. Democratic incumbent Kay Patterson is a retired educator. In the Democratic primary recount, John L Scott Jr. won over Vince Ford 50.47% to 49.53%.
District 20 (map).
The district includes parts of Lexington and Richland counties. Republican incumbent John E. Courson is Senior V.P., Keenan & Suggs.
District 21 (map).
The district includes parts of Richland county. Republican incumbent Darrell Jackson is a businessman and minister; Pres., Sunrise Enterprise of Columbia
District 22 (map).
The district includes parts of Kershaw and Richland counties. Democratic incumbent Joel Lourie is a businessman
District 23 (map).
The district includes parts of Lexington county. Republican incumbent John M. Knotts, Jr. is retired from law enforcement. In the Republican run-off, Knotts won over Katrina Shealy 57.52% to 42.48%.
District 24 (map).
The district includes parts of Aiken county. Republican incumbent W. Greg Ryberg is CEO of REI, Inc.
District 25 (map).
The district includes parts of Aiken, Edgefield, McCormick and Saluda counties. Freshman Republican incumbent A. Shane Massey is an attorney.
District 26 (map).
The district includes parts of Aiken, Lexington and Saluda counties. Democratic incumbent Nikki G. Setzler is an attorney.
District 27 (map).
The district includes parts of Chesterfield, Kershaw and Lancaster counties. Democratic incumbent Vincent A. Sheheen is an attorney.
District 28 (map).
The district includes parts of Dillon, Horry, Marion and Marlboro counties. Democratic incumbent Dick Elliott is a real estate developer, retail.
District 29 (map).
The district includes parts of Chesterfield, Darlington, Lee and Marlboro counties. Democratic incumbent Gerald Malloy is an attorney.
District 30 (map).
The district includes parts of Dillon, Florence, Marion and Marlboro counties. Freshman Democratic incumbent Kent M. Williams is a Deputy County Administrator.
District 31 (map).
The district includes parts of Darlington and Florence counties. Republican incumbent Hugh K. Leatherman, Sr. is a businessman.
District 32 (map).
The district includes parts of Florence, Georgetown, Horry and Williamsburg counties. Democratic incumbent J. Yancey McGill is a real estate broker and residential homebuilder.
District 33 (map).
The district includes parts of Horry county. Republican incumbent Luke A. Rankin is an attorney.
District 34 (map).
The district includes parts of Charleston, Georgetown and Horry counties. Freshman Republican incumbent Raymond E. Cleary III is a dentist.
District 35 (map).
The district includes parts of Lee and Sumter counties. Democratic incumbent Phil P. Leventis is an aviation and management services consultant.
District 36 (map).
The district includes parts of Calhoun, Clarendon, Florence and Sumter counties. Democratic incumbent John C. Land III is an attorney.
District 37 (map).
The district includes parts of Berkeley, Charleston, Colleton and Dorchester counties. Republican incumbent Lawrence K. Grooms is President and CEO of GTI.
District 38 (map).
The district includes parts of Charleston and Dorchester counties. Freshman Republican incumbent Randy Scott is a small businessman. Bill Collins (campaign website) qualified as a petition candidate and will have his name on the ballot in the general election.
District 39 (map).
The district includes parts of Bamberg, Colleton, Dorchester, Hampton and Orangeburg counties. Democratic incumbent John W. Matthews, Jr. is a businessman and retired elementary school principal.
District 40 (map).
The district includes parts of Allendale, Bamberg, Barnwell and Orangeburg counties. Democratic incumbent C. Bradley Hutto is a trial lawyer.
District 41 (map).
The district includes parts of Charleston county. Republican incumbent Glenn F. McConnell is an attorney/businessman, and President Pro Tempore.
District 42 (map).
The district includes parts of Charleston county. Democratic incumbent Robert Ford is a developer.
District 43 (map).
The district includes parts of Berkeley and Charleston counties. Republican incumbent George E. Campsen III is a businessman/attorney.
Dist. No. 43 - Berkeley & Charleston Cos.
District 44 (map).
The district includes parts of Berkeley county. Freshman Republican incumbent Paul G. Campbell, Jr. is a retired Regional President for Alcoa, now a consultant.
District 45 (map).
The district includes parts of Beaufort, Charleston, Colleton, Hampton and Jasper counties. Democratic incumbent Clementa C. Pinckney is a pastor and student.
District 46 (map).
The district includes parts of Beaufort county. Republican incumbent Catherine C. Ceips is a full-time legislator.

</doc>
<doc id="18549119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549119" title="List of TVB series (1994)">
List of TVB series (1994)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 1994.
First line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 7:30 to 8:30 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Second line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 9:00 to 10:00 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Third line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 10:00 to 11:30 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18549121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549121" title="Jackson T. Stephens">
Jackson T. Stephens

Jackson Thomas Stephens (August 9, 1923 – July 23, 2005) was the founder of Little Rock, Arkansas-based Stephens Group, a diversified family of investment and media companies.
Background.
Stephens was born on a farm near Prattsville, Arkansas, the youngest of 6 children. and grew up during the Depression. Stephens attended the United States Naval Academy, where he met and became friends with a midshipman from Georgia named Jimmy Carter. Upon graduating he joined the Little Rock investment house Stephens Inc., which his brother W. R. "Witt" Stephens had started in 1933. Forged out of a bible, belt buckle, and bond business, by 1994 Stephens Inc. was listed as one of the biggest institutional shareholders in 30 large multinationals including the Arkansas based firms Tyson Foods, Wal-Mart and Alltel.
Politics.
Stephens and his wife Mary Anne were such outspoken backers of Republican causes, and in particular of President Ronald Reagan that the early 1980s they were known as "Mr. and Mrs. Republican of Arkansas." In a rare interview in the early 80's, Jackson declared that Reagan was giving the country "exactly what we need. Some of us call it tough love." Stephens and his company donated $100,000 to the national Republican Party both in 1988 and 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18549138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549138" title="Karavansaray">
Karavansaray

Karavansaray or Karavansarai may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18549165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549165" title="India Eisley">
India Eisley

India Joy Eisley (born October 29, 1993) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Ashley Juergens in the ABC Family drama series "The Secret Life of the American Teenager". She is also known for the role of Eve (daughter of Selene and Michael Corvin) in "".
Early life.
Eisley was born on October 29, 1993, in Los Angeles, California, to musician David Glen Eisley and actress Olivia Hussey. She has two older half-brothers, Alexander Martin (mother's first marriage to Dean Paul Martin), and Max Fuse (mother's second marriage to Akira Fuse). She is also the niece of actor Jonathan Erickson Eisley.
Career.
Eisley and her mother appeared together in the 2005 movie "Headspace". After small roles in various independent films, Eisley gained a major role in 2008 with "The Secret Life of the American Teenager" for the ABC Family Network. She played Ashley Juergens, younger sister of teen mother Amy Juergens. 

</doc>
<doc id="18549179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549179" title="Yiannis Andrianopoulos">
Yiannis Andrianopoulos

Yiannis Andrianopoulos (1900 – 6 November 1952) was a Greek Football Legend and one of the founding members of Greece's most successful football club, Olympiacos CFP.
Club career.
Born in Piraeus, Greece, Yiannis began his career at the age of 18, playing for home town club Peiraikos Syndesmos FC. Here Yiannis earned his first taste of success, winning an unofficial Greek Championship in 1923. Peiraikos Syndesmos FC merged with Peiraiki Enosis FC in January 1924 and the Athletic and Football Club of Piraeus was formed.Yiannis was part of the new team and helped them win the 1924 Athens-Piraeus championship.
Olympiacos FC.
The same year around autumn, the new club split in two different squads: One team, led by the Andrianopoulos brothers and goalkeeper Kostas Klidouchakis, formed Olympiakos Omilos, which evolved into Olympiakos FC; the other, led by Kostas Ferlemis, Christos Peppas and Giorgos Hadjiandreou merged, with an independent club named "Young Boys" to form Peiraikos Omilos, which in turn evolved into Ethnikos Peiraios FC.
Following a series of mergers between other Piraeus and Athens based clubs, as well as an Athens football Championship, Yiannis and his brothers went on to create Olympiacos FC in March 1925.Yiannis, Giorgios, Dinos and Vasilis, Leonidas went on to make the newly formed Piraeus Club famous throughout Greece. He had also two other brothers Aristides and Stelios Andrianopoulos were they playing in other Peiraias football clubs.
Yiannis was the oldest of seven brothers who like him, would go on to become famous footballers in the Olympiacos' ranks.As a result, Yiannis and his brothers earned Olympiacos the name "Thrylos" meaning "Legend" in Greek, a nickname which the club carries to this day. Yiannis was certainly the brother who made the biggest impact towards the club, even becoming a player-coach; Olympiacos' first coach, from 1925 until 1927. In 1929, Yiannis retired from football, and became Olympiacos' president for 3 years.
International.
Yiannis played for the national side for the 1920 Olympic Games His brother Giorgos was a member of the team too.
His brothers at Olympiakos also played for Greece in 1929 and 1930.

</doc>
<doc id="18549184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549184" title="LEEP Online Education">
LEEP Online Education

LEEP Online Education is a distance learning program offered by the UIUC Graduate School of Library and Information Science (GSLIS) at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
The LEEP program provides students who are not able to relocate to the Urbana-Champaign area a means to attend University's highly regarded ALA-accredited Master of Library and Information Science program, which is world-renowned and is currently tied for first place among library and information science programs in the United States.
History.
The acronym LEEP originally stood for Library Education Experimental Program. Founded in 1995, the program has since firmly established itself and is no longer considered experimental.
Coursework.
LEEP differentiates itself from other distance learning library and information science (LIS) programs through the integration of a brief periods of on-campus participation, Internet instruction, and independent learning. Off-campus students attend classes via the school's Moodle Virtual Learning Environment (VIS).

</doc>
<doc id="18549197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549197" title="Sonnenfeld">
Sonnenfeld

Sonnenfeld as a surname may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18549243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549243" title="Akkra">
Akkra

AKKRA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18549245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549245" title="Fifty Dead Men Walking">
Fifty Dead Men Walking

Fifty Dead Men Walking is a 2008 English-language crime thriller film written and directed by Kari Skogland. It is a loose adaptation of Martin McGartland's 1997 autobiography of the same name. It premiered in September 2008, and stars Jim Sturgess as Martin McGartland, an agent within the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA), and Ben Kingsley as Fergus, his British handler.
The film is set from 1988 until 1991, the time in which McGartland acted as an undercover agent within the IRA during The Troubles. In 1991, his cover was blown and he was kidnapped by the IRA, although he later escaped from an interrogation and execution, and went into hiding. 
At the time of the release of the film, McGartland was still in hiding. The film takes its name from McGartland's statement within his book to have saved the lives of fifty people during his time as an agent.
McGartland disowned the film as was reported in the "Sunday Times" on March 29, 2009. He told the "Sunday Times" that "they are saying it was based on a true story, but what is the definition of 'based on a true story'? Is it 50% true, 70% true, 10%?" The "Sunday Times" further reported that McGartland contended "that the movie is fundamentally a lie that misrepresents his career and his motivation. He believes that if Kari Skogland, the director, had stuck closer to the account he gave in his book and in a BBC documentary, then she would have had a better film."
Plot.
Martin McGartland (Jim Sturgess) is a 21-year-old street hustler from Northern Ireland, living in the late 1980s. The Irish Republican Army wants to recruit him, but he is reluctant because of what he sees as their cruel justice. Because of his connection to the community, the British police want him to infiltrate and spy on the IRA. Marty agrees because of the car and money he gets from the police and because he despises the IRA. The IRA accepts him as a Volunteer and in that position he learns of various planned attacks. He then informs Fergus, his police contact, to prevent these attacks. He builds up a new sense of self-esteem, but he cannot tell his family and friends about his activities. Even his new girlfriend Lara (Natalie Press) only notices that he seems to do some work for the IRA, which worries her.
All along, the British accept the risk that the IRA may discover that Marty works for them. They do not plan to rescue him in that case. When it happens, the IRA capture and torture Marty, but he manages to escape by throwing himself out of a window. His handler Fergus is now his only ally—he finds him and helps him hide. Fergus offers to arrange for Marty and Lara and their children to live in Scotland but Marty realises that she would never be able to feel safe. He then goes on the run to Canada alone, leaving his family behind. As shown at the start of the film, he is shot there by the IRA and survives.
Production.
"Man on the Run" was a working title for the film. Casting was completed in November 2007. Filming began on location in the Co. Down villages of Killough and Ardglass in late October 2007 and went on until December 2007.
Release.
The film premiered on 4 September 2008 at the Toronto International Film Festival in Canada. The UK premiere was held on 4 April 2009 in Belfast, where the film was shot. Sturgess was unable to attend, as was Kingsley, who recorded a video message for the audience. Phoenix23, the Belfast band who recorded three tracks for the soundtrack; "Hit the Ground Running", "Its a Blast" and "Hurricane" were in attendance. The film went on general release in the UK on 10 April 2009.
Critical reception.
Roger Ebert gave "Fifty Dead Men Walking" three out of four stars. "Empire Magazine" awarded the film three out of five stars and praised Sturgess' performance, although they noted that "some stylistic slip-ups let him down a little." "The Guardian" awarded the film three out of five stars and said "producer-director Kari Skogland has put together an effective, if cinematically unambitious, enterprise."
Recognition.
On the basis of Canadian involvement in its financing, "Fifty Dead Men Walking" was nominated for Best Canadian Film at the 30th Genie Awards in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18549270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549270" title="Royal Palm (turkey)">
Royal Palm (turkey)

The Royal Palm is a breed of domestic turkey. One of the few turkeys not primarily selected for meat production, the Royal Palm is best known as an ornamental bird with a unique appearance, largely white with bands of metallic black. Primarily kept as an exhibition bird, or on small farms, it lacks the size for large scale commercial use. Toms usually weigh 16 to 22 lbs and the hens 10 to 12 lbs.
A relative newcomer among turkey breeds, the bird first appeared in the 1920s on a farm in Lake Worth, Florida, apparently as a cross between Black, Bronze, Narragansett, and native turkeys.Years of selective breeding followed to stabilize the coloring, and the Royal Palm was finally accepted by the American Poultry Association's Standard of Perfection in 1971. In Europe, a turkey with similar coloration is sometimes called the Cröllwitzer, Pied, or Black-laced White.[http://www.albc-usa.org/cpl/royalpalm.html
Along with the decline of most heritage turkey breeds after the adoption of the Broad Breasted White by the turkey industry, Royal Palms are a very endangered breed today. The breed is classified as being on "watch" status with the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy. It is also included in Slow Food USA's Ark of Taste, a catalog of heritage foods in danger of extinction.
The toms are noted for being non-aggressive, and the hens are particularly good mothers.

</doc>
<doc id="18549272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549272" title="List of shipwrecks in 1892">
List of shipwrecks in 1892

The list of shipwrecks in 1892 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="18549292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549292" title="Raintree County (film)">
Raintree County (film)

Raintree County is a 1957 Technicolor film drama about the American Civil War. It was directed by Edward Dmytryk. The film stars Montgomery Clift, Elizabeth Taylor, Eva Marie Saint, and Lee Marvin.
It was adapted from the novel of the same name by Ross Lockridge, Jr. 
Production.
"Raintree County" was shot at various locations, including Dunleith; an antebellum mansion, Windsor Ruins, in Lorman, Mississippi; Reelfoot Lake in northwest Tennessee near the Kentucky border; and two locations in Kentucky, the Liberty Hall Historic Site on Wilkinson Street in Frankfort and settings in and near Danville. 
The movie was a "passion project" for Dore Schary, then head of production at MGM. Rod Taylor actively campaigned for his role in the film.
During filming, Montgomery Clift was injured and nearly killed in a serious automobile accident. After several weeks of recovery and surgery, he returned to finish the film. Damage to his face was apparent in several scenes filmed after the accident; the left side of his face was partially paralyzed.
At the time, the film was the most expensive US-based film in MGM's history. Though a success at the box office, it did not recoup its cost. In the credits for the film, the author's name is misspelled as Ross Rockridge Jr.
Plot.
In 1859, idealist John Wickliff Shawnessey (Montgomery Clift), a resident of Raintree County, Indiana, is distracted from his high school sweetheart Nell Gaither (Eva Marie Saint) by Susanna Drake (Elizabeth Taylor), a young rich New Orleans girl. He has a brief and passionate affair with Susanna while she is visiting. Following her return to the South, she comes back to Indiana to tell Shawnessey she is pregnant with his child. John marries her out of honor and duty, leaving Nell heartbroken. 
The couple initially live in the South with Susanna's family. An abolitionist, Shawnessey cannot fit in. He learns that Susanna's mother went insane and died in a suspicious fire, along with Susanna's father and a female slave implied as being the father's concubine. Susanna suspects that the slave may have been her biological mother. Gradually Susanna appears to be suffering from mental illness. She tells John that she faked pregnancy to trick him into marriage. 
The Shawnesseys return to Freehaven in Raintree County, before the outbreak of the American Civil War. John works as a teacher and they have a child, Jimmy, born at the outbreak of the war. In the war's third year, Susanna develops severe paranoia and delusions. She flees Indiana with their son Jimmy and seeks refuge among her extended family in Georgia. 
Shawnessey is determined to find her and recover his son. He enlists in the Union Army in hopes of encountering his wife and child. After fighting in terrible battles, he finds Jimmy at an old plantation and also learns that Susanna has been placed in an insane asylum. He is wounded while carrying Jimmy back to Northern lines, and is discharged from the Union Army. Johnny searches for Susanna, finding her kept in terrible conditions at an asylum. He brings her back with him to Raintree County. 
After the end of the war and President Abraham Lincoln's assassination, Shawnessey considers his future. Nell urges him to run for political office. Recognizing that Nell and John still love each other, Susanna decides to sacrifice herself. She enters the nearby swamp in the middle of the night to find the legendary rain tree. Four-year-old Jimmy follows her. The search party eventually finds her body. John and Nell find Jimmy lying asleep and carry him out of the swamp, failing to see the tall rain tree glowing in the sunlight.
Reception.
According to MGM records, the film earned $5,830,000 in North America and $3,250,000 internationally. But because of its high cost, the movie recorded a loss of $484,000.
Awards and nominations.
Elizabeth Taylor was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress. The film was nominated for Best Art Direction-Set Decoration (William A. Horning, Urie McCleary, Edwin B. Willis, Hugh Hunt), Best Costume Design and Best Music, Scoring. The film was shot in a 65-millimeter widescreen process called MGM Camera 65. This was used for MGM's 1959 version of "Ben Hur".

</doc>
<doc id="18549302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549302" title="Iran Air Flight 291">
Iran Air Flight 291

On January 21, 1980, an Iran Air Boeing 727-86 was making a domestic flight from Mashad Airport to Tehran-Mehrabad Airport in Iran. At 1911h local time, the aircraft, registered as EP-IRD, collided with the Alborz Mountains, north of Tehran, during its approach to Tehran-Mehrabad runway 29 in foggy and snowy weather conditions. All 8 crew members and 120 passengers died in the incident, and the plane was destroyed. At the time, Iran Air Flight 291 was the deadliest aircraft disaster in Iranian history.
Investigators concluded that the probable cause of the crash was believed to be an inoperable instrument landing system and ground radar. The head of Iran's Civil Aviation Authority and five other officials were charged with manslaughter as a result of the crash of Flight 291.

</doc>
<doc id="18549330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549330" title="Alaska Dream">
Alaska Dream

The Alaska Dream was a basketball team in the American Basketball Association. They began playing in 2008-09. Based in Anchorage, they are Alaska's first professional basketball franchise since the CBA's Anchorage Northern Knights, who were coached by Ron Moore, folded in 1982. The Dream's head coach was Al Sokaitis, who previously coached the Alaska Nanooks NCAA Division II men's basketball team.
On November 21, 2008 the Alaska Dream took to the court for the first time at the preseason 1st Annual Dare to Dream Tournament at the Carlson Center in Fairbanks. The Dream went 3-0 and won their first tournament and games in the teams history. In addition, the ABA released the power rankings which ranked the Alaska Dream at the number 2 spot.
On December 30, 2008, the Alaska Dream canceled their participation in the 2008-09 season. They were reportedly going to play in the 2009-10 ABA season, but failed to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="18549331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549331" title="Technical assistance center">
Technical assistance center

A Technical Assistance Center, or TAC, is a department within a company that's primary purpose is networking, or an ISP. The TAC also works closely with a company's Network Operations Center, or NOC. A TAC can only monitor items with a return signal, such as a modem or a MTA. Forward-only systems, such as cable boxes, are currently not monitored.

</doc>
<doc id="18549337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549337" title="List of shipwrecks in 1860">
List of shipwrecks in 1860

The list of shipwrecks in 1860 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="18549339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549339" title="Bruce Bransby">
Bruce Bransby

Bruce Bransby is an American double-bassist and university professor.
Performance career.
Bruce Bransby began his musical career as a trombonist and pianist, but discovered his calling as a double bassist while in college at California State University Northridge. He studied with Nat Gangursky, Peter Mercurio, and Stuart Sankey. In 1971 he became principal bass of the Kansas City Philharmonic (now the Kansas City Symphony) under the direction of Jorge Mester. 
In 1978 he was appointed principal bass of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, sharing the position equally with Dennis Trembly. His time in Los Angeles coincided with the eras of Zubin Mehta, Carlo Maria Giulini, and André Previn. Mr. Bransby has been active as a chamber musician, soloist, and clinician. He premiered the "Fantasia Hungarica" for double bass and orchestra by Eugene Zador, the bass concerto by Frantizek Hertl, and numerous ensemble pieces. He is also the composer (as Roland E. Curb) of Prelude, Valse, and Tango for double bass and piano.
Teaching career.
In 1986, Bruce Bransby was appointed Professor of Double Bass at Indiana University Jacobs School of Music, Bloomington. He has also taught at California State University Northridge, the University of Missouri at Kansas City, the California Music Center, and the Los Angeles Philharmonic Institute, and has been a performing member of the faculty of the Aspen Music Festival since 1987. His students hold positions in many symphony orchestras.

</doc>
<doc id="18549340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549340" title="Shepaug Valley High School">
Shepaug Valley High School

Shepaug Valley High School is a four-year public, coeducational high school in rural Washington, Connecticut, although it draws residents from nearby Roxbury, Bridgewater, and Sherman as well. It neighbors prep school The Gunnery, and is the only public high school in Region 12. It was chosen as Connecticut's only blue-ribbon school in 1998, and one of only two in New England.
Ground plan.
Shepaug is a one-floor building housed on an campus. Since the space is shared with students of Shepaug Valley Middle School, who have their own wing in the building, high school students take academic courses in their own section of the building, a long hallway off of which classrooms branch.
The rest of the building is shared between middle and high school students. It consists of a cafeteria, a large, central cavity known as "the mall", a library resource center with more than 10,000 print volumes, gymnasium, planetarium, swimming pool, band and choir practice rooms, fine arts, auto, and woodworking shops, and a professionally equipped theatre.
Outdoors on campus, there is a peace pole and reflection area, a swing-set, a pond, and a memorial to former student Tam Farrow. Shepaug also hosts soccer and field hockey fields, a competitive cross country trail, and a track that was recently under renovation.
Features.
Because of its small size, Shepaug is able to provide a number of unique events and services for its students. The most defining of these features is the Senior Project, a year-long course taken during the senior year which results in the student's presentation of a project, performance, or event. Past senior projects have ranged from humanitarian work for The Progeria Research Foundation to artistic endeavours such as and even athletic events. 
Other unique features of Shepaug include its drop scheduling, Holiday Bazaar, Swanson/Horrigan Memorial Slowpitch Softball game, Sophomore Talent show, and Junior fashion show "Mr. Shepaug".

</doc>
<doc id="18549367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549367" title="Mamaloi">
Mamaloi

Mamaloi was a song on the Doobie Brothers' second album, Toulouse Street. It was written by guitarist and vocalist Patrick Simmons and featured Tom Johnston on lead vocals. It was a unique tune on the record, with 'Toulouse Street' being a rock record and this song being reggae.

</doc>
<doc id="18549384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549384" title="Dorm Life">
Dorm Life

Dorm Life is a mockumentary web series created by former students of UCLA. It follows the fictional lives of the inhabitants of the college dorm floor 5 South. It is produced by Attention Span Media, a Los Angeles based social media studio and is a 2008 Webby Honoree for Best Writing and Comedy: Individual Short or Episode. Dorm Life is also Hulu's most watched web show.
After a successful first season, Dorm Life returned for a second season with sponsor "Carl's Jr.".
Overview.
The fictional show is made in the form of a documentary that purports to record the lives of actual college freshmen. It takes place almost entirely within their dorm floor, 5 South. Each character has a webcam for the purpose of individual reflection or addresses to the audience. There are also separate webcam clips aside from those of the main episodes, as well as profiles maintained by each character on the website's "community lounge," with interactions between them and with fans on the website's forum.

</doc>
<doc id="18549391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549391" title="List of shipwrecks in 1929">
List of shipwrecks in 1929

The list of shipwrecks in 1929 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1929.
September.
12 September.
"For the loss of the British collier "King Cadwallon" on this day, see the entry for 10 July 1929."
14 September.
"For the loss of the American cargo ship "Golden Forest" on this day, see the entry for 26 July 1929."

</doc>
<doc id="18549413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549413" title="Kawasaki 1400GTR">
Kawasaki 1400GTR

The Kawasaki 1400GTR, also known as the Concours 14 or ZG1400 in some markets, is a motorcycle produced by Kawasaki. The 1400GTR was introduced in September 2007 and is based on the ZX-14 platform. 
It replaces the original GTR1000 (Concours), which was built from 1986 to 2006.
Technology.
The engine is a transverse-mounted 16-valve inline-four with a displacement of . It features variable valve timing, derived from a Mitsubishi Motors car engine, which allows the phasing of the intake camshaft to be advanced by up to 24°. At the time of its launch in 2007, it was the only motorcycle engine to feature variable valve timing.
The fuel injected engine on the 2008 and 2009 models has a power output of at 8,800 rpm and produces torque of at 6,200 rpm. The ram-air intake increases power to .
The bike's rear suspension-drive system is known as Tetra-Lever and is similar to the BMW Paralever and Moto Guzzi CARC systems. It is designed to handle the conflicting drive and suspension forces (known as shaft effect) typical when shaft-driven motorcycles carry powerful engines.
The 1400GTR is fitted with a keyless ignition, "KIPASS" (Kawasaki’s Intelligent Proximity Activation Start System), which means that no key is needed to start the bike as long as the rider is carrying the coded transponder—typically in a pocket.
From launch the 1400GTR had the option of an anti-lock braking system (ABS). In 2010, Kawasaki added "KTRC", a traction control system, and replaced the previous ABS systems with "K-ACT" (Kawasaki Advanced Coactive-braking Technology), an improved system with power-assisted brake force redistribution. 
"K-ACT" is also a combined braking system in which both the front and rear brakes are applied in differing amounts depending on whether the front brake lever or rear brake pedal is used. The rider is able to select, using a handlebar switch, the amount of front brake force applied when the rear brake pedal is used.
The traction control uses the ABS sensors to detect when the front and rear wheel speeds differ—reducing rear wheel speed by telling the engine management system to reduce power output.
Model history.
2008.
The bike was launched in 2007.
2009.
For the 2009 model year the only changes were colours. 
2010.
For 2010, Kawasaki added the "KTRC" traction control and "K-ACT" ABS and brake assist, as well as linked brakes 
which are optional in some markets and standard in others. 
The 2010 model also features revised bodywork to improve engine cooling, mirrors raised by , a larger wind screen and with memory function, a handlebar-mounted switch to control the dash computer, variable heated grips, and an eco-mode switch that tells the ECU to use a leaner, more economical air-fuel ratio at engine speeds less than 6,000 rpm and road speed less than . The tank-mounted storage area was removed and replaced with an auto-locking glove box in the left fairing, the exhaust silencer cap was changed, the instrument cluster illumination was changed from red to white, included key sets were changed from two active fobs/keys to one active fob/key and one passive mini fob/key, the front fork fluid levels were increased by 25ml, and the oil pan was modified so that the drain plug faces forward instead of downward. The ECU was programmed to limit top speed to 154 mph. The rear pannier covers were fully painted (instead of leaving a black area at the bottom).
2011.
No significant changes were made between the 2010 and 2011 models, although ABS ceased to be an option and became standard on all bikes. 
2012.
On the 2012 model, the silver wheels and grab bars were replaced with black ones.
2013.
Unchanged other than a new body color option of Pearl Gray for Canada and Nocturne Blue the USA.
2014.
Unchanged. Body color options of Metallic Spark Black and Candy Cardinal Red in both the USA and Canada (Metallic Graphic Grey instead of Red for Europe).
Awards.
In 2008 and 2009, the Concours 14 was named best touring bike in "Motorcyclist" magazine Motorcycle of the Year awards. 
It was also named best sport-touring bike by "Cycle World" magazine for 2008 and 2009.
It also won the 2011 Sport Tourer Shootout on "Motorcyclist" versus the Honda VFR1200F, BMW K1300S and Triumph Sprint GT.
Issues.
In the United Kingdom the Vehicle and Operator Services Agency (VOSA) has issued two separate vehicle recalls for the 1400GTR. The first concerned the pannier latch pivot pin, which could result in panniers becoming detached from the bike. 
The second concerned the rear brake pedal which was susceptible to becoming jammed by small stones thrown up from the road.
The same issues also resulted in recalls by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) in the USA,
in addition to a third recall concerning the rear luggage carrier.
Road tests of the 2008 and 2009 models had criticised the bike's engine heat dissipation, which resulted in hot air being directed onto the rider's legs. This issue was addressed with the 2010 model, which featured a revised fairing with improved airflow management.
Authorities.
In some countries the 1400GTR is used by the police and ambulance services, although this is not factory-built by Kawasaki as an authorities machine, rather it is a local conversion.

</doc>
<doc id="18549425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549425" title="Canyon Diablo (canyon)">
Canyon Diablo (canyon)

Canyon Diablo (Navajo: Kin Łigaaí) is a canyon north of Two Guns in Northern Arizona. It is located in the Navajo Indian Reservation.
The canyon passes west of Meteor Crater. The community of Canyon Diablo, Arizona on the edge of the canyon about northwest of the crater was the closest community to the crater when scientists began investigating the crater. Consequently the meteorite that caused the crater is officially called the Canyon Diablo meteorite.
The 1930 Canyon Diablo highway bridge, once used by U.S. Route 66 to cross the canyon south of the present I-40 bridges, is on the National Register of Historic Places.
The BNSF Canyon Diablo railroad bridge is a well-known railfan site.

</doc>
<doc id="18549426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549426" title="Canyon Diablo">
Canyon Diablo

Canyon Diablo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18549434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549434" title="Currency Press">
Currency Press

Currency Press is Australia's only specialist performing arts publisher and its oldest independent publisher still active. Their list includes plays and screenplays, professional handbooks, biographies, cultural histories, critical studies and reference works.
Currency Press was founded by Katharine Brisbane, then national theatre critic for "The Australian" newspaper, and her husband Philip Parsons, a lecturer in Drama at the University of New South Wales. After Philip’s death in 1993, Katharine remained at the helm of the company until she retired as Publisher in December 2001 in order to devote her energies to Currency House, a non-profit association dedicated to the Australian performing arts.
In 2011, Currency Press received the Dorothy Crawford Award for Outstanding Contribution to the Profession at the AWGIE Awards.
History.
Socio-political context.
Currency Press was incorporated in 1971 at a time of high nationalistic fervour. Just as the student revolution of the 1960s led to major social changes in Europe and North America, so it was in Australia. Here the conflict centred first on the Vietnam War, in which Australia participated as an ally of the United States. Until this time Australia had been used to thinking of herself as a junior partner, first of Britain who had colonised her, and later of the USA. In the 1950s the Suez crisis and its economic aftermath had broken the bonds of dependence on Britain. In the 1960s it was opposition to the war in Vietnam that led young white Australians to discard American imperialism and young black Australians to launch a civil rights movement.
In that new spirit Australia began to examine afresh its origins, its character, its language and accent and way of life. And from this derived an appetite for all things Australian—especially books which reinterpreted the past with a local perspective and gave voice to the rapidly-changing present. The young playwrights then emerging became leaders in this movement. Their work, like the student revolution itself, was iconoclastic, bombastic and attention-seeking.
Along with the Vietnam moratorium marches in the late 1960s came radical changes of another kind, with young artists at the fore. These included a freeing-up of outdated censorship laws; the establishment of the Federal funding body, the Australian (now Australia) Council for the Arts; the rebirth of the film industry; anti-uranium mining, land rights for Aboriginal people and environmental movements; and the setting up of major regionally funded theatre companies. By 1971, the Australian playwright had a voice, a stage and a public for the first time since the days of the old purveyors of melodrama at the turn of the twentieth century.
Becoming an established publisher.
The first play Currency Press published in 1971 was "Macquarie" by Alex Buzo. One of the first writers to call on them was David Williamson with three manuscripts: "The Coming of Stork", "The Removalists" and "Don’s Party". "The Removalists", after opening at La Mama, was taken up in Sydney by the Nimrod Street Theatre - a theatre for new writers - and then transferred to a commercial house. This was the first play by the new generation to be bought by a commercial producer. In 1973 it went on to the Royal Court Theatre, in London, where it won for Williamson the Evening Standard Award for the most promising playwright of the year.
Currency Press published "The Removalists" in 1972. It was an immediate success, and for many years its best seller. Over 40 years later it still sells consistently well. It is a work which balances horror and humour, and is full of sharp observations about authority, domestic confrontations and the somewhat ox-headed reputation of the Australian police. A timely play which shocked audiences into recognising—even celebrating—some of the uglier aspects of urban Australia, until then unfamiliar to the stage.
"Don’s Party", which captured Australia’s changing politics, followed "The Removalists" into the commercial theatre in 1973. Since then Williamson has had a long-standing record of popularity on stage and on film. His other plays include "The Club", "Travelling North", "Emerald City", "Money and Friends", "Brilliant Lies", "Dead White Males" and "Face to Face" to name a handful.
This background is important to the understanding of why Currency Press, a company begun with little capital and no publishing experience in the back room of a Sydney terrace, has become a major force in the performing arts in Australia. The task was not easy. For its first seven years the company was subsidised by the founders with salaries from other sources.
Early assistance came from Associated Book Publishers (then owners of the Methuen imprint) with whom Currency had a three-year partnership, spent creating a list of Australian titles which could be the basis of a study of Australian drama. Gradually, the plays began to creep into literature and other courses. By 1978 a market survey revealed that there was no tertiary institution in Australia which did not have one of Currency’s books on a course somewhere.
Currency and Methuen parted in 1976 after a restructuring of the larger firm, and the Parsons, together with their long-standing associate Jean Cooney, began again to build the company. Cambridge University Press in Australia became Currency’s distributor in 1977 and remained so until 2001, when a transfer was made to NewSouth Books (formerly UNIREPS) an arm of UNSW Press. Today there are over 400 plays in print together with reference texts, cultural histories, biographies, audition manuals, film scripts and sheet music. Currency exports books abroad for courses in the USA, the UK and Europe. The sale of publishing and translation rights are increasing. There is particular interest abroad in the work of Aboriginal authors like Jack Davis (1917–2000) whose work has gained a high profile, aided by the rise of a generation of fine indigenous actors. Currency has also taken on the distribution of two like-minded UK publishers, Nick Hern Books and Oberon Books.
The pace at which this has happened is probably what distinguishes Currency from drama publishers in other countries whose basic income is derived from a much longer history of world drama. Currency Press, in contrast, relies heavily on a rapidly expanding list of contemporary Australian writers, although it does publish some genre plays of the colonial period and a handful of works from the first half of the twentieth century written for amateur performance in a theatrical climate overwhelmingly dominated by the American and British commercial theatre. The contemporary playwright is seen as worthy of study, not because of the weight of received opinion but because the author has something to say, to this generation at least, about what it means to be Australian.
The continuing focus on Australian drama.
In the theatre since the 1960s there has been a phase of aggressive works full of colourful vernacular by writers like Jack Hibberd, Alex Buzo and John Romeril; then a period of domestic examination which saw the rise of Williamson and more mature works like Peter Kenna’s "A Hard God"; then a freer, more poetic look at the roots of our psyche, including the works of Dorothy Hewett, Louis Nowra and Stephen Sewell, and the return to the stage of Patrick White. Most recently has been a strengthening of the place of women writers with the work of Joanna Murray-Smith, Hannie Rayson, Jill Shearer and Katherine Thomson, and a strong resurgence of non Anglo-Celtic authors: the children of eastern European, Jewish and southern European immigrants, reinterpreting Australia as a multicultural society. A new generation of writers such as Angela Betzien, Brendan Cowell, Ben Ellis, Tom Holloway, Lally Katz, Kate Mulvany and Tommy Murphy have also made their mark. In music and dance today the strongest new influences are Aboriginal and Asian.
In 1998 Currency began to assemble key plays of the past into its Modern Drama series of anthologies. Eight volumes of plays from the 1950s to the 1970s have so far been published and they record the steady development of a vibrant national theatre. Other thematic anthologies include Aboriginal, feminist and gay and lesbian plays.
Currency publishes books in fields other than drama. Screenplays like "Strictly Ballroom", "Muriel’s Wedding", "Looking for Alibrandi", "Chopper" and "Rabbit Proof Fence" have made a sound contribution to Currency’s list.
Currency also has a large list of critical studies and manuals, from resource booklets to historical studies of popular music and opera. They have published feminist analyses of popular culture, critical studies of Australian film; and practical guides on acting, learning dialects, creating drama with young people, and preparing for auditions in theatre, film and television. But drama remains the backbone of the list.
Notable Titles.
Plays.
• "Away" by Michael Gow (1986) - winner of the 1986 New South Wales Premier's Literary Award - Play Award 
• "Blackrock" by Nick Enright - It’s Toby Ackland’s birthday party down near the surf club — and that means grog, drugs and fun; by the morning a young girl is dead — raped and bashed with a rock 
• "The Chapel Perilous" by Dorothy Hewett - depicts the painful and sometimes farcical life of a defiant young poet, Sally Banner 
• "Cloudstreet" by Nick Enright & Justin Monjo (1999) - an adaptation of Tim Winton's classic novel, and winner of the 1999 Gold AWGIE Award 
• "The Club" by David Williamson - a play set behind the scenes of a football club; a head-on tackle of brawn versus bureaucracy 
• "Cosi" by Louis Nowra - winner of the 1992 New South Wales Premier’s Literary Award - Play Award 
• "Dead Heart" by Nick Parsons - winner of the 1994 Australian Human Rights Award, the 1993 NSW State Premier's Literary Award - Play Award and the 1993 AWGIE Award for Drama 
• "Diving for Pearls" by Katherine Thomson - winner of the 1991 Victorian Premier's Award - Louis Esson Prize for Drama 
• "Don's Party" by David Williamson - Williamson's brilliant satire examines a society on the threshold of emerging from a generation of comfortable, conservative political and social values 
• "Ham Funeral, The" by Patrick White - an early expressionist drama which explores the spiritual forces that propel us forward 
• "Holding the Man" by Tommy Murphy (2007) - an adaptation of Timothy Conigrave's bestselling memoir 
• "Hotel Sorrento" by Hannie Rayson (1990) - winner of the 1990 AWGIE Award - Stage Award, 1990 NSW Premier’s Literary Award for Drama and the 1990 Green Room Award for Best Play 
• "Macquarie" by Alex Buzo - traces the decline of Governor Lachlan Macquarie’s authority in the infant colony of New South Wales; it was the first play published by Currency Press 
• "No Sugar" by Jack Davis - winner of the 1992 Kate Challis RAKA Award for Drama and the 1987 WA Premier's Book Awards - Special Award 
• "Norm and Ahmed" by Alex Buzo creates an image of race prejudice as a profoundly irrational force in the behaviour of ordinary Australians 
• "The Removalists" by David Williamson - winner of the 1972 AWGIE Award - Best Stage Play and Best Script, as well as the Evening Standard Award for Most Promising Playwright 
• "Season at Sarsaparilla, The" by Patrick White - neighbours are held by their environment, waiting with determination, but little expectation, for the inevitable cycle of birth, copulation and death 
• "Speaking in Tongues" by Andrew Bovell (1996) - winner of the 1997 AWGIE Award - Stage Award; this is the play upon which "Lantana" was based 
• "Stolen" by Jane Harrison - this tender and moving story brought the tragic history of the Stolen Generations to the Australian stage; winner of the 2002 Kate Challis RAKA Award 
• "Summer of the Seventeenth Doll" by Ray Lawler (1955) - a defining moment in Australian theatre history, and a beacon in the Australian dramatic canon 
• "The Time is Not Yet Ripe" by Louis Esson - a political comedy from 1912 in which the forces of socialism, feminism and conservatism fight out an election and an engagement to marry 
Screenplays.
• "Blue Murder" by Ian David - a powerful and frightening story about police corruption and Sydney’s underworld 
• "Chopper" by Andrew Dominik - goes inside the mind of Mark Brandon ‘Chopper’ Read, one of Australia’s most notorious criminals 
• "Muriel's Wedding" by P.J. Hogan - Muriel, an unhappy young woman in dismal surroundings, sets out to overcome obstacles such as her family, her joblessness, and her obsession with 70s glam rockers ABBA 
• "Rabbit Proof Fence" by Christine Olsen - three Aboriginal girls are forcibly removed from their outback families in 1931 to be trained as domestic servants as part of official government policy 
• "Strictly Ballroom" by Baz Luhrmann and Craig Pearce - an exuberant story about the struggle for love and creativity in a world limited by greed and regulation 

</doc>
<doc id="18549445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549445" title="Kansas City Spartans (basketball)">
Kansas City Spartans (basketball)

The Kansas City Spartans were a basketball team in the American Basketball Association that began play in 2008 and closed up shop later that season.
Despite a similar market, the Spartans have no connection to the charter ABA franchise the Kansas City Knights.

</doc>
<doc id="18549448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549448" title="Nodal marginal zone B cell lymphoma">
Nodal marginal zone B cell lymphoma

Nodal marginal zone B cell lymphoma (NMZL) is a form of marginal-zone lymphoma that can produce colonization of the follicles in the lymph node.

</doc>
<doc id="18549452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549452" title="Scouting in North West England">
Scouting in North West England

Scouting in North West England is about Scouting in the official region of North West England. It is largely represented by the Scout Association of the United Kingdom and some Groups of traditional Scouting including the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association.
The Scout Association in North West England is administered through 8 Scout Counties.
University of Central Lancashire SSAGO; Lancaster SSAGO, covering Lancaster University and University of Cumbria (formally St Martin's College); Students of Liverpool Association of Guides and Scouts, covering University of Liverpool, Liverpool John Moores University (JMU), Liverpool Hope University and Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts (LIPA); and Manchester SSAGO, covering the University of Manchester, Manchester Metropolitan University, the University of Salford and University of Bolton; all affiliated to the Student Scout and Guide Organisation (SSAGO), are situated in North West England.
History.
Several Groups in the region were founded in 1908. These include the 1st Marple Group.
The Scout Association Counties.
Cumbria Scout County.
Cumbria is a Scout County concurrent with the political county of Cumbria, and provides Scouting opportunities for young people and adults in the area around the English Lake District, including the town of Barrow-in-Furness, and the City of Carlisle.
The County is currently divided into nine Scout Districts:
District badges as worn on the uniform of Scouting members.
The Rawnsley Shield.
The Rawnsley Shield is an annual competition for Scouts in the Reivers District in Cumbria Scout County. Starting in the 1920s its roots go back to Canon Hardwicke Rawnsley who donated the shield to Scouting. The format of the competition changes every year and has been: a camp, where you were marked on activities; a walk to Talkin Tarn from Gelt Wood and activities at Talkin Tarn; or, recently, a pioneering contest. The current winners of the Rawnsley Shield is the 25th Carlisle.
Cheshire Scout County.
Cheshire is a Scout County concurrent with the political county of Cheshire, excluding Altrincham and Sale (Greater Manchester West) and Stockport (Greater Manchester East).
The County is currently divided into eleven Scout Districts:
District badges as worn on the uniform of Scouting members.
Alderley District Scout Band.
Alderley District Scout Band, formed in 1963 with one bugle and drum, is a traditional marching and display band in based in Wilmslow, Cheshire. It is in the Alderley Scout District of the Cheshire Scout County. The band takes part in competitions under the TYMBA Traditional Youth Marching Bands Association (TYMBA) and the British Youth Band Association (BYBA) rules, winning over 500 trophies including many Supreme Champions.
In 1984 and 1994 the band was invited to play at Windsor Castle in front of respectively Her Majesty the Queen and the Duchess of Kent. They have also appeared in the Royal Tournament, on Television, in the London Parade, the Lord’s Mayor of Manchester’s Parade and toured the Netherlands in 1992 and Belgium in 1995.
By 2000, the band has declined to under 10 members, only 3 of whom were under 25, and they could no longer compete. New members were recruited and from October 2003 it began competing again in competitions within TYMBA, and at local parades and fetes . In 2007, the Centenary year of Scouting, the band joined with the 1st Syston Scout and Guide Band to perform at the National Scout St George's Day Parade at Windsor Castle in front of the Queen. In November 2008 the band were crowned National Champions at the TYMBA National Finals, 10 years since they had last won the top award.
Cheshire Water Activities.
Cheshire Water Activities is an independent organisation which supports Scouting in Cheshire. The Activities team provide training of leaders, and supervision of young people, in various water activities including kayaking, sailing, windsurfing, power boating, and offshore sailing.
East Lancashire Scout County.
East Lancashire Scout County covers the industrial towns of East Lancashire.
The County contains 7 Scout Districts:
Greater Manchester East Scout County.
Greater Manchester East Scout County is one of three Scout Counties based in Greater Manchester. The area is divided into 10 Districts,covering the city of Manchester itself, Stockport, Tameside, and Glossop. Glossop is situated within the county boundaries of Derbyshire, but has been included in the area due to its close geographical position near the Greater Manchester conurbation.
The County contains 10 Scout Districts:
Greater Manchester North Scout County.
Greater Manchester North is one of three Scout Counties which cover the metropolitan county of Greater Manchester, and provides a Scouting programme to the towns of Bolton, Bury, Farnworth, Heywood, Middleton, Prestwich and Rochdale, amongst others. The County Headquarters are in Middleton.
The County is currently divided into fourteen Scout Districts:
Greater Manchester West Scout County.
Greater Manchester West is one of three Scout Counties which cover the metropolitan county of Greater Manchester, and provides a Scouting programme to the metropolitan boroughs of Leigh, Salford, Trafford and Wigan.
Within the Scout County there are three Scout Groups listed among the 'first troops' founded in 1908:
The County is currently divided into nine Scout Districts:
"Atherton and Tyldesley" and "Leigh and District" were merged on 1 October 2009 to form "Lilford District".
Merseyside Scout County.
Merseyside Scout County is a Scout County covering five Metropolitan Boroughs of Knowsley, St. Helens, Sefton, Wirral, and the City of Liverpool.
The County is divided into fifteen Scout Districts:
On 1 April 2010 several of the above districts will cease to exist and become new larger districts, including Altside, Liverpool North, Liverpool South Liverpool East and Liverpool Central. This is part of the review that was carried out in the County in 2009.
Within Merseyside county, the Crosby district is also the home of the Crosby Scout and Guide Marina Club, who offer dinghy and kayak sailing to local youngsters, based at the newly rebuilt Crosby Lakeside Adventure Centre opened in October 2009.
West Lancashire Scout County.
West Lancashire Scout County is a Scout County covering half of Lancashire, the other half being covered by East Lancashire Scout County with the two roughly separated by the M6.
The boundaries of Lancashire were changed in 1974 as part of local government. Shortly after, the Scout Counties in Lancashire changed to reflect these border changes. West Lancashire Scout County was created from parts of the original North West and South West Lancashire Scout Counties. According to their 2006 census the Scout County had 9347 members within 154 Scout Groups.
The Scout County is sub-divided into the following eight districts:
The Scout County hosts "Be Prepared: The Story of Scouting", the first purpose-built Scout museum in the UK.
Mountaineering.
The Scout County regularly runs a varied number of trips including training weekends in Scotland around the Cairngorms and smaller ski trips to the Alps as well as Scotland.
Greenland.
The Scout County is well known for their mountaineering adventure element of their program. Over the last few years two trips to Greenland have resulted in some assents of unclimbed peaks. The first trip, in 2004 featured a link up to Waddecar via a Sat phone during the campsite's birthday celebrations with the Chief Scout, the second during 2007 to Ren Land featured a far larger number of participants and a sea kayak element. The trips were approved by the Young Explorers Trust and the British Mountaineering Council. As well as the mountaineering and adventure side, scientific elements were also completed
International.
Away from mountaineering the county also has run in the past trips to Uganda which aimed "to complete a multi-purpose building to be used for health promotions, clinics for immunisation of the local population". The county has participant in International Jamboree, EuroJam and international trips to Austria, Belgium and Canada during recent years. They have also attended the Menin Gate memorials during November.
Campsites.
Ashworth Valley Camp Site.
Ashworth Valley, which lies between Bury and Rochdale, was purchased in 1944 by Rochdale and Heywood Scout Association Districts. It was previously part of the estate of the Earl of Egerton. The comedian/songwriter Mike Harding included a mention of "Ashy Valley" in his song about a Cub Scout going to camp.
Bispham Hall Scout Camp.
Bispham Hall is a Activity Centre situated almost midway between Manchester and Liverpool, near to the village of Billinge.
Bowley Scout Camp and Activity Centre.
Bowley Scout Camp and Activity Centre, established in 1968, is managed by the East Lancashire Scout County of the Scout Association. The site, of of former agricultural pasture, provides both camping sites and indoor accommodation . It has open views to Pendle Hill and the distant peaks within the Lake District National Park and North Yorkshire National Park. Activities on site include climbing walls, archery, rifle shooting, and grass sledges. A new eco-building is being constructed on site, being one of the first commercial/residential centres to be built out of straw bales.
Dunham Park Scout Camp.
Dunham Park is a mixed woodland camp site located at Dunham Massey, near the town of Altrincham, some south of the centre of Manchester.
Ennerdale Scout Centre.
Ennerdale Scout Centre is owned and maintained by the Cumbria Scout Association County, and is located on the River Eden near to Ennerdale Water. The site only covers around , but offers a range of camping pitches, as well as some indoor accommodation for up to around 60 people. This site was previously owned by the former West Cumberland Scout County. For over 50 years, the Oxford University Scout and Guide Group has had a close association with the camp site, with students camping for a week before and after the summer camping season in the University Easter vacation and the university Summer vacation in September.
Great Tower Activity Centre.
Great Tower Activity Centre is located on the eastern shore of Windermere in the Lake District National Park. While it is located in the Cumbria Scout Association County, as from 1 April 2011, Great Tower Scout Activity Centre joined the National Activity Centres programme and is owned and managed by The Scout Association. The site covers an area of .
Greater Manchester North Scout Association Camp sites.
Dog Hill Scout and Community Camp Site in Shaw, Oldham and Bibby's Farm Scout Camp and Activity Centre near Chorley but administered by the Scout districts in Bolton are available to scouts, guides and other youth organisations in Greater Manchester North Scout County or elsewhere. There is also Giants Seat camp site run by Radcliffe District.
Linnet Clough Scout Camp.
Linnet Clough Scout Camp is situated in Greater Manchester near the towns of Marple and Stockport. Developed from a working dairy farm, Linnet Clough is an all year round Scout activity centre and camp site with facilities for a multitude of outdoor activities.
There are 17 ¼ acres of camping fields surrounded on three sides by woods and plantations of trees to provide shelter and windbreaks on the fields. There are three main fields. There is normally a field warden resident in the camping area. There is a large "Storm Hut" which can be used in adverse weather conditions.
Middlewood Scout Camp.
Middlewood Scout Camp is situated near the town of Worsley, near the Bridgewater Canal.
Middlewood has a large number of varied size camping pitches, ranging from large sites suitable for district or group events down to small sites suited to patrol camping. The campsite features a modern toilet block with a hot water supply and showers.
Two buildings, Cunliffe Lodge and the Cub Hut are also available. Cunliffe Lodge, the larger building, features a fully equipped kitchen, a main activities/dining hall, three bunkrooms (sleeping 15, 6 and 4), male and female bathrooms and central heating. The Cub Hut features a small kitchen and dining room, a lounge with tables and chairs, two bunkrooms sleeping six and four and a leaders room.
One of Middlewood's main features is the large boating lake, co-leased with Broughton Angling Club. Scouts can use the lake for canoeing, kayaking, rafting and fishing. The site also has a rifle range and a large selection of pioneering poles. The Camp Team run open campfires with songs and campfire stunts on Saturday evenings during camping season.
Moor Crag Water Activity Centre.
Moor Crag Activity Centre is based on the eastern shore of Windermere, near to Great Tower Activity Centre. It provides a base for a wide variety of waterborne activities. Accommodation is available in a residential block at the centre, the Waterside Wood Chalet. Alternatively camping is generally arranged at Great Tower.
The activity centre has 68 m of water frontage along the shore of Windermere, which includes 2 jetties and a boat house / wet dock, which is used to house the control room and safety craft. Canoes, Kayaks and Sailing boats are owned by the centre, and are available for hire.
Ratlingate International Camping Centre.
Ratlingate International Camping Centre is located south of the city of Carlisle, and is owned and maintained by Reivers Scout Association District. The site consists of of camping field, with a further in mixed woodland pitches. It originally had a wooden hut, which burnt down and so was replaced with a building at the top of the campsite which has kitchens, toilets and dormitorys. Nearly all Reivers camps take place at Ratlingate, including the recent Centenary Camp where over 250 people attended. Its woods can hold many activities from backwoods cooking to pioneering, and is regularly used for orienteering competitions.
Tawd Vale Scout Campsite.
Tawd Vale Scout Campsite is a campsite of the Merseyside Scout County. Named after the River Tawd, which flows through the camp, it consists of in West Lancashire. The site is currently run by the County's ACC Tawd Vale, along with the assistance of a number of volunteers. The site has undergone improvements in 2009.
Waddecar Scout Camp.
Waddecar Scout Camp is located in the Forest of Bowland, in the parish of Goosnargh, north of Preston in Lancashire. The site has a large number of woodland pitches, as well as fields, allowing almost 1,000 Scouts to camp simultaneously. There are also a number of building offering indoor accommodation.
Waddecar has several buildings that can be hired out by Scout Groups and other youth organisations. These include Helme Lodge and Jubilee Base. Waddecar also has several large areas for pitching tents including the Training Field and the recently acquired "Bill's Meadow". The site also offers a number of activities, including Abseiling, Climbing, an Obstacle Course, Archery, Cycle Hire, and an Air Rifle Shooting Range.
West Lancashire Scout Association District Campsites.
As well as the larger County activity centres listed above, smaller centres are owned and run by Scout Districts. Mowbreck Campsite is run by Blackpool District. Fylde District has an Activity Barn at its District HQ. Lonsdale District has two activity centres: the T.W. Helme Memorial Activity Centre at Littledale and the SilverHelme Activity Centre.
Gang Shows.
The Barrow Gang Show is a relatively new Gang Show, starting in 1995.
Birkenhead Gang Show, started in 1961, brought the show to London for its 50th Anniversary.
The Blackpool Gang Show was first staged in 1961. It has appeared at the Opera House, Grand Theatre & Pavilion Theatre, then from 2005, the Globe Theatre. It was visited by the Gang Show founder Ralph Reader at the Opera House. It has a cast of over 100 members from all sections of the Scout Association and Girlguiding UK along with leaders from both Associations.
Chester Gang Show started in 1954.
Congleton Gang Show started in 1972 and runs ever two years.
The Crewe Gang Show originated in 1938, although the South West Cheshire Scout District had been running an evening of entertainment for attendees of their Annual General Meeting for many years beforehand. In 1949, it was performed at the New Theatre, Crewe. This venue has continued to 2008, which will mark the 70th Anniversary. The Gang Show was awarded the privilege of using the coveted Red Necker in 1964. Ralph Reader, the man behind the original Gang Show held in 1931, visited the Crewe Gang Show in 1980, and wrote in a letter, "With no hesitation, I say again, it was one of the finest Gang Shows I have ever seen". The 2006 show included 23 Cub Scouts and 62 Scouts and Leaders as the cast, and many others as production crew.
Knutsford Gang Show started in 1986.
1st Marple Scout Group, with Marple Guides, are involved in the Marple Gang Show in the Carver Theatre. This show has been running continuously for over 40 years, and is nationally recognised via the Red Knecker scheme.
The Mid-Cheshire Gang Show, covering the towns of Northwich, Winsford and Middlewich in Cheshire is one of the newest Gang shows, starting in 2007. In March 2011, after the third bi-annual production, it was awarded the coveted Red Knecker.
St. Helens Gang Show held its first show at the Theatre Royal, St. Helens in 1964, celebrated its 40th anniversary in 2004 and continues in the same location. It now has over 100 members of the Scout and Guide movement in the cast. 
The Warrington Gang Show started in 1951. In 2008, it celebrated its 50th production along with the centenary of scouting. Up until 1992 Warrington Gang Show was performed at Crosfields Centenary Theatre in Warrington, but moved to Warrington's Parr Hall in 1991 when Crosfields was closed and demolished. This venue has been Warrington Gang Show's home since.
West Wirral Gang Show started in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18549453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549453" title="Listen to the Music">
Listen to the Music

"Listen to the Music" is a song recorded by The Doobie Brothers on their second album "Toulouse Street". This song remains a concert staple and is one of The Doobie Brothers' biggest hits.
Song.
Writer Tom Johnston described the motivation for the song as a call for world peace:
"The chord structure of it made me think of something positive, so the lyrics that came out of that were based on this utopian idea that if the leaders of the world got together on some grassy hill somewhere and either smoked enough dope or just sat down and just listened to the music and forgot about all this other bulls—, the world would be a much better place. It was very utopian and very unrealistic (laughs). It seemed like a good idea at the time."
The song peaked at #11 on the Billboard Hot 100 in November 1972. Its commercial success helped the album "Toulouse Street" skyrocket on the charts. The song remains a staple of adult contemporary and classic rock radio. The band also uses it as an encore song during live shows. It was written and sung by guitarist and vocalist Tom Johnston. Patrick Simmons, the second guitarist and vocalist in the group, sings the bridge of the song.
During the 1982 'Farewell Tour,' the song was the last one played on the setlist as the encore with drummer Keith Knudsen singing the lead vocal.

</doc>
<doc id="18549458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549458" title="Treaty of Lircay">
Treaty of Lircay

Treaty of Lircay (May 3, 1814) was a truce treaty agreed between the Royalist and the Patriot forces during the Chilean War of Independence.
Background.
Due to the exhaustion of both armies in conflict after the long 1813 campaign and the battles of El Membrillar and Quechereguas, the arrival of the English Captain of the "HMS Phoebe", James Hillyar with instructions from the Viceroy of Peru José Fernando de Abascal to negotiate with the rebels was considered opportune. 
The treaty was signed on the banks of the Lircay River, about 7 kilometers outside the city of Talca by the commander of the Royal Armies in the province of Concepción, brigadier Gabino Gaínza, and the representatives of the Chilean Supreme Director Francisco de la Lastra, brigadiers Bernardo O'Higgins and Juan Mackenna. 
It was during these negotiations that O'Higgins met José Antonio Rodríguez Aldea, who was the secretary of the Royalist Commander, and who later went on to become O'Higgins' minister of finance and one of the main causes of his unpopularity and eventual downfall.
The agreement.
The treaty was composed of 16 articles, plus a "preamble". In the preamble, the treaty laid all blame for the "destruction of the Kingdom" on the Carrera family (without directly naming them). In the document proper the patriots reaffirmed their loyalty to King Ferdinand VII, defined Chile as an integral part of the Spanish monarchy, and promised to financially help the Spanish treasury within the economic possibilities of the country, to send deputies to the Cádiz Cortes, to abandon the use of their own flag and re-adopt the royal standard and to pull back all patriot troops north of the Lontué River. 
The royalists on the other hand accepted the existence of a Chilean provisional government, and committing to vacate the city of Talca, withdraw most of their forces south of the Maule River and leave the Province of Concepción. The treaty also included other general dispositions such as the end of all acts of war between both armies, the exchange of prisoners of war, the restitution of all properties confiscated by the Chileans to the Royalist supporters and the payment of the debts incurred by the Royal Army in their Chilean campaign.
Results.
Everything indicated that the treaty was nothing else except a way in which both sides could obtain a truce. Gaínza did not abandon his positions by the agreed date, nor did the rebels live up to the agreement. The only practical results of the treaty were that it caused a cease-fire and created a "de facto" frontier on the Maule River. 
After the signature of the treaty, the patriots did not move north of the Lontué River and remained garrisoned in Talca. On the other hand Brigadier Gaínza retreated to Chillán but did not leave the area by the time agreed, deciding instead to remain in the city waiting for reinforcements. When his officers remonstrated him for his former concessions, he calmed them down by telling them that he had no intention of complying with those parts of the agreement. In addition, the treaty specified that war prisoners would be released but this measure didn’t apply to the Carrera brothers who had been captured on March 4 by one of his militia units, commanded by Clemente Lantaño. The patriots had inserted a secret clause that established that these men would be handed over to the government and deported later on, due to the political instability that their freedom implied. Nevertheless Gaínza freed José Miguel Carrera and Luis Carrera.
Upon their arrival to Santiago, José Miguel Carrera refused to accept the agreements of Lircay and started his second (third for some authorities) dictatorship by deposing Supreme Director Lastra via a coup of State on July 23. In the meantime, Viceroy Abascal was infuriated when he read the text of the Treaty and removed Gaínza from command, replacing him with Brigadier Mariano Osorio and sending the latter to Chile at the head of a new expedition of 5,000 men. Not content with that, he had Gaínza court martialed in Lima, accused of exceeding his orders.
Carrera's seizure of power was not accepted by O’Higgins, who along with his troops marched towards Santiago, being defeated in the Battle of Tres Acequias (August 26) by soldiers commanded by Luis Carrera. Immediately after the battle, the news of the arrival of the Osorio expedition filtered and this obligated the supporters of O’Higginis and of Carrera to stop their infights to unite themselves in the defense of the revolution. However, the patriot forces succumbed before the royalists in the disaster of Rancagua (October 2), which forced most of the patriots to emigrate to Mendoza.

</doc>
<doc id="18549481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549481" title="Pacific Rim Championships">
Pacific Rim Championships

The Pacific Rim Championships is a major regional biennial gymnastics competition. It is open to teams from member nations of the Pacific Alliance of National Gymnastics Federations, including Australia, Canada, China, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, USA and other nations on the Pacific coast. Before 2008, the event was known as the Pacific Alliance Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18549482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549482" title="Contra El Viento">
Contra El Viento

Contra El Viento (en: "Against the Wind") is the seventh track from WarCry album "¿Dónde Está La Luz?", and was also released as a music video created after a montage of scenes from a live concert given by the band. It is also featured on live album Directo A La Luz on both DVD and CD versions.
Meaning.
The lyrics were written entirely by Víctor García, who explained them on the band's website as follows:I'm sure you all have seen pictures of children in a hospital with their heads shaved, suffering of various types of cancer, with that sad look but at the same time sweet, which tell us that rather than sick, they are just children. There are many other images that show adverse environments in which a human being tries to survive, many cases in which the calculation of possibilities is adverse, but many of them the human ended up victorious.
This story talks about a terminal patient who notices that his time is about to come, and still grasps desperately to his life. It's common to hear expressions like: "If I have an accident and end up blind, I prefer to die", or "If I lose a leg I prefer to die"... Dying, is like total surrender. There might be a life after death, but one thing is totally clear, it won't be the same. The human being is a viscous substance that exists in our heads, everything else is replaceable and complementary. The loss of an organ, vision, or hearing is not a loss of identity, also, your family wouldn't leave you just because you're blind, or anything else, their support and affection will always be present.
Imagine you the protagonist of this story, think of any way of survival, think that every second is vital, and that life is a disease with constant pain and thousands of barriers to whom you need to face. Escaping is not allowed, but only resistance, struggle ,and fights to solve problems. At the end of our years death will win, but no one can take away the pleasure of having fought every single day of our lives... against the wind.

</doc>
<doc id="18549511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549511" title="Pere de Montsó">
Pere de Montsó

Pere de Montsó (fl. 1173), also Peire de Monzo(n), was an Aragonese troubadour, though none of his compositions survive. He was probably from Monzón near the border with Catalonia, but he may have hailed from Monzón de Campos in Castile, as Ramón Menéndez Pidal believed. He is the subject of the eighth stanza of a famous satire of twelve troubadours by Peire d'Alvernhe. This stanza has different readings:
The verse is very unclear. The first reading suggests that Raymond V of Toulouse had heard Pere sing. If Pattison's reconstruction of events surrounding Peire d'Alvernhe's satire is correct, however, Pere de Montsó was attached to the Spanish entourage (possibly as a jongleur) of Eleanor, daughter of Henry II of England and fiancée of Alfonso VIII of Castile, who was travelling through Gascony on her way to Spain when she and her entourage were entertained by Peire's satire. Pattison suggest on the basis of this stanza that the troupe had also travelled through the lands of Toulouse and met in the presence of the Count, whose whereabouts at the time are otherwise unrecorded.
On the second reading, it is clear that Raymond V is alleged to have composed a tune that was subsequently used by Pere, but whether it was stolen from Pere by a third party or whether Pere was considered a thief for using another's melody is not clear.

</doc>
<doc id="18549580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549580" title="Live Armageddon">
Live Armageddon

Live Armageddon is the first live performance on DVD by the Brazilian death metal band Krisiun, released in 2006 through Century Media. It was released simultaneously with their sixth studio album, "AssassiNation". The DVD, which is nearly two hours in length, contains as its main feature, a performance recorded in Polish Metalmania festival in 2004. As a bonus, the DVD features 45 minutes of a show recorded in 2004 in São Paulo, that included bands such as Ratos de Porão e Korzus. The video also has two songs recorded in an amateur way at Wacken Open Air festival in 2001, footage from the "Works of Carnage" recording sessions, and the music video of "Murderer".

</doc>
<doc id="18549591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549591" title="Abscess of thymus">
Abscess of thymus

An abscess of the thymus (also known as "Dubois' abscesses") is a condition that is one of many possible causes of cysts in the mediastinum.
It can present with chest pain behind the sternum.
It can be associated with congenital syphilis.
Although the thymus is usually classified with the immune system, thymic diseases are classified with endocrine disorders in ICD-9 and ICD-10.

</doc>
<doc id="18549628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549628" title="Maria Mariana II">
Maria Mariana II

Maria Mariana II is the 1998 Malaysian drama film, and sequel to the 1996's hit film of the same title, "Maria Mariana". The film was directed by Dato' Yusof Haslam, and was released in Malaysia on April 2, 1998.
Synopsis.
Maria is rushed to the hospital and is saved by Dr. Faris who successfully extracts the bullet from her body. Maria is assigned to the Special Unit of the Royal Malaysian Police force. She falls in love with Dr. Faris. Her unit has been directed to smash a syndicate which is trafficking ecstasy pills and drugs in the city. Meanwhile, Mariana is visited by Remy, a colleague who is attracted to her. Roy, her ex-boyfriend reappears causing turmoil in her life and Mariana reverts to her old wild ways. The relationship between the two sisters, Maria and Mariana becomes strained again.
Reception.
The film was released on April 2, 1998 for 42 days in 32 cinemas across Malaysia and grossed RM3,159,002.

</doc>
<doc id="18549677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549677" title="Lee Run Hu">
Lee Run Hu

Lee Run Hu () (1913 - 1947) was a Singaporean writer and poet who was remembered for his contributions to the development of Chinese literature and literary writing in Malaya. He was a prolific writer for Chinese newspapers and other publications, championing socio-political issues, and exposing evils by mercenary businessmen and the Japanese government during the Japanese occupation of Singapore.
Lee was an reporter, before and after the war. He was an altruistic man who worked out of his interest in social commentary work, and wrote pro-bono for local Chinese newspapers. From 1945 to his death, Lee wrote a total of 132 articles for local newspapers
Through his articles Lee obtrusively voiced his opinions, and offended many important people in the Malayan society. For instance, he once wrote about wealthy people who had a penchant of "donating a dollar, and expecting 3 dollars' worth of recognition of patriotism, charity, and generosity". As a result, Lee was forced to adopt different pen-names just to have his work published. Lee died of illness in 1947 at the age of 34. Upon his death, the local literary circle honoured him with an elaborate funeral, and a commemorative feature on the Chinese newspapers, honoring him with the title of "Singapore Cultural Warrior".
Fang left behind his wife Liu Peh Chin, son Lee Yew Keng and daughters, Lee Yew Koon and Lee Yew Hu.

</doc>
<doc id="18549680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549680" title="List of Amalgam Comics characters">
List of Amalgam Comics characters

The following is a list of fictional characters that appear in the comic books of Amalgam Comics. Any characters mentioned, but not seen, are excluded. They are listed by comic book and a team section is also provided. The amalgamations of characters or the Amalgam versions of one character are given. Plots of the Amalgam comic books are given in the list of Amalgam Comics publications and additional information about characters is provided in the references.

</doc>
<doc id="18549692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549692" title="Boca Dam">
Boca Dam

Boca Dam (National ID No. CA10135) is an earthfill dam and a part of the Truckee Storage Project that encompasses Nevada County, California and Washoe County, Nevada in the United States. Open year-round, it is located at the southern end of Boca Reservoir, north of Interstate 80, above the confluence of the Little Truckee River and the Truckee River, and northeast of Truckee, California. Reno, Nevada lies to the east. 
Boca Dam's area of significance includes agriculture, conservation, and engineering. It is administered by the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation, and operated by the Washoe County Water Conservation District. The technical point of contact is the United States District Court Water Master's Office in Reno. The dam's major period of significance was 1925 through 1949.
Landmark.
The dam is registered in the National Register of Historic Places. Its commemorative plaque states:
BOCA DAM 1937 - 1940
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
HAROLD L. ICKES...SECRETARY
BUREAU OF RECLAMATION
JOHN C. PAGE...COMMISSIONER
R. F. WALTER...CHIEF ENGINEER
L. J. FOSTER AND C. S. HALE CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERS
HEIGHT...116 FEET
LENGTH...1629 FEET
STORAGE CAPACITY...40,901 ACRE-FEET
CONTRACTOR...GEORGE W. CONDON CO. 

</doc>
<doc id="18549698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549698" title="Power Duke">
Power Duke

Power Duke was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1960 Group 1 Oakleigh Plate.
He was owned by a group of people, including the late Mr Alf Cane. Power Duke was put down only a matter of weeks after winning the Oakleigh Plate when his uncontrollable behaviour became too much for the trainer and owners.

</doc>
<doc id="18549702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549702" title="Norton (Cheshire) railway station">
Norton (Cheshire) railway station

Norton railway station was a station near Norton, a village to the east of Runcorn, Cheshire. It was located just north of the 1.25 mile (2km) Sutton Tunnel and was built as a result of the recommendations of a Board of Trade enquiry into a fatal accident in the tunnel the previous year.
It was opened by the Birkenhead, Lancashire & Cheshire Joint Railway company on 18 December 1850; originally named "Norton", it was renamed "Norton (Cheshire)" in 1926; and it was closed to passenger traffic by the British Transport Commission on 1 September 1952. Most of the station has since been demolished, but the old station house remains in use as a private dwelling and there is a signal box nearby that still bears this name. A new station, known as was opened a few metres south of the original site in October 1983 to serve the southern end of Runcorn new town.

</doc>
<doc id="18549707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549707" title="Jim Paxson, Sr.">
Jim Paxson, Sr.

James Edward Paxson (born December 19, 1932) is a retired American professional basketball player.
A 6'6" guard/forward, Paxson attended the University of Dayton during the mid-1950s, averaging 10.9 points per game in his collegiate career. He helped the Flyers attain two consecutive second place finishes in the National Invitation Tournament. After graduating in 1956, he was selected by the Minneapolis Lakers with the third pick of the NBA Draft, then played two seasons in the NBA with the Lakers and Cincinnati Royals. When his basketball career ended, he entered the insurance business.
Paxson's sons Jim and John both played in the NBA and have also served as NBA general managers. His son Michael played collegiately at the University of Wyoming and Ohio University.

</doc>
<doc id="18549718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549718" title="Dzhil">
Dzhil

Dzhil may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18549735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549735" title="Daresbury railway station">
Daresbury railway station

Daresbury railway station was a station in Moore, Cheshire, on the Birkenhead Joint Railway between Runcorn and Warrington. It was named after the village of Daresbury, Cheshire, about a mile away, as Moore had a second station on another line. It was open to passengers between 1850 and 1952. It continued to be served by goods trains until full closure in 1965. 

</doc>
<doc id="18549780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549780" title="Chalab (disambiguation)">
Chalab (disambiguation)

Chalab is a village in Kurdistan Province, Iran.
Chalab or Chal Ab () may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18549788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549788" title="Willet (disambiguation)">
Willet (disambiguation)

Willet is a species of bird.
It is also an anglicized form of a French surname Ouellet. 
Willet may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18549828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549828" title="Brett Swain">
Brett Swain

Brett Swain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18549846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549846" title="Waghbil">
Waghbil

Waghbil is located outside Thane city, Maharashtra, India, nearly 6 kilometers from Thane railway station. Waghbil has increased in size since 1991. Before that time, Waghbil was considered to be a village but has since been absorbed into Thane district. Waghbil is located about 2 kilometers from Ghodbunder Road highway, the . Village is sheltered by Sanjay Gandhi national Park, Thane Creek & covered up with “Aagri Samaj” (आगरी समाज), which is most popular community in Maharashtra. The Hiranandani Estate is one of the adjoining localities to Waghbil. Suraj Water park, the only water park in Thane, is situated on Waghbil Naka. http://epaper.timesofindia.com/Repository/ml.asp?Ref=VE9JTS8yMDEwLzA1LzE1I0FyMDYyMDA=&Mode=HTML&Locale=english-skin-custom
The famous residential complexes Vijay Nagri, Vijay Nagri Annex and Vasant Leela are situated here.
Fishery and farming of rice are the major occupations of this village. Rice bread, steamed rice with meat and fish is their daily diet. Villagers are also involved under business in building material chain. Under which they are providing creek sand & metal stone to local construction projects.
Villagers celebrate Ganesh Utsav,Gopal Kala, Navratri, Hanuman Jayanti and Ram Navmi and fun fairs with lots of fun and devotion.
Mr. Tulshiram Shinge (Senior Social Worker) confirms, Vaishakh Poarnima (वैशाख पोर्णीमा) has first day of Waghbil Fair (जत्रा). On the first day of fair the goddess is worshiped "Mahadu Aai" (महादू आई). Second day of the goddess is worshiped “Mari Aai” (मरी आई). Villagers organize “Kushti Competetion” (कुस्ती स्पर्धा)on the third day. On this occasion many people do travel to participate & watch this competition. This fun fair ends on Sanakshti Chaturthi (संकष्टी चतुर्थी).
During these 4 days fun fair, people in other villages are also invited and there is colorful and pleasant and loving atmosphere. The major food eaten on this day is deliciously cooked mutton, chicken with nicely baked bhakris. Also lots of sweet is sold in fun-fair of expressing the happiness.
As per Bandhu Gharat (Civilian), local villager was built “Mahadu Aai” temple in a night by for devotion of the goddess. Villagers are also participating every year for “Shirdi pedestrain” (शिर्डी पदयात्रा) after Diwali.
Aaagari Vikas Samajik Sanstha in Waghbil Village :
Aaagari Vikas Samajik Sanstha is a active NGO in Waghbil Village which was formed in the year 2010 by villager of Waghbil for the betterment of local people. 
"Thane Aagari Mahotsav , a much-awaited annual event in the social calendar of Thane, has carved out a niche. Thane Aagari Mahotsav is held under the aegis of Aagari Vikas Samajik Sanstha (AVSS). Thane Aagari Mahotsav has enjoyed tremendous success and acclaim since its inception. Every year we have celebrated Thane Aagari Mahotsav with new ideas, themes and growing number of exhibitors and visitors" Sagar Patil 

</doc>
<doc id="18549880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549880" title="Victor Shestakov">
Victor Shestakov

Victor Ivanovich Shestakov (1907 – 1987) was a Russian/Soviet logician and theoretician of electrical engineering. In 1935 he discovered the possible interpretation of Boolean algebra of logic in electro-mechanical relay circuits. He graduated from Moscow State University (1934) and worked there in the General Physics Department almost until his death.
Shestakov proposed a theory of electric switches based on Boolean logic earlier than Claude Shannon (due to certification of prominent Soviet logicians and mathematicians Sofya Yanovskaya, M.G. Gaaze-Rapoport, Roland Dobrushin, Oleg Lupanov, Yu. A. Gastev, Yu. T. Medvedev, and Vladimir Andreevich Uspensky), though they defended Theses the same year (1938)) but the first publication of Shestakov's result took place only in 1941 (in Russian). 
In the early 20th century, relay circuits began to be more widely used in automatics, defense of electric and communications systems. Every relay circuit schema for practical use was distinct invention, because the general principle of simulation of these systems was not known. Shestakov's credit (and independently later Claude Shannon) is the general theory of logical simulation inspired by rapidly increasing complexity of technical demands. Logical simulation require solid mathematical foundations. Namely these foundations were created by Shestakov.
Shestakov put forward logico-algebraic model of electrical two poles switchers (later three, and four poles switchers) with consecutive and parallel junctions of schemata elements (resistors, condensers, magnet, inductive coils, etc.). Resistance of these elements might take arbitrary values upon the real line, and upon the two elements set {0, ∞} degenerates into the bivalent Boolean algebra of logic.
Shestakov may be considered as a forerunner of continual logic and its application (and, hence, Boolean algebra of logic as well) in electric engineering, the 'language' of which is reach enough to simulate non-electrical objects of any conceivable physical nature. He was a pioneer of study of merged continual logico-algebraic (parametrical) and topological (structural) models.

</doc>
<doc id="18549882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549882" title="James Cushing">
James Cushing

James Cushing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18549892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549892" title="Norco Bicycles">
Norco Bicycles

Norco Bicycles is a bicycle manufacturer founded in 1964 and currently headquartered in Port Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada. Norco designs and distributes more than 150 bike models to more than 21 countries. Norco is well known for its contribution to freeride cycling through its VPS line of bikes launched in the late 1990s. Since this time Norco has continued to develop the sport with their A.R.T (Advanced Ride Technology) design and their Range, Sight and Aurum bicycle platforms. 
Norco Factory Team.
The current Norco Factory Team is made up of 12 members.

</doc>
<doc id="18549958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549958" title="Love, Mary">
Love, Mary

Love, Mary is a television movie that first aired on CBS-TV on 8 October 1985. It is based upon the true story of Dr. Mary Groda-Lewis (impersonated by Kristy McNichol) who struggled with dyslexia.
Plot.
Mary Louise Groda was a lonely and poor child, from a family of poor farm workers in Portland, Oregon. She was in frequent trouble with juvenile authorities, partly because she hated to go to school.
After a number of breaks from juvenile authorities, Mary's good luck ran out. She and another troubled male teen got caught while they were joy-riding with a stolen car that they crashed. That joy-ride and the subsequent crash were enough for the judge hearing Groda's case, who had no choice but to incarcerate Mary.
A social worker took an interest in Mary, who was sixteen years of age by that time, and realized that she struggled with dyslexia. She then helped Mary excel in studies. Mary gained confidence and began to fight back against her impediment, eventually going to college, earning an M.D. degree. She chose the family practice of pediatrics as her medical specialty.

</doc>
<doc id="18549985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549985" title="Battle of Quiapo">
Battle of Quiapo

Battle of Quiapo in the Arauco War was the final battle in the campaign of García Hurtado de Mendoza against the Mapuche under the toqui known as Lemucaguin or Caupolicán the younger. It was fought in Quiapo, Arauco Province, Chile on the December 13, 1558.

</doc>
<doc id="18549995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549995" title="Sports in Spokane, Washington">
Sports in Spokane, Washington

Spokane, Washington has a rich sporting culture and the area residents are active in many spectator and participant sports. Although Spokane lacks any major, nationally recognized professional sports teams, Spokane has a sports friendly atmosphere, and was recognized and rated #99 in the "Sporting News" 2006 "99 Best Sporting Cities" list. In 2009, Sports Business Journal rated Spokane as the 5th best minor league sports market in America out of 239 markets.
Spectators may attend sporting events around the Spokane area, including professional and collegiate sporting events. Participants enjoy activities from running the annual Lilac Bloomsday Run and playing in the annual Hoopfest. Spokane is associated as being home to some sports teams that have gained national recognition in the their respective arenas. Spokane's professional sports teams include the Spokane Shock (AFL), Spokane Indians (Northwest League), Spokane Chiefs (Western Hockey League), and the Spokane Black Widows (Women's Premier Soccer League). 
Facilities.
In 1995, the Spokane Public Facilities District opened Spokane's premier sports venue, the Spokane Veterans Memorial Arena to replace the Spokane Coliseum. In the years since Spokane Arena opened, it along with the City of Spokane have played host to major sporting events. 
Other sport venues in Spokane include Joe Albi Stadium and Avista Stadium.
Hosting major events.
In 1995, the Spokane Public Facilities District opened Spokane's premier sports venue, the Spokane Veterans Memorial Arena to replace the aging Spokane Coliseum. In the years since the Spokane Arena opened, it along with the city of Spokane have played host to several major sporting events. The first major event the 1998 Memorial Cup, the championship game of the Canadian Hockey League. Four years later in 2002, Spokane hosted the 2002 Skate America figure skating competition, as well as the first two rounds of NCAA Division I Women's Basketball Tournament. In 2003 and 2007 the NCAA returned to Spokane with the Division I Men's Tournament, and again in 2008 with the Women's tournament.
2007 U.S. Figure Skating Championship.
The biggest sports event hosted in Spokane history was the 2007 U.S. Figure Skating Championships. The event set an attendance record, selling nearly 155,000 tickets and passing the previous mark of 125,000 set by the 2002 United States Figure Skating Championships in Los Angeles and was later named the "Sports Event of the Year" by Sports Travel Magazine, beating out notable events, including Super Bowl XLI, among others. Fans, analysts and athletes, including Ice Dancing champion Tanith Belbin, spoke highly of the city's performance as host, which included large, supportive crowds. Spokane was also a candidate city for the 2009 World Figure Skating Championships, losing its bid to Los Angeles. On May 5, 2008, it was announced that Spokane will once again host the U.S. Figure Skating Championships in 2010—ending eighteen days before the start of the 2010 Olympics in Vancouver.
Basketball.
In sports, Spokane is arguably most notable for being the home of the Gonzaga Bulldogs and their NCAA Division I college basketball program that competes in the West Coast Conference (WCC). Although the WCC is often considered a “mid-major” conference, the Gonzaga basketball program is often considered a major program. Gonzaga is one of only nine schools to have reached each of the past ten NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournaments, and is the only school not from a major conference to do so. They have made it to the tournament every time since Gonzaga's rise to national prominence in their Cinderella run to the Elite 8 in the 1999 tournament. Gonzaga has produced many NBA players, including John Stockton, Frank Burgess Dan Dickau, Richie Frahm, Ronny Turiaf, Austin Daye, Jeremy Pargo and Adam Morrison. When the college basketball season begins, the Bulldogs regularly sell out their home games in the recently built McCarthey Athletic Center on the Gonzaga University campus, just north of downtown. The Bulldogs are the current WCC regular-season champions, a title which they have held for the last eight years.
Hoopfest is a large, annual 3-on-3 basketball tournament.
The Spokane Arena is the perennial host to the State 'B' Basketball Tournament, which brings athletes and fans from across Washington to Spokane. With the split of the 'B' classification in 2006, beginning in 2007 the city will be host to the State 2B (the state's second smallest class) Basketball Championships.
Running.
Spokane is home to the annual Lilac Bloomsday Run, which is a race for walkers, and competitive runners. The first Bloomsday was organized by Don Kardong in 1977 and drew a crowd of 1,200 people.
Spokane has a vibrant running culture. The city's location, abundance of parks and trails, close-knit community, high school sport competitiveness, and running tradition and culture make it one of the United States' top exporters of runners.

</doc>
<doc id="18549998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549998" title="Ditran">
Ditran

Ditran (JB-329) is an anticholinergic drug mixture, related to the chemical warfare agent 3-Quinuclidinyl benzilate (QNB). 
Ditran is composed of a mixture of 70% 1-ethyl-2-pyrrolidinylmethyl-alpha- phenylcyclopentylglycolate and 30% 1-ethyl-3-piperidyl-alpha-phenylcyclopentylglycolate. These compounds are structural isomers and have very similar pharmacological properties. The piperidine compound is the more potent of the two and the reason the mixture was used was because of ease of manufacture, however it is also possible to make the piperidine compound in its pure form, so there were ultimately two forms of Ditran used in research, the original 70/30 mix, and "Ditran-B", the pure piperidine compound. Ditran was developed during chemical weapons research in an attempt to produce non-lethal incapacitating agents, similar to QNB itself. The ditran mixture is more potent as an anticholinergic than the piperidyl benzilate drugs such as N-methyl-3-piperidyl benzilate, but is less potent than QNB.
There has been a modest amount of scientific research using this mixture, but most modern research using these kind of anticholinergic drugs uses N-methyl-3-piperidyl benzilate due to its wider availability.

</doc>
<doc id="18549999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18549999" title="Dzhrashen">
Dzhrashen

Dzhrashen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18550003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550003" title="Behavioral theories of depression">
Behavioral theories of depression

There are numerous theories of depression, even within the sub-field of Behavioral psychology. This article discusses the theoretical underpinnings of several behavioral therapies.
Behavioral Activation.
Behavioral Activation (BA) is an idiographic and functional approach to depression. It argues that people with depression act in ways that maintain the depression such as avoidant behavior. Treatment revolves around discovering the contingencies that lead to maintenance of the depression and experimentation with changing one's behaviors according to an agreed upon plan. BA uses functional analysis to identify the three-term contingency of antecedents, behaviors, and consequences.
Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy.
Practitioners using Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy (CBT) are likely to believe that depression has its roots in negative cognitions. Aaron Beck attributed depression to a cognitive triad: a negative view of self, the world, and the future. Cognitive biases may also exist which cause situations to be interpreted in skewed way (e.g. overgeneralization, magnification, personalization, selective abstraction, arbitrary inference, and categorical/dichotomous thinking). These result in a pessimistic explanatory style -- that is, seeing problems as one's fault, as permanent, and as pervasive. Depression can be resolved by changing one's pattern of thinking, although this requires both cognitive restructuring as well as some behavior modification such as desensitization or exposure therapy to overcome avoidance.

</doc>
<doc id="18550025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550025" title="Cerebral vasculitis">
Cerebral vasculitis

Cerebral vasculitis or central nervous system vasculitis (sometimes the word angiitis is used instead of "vasculitis") is vasculitis (inflammation of the blood vessel wall) involving the brain and occasionally the spinal cord. It may produce a wide range of neurological symptoms, such as headache, difficulty moving or coordinating part of the body, changes in sensation, and alterations in perception, thought or behaviour, as well as the phenomena of a mass lesion in the brain leading to coma and herniation. Some of its symptoms may resemble multiple sclerosis. 10% have associated cerebral hemorrhage.
Causes.
"Primary" CNS vasculitis is said to be present if there is no underlying cause. More commonly, the disease occurs in the setting of other medical conditions: infections, other forms of systemic vasculitis such as Wegener's granulomatosis or polyarteritis nodosa, connective tissue diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and rheumatoid arthritis, particular medications and drugs (amphetamine, cocaine and heroin), certain forms of cancer (particularly lymphomas, leukemia and lung cancer) and Behçet's disease. It may imitate, and is in turn imitated by, a number of other diseases that affect the blood vessels of the brain diffusely such as fibromuscular dysplasia and thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Diagnosis and treatment.
Cerebral angiography and magnetic resonance imaging, and ultimately biopsy of the brain, are often required for its diagnosis. Once confirmed, various tests are often performed to establish whether the vasculitis is primary or the result of an underlying cause. Treatment is with glucocorticoids, often with additional immunosuppression with medication such as cyclophosphamide to decrease the immune system's attack on the body's own tissues. Cerebral vasculitis is a very rare condition that is difficult to diagnose, and as a result there are significant variations in the way it is diagnosed and treated.

</doc>
<doc id="18550033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550033" title="Financial inclusion">
Financial inclusion

Financial inclusion or inclusive financing is the delivery of financial services at affordable costs to sections of disadvantaged and low-income segments of society, in contrast to financial exclusion where those services are not available or affordable. An estimated 2.5 billion working-age adults globally have no access to the types of formal financial services delivered by regulated financial institutions. For example in Sub-Saharan Africa only 24% of adults have a bank account even though Africa's formal financial sector has grown in recent years. It is argued that as banking services are in the nature of public good; the availability of banking and payment services to the entire population without discrimination is the prime objective of financial inclusion public policy.
Goals.
The term "financial inclusion" has gained importance since the early 2000s, a result of findings about financial exclusion and its direct correlation to poverty. The United Nations defines the goals of financial inclusion as follows:
Former United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan, on 29 December 2003, said: ”The stark reality is that most poor people in the world still lack access to sustainable financial services, whether it is savings, credit or insurance. The great challenge before us is to address the constraints that exclude people from full participation in the financial sector. Together, we can and must build inclusive financial sectors that help people improve their lives.” More recently, Alliance for Financial Inclusion (AFI) Executive Director Alfred Hannig highlighted on 24 April 2013 progress in financial inclusion during the IMF-World Bank 2013 Spring Meetings: "Financial inclusion is no longer a fringe subject. It is now recognized as an important part of the mainstream thinking on economic development based on country leadership."
The Alliance for Financial Inclusion.
The Alliance for Financial Inclusion (AFI) is the world's largest and most prominent network of financial inclusion policymakers from developing and emerging economies who work together to increase access to appropriate financial services for the poor. AFI's core mission is to adopt and expand effective inclusive financial policies in developing nations in an effort to lift 2.5 billion impoverished, unbanked citizens out of poverty. AFI was founded in 2008 as a Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation-funded project, supported by AusAid, in order to advance the development of smart financial inclusion policy in developing and emerging countries. The AFI Network has grown to more than 105 institutions from 88 member nations from 2008 to 2013. AFI hosts its landmark, annual Global Policy Forum (GPF) as the keystone event for its membership. During the 2011 GPF, the network adopted the Maya Declaration, a set of common principles and goals for financial inclusion policy development. AFI uses a "polylateral development" model to contrast and compare successful financial inclusion policies, focusing on a peer-to-peer system rather than a top-down or North-to-South learning model.
The United Nations and financial inclusion.
In partnership with the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development, the UN aims to increase financial inclusion of the poor by developing appropriate financial products for them and increasing awareness on available financial services and strengthening financial literacy, particularly amongst women. The UN's financial inclusion product is financed by the United Nations Development Programme.
Financial inclusion in India.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) set up the Khan Commission in 2004 to look into financial inclusion and the recommendations of the commission were incorporated into the mid-term review of the policy (2005–06). In the report RBI exhorted the banks with a view to achieving greater financial inclusion to make available a basic "no-frills" banking account. In India, financial inclusion first featured in 2005, when it was introduced by K.C. Chakraborthy, the chairman of Indian Bank. Mangalam became the first village in India where all households were provided banking facilities. Norms were relaxed for people intending to open accounts with annual deposits of less than Rs. 50,000. General credit cards (GCCs) were issued to the poor and the disadvantaged with a view to help them access easy credit. In January 2006, the Reserve Bank permitted commercial banks to make use of the services of non-governmental organizations (NGOs/SHGs), micro-finance institutions, and other civil society organizations as intermediaries for providing financial and banking services. These intermediaries could be used as business facilitators or business correspondents by commercial banks. The bank asked the commercial banks in different regions to start a 100% financial inclusion campaign on a pilot basis. As a result of the campaign, states or union territories like Puducherry, Himachal Pradesh and Kerala announced 100% financial inclusion in all their districts. Reserve Bank of India’s vision for 2020 is to open nearly 600 million new customers' accounts and service them through a variety of channels by leveraging on IT. However, illiteracy and the low income savings and lack of bank branches in rural areas continue to be a roadblock to financial inclusion in many states and there is inadequate legal and financial structure.
In India, RBI has initiated several measures to achieve greater financial inclusion,such as facilitating no-frills accounts and
GCCs for small deposits and credit. Some of these steps are:
Opening of no-frills accounts: Basic banking no-frills account is with nil or very low minimum balance as well as charges that
make such accounts accessible to vast sections of the population. Banks have been advised to provide small overdrafts in such accounts.
Relaxation on know-your-customer (KYC) norms:KYC requirements for opening bank accounts were relaxed for small accounts in August 2005, thereby simplifying procedures by stipulating that introduction by an account holder who has been subjected to the full KYC drill would suffice for opening such accounts.The banks were also permitted to take any evidence as to the identity and address of the customer to their satisfaction. It has now been further relaxed to include the letters issued by the Unique Identification Authority of India containing details of name, address and Aadhaar number.
Engaging business correspondents (BCs):In January 2006, RBI permitted banks to engage business facilitators (BFs) and BCs as intermediaries for providing financial and banking services. The BC model allows banks to provide doorstep delivery of services, especially cash in-cash out transactions, thus addressing the last-mile problem. The list of eligible individuals and entities that can be engaged as BCs is being widened from time to time. With effect from September 2010, for-profit companies have also been allowed to be engaged as BCs. India map of Financial Inclusion by MIX provides more insights on this.
Use of technology:Recognizing that technology has the potential to address the issues of outreach and credit delivery in rural and remote areas in a viable manner,banks have been advised to make effective use of information and communications technology (ICT), to provide doorstep banking services through the BC model where the accounts can be operated by even illiterate customers by using biometrics, thus ensuring the security of transactions and enhancing confidence in the banking system.
Adoption of EBT: Banks have been advised to implement EBT by leveraging ICT-based banking through BCs to transfer social benefits electronically to the bank account of the beneficiary and deliver government benefits to the doorstep of the beneficiary, thus reducing dependence on cash and lowering transaction costs.
GCC:With a view to helping the poor and the disadvantaged with access to easy credit, banks have been asked to consider introduction of a general purpose credit card facility up to `25,000 at their rural and semi-urban branches. The objective of
the scheme is to provide hassle-free credit to banks’ customers based on the assessment of cash flow without insistence on security, purpose or end use of the credit. This is in the nature of revolving credit entitling the holder to withdraw up to the limit sanctioned.
Simplified branch authorization:To address the issue of uneven spread of bank branches, in December 2009, domestic scheduled commercial banks were permitted to freely open branches in tier III to tier VI centres with a population of less than 50,000 under general permission, subject to reporting. In the north-eastern states and Sikkim, domestic scheduled commercial banks can now open branches in rural,semi-urban and urban centres without the need to take permission from RBI in each case, subject to reporting.
Opening of branches in unbanked rural centres: To further step up the opening of branches in rural areas so as to improve banking penetration and financial inclusion rapidly, the need for the opening of more bricks and mortar branches, besides the use of BCs, was felt. Accordingly, banks have been mandated in the April monetary policy statement to allocate at least 25% of the total number of branches to be opened during a year to unbanked rural centres.
Financial Inclusion Index.
On June 25, 2013, CRISIL, India's leading credit rating and research company launched an index to measure the status of financial inclusion in India. The index- Inclusix- along with a report, was released by the Finance Minister of India, P. Chidambaram at a widely covered program at New Delhi. CRISIL Inclusix is a one-of-its-kind tool to measure the extent of inclusion in India, right down to each of the 632 districts. CRISIL Inclusix is a relative index on a scale of 0 to 100, and combines three critical parameters of basic banking services — branch penetration, deposit penetration, and credit penetration —into one metric.
The report highlights many hitherto unknown facets of inclusion in India. It contains the first regional, state-wise, and district-wise assessments of financial inclusion ever published, and the first analysis of trends in inclusion over a three-year timeframe. Some key conclusions from the study are:
Controversy.
Financial inclusion in India is often closely connected to the aggressive micro credit policies that were introduced without the appropriate regulations oversight or consumer education policies. The result was consumers becoming quickly over-indebted to the point of committing suicide, lending institutions saw repayment rates collapse after politicians in one of the country's largest states called on borrowers to stop paying back their loans, threatening the existence of the entire 4 billion a year Indian microcredit industry. This crisis has often been compared to the mortgage lending crisis in the US.
The challenge for those working in the financial inclusion field has been to separate micro-credit as only one aspect of the larger financial inclusion efforts and use the Indian crisis as an example of the importance of having the appropriate regulatory and educational policy framework in place.
Tracking Financial Inclusion through Budget Analysis.
While financial inclusion is an important issue, it may also be interesting to assess whether such inclusion as earmarked in policies are actually reaching the common beneficiaries. Since the 1990s, there has been serious efforts both in the government agencies and in the civil society to monitor the fund flow process and to track the outcome of public expenditure through budget tracking. Organisations like International Budget Partnership (IBP) are undertaking global surveys in more than 100 countries to study the openness (transparency) in budget making process. There are various tools used by different civil society groups to track public expenditure. Such tools may include performance monitoring of public services, social audit and public accountability surveys. In India, the institutionalisation of Right to information (RTI) has been a supporting tool for activists and citizen groups for budget tracking and advocacy for social inclusion.

</doc>
<doc id="18550042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550042" title="Selective abstraction">
Selective abstraction

In clinical psychology, selective abstraction is a type of cognitive bias in which a detail is taken out of context and believed whilst everything else in the context is ignored. It commonly appears in Aaron Beck's work in cognitive therapy. Another definition is, "focusing
on only the negative aspects of an event, such as, ‘I ruined the whole recital because of that one mistake’" "Also known to be a cognitive distortion in generalized anxiety disorder, "when a person makes a judgment based on some information but disregards other information. Example: Someone attends a party and afterward focuses on the one awkward look directed her way and ignores the hours of smiles." [http://gad.about.com/od/treatment/a/cognitivedist.htm].
Cognitive Errors.
Anxiety.
Selective abstraction is also related to child depression. For instance, a team of researchers analyzed the association between cognitive errors in youths with anxiety disorders by using the Children’s Negative Cognitive Error Questionnaire (CNCEQ) and "several other self-reporting measures" (Children’s Depression Inventory, 
Childhood Anxiety Sensitivity Index, Revised Children’s Manifest Anxiety Scale, and the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory for Children-Trait Version). This particular test measured four cognitive distortions through four distinct subscales in order to "demonstrated acceptable internal consistency, test–retest reliability, and construct validity estimates" By assessing the CNCEQ, the researchers found that "measures of anxiety (i.e., trait anxiety, manifest anxiety, and anxiety sensitivity) and their cognitive errors (i.e., catastrophizing, overgeneralization, personalizing, and "selective abstraction")" had significant connections with the depressed child participants" 
Depression.
Selective abstraction has also been linked to depression, in some scientific studies. Cognitive Behavioral researcher Maric, M., Heyne discovered "consistent findings have emerged with respect to the presence of speciﬁc cognitive errors in anxiety versus depression. ‘Selective abstraction’ is more commonly associated with depression than with anxiety" 

</doc>
<doc id="18550051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550051" title="Arbitrary inference">
Arbitrary inference

In clinical psychology, arbitrary inference is a type of cognitive bias in which a person quickly draws a conclusion without the requisite evidence. It commonly appears in Aaron Beck's work in cognitive therapy.

</doc>
<doc id="18550056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550056" title="Heracleum persicum">
Heracleum persicum

Heracleum persicum, commonly known as Golpar () or Persian Hogweed, is a flowering plant in the family Apiaceae, native to Iran. It grows wild in humid mountainous regions in Iran, as well in some adjacent areas.
Having been introduced in the 1830s, it is now very common in northern Norway, where it is known as the "Tromsø palm".
The plant has also been spotted in Jönköping, Sweden.
Uses.
Food uses.
The seeds are used as a spice in Persian cooking. The very thin, small seedpods are aromatic and slightly bitter. They are usually sold in powdered form and are often erroneously sold as "Angelica Seeds." The powder is sprinkled over broad beans, lentils and other legumes and on potatoes. Golpar is also used in soups and stews. It is often used sprinkled over pomegranate seeds. Golpar is also mixed with vinegar into which lettuce leaves are dipped before eating.
Golpar can be used in small amounts (1 or 2 tsp per pound) when cooking beans to reduce the effect of gas in the digestive tract associated with consuming beans.
In Persian cuisine, the petals are used in the spice mixture "advieh" to flavor rice dishes, as well as in chicken and bean dishes.
The tender leaves and leaf stalks are also pickled (known as "golpar toraei", ).

</doc>
<doc id="18550061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550061" title="Ram Page">
Ram Page

The Ram Page is the weekly student paper at Angelo State University. It was founded in 1936, eight years after the founding of the university. Its newsroom is located on the third floor of the university library.
Alumni from the "Ram Page" have gone on to write for the "Austin American-Statesman", "The Dallas Morning News", the Associated Press, E. W. Scripps Company, the "San Angelo Standard-Times", and many other national and regional papers. Two alumni have been seated on the Pulitzer prize board.
The "Ram Page" is not affiliated with Angelo State's student-produced satirical paper, the "Ramdiculous Page".

</doc>
<doc id="18550062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550062" title="U. E. Baughman">
U. E. Baughman

Urbanus Edmund Baughman (21 May 1905 – 6 November 1978) was the chief of the United States Secret Service between 1948 and 1961, under Presidents Truman, Eisenhower, and Kennedy.
Baughman was the first Secret Service Chief to pen a memoir concerning the office he held. Entitled "Secret Service Chief", it was a veritable tell-all on the intricacies and inner workings of the Secret Service and its evolution from a counterfeit detection department to the presidential protection unit.
Baughman was appointed to head the Secret Service by President Harry S. Truman shortly after the 1948 election. According to the book "American Gunfight", by Stephen Hunter and John Bainbridge Jr., Truman dismissed Baughman's predecessor James J. Maloney in part because he had dispatched most of Truman's Secret Service detail to New York to prepare to guard New York Gov. Thomas E. Dewey. Dewey was widely expected to be elected president but was beaten by Truman in the greatest upset in presidential election history.
Personal statements.
Life of the President.
Baughman gave a description of the job of the president to the senate appropriations committee:
President cannot have what is considered a normal life, home or family relationship. He has no choice as to where he lives. He is a focal point for public and world attention. He is a slave to his office, being obliged to serve his country without cease at all hours and every day of the year. He can have very little privacy. If he has young children, they are largely governed by protocol and cannot enjoy the freedom of the White House as they would a normal home.
Threats to the President.
Baughman was interviewed by "Time" magazine and in an article dated April 20, 1953 he described the Secret Service's biggest fear as, "escaped mental patients who bear grudges against the President or the Government." Baughman admitted that in 1952 the United States Secret Service handled 2,535 presidential protection cases. Of these cases, 74 resulted in arrests, and 72 of those were sent to prison or mental institutions.
Organized crime.
In an interview with "The Washington Post" published on July 26, 1961, the day after his retirement was announced, Baughman emphatically stated that there had been no mafia in the United States for forty years. He further denied the existence of a national crime syndicate based on talks with other law enforcement officials.
Kennedy Assassination.
Baughman was immediately critical of the methods used by the Secret Service following the assassination of President Kennedy. He wanted to know why, after the first shot was fired, the Secret Service did not immediately pepper the window with machine gun fire to prevent any further shots from being fired. He was also curious as to why, with an entire Secret Service detail and the Dallas Police Force on hand, the only shots that were fired were from the assassin. He claimed it was basic training for all Secret Service agents that unauthorized people should be kept out of buildings.
Media appearances.
A notoriously private person for much of his life, Baughman appeared on the show "What's My Line?" on November 27, 1955, the week before he was to be honored by the White House and would appear in "Look" magazine.
Death.
Baughman died on November 6, 1978 from arteriosclerotic heart disease at the Community Memorial Hospital in Tom's River, NJ. He is buried in Arlington Cemetery in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania along with his parents and wife Ruth, who died in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18550096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550096" title="Cross Country (novel)">
Cross Country (novel)

Cross Country is the fourteenth novel in the Alex Cross series by James Patterson. According to the "Library Journal" it was the second most borrowed fiction book in United States libraries in 2009.
Plot.
An African warlord known as the Tiger, aided by his crew of angry young men, horrifically murders author Eleanor 'Ellie' Cox and her entire family. Alex Cross and girlfriend Bree Stone go investigate, when Alex recalls Ellie had been his one time girlfriend, whom he had loved at one point. He is instantly terrified by this so much he gets no sleep, does no work for the case, and stays up late at night, sitting in his bed. He then figures out the Tiger's next murder, and arrives on time to stop the Tiger and his gang of kids, where most of the villains escape including the Tiger and most of his gang. After gaining access from the CIA he plans on going to Nigeria, where he hopes to find and stop the Tiger, using the knowledge based on the Tiger's whereabouts. After convincing a bitter Nanna and nervous Bree, he goes on a plane trip to Nigeria, where he is annoyed by their customs. He is then kidnapped by 'cops' and put in jail, where his nose is broken, he is horribly injured, and starves as well as having to deal with no water. After nearly three days or more, he is bailed out by American Ian Flaherty who gives Cross advice to flee while he still can. He is then called by Bree who says there has been another murder by the Tiger.
Instead of listening to Flaherty, Cross instead goes to Sudan, where he meets veteran, Moses, who feeds him and gives him water. Later that night, Cross, when alone by himself, is ambushed by the Tiger's gang, however, he escapes with Moses' help and buys a truck which he later gives to Moses. Father Bomata, a priest whom he met during the plane ride to Nigeria, informs him his cousin, Addane Tansi, may be able to help Alex, who meets Addane, a reporter who had, unbeknownst to Alex, befriended Ellie, whom had gone to Nigeria some time before her death. Addane introduces Alex to her family and shares a kiss with him, which he refuses to think of because of Bree; Flaherty later reveals that the Tiger's real name is Abidemi Swonade. Alex and Addane go to a hobo camp where they are attacked by Janjaweed, ruthless men who rape, injure, and kill women and children. After barely escaping due to the 'Peacekeepers' who only do it so they gain no bad publicity, especially by Addane. After returning to Nigeria, Cross and Addane discover that Addane's family have been murdered. When trying to get closer, Cross and Addane are taken to jail by cops. Alex witnesses Addane get murdered by Tiger, after being raped, is released afterwards.
Heading back to Washington, he is annoyed by all that has happened. After the course of events, many more murders have occurred. Heading home, he learns that Alex's family have been kidnapped by the Tiger, who then gives Alex coordinates to the hideout. Alex, Bree, and allie, John Sampson, go and defeat the Tiger's gang, while Alex follows Swonade (Tiger) whom nearly overpowers him, bit Alex kills the Tiger. Ian Flaherty is revealed to be working with Swonade and is arrested. Shortly afterward, his family are found; Alex instantly thinks the CIA might have worked with the Tiger. Alex calls upon Merrill Synder and Steven Millard, from the CIA, and arrests them, after discovering they and Flaherty were associated with Tiger. The book ends as Alex gets an alarming phone call from Kyle Craig, who has escaped from prison and wants revenge on Alex Cross, after the events in the previous book.
Sequels.
A sequel was released on August 29, 2009 and was titled "Alex Cross' Trial" and was followed by six others featuring Cross, "I, Alex Cross", "Cross Fire", "Kill Alex Cross", "Merry Christmas, Alex Cross", "Alex Cross, Run", and "Cross My Heart".
Reception.
The novel has received a mostly negative response, and maintains a 2.5 rating (out of a possible five) on Amazon.com. Several critics have attacked the story's graphic scenes of violence and torture, and also claiming that the prose style is of a very low standard. While most negative, not all reception was negative, FantasticFiction.com has stated that "Cross Country" " The most heart-stopping, speed-charged, electrifying Alex Cross thriller yet." BestsellrrsWorld also expressed that: "Intense, suspensful, emotionally charged. . . One of Paterson's best novels to date." The book has hit the #1 "New York Times Bestseller" for many weeks, but was later outbeaten; it also managed to score a #1 on both "Publisher" and "Entertaintment Weekly", though it got a #2 at the Wall Street Journal.

</doc>
<doc id="18550120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550120" title="Dickson Despommier">
Dickson Despommier

Dickson D. Despommier (born June 5, 1940) is a microbiologist, ecologist and Professor of Public Health in Environmental Health Sciences at Columbia University. He conducts research on intracellular parasitism and teaches courses on Parasitic Diseases, Medical Ecology and Ecology. In recent years, Despommier has received considerable media coverage for his ideas on vertical farming. He developed his concept of vertical farming with graduate students in a medical ecology class in 1999, with work continued by Ontarian eco-architects like Gordon Graff from the University of Waterloo's School of Architecture.
Despommier is also co-host of two popular podcasts along with Vincent Racaniello, namely TWIV (This Week in Virology) and TWIP (This Week in Parasitism).
Publications.
West Nile Story. Apple Trees Productions, LLC. 2000 ISBN 978-0-9700027-2-6 (Kindle version, only); 
Parasitic Diseases 5th ed. 2005. Apple Trees Productions, LLC Despommier, DD., Gwadz, R.G., Hotez, PJ., Knirsch, C.A. ISBN 0-9700027-7-7 (out of print); 
People, Parasites, and Plowshares. Columbia University Press, 2013 (in press) 

</doc>
<doc id="18550134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550134" title="Haska Mina District">
Haska Mina District

Haska Mina (Dih Bala) (Pashto: هسکه مېنه) is a district in the south of Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, bordering on Pakistan. Its population, which is 100% Pashtoon, was estimated at 50,595 in 2002, of whom 20,200 were children under 12. The district centre is Haska Mina.

</doc>
<doc id="18550144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550144" title="Mikhail Vasilyev">
Mikhail Vasilyev

Mikhail Nikolayevich Vasilyev () (1770 – June 23, 1847) was a Russian explorer and vice admiral of the Imperial Russian Navy. He is reputed for having surveyed the then little-known coast of Alaska as navigator. Vasiliev was sent by the Russian Imperial Hydrographic Service in 1819 to explore the northern parts of the Pacific ocean and particularly the area around the Bering strait. Certain geographic features of the Alaskan coast, like the Lindenberg Peninsula and Sealion Island were named by him in the maps that were subsequently published.
In 1820 Mikhail Vasiliev on the ship "Otkrytiye" entered the Chukchi Sea and explored the coast of Alaska from Kotzebue Sound to Icy Cape and later from Norton Sound to Cape Newenham. He was accompanied by Gleb Shishmaryov, who was in command of the ship "Blagonamereniye". After these surveys, in which he is credited to be the first European having sighted Nunivak Island, Vasiliev sailed to Petropavlovsk and returned to Kronstadt, arriving there on August 2, 1822.
Ensign Mikhail Nikolaievich Vasiliev should not be confused with navigator Ivan Vasilyev or with another Captain Vasiliev or Vasilief about whom Adam Johann von Krusenstern says
It is much to be regretted that the hydrographic works of a naval officer, Vasilief, who was in the employment of the American Company, were lost... Provided with a sextant and chronometer and with much zeal and attachment for his profession, he had during his sojourn in our American colonies made a complete survey of all of the Aleutian Islands without having had specific instructions to do so. Unfortunately he was drowned in Okhotsk harbor on his return from America to Russia, and what became of his precious papers and drawings is unknown. He is not to be confounded with the Captain (Mikhail Nikolaievich) Vasilief...
Vasilyev's name is spelt as "Vasilief" in the United States, where Vasilief Bay in Atka and Cape Vasilyev in Nunivak Island were named after him by Captain Fyodor Petrovich Litke; Cape Vasilyev was later renamed "Cape Corwin" by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names in 1909. There are other geographic features in the coast of Alaska and the Aleutians bearing the name "Vasilief", but it is not clear after which Vasilyev they were named.

</doc>
<doc id="18550154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550154" title="Hana">
Hana

Hana may refer to:
Entertainment.
In Fiction:
People with the name.
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="18550160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550160" title="Edward Barrow">
Edward Barrow

Edward Barrow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18550182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550182" title="Biomarker Insights">
Biomarker Insights

Biomarker Insights is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal focusing on biomarkers and their clinical applications. The journal aims to be a venue for rapid communications in the field.
The journal was founded in 2006, and is published by Libertas Academica. The editor in chief is Stephen F. Kingsmore.
Indexing.
The journal is indexed in:

</doc>
<doc id="18550192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550192" title="Shweta Mohan">
Shweta Mohan

Biography.
Shweta Mohan is an Indian playback singer. She has sung in Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Hindi languages.Sung for over 50 movies in Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu and Kannada. She is the daughter of renowned singer Sujatha Mohan.
Shweta has rendered her voice for some of the most celebrated music directors in India like Illayaraja, A. R. Rahman,Ousepachan, M. Jayachandran, Deepak Dev, Harris Jayaraj, Yuvan Shankar Raja, Sharreth, Johnson, G. V. Prakash, Mani Sharma, Vidyasagar, Kannan, N. R. Raghunanthan, Manikanth Kadri and Devi Sri Prasad.
Personal Life.
Shwetha is married to Ashwin on 16 January 2011. Ashwin is an engineer who works in United States.
Awards.
Kerala State Film Awards:
Filmfare Awards South:
Asianet Film Awards:
Mirchi Music Awards South:
Vijay Music Awards:
Personal life.
Shweta is married to Ashwin Shashi.

</doc>
<doc id="18550197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550197" title="Blue Hill Avenue">
Blue Hill Avenue

Blue Hill Avenue is a 2001 American crime film directed and written by Craig Ross, Jr., and starring Allen Payne. Ross Jr. also edited and executive produced the film.
Plot.
Four friends—Tristan (the leader), Simon (the right hand man), E-Bone (the hot head) and Money (the mediator)--are street smart kids growing up in the tough Roxbury section of Boston in the 1980s. Starting out as small-time dope dealers on Blue Hill Avenue in Roxbury, they eventually go to work for Benny, a major player in the Boston crime scene. As the four friends grow up and become the biggest dealers in the city, things become increasingly heated: Tristan's wife wants him to leave the business because she's pregnant, Tristan finds out his sister is hooked on drugs and is alienated from his family, Simon becomes obsessed with a near-death experience and expects to die, cops dog their tracks trying every trick in and out of the book to catch them, and Benny, their main supplier, wants them out of the business for good. Worse, it becomes clear one of the four is trying to sell the others out to the cops. In the end, Tristan faces Benny down, after losing his friends, and is able to get out of the business—and the life—for good.
Awards & nominations.
2001 Acapulco Black Film Festival
2002 Black Reel Awards
2001 Urbanworld Film Festival

</doc>
<doc id="18550200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550200" title="Surat Huseynov">
Surat Huseynov

Surat or Suret Davud oglu Huseynov (; born 12 February 1959, Ganja) is an Azerbaijani colonel and ex-Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, who rose to prominence during the Nagorno-Karabakh War. His military successes led, in 1993, to his rise to Prime Minister and later prison term.
Prior to the war.
After serving in the army in 1977–1979 and later graduating from the Leninabad Technological Institute, Surat Huseynov worked as a plumber, a warehouse employee and an assistant operator at the Kirovabad Textile Factory. In 1983–1984 he resided in Novopavlovsk, Russia. For the next two years he worked as a wool sorter at a storing department in Shaki, Azerbaijan. In 1986 he became senior inspector of a textile factory in Yevlakh and was promoted to manager just before the war. He was considered one of key figures in Soviet Azerbaijan's black market and was known for having funded the sovereigntist Popular Front of Azerbaijan in the late Soviet era. He is married and has two children.
Nagorno-Karabakh War.
At the dawn of the conflict in 1990, Huseynov formed an armed group supported by the local Soviet Ground Forces division. He has been reported to have originated the group in Yevlakh. In summer 1992, his detachment took part in the Azerbaijani offensive which led to the capture of Mardakert on 4 July 1992. Two days prior to that President Abulfaz Elchibey appointed Huseynov his official representative in Nagorno-Karabakh and the neighbouring regions. In winter 1992–1993, when at the time Azerbaijani Minister of Defence Rahim Gaziyev ordered troops out of Haterk (a village near Mardakert), Huseynov relocated his detachments to Ganja and refused to disband them. As a result, Mardakert fell to Armenians in February 1993. Elchibey responded by removing Huseynov from the government.
During this period, Huseynov received extensive support from the leadership of the 104th Guards Airborne Division of the Soviet Airborne Troops headquartered in Ganja. This was due not only to the good personal relationship between them, but also because Huseynov was pro-Russian and did not conceal his feelings. At the end of May 1993 the last sub-units of the 104th Division left Azerbaijan, eventually to be relocated to Ulyanovsk in Russia, but handed over all their arms and military equipment to Huseynov.
Ganja revolt.
The Popular Front of Azerbaijan blamed Huseynov for treason and for intentionally ceding the villages around Mardakert to Armenians (allowing their advance into Kalbajar region) to benefit Russian geopolitical interests in the region. After the remaining Soviet turned Russian troops left Ganja on 28 May 1993, President Elchibey initiated a military operation called "Tufan" aimed at arresting Huseynov and disarming his detachments. Elchibey deployed 4,000 troops led by Minister of Defence Dadash Rzayev, Commander of Internal Forces Fahmin Hajiyev and Attorney General Ikhtiyar Shirinov to Ganja. On 4 June 1993, at 6 o'clock in the morning, the two groups confronted each other, however not only did the Presidential Guard fail to disarm Huseynov, but the latter quickly defeated it. The number of casualties on both sides, as well as among civilians, was 69. Attorney General Ikhtiyar Shirinov among others was taken hostage, while Dadash Rzayev and Fahmin Hajiyev fled Ganja. Surat Huseynov demanded that Ikhtiyar Shirinov signed a warrant for President Elchibey's arrest on grounds of conspiracy, murder, and abuse of power, which was exercised immediately. Within several days Huseynov extended his control onto the neighbouring regions without meeting any opposition and started advancing toward the capital city of Baku. Upon Huseynov's approach on 18 June, Elchibey secretly fled the capital to his native village of Kalaki in Nakhchivan. Heydar Aliyev who had just returned to Baku from Nakhchivan City and was elected Chairman of the Supreme Council of Azerbaijan on 15 June, was subsequently voted to take over presidency in the country. On 27–29 June, Aliyev negotiated with Surat Huseynov, and as a result the latter agreed to stop his advance on the capital city in exchange to becoming Prime Minister of Azerbaijan with extensive authority over the Ministry of National Security of Azerbaijan, Ministry of Defence and Ministry of Internal Affairs. On 30 June, the National Assembly of Azerbaijan elected Huseynov to the requested office.
Escape, conviction and later release.
Surat Huseynov, now Prime Minister, reportedly expressed dissatisfaction with Heydar Aliyev signing the so-called "Contract of the Century" with the international oil consortium AIOC, which allowed Western companies to extract Azerbaijani oil in the Caspian Sea. According to Huseynov, such infringement of Russian interests in the region would not lead to positive outcomes for Azerbaijan. Some saw that as a manifestation of Huseynov's pro-Russian agenda which went back to his active contacts with Russian military commanders in 1990–1993. On 5 October 1994 the riot squads reportedly accompanied by Huseynov's units attempted a coup d'état, supported by the military, against Aliyev, which was immediately suppressed. Huseynov fled to Russia. Negotiations with the Russian government resulted in Huseynov's extradition to Azerbaijan on 26 March 1997, where he was charged with treason and attempted coup, among other crimes. Interestingly, the arrest was performed simultaneously with the signing of the Treaty of Friendship and Cooperation between Azerbaijan and Russia, and a contract by which the Russian oil company LUKoil was to exploit the oil field of Yalama. On 15 February 1999, Surat Huseynov was sentenced to life in prison (highest form of punishment in Azerbaijan). In 2004, under pressure from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, President Ilham Aliyev pardoned him. Huseynov was released and now lives a secluded life in the town of Buzovna, near Baku.

</doc>
<doc id="18550201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550201" title="Cancer Informatics">
Cancer Informatics

Cancer Informatics is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal focusing on the application of computational biology to cancer research. It was established in 2005 and is published by Libertas Academica. The editor in chief is J. T. Efird.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:

</doc>
<doc id="18550223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550223" title="Graeme Snooks">
Graeme Snooks

Graeme Donald Snooks (born 1944 in Perth, Western Australia) is a systems theorist and stratologist who has developed a general dynamic theory to explain complex living systems. His resulting "dynamic-strategy theory" has been employed to analyse the fluctuating fortunes of life over the past 4,000 million years (myrs) and of human society over the past 2 myrs; to analyse contemporary economic problems (inflation, financial crises, climate change ); to explore socio-political issues (population expansion, the emergence of democracy, the "clash of civilizations"); to analyse the emergence, operation, and malfunction of the mind; and to make scientific predictions about the future. New discoveries emerging from Snooks' publications include: the logological constant (akin to the cosmological constant), the Snooks–Panov Vertical, and, most importantly, the strategic "logos". His body of work challenges the existing paradigms of orthodox (neo-classical) economics, climate-mitigation economics, Marxism, neo-Darwinism, evolutionary psychology, self-organisation theory, and all other supply-side systems. 
For twenty-one years, from 1989 to 2010, Graeme Snooks was the foundation Coghlan Research Professor of Economics in the Institute of Advanced Studies at the Australian National University. Currently he is the Executive Director of both the Institute of Global Dynamic Systems and IGDS Books in Canberra. He was educated at Mount Lawley Senior High School (1957–1961), the University of Western Australia (BEc,1966; MEc, 1968), and the Australian National University (PhD, 1972). Professor Snooks has been elected Fellow of the Australian Academy of Social Sciences (1991), Fellow of the Royal Historical Society (UK) (1990), and Fellow of the Russian Academy of Humanities (2006).
Books and articles.
Professor Snooks has published more than 20 books, including: "Depression and Recovery" (1974), "Domesday Economy" (with J. McDonald) (1986), "Economics Without Time" (1993), "Historical Analysis in Economics" (1993), "Portrait of the Family within the Total Economy" (1994), "Was the Industrial Revolution Necessary?", (1994), "The Dynamic Society" (1996), "The Ephemeral Civilization" (1997), "The Laws of History" (1998), "Longrun Dynamics" (1998), "Global Transition" (1999), "The Global Crisis Makers" (2000), "The Collapse of Darwinism" (2003), "The Selfcreating Mind" (2006), "The Coming Eclipse, or The Triumph of Climate Mitigation Over Solar Revolution" (2010), and "The Death of Zarathustra. Notes on Truth for the Risk-Taker" (2011). Articles on the theory of complex living systems have been published by Snooks in "Advances in Space Research" (2005), "Complexity" (the journal of the Santa Fe Institute) (2008), and Social Evolution & History(2002, 2005, 2007). Currently he is completing "Ark of the Sun", a book that reveals the underlying reality of life - the strategic "logos" - the ultimate complex living system. Graeme Snooks is also exploring complex interactions between the great realist philosophers of the past and present.

</doc>
<doc id="18550252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550252" title="Evolutionary Bioinformatics">
Evolutionary Bioinformatics

Evolutionary Bioinformatics is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal focusing on computational biology in the study of evolution.
The journal was founded by the director of the New Zealand Bioinformatics Institute, Allen Rodrigo in 2005 and is currently edited by Dennis Wall, the Director of the Computational Biology Initiative at Harvard Medical School. The journal serves as the official publication of the institute, and is published by Libertas Academica.
Impact Factor.
Since 2008, Evolutionary Bioinformatics have an Impact Factor. Its value is 2.684. This represents a solid gain on the 2009 figure of 1.889. Journal Citation Reports show a total of 1368 citations. Within the Mathematical and Computational Biology category, Evolutionary Bioinformatics is ranked 8th out of 37 journals, placing it in the first quartile for the category.
Most Viewed Articles.
As per 3 July 2011 the three most viewed articles since the EB first publishing were:
1. R. Henrik Nilsson, Erik Kristiansson, Martin Ryberg, Nils Hallenberg and Karl ­Henrik Larsson. Intraspecific ITS Variability in the Kingdom Fungi as Expressed in the International Sequence Databases and Its Implications for Molecular Species Identification. Evolutionary Bioinformatics 2008:4 193-201. (9975 Views)
2. O. Bastien. A Simple Derivation of the Distribution of Pairwise Local Protein Sequence Alignment Scores. Evolutionary Bioinformatics 2008:4 41-45. (8094 Views)
3. Ludovic Orlando, Catherine Hänni and Christophe J. Douady. Mammoth and Elephant Phylogenetic Relationships: Mammut Americanum, the Missing Outgroup. Evolutionary Bioinformatics 2007:3 45-51 (7326 Views)
Indexing.
The journal is indexed in:

</doc>
<doc id="18550269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550269" title="Into the Pit (Fight album)">
Into the Pit (Fight album)

Into the Pit is a box set consisting of three CDs and one DVD, released by the band Fight, which was fronted by Judas Priest vocalist Rob Halford.
The box set was released as a normal edition and as a limited edition. Only 2500 copies are made of the limited edition, and they are numbered. Also included in the limited edition is a flyer signed by Rob Halford.
The box set includes Fight's two studio albums "War of Words" and "A Small Deadly Space" and the half-live, half-remixes EP "Mutations".
Track listing.
CD1: "War of Words" (Remixed and Remastered).
All tracks composed by Rob Halford. Remixed in 2007, by Roy Z, Re-mastered by Andy Horn.
CD2: "Mutations" (EP) (Remastered).
All tracks composed by Rob Halford except "Freewheel Burning" by Downing, Halford and Tipton.
Remixed in 2007, by Attie Bauw, Re-mastered by Andy Horn.
CD3: "A Small Deadly Space" (Remixed and Remastered).
All tracks composed by as shown above. Remixed in 2008, by Roy Z, Re-mastered by Maor Appelbaum.
DVD: "Live in Phoenix".
All tracks composed by Rob Halford.
Metal God 1993–1995 Footage

</doc>
<doc id="18550272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550272" title="Dragon Ball Collectible Card Game">
Dragon Ball Collectible Card Game

The Dragon Ball Collectible Card Game (Dragon Ball CCG) is a collectible card game based on the "Dragon Ball" franchise, first published by Bandai in July 2008. Specifically July 18, 2008.
The game was previously released in other countries before making its debut in the United States. The game features exclusive artwork from all 3 anime series never before seen in the U.S. The game has similarities to the other CCG created by Bandai, the Naruto Collectible Card Game.
So far there are Five sets, "Warriors Return", "The Awakening", "Destructive Fury", "Fusion", and "Clash of Sagas" available in Hobby Shops. Currently no retail stores (Walmart, Target, Toys-R-Us, ext) carry any products due to the failing market. Bandai also announced that there will no longer be any starter decks made for this game until Retail stores start carrying the product again. Additionally, the official hub for the game is no longer available on Bandai.com at least as of March 1, 2013.
Card Types and Rarity.
The game includes four different types of cards: warrior, technique, event, and wish. Warrior cards are the characters who fight in the game, such as Goku, Piccolo, Vegeta, Frieza, and Cell. The technique cards are various attacks that can be used against your opponent in battle, such as the Kamehameha and the Genki Dama (also referred to as the "Spirit Bomb"). Various events in the series are also used in the game to change the dynamics of a battle. The wish cards are cards based on wishes made in the series that can be used when the seven Dragon Balls are collected.
There are different types of cards by rarity: common, uncommon, rare, super rare, and starter-exclusive super rares. There are also gold cards and holographic cards in booster packs.
Styles.
The game features 5 different styles of cards: Super, Earth, Alien, Unique (mostly Namekian), and Villain.
Super.
Z Warriors. Examples: Goku, Krillin, Gohan, Yamcha, Trunks, Master Roshi,Vegeta, etc.
Earth.
Humans and Earthlings that are Z Warriors. Examples: Oolong, Chi-Chi, Puar, Ranfan, Hercule etc.
Alien.
Things not from Earth, Bad and Good
Villain.
Bad Guys from Earth. Examples: Android 17, Android 18, Android 19, Android 20, Cell, Emperor Pilaf, etc.
Unique.
A Group that does not fit in to one or more of the above:
Namekian/Evil Tribe = Alien yet have liven on Earth throughout DB, before knowing their origin. Examples: Piccolo, King Piccolo, Garlic Jr., Lord Slug, etc.
Majin/Brain Washed = So far, Earthlings controlled by Babidi. Later we will have Aliens controlled by Babidi. Examples: Yamu, Spopvich, etc.
Sets.
Warriors Return.
"Warriors Return" is the first set released of the game in the U.S. The set includes 113 cards and is based on only the Dragon Ball and Dragon Ball Z series. There are 2 starter decks (Goku and Frieza) with 30 cards each including super rare cards not found in booster packs and one of four special wish cards. The 10-card booster pack includes 1 holographic foil card, 1 gold-stamped rare, 2 uncommon, 6 common and in every 1 in 8 packs, a super rare foil card replaces the holographic foil card.
The Awakening.
"The Awakening" is the second set released in the U.S. It features 100 brand new cards that include more powerful versions of the characters from the first set (Super Saiyans - Powerful transformations). There are no starter decks in this set but will include the same 10-pack boosters with the same type of cards. It was released October 17, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="18550302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550302" title="It's Such a Pretty World Today">
It's Such a Pretty World Today

"It's Such a Pretty World Today" is the title of a popular song released in 1967. The song was written by songwriter Dale Noe.
The song was originally a country music single by singer Wynn Stewart. Although Stewart had previously hit the Top 40 on the "Billboard" US country chart with songs such as "Wishful Thinking" in 1960, "It's Such a Pretty World Today" would become his highest charting hit, peaking at No.1 on the country music chart for two weeks in the late spring of 1967. It was released as a single from his album of the same name that year.
Andy Russell version.
That same year, Mexican-American singer Andy Russell recorded a cover version of the song. Russell had enjoyed quite a bit of popularity in the U.S. throughout the 1940s and 1950s, recording songs such as "Bésame Mucho" and co-starring in a short-lived daily musical show with his then-wife, Della, on ABC from 1950-1951. After the couple divorced, Russell left the U.S. for many years, but he returned in the mid 1960s and tried resurrecting his singing career. Although his cover of "It's Such a Pretty World Today" failed to reach the "Billboard" Hot 100 pop chart (it "bubbled under", peaking at No. 119), it did spend one week at No. 1 on the adult contemporary chart, making the song the first to top the AC chart while not entering the pop chart. Russell died in 1992.
Other versions.
Other artists who have recorded cover versions of the song include: Loretta Lynn, whose version appears on her 1967 album "Singin' with Feelin'"; Nancy Sinatra, who also recorded the song in 1967 and included it on her album "Country, My Way"; and Marie Osmond, whose version appears on her 1973 album "Paper Roses". Sinatra's version of the song can be heard near the end of a second season episode of the AMC drama "Breaking Bad". Singer Mark Dinning reached #117 in the Record World Magazine charts.

</doc>
<doc id="18550304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550304" title="Fundacion Manantiales">
Fundacion Manantiales

Fundacion Manantiales (Manantiales Foundation) is a non-governmental organization, dedicated to the prevention and attendance of addictions. It has 9 seats in Argentina, Uruguay, Brazil and Spain with 14 welfare preventive programs, where around 300 people are daily attended. It was created 16 March 1993, in the city of San Isidro, Province of Buenos Aires (Argentina). It is a consulting member of the OAS and has subscribed an agreement with the UNDCP in Argentina and Uruguay, to offer workshops to prevent drugs in labor areas.
At present, 300 people from the different centers are under treatment. 
It has been the organizer in Argentina and Uruguay of the international prevention campaign “Winners don’t use drugs” and “I feel good without drugs” in which many important figures of the political, artistic and business areas joined against the addictions.
Manantiales Foundation created infodroga and infoanorexia, which are telephone information services, 24 hours a day and totally free for all the community. These services have had successful outcomes in the most developed countries and are installed in Buenos Aires and Montevideo (Uruguay).
Manantiales Foundation is the only institution in Argentina and Uruguay, that has recently subscribed an agreement with UNDCP and SESI (Social Service for Industries) from Brazil for the implementation of an international prevention program. This program is directed to institutions, communities and companies. The main objective is to give moral awareness about this problem, trying to find better and healthier choices for life, through the participation and commitment of employers and their employees.

</doc>
<doc id="18550309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550309" title="The Shelter Half">
The Shelter Half

The Shelter Half was a coffeehouse in Tacoma, Washington, from 1968 to 1974. Like its namesake, a Shelter-half is a simple tent to provide shelter, the Shelter Half's purpose was to provide a place for GIs at Fort Lewis military base in Washington State to resist the war in Vietnam. The GIs turned The Shelter Half into an anti-war headquarters, publishing underground anti-war newspapers, organizing boycotts, and leading peace marches.

</doc>
<doc id="18550322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550322" title="First Cut (TV series)">
First Cut (TV series)

First Cut was initially a strand of thirty half-hour primetime documentaries commissioned by Channel 4 Commissioning Editor for Documentaries, Sarah Mulvey. It was added to the schedule to replace the old "Alt-TV" show, which launched many documentary makers' careers including Marc Isaacs, Olly Lambert, Emily James, Tina Gharavi, Paul Berczeller and Morgan Matthew. "First Cut" aimed to access the brightest and best new talent, allowing young directors to showcase their talent before being given further opportunities on Channel 4's flagship documentaries "Cutting Edge" and "Dispatches".
After the completion of the initial two series (30 episodes), "First Cut" was commissioned for a third series which began on Friday, 9 January 2009, with a documentary entitled "The Hunt For Britain's Tightest Person".

</doc>
<doc id="18550323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550323" title="Drug Target Insights">
Drug Target Insights

Drug Target Insights is a peer-reviewed open access academic journal focusing on drug treatment targets and clinical therapeutics.
The journal was founded in 2006 and is edited by Monica Milani, and is published by Libertas Academica.
Indexing.
The journal is indexed in Pubmed and other databases including Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS), Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) and SCOPUS. 

</doc>
<doc id="18550326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550326" title="Gleb Shishmaryov">
Gleb Shishmaryov

Gleb Semyonovich Shishmaryov () (1781 - November 3, 1835, Saint Petersburg) was a rear admiral of the Imperial Russian Navy. He is reputed for having surveyed the then little-known coast of Alaska as navigator. In 1815-1818 he accompanied Otto von Kotzebue his voyage to Alaska and around the world. 
In 1820 Shishmaryov returned to Alaska in command of ship "Blagonamierennie", accompanied by Lt. Mikhail Vasiliev on ship "Otkrietie". Shishmaref and Vasiliev
entered the Chukchi Sea and explored the coast of Alaska from Kotzebue Sound to Icy Cape and later from Norton Sound to Cape Newenham.
The name of this Russian explorer is sometimes transliterated as "Shishmaref" in the United States; the town of Shishmaref, Alaska, and the Shishmaref Inlet have been named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18550331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550331" title="Ukrainian Medical Stomatological Academy">
Ukrainian Medical Stomatological Academy

Poltava Ukrainian Medical And Stomatological Academy (UMSA) is the leading state higher education institution in training physicians and dentists.
History.
Poltava Ukrainian Medical Stomatological Academy started its activity in 1921 as the Odontologic Faculty of the Kharkiv Medical Academy. In 1967 the institute was transferred to the city of Poltava and renamed as the Poltava Ukrainian Medical Stomatological Institute, which in 1994 was granted the highest (IV) accreditation level and the status of the Ukrainian Medical Stomatological Academy (UMSA). Its accreditation level IV was confirmed in 2004.
www.umsa.poltava.ua and www.umsa-poltava.com.ua
Campuses and buildings.
The Academy has 16 buildings as its assets, including 5 academic buildings, four dormitories, household enclosures, vivarium, hangars, as well as library, reading rooms, sports complex, dining room, cafe, health and sports camp.Check details on www.umsa-poltava.com.ua
Academics.
UMSA trains specialists in six faculties and a preparatory department. UMSA trains specialists along the following education/qualification levels: Junior specialists, specialists, Masters for the following specialties:
There are 3500 students studying at UMSA, including 729 international students from 39 countries. There are General Medicine, Pediatrics, Pharmacy and Stomatological (Dentistry) faculties, the Preparatory Faculty for international students training, the Postgraduate Faculty and the preparatory training course department. A medical college, training bachelors and junior specialists, has been founded based on the UMSA. 56 chairs,including 9 leading ones, function at the UMSA. Clinical and consulting work is carried out at 35 clinical chairs of the UMSA, located at the best regional and city medical establishments of Polatva. The scientific potential of the UMSA is represented by 82 Doctors of Medical Science, 316 Candidates of Science, 75 Professors, 174 assistant professors, 2 winners of the Ukrainian State Prize, 8 Honoured Science and Technology workers of Ukraine, 6 Honoured Physicians of Ukraine.
Awards and reputation.
Academy is a multiple participant of international exhibitions: "Modern education in Ukraine", "Education and Career", where they presented the achievements in the organization of educational process such as: scientific and methodological innovations, modern information and telecommunication and multimedia learning system etc., for which the academy was awarded the gold, silver and bronze medals and diplomas.
It became a prize-winner of the contest "Innovation in the learning process" at the Third International Exhibition and Presentation "Innovative learning technology". The Academy was awarded the title of "Leader of Modern Education" for many years of innovative teaching activities in the modernization of education. As a member of the all - Ukrainian project "Best institutions of medical education in Ukraine - Medical Olympus " the Academy was awarded a diploma of the Ministry of Health of Ukraine and the Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine for its significant contribution to the development of medical education in Ukraine. The academy team was awarded the Certificate of Merit by the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine for the significant contribution to the development of medical education and science.
According to the "Top 200 Ukraine" higher educational institutions ranking in Ukraine the HSEIU "UMSA" occupies 41st place (Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia).

</doc>
<doc id="18550345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550345" title="Muhammad Ismail Zabeeh">
Muhammad Ismail Zabeeh

Maulana Muhammad Ismail Zabeeh (1913-2001 CE) was a writer, orator, historian and a journalist involved in the Pakistan movement (Creation of Pakistan) in 1947.He was a leader of Majlis-e-Ahrar-ul-Islam . He remained a staunch supporter of the two nation theory.
Family origins.
Hailed from a scholarly family of Hazara, Ismail Zabeeh was born to Maulana Ghulaam Yahya Hazarvi, at Gawaliar (India) in 1913. His father had moved to India after completing his early education in District Abbotabad of Pakistan's North West Frontier Province. It was thus his sheer thirst for knowledge that moved the young Ghulam Yahya towards India, where he studied under various luminaries of his time. They included two famous students of the Eminent Maulana Muhammad Qasim Nanotwi.
Educational career.
After growing up, young Ismail Zabeeh went straight to the institution headed by his eminent father. At 13 he was studying arabic language basics at the Darul Uloom of Deoband when his father recalled him to Jamia Illahiyaat, at Kanpur. He later also went to study Jamia Millia at Delhi and studied under Dr. Zakir Hussain.
Efforts for the Pakistan Movement.
His prodigous sagacity and journatlistic talent caught the attention of Muhammad Ali Jinnah who appointed him as the Head of the publicity campaign of the All India Muslim league in the crucial 1946 elections. Due to his extremely effective, persuasive and powerful publicity campaign in favour of Muslim League candidates that Muslim League won almost all the 67 Muslim seats in Uttar Pradesh. He also campaigned for the victory of Liaquat Ali Khan, which was acknowledged by the later during his address to a large gathering at Kanpur.
Journalist career.
Ismail Zabeeh was a true journalist. His journalistic career starting from his teens, went up to his deathbed at the age of 87. In his early teens, he remained associated with 'Bombay punch' (a humorous mag), 'Paishwa' and 'Maulvi' at Delhi, published monthly 'Arif'. He reported the 'Kanpur Riots' at the age of 17 in 1930. He also remained Publicity Secretary of All India Majlis-e-Ahrar-ul-Islam in 1938. Upon arrest of its President Ameer-e-Shariyat Hadhrat Maulana Syed Ata Ullah Shah Bukhari, Zabeeh acted as President of All India Majlis-e-Ahrar-ul-Islam in 1939. In 1941, he started publishing the 'Qaumi Akhbar', an Urdu Language daily, which soon rose as the leading voice of uprising against the Britons, in the Muslim struggle for a free homeland. In 1947, he started publishing the Urdu Language daily 'Khursheed' from Karachi, along with Mr. Raees Ahmed. In 1949, he published his first English language daily the 'Voice of Sindh' from Hyderabad. In 1954, he published the Urdu language daily, the 'Anjam', which later evolved as 'Mashriq' from 1960s onwards. He remained as Chief Editor of 'Mashriq' for sometime too.
As an historian.
Ismail Zabeeh had particular interest with the history of the Subcontinent and its civilization. This became evident by the well researched books which mainly were a work in this area.
See also.
1. http://www.imarvels.com/zabeeh/intro/intro.htm
References.
http://www.pakpost.gov.pk/philately/stamps2003/moulana_muhammaed_ismail_zabeeh.html

</doc>
<doc id="18550361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550361" title="Bioinformatics and Biology Insights">
Bioinformatics and Biology Insights

Bioinformatics and Biology Insights is a peer reviewed open access academic journal focussing on the application of bioinformatics to biological research. The journal is published by Libertas Academica[http://la-press.com.
Aims and Scope.
Bioinformatics and Biology Insights is an open access, peer-reviewed journal that considers articles on computational methods used in the analysis and annotation of structures, in addition to other areas of computational biology and the broader field of biology.
The journal is intended to complement other titles in the area by taking a broader approach and thereby permitting authors to communicate important research developments with a broader audience than other journals in the area.
Editor in Chief and Editorial Board.
The journal's Editor in Chief is Dr Erich Bornberg-Bauer and it has an international Honorary Editorial Board [http://la-press.com/journal.php?pa=editorial_board&journal_id=39.
Editorial policies.
The journal accepts various types of submission, although all manuscripts must comply with the journal's submission guidelines and style guide. Rigorous peer review is undertaken over a period of two to three weeks, although this can vary based on reviewers' responses.

</doc>
<doc id="18550364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550364" title="Les Années d'illusion">
Les Années d'illusion

"Les Années d'illusion" is a 1977 French adaptation of A.J. Cronin's 1950 novel, "The Valorous Years". The miniseries was directed by Pierre Matteuzzi and starred Yves Brainville, Josephine Chaplin, Michel Cassagne, and Laurence Calame.

</doc>
<doc id="18550383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550383" title="List of beaches in Sri Lanka">
List of beaches in Sri Lanka

The following is a list of beaches in Sri Lanka.
Negombo.
A fishing town located 35 km from Colombo and 6 km from island's main International Airport. The beauty of the beach and surrounding star class hotels gave more attraction of tourists.
Mount Lavinia.
The place located 12 km from Colombo is a historical city from British colonial period. The Governors House of Sir Thomas Maitland, built in 1805, has become a star class hotel today. The fantastic beach is crowded on holidays with local people who enjoy the beach sports activities such as swimming and surfing.
Kalutara.
The place located 43 km from Colombo is important spice trading centre from Portuguese, Dutch and British colonial times. The city also named as one of the sacred city of Buddhist people in the country has large hollow dagoba (Buddhist shrine) near the River Kalu.
Beruwala.
The place located 55 km from Colombo is the starting point of 130 km long southern coast also a main fishing centre.
Bentota.
The place located in south of the country, 62 km from Colombo has romantic scenery hotels and popular for wind surfing and water skiing.
Pasikudah & Kalkudah.
Kalkuda and Pasikuda are two separate beaches situated nearby in Batticloa district of eastern province nearly 300 km from Colombo. These are famous for its sand and calm water.
"Go Lanka", Unawatuna Sri Lanka Travel & Accommodation Guide
Unawatuna.
Described as most wonderful beach location by the nature, Unawatuna is one of the best Scuba Diving Locations in Sri Lanka. It is famous beach, Scuba Diving, Surfing and Sea Food in Sri Lankan Style. The Jungle Beach, Roomassagla Hills, Kathaluwa Temple, Galle Fort are nearby interesting places. Although it had suffered heavily in the 2004 Indian Ocean Tsunami events that hit Sri Lanka and southeast Asia countries, this seaside community was rebuilt quickly, and touristic activity was resumed, giving the chance to travelers looking for an authentic Sri Lankan beach resort to have a unique time.
Mirissa.
Mirissa is a small, beautiful and rocky beach which is calm, relaxing and almost private.Whales and dolphins watching, deep sea fishing, river trips, snorkeling and bird watching are activities you could do while you travel in Mirissa, Sri Lanka.
Many tourists come to Mirissa for whale watching. you can watch the whales in the Indian Ocean off the Mirissa harbour in the November-April season. A few tour companies arrange trips for a low cost.
Weligama.
Weligama is a unique Bay and Beach with a wide and long sandy beach located in Mathara district of Southern province close to Mathara town. The tiny island once owned by Frenchman Count de Maunay has built a beautiful house on it. The bay is famous for its remarkable fishermen doing stilt fishing and hand made lase, Devil Dance Shows and its seafood. Weligama is also a wonderful Scuba Diving and Surfing Location.
Polhena.
Polhena beach is about 2 km inside to the Matara city. This is ideal place for scuba diving, surfing, sunbathing. This is a very famous destinations because of the natural swimming pool created by the coral reef. There is not only one beach; it consists of bunches of beaches along the coastline.
Dickwella.
Dickwella beach (also called Dikwella or Dikwella South) is about 22 km east of Matara. This long sandy beach is largely protected by headlands, reefs and sand-bars, making it safer for swimming.
The headlands have reefs along their rocks, close to the beach. At both the Pehambiya end and the western end, swimmers can snorkel out from the beach to watch colourful reef fish amongst the rocks.
Hikkaduwa.
The place located in south of the country, 100 km from Colombo is the first area to be developed for tourism. The famous coral reef and scuba diving gets tourist's more pleasure there.
Koggala.
The place located in south of the country, from 130 km from Colombo, has finest beach and historical Madol Duwa (island surrounded by lake) as mentioned in Sri Lankan literature.
You can spot the very famous Stilt farmers here; farmers who sit on stilts and fish when there is a suitable tide.
Tangalle.
Tangalle is located in down south district of Hamabanthota few km away from Mathara. It is a beautiful and natural palm fringed sea bay and a Fishing Harbor offering great sea food. The long and great beach and the corel reef are best attractions. The Dutch Fort built with corals now used as a prison.
Trincomalee.
Trincomalee is a natural deep-water harbor that attracted great sea farers like Marco Polo, Ptolemy and Sea Traders China and East Asia from the ancient times. The long and wide beaches offer surfing, scuba diving and fishing and whale watching. This sea town has the largest Dutch fortress of Sri Lanka has the oldest Hindu temple Tirukonesvaram Kovil in Sri Lanka.
Nilaveli.
The place located in east of the country 276 km from Colombo and 14 km from Trincomalee. The natural habour and beach is one of finest in world. Nelaveli is ideal place for water sports like scuba diving.
Batticaloa.
Batticaloa is situated in the east coast of Sri Lanka with a great lagoon and beach with a fascinating culture of the east. The Dutch made their first footstep in Sri Lanka here in 1602. The Dutch fort was built in 1665 is visible near the Batticoloa Lagoon.
Kalkuda and Pasikuda
Kalkuda and Pasikuda are two separate beaches situated nearby in Batticlo district of eastern province nearly 228 km from Colombo. These are famous for its sand and calm water.
Arugam Bay.
The place located in south east of the country 317 km from Colombo is a fine beach near associated with fishing villages. It has been identified as the best surfing beach in Sri Lanka and 4th best in south east Asia. It also comes with the ten best surfing beaches in the world. Wide sandy beaches and lagoons associated with neighbouring Kumana bird sanctuary are added values for visitors going to Arugam bay. Lahugal National Park are Yala East National Park are also located within 10–30 km radious from Arugambay centre. Magul Maha Viharaya (Buddhist temple), Kudumbigala Temple (Buddhist temple), Shastrwela Buddhist Temple, Okanda Hindu Temple are some of places with heritage values. In addition to beaches, wildlife, culture heritage and nature places of interest make Arugambay a unique tourist attraction in Sri Lanka. There is no LTTE threat in and around Arugam bay.
Casuarina Beach.
Casuarina Beach which is in Karainagar, Jaffna District about 20 kilometers from Jaffna of Northern Province. It used to be a popular tourist destination, but tourist numbers have declined due to Sri Lankan Civil War. However after the end of the 3 decade long war, the beaches unspoilt location has led to a growing number of visitors.
Kilaaly Beach.
Kilali Beach situated in "Kilaaly", Jaffna District of Northern Province. It is famous for calm and sand, with local Tamil sea food dishes.
There are seven catholic churches in that village. After 17 – 18 years all the churches are re-functioning. St. James the great is the historical church at beach side. Which you could find from History of Ceylon from c 15000 to c 18000 book.
Before war the St. James church was functioned under Late Mr. Pethuruppillai Sebastiampillai. http://anbinmadal.org/srilanka_james.html
Vankalai.
Vankalai is a major fishing village in Mannar, of Northern Province with a beautiful beach.

</doc>
<doc id="18550400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550400" title="Caleb Chapman">
Caleb Chapman

Caleb Chapman (born August 15, 1973) is an American music educator, entrepreneur, producer, bandleader, and musician from Derry, New Hampshire who currently resides in Utah. Chapman is widely recognized for his contributions to music education worldwide, has received numerous honors for his work as an educator, and is heavily involved in a variety of music and education activities, including nonprofit work. A graduate of Brigham Young University, Chapman is the founder and director of the award-winning Caleb Chapman's Crescent Super Band and the President of Caleb Chapman Music (CCM), a professional musician training program.
Educator/Director.
Chapman oversees the fourteen CCM bands, and personally directs the flagship group Caleb Chapman's Crescent Super Band, an award-winning ensemble that consists of high school students. Additional groups that Chapman directs: the Voodoo Orchestra, Caleb Chapman's Little Big Band, La Onda Caribeña, Crescent Octet, and the New Bop Big Band. His bands have been featured on the Sirius XM “Real Jazz” Channel and released 10 full-length albums on the Big Swing Face record label. The Crescent Super Band remains the only musical act that is regularly invited to play during the halftime break for the NBA’s Utah Jazz basketball team. The Utah-based CCM trains students of all ages and levels, providing performance opportunities and exposure to high-caliber musicians. Graduates of the program have been placed in the top music schools in the country including Juilliard, the University of Miami, the Berklee College of Music, University of Southern California, the Manhattan School of Music, and many others with, combined annual scholarship offers for seniors of more than $1 million.
Key Performances.
Chapman's bands have been featured at many of the world’s most prestigious jazz festivals including North Sea (The Netherlands), Montreux (Switzerland), Vienne (France), Umbria (Italy), Tuscany (Italy), and Puerto Vallarta (Mexico). In 2010, the Crescent Super Band was featured with jazz icon Toshiko Akiyoshi at the Telluride Jazz Festival. Their most prominent performance took place at Carnegie Hall in May 2013, when the Crescent Super Band headlined a sold-out concert featuring GRAMMY-winning saxophonist David Sanborn and GRAMMY®-nominated trumpeter Wayne Bergeron. Chapman has cited this performance as one of the most memorable experiences of his career, where he performed with his childhood idol (Sanborn) and his own son, Porter Chapman, who is a drummer in the CCM program. The Crescent Super Band will perform at the 2014 Jazz Education Network annual conference in Dallas, TX, headlining an evening concert with special guests Randy Brecker and Ed Calle.
Collaborations.
Chapman's bands have performed with more than 200 guest artists, including GRAMMY award winners Randy Brecker, Joe Lovano, Christian McBride, Peter Erskine, Kurt Elling, Gordon Goodwin, Poncho Sanchez, Esperanza Spalding, Brian Lynch, Wayne Bergeron, Dave Weckl, Nicholas Payton, Jeff Coffin, Eric Marienthal, Ernie Watts, and Bob Mintzer. They have also been featured with musicians from Journey, the Dave Matthews Band, Big Bad Voodoo Daddy, Tower of Power, Genesis, the Saturday Night Live Band, and many others. Chapman has said that it is a priority for CCM to provide the opportunity for young musicians to perform with A-list artists, and have frequent touring and performing experiences.
Awards and Honors.
GRAMMY Nomination.
In 2013, Chapman was a quarter-finalist for the inaugural Music Educator Award, presented by The Recording Academy and the GRAMMY Foundation. The student-nominated award "recognize current educators (K – college, public and private schools) who have made a significant and lasting contribution to the field of music education and who demonstrate a commitment to the broader cause of maintaining music education in the schools." Chapman was selected from more than 30,000 nominees spanning all 50 states.
DownBeat Magazine Awards.
Since 2005, Caleb’s program has been honored with 22 different awards by DownBeat Magazine. As the oldest publication in the jazz industry, DownBeat celebrates high-caliber jazz education with its annual awards. The Crescent Super Band, the Voodoo Orchestra, the Soul Research Foundation, Caleb Chapman’s Little Big Band, the Hooligans Brass Band, Lo-Fi Riot, and La Onda Caribena have all been recognized with at least one award from the magazine.
Utah Governor's Award.
Utah Governor Gary Herbert honored Chapman with the prestigious 2013 "Utah Performing Artist Award" in a special dinner reception at the Governor's Mansion, where the Crescent Super Band also performed, to commemorate the evening.
John La Porta Award.
In 2011, Caleb was named the "John LaPorta International Jazz Educator of the Year," becoming the youngest educator to receive it. The award, one of the highest honors in music education, was created in tribute to famed jazz educator John LaPorta, who played with musicians such as Charles Mingus, Charlie Parker, and Woody Herman, before retiring from performing to teach at Berklee College of Music.
Additional Awards/Honors.
The Crescent Super Band has also won seven consecutive “Best of State” awards as Utah’s “Best Professional Band." His program has twice won the prestigious Best of State Statue Award, identifying it as the top organization in Arts and Entertainment in Utah (2008 and 2012), beating professional music, arts, and film organizations in the state for the honor. Chapman personally won the Utah Best of State medal for Utah’s “Best Educator” in 2011 and “Best Music Educator” in 2012. Chapman's efforts in music have earned three declarations from Utah former Governor, John Huntsman, Jr. In 2007, he was honored as the inaugural inductee into the Horne School of Music Hall of Fame and received the “Superior Accomplishment in Music Award” from the Utah Music Educators Association. Additionally, he was the 2006 recipient of the KUER FM90 “Voice of Jazz Award" and was recognized in the "Fab 50" List for 2010 by Utah Valley Magazine.
Leadership.
Jazz Education Network.
In 2011 Chapman was appointed to the Board of Directors for the Jazz Education Network, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit that serves the jazz arts community by advancing education, promoting performance, and developing new audiences. He currently serves as the organization's Vice President and chairs its JENerations Jazz Festival. The festival is held concurrently with JEN's annual conference, and features student groups who perform for celebrity clinicians in a non-competitive adjudicated festival environment.
Bands of America.
In 2013, Chapman was appointed Director of the prestigious Jazz Band of America, an all-star jazz band consisting of the top high school jazz students from across the nation. The group will perform at the Music for All National Festival held in Indianapolis in March, 2014. Chapman joins a list of past directors and guest artists with the ensemble that include Wynton Marsalis, Patti Austin, Wayne Bergeron, Wycliffe Gordon, Dr. Lou Fischer, and Ndugu Chancler, among others.
Additional Leadership Activities.
Chapman currently serves on the Executive Board of JazzSLC, presenters of the Salt Lake City Jazz at the Capitol Theatre Series. Additionally, Chapman serves as Festival Director for the Peaks Jazz Festival and the Puerto Vallarta Jazz Festival. He was a past-president of the Utah Unit of the International Association for Jazz Education (IAJE) and a member of the organization's Resource Team.
Publications.
Books.
In 2013, Caleb released his first music method book with Alfred Music, titled "The Articulate Jazz Musician". The book focuses on Chapman's celebrated method for teaching jazz articulation and style to young musicians. It features 14 original tunes from multi-GRAMMY-winning member of the Dave Matthews Band, Jeff Coffin, and a play-along CD that includes Coffin, Chris Walters, and GRAMMY winners Victor Wooten and Roy “Futureman” Wooten.
Column.
To share his knowledge of music education and youth development, Chapman writes a column for the Utah Daily Herald newspaper, which discusses arts education. In the column, Chapman covers topics such as helping a young student decide which instrument to play, and how parents can help their children discover their educational passions.
Endorsements.
Chapman is an active performer, himself, and frequently performs the National Anthem on solo saxophone for sold-out Utah Jazz games. Chapman is a featured clinician and sponsored performer for Yamaha Saxophones, Rico Reeds, JodyJazz Mouthpieces, and Planet Waves Cables.

</doc>
<doc id="18550414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550414" title="Marika Vicziany">
Marika Vicziany

Marika Vicziany is a professor of Asian Political Economy at Political and Social Inquiry (PSI), Monash University. She is a Former Director of the Monash Asia Institute at Monash University, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. A PhD from SOAS, University of London, she is an expert in South Asian studies. Her current research interests include regional and human security, rise of India and China and the cultural and religious issues particularly related to Hinduism and Islam. 
She has published extensively on India, South Asia and China. She is currently the President of South Asian Studies Association of Australia (SASA). She has worked and published significantly on the city of Bombay, now known as Mumbai. Her works on Mumbai include communal violence, terrorism, social exclusion and the life and livelihood of women.She has also worked on the Koli Tribe that have been marginalised in the city. Her research on Mumbai demonstrates critical intersection of political economy, religion, secularism and identity that exists in the financial and dream capital of India. 
References.
1. South Asian Studies Association of Australia (SASA)<http://sasaa.org.au>
2. Mobile Phones Offer Indian Women a Better Life, New York Times, May 22, 2012, <http://www.nytimes.com/2012/05/23/world/asia/23iht-letter23.html?_r=1>
3. Mobile Phone Access and Usage Among Female Micro-Entrepreneurs in Bombay City Today, ASAA Conference, Melbourne, 2008 <http://arts.monash.edu.au/mai/asaa/aneelababaretal.pdf>
3. Terrorism in Bombay and India’s Historical Amnesia: Comparing 1993 and 2008, Australia India Institute <http://www.aii.unimelb.edu.au/tiffintalks/bombay-bombings-comparing-1993-2008-prof-marika-vicziany>
4. Terrorism in Bombay City, Centre for Dialogue, La Trobe University, 
<http://www.latrobe.edu.au/dialogue/assets/downloads/vicziany-seminar.pdf>
5. Regional Security In The Asia Pacific: 9/11 and After, Edward Elgar, 2004 
<http://www.e-elgar.co.uk/bookentry_main.lasso?currency=UK&id=3128>

</doc>
<doc id="18550432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550432" title="Superman Supergirl">
Superman Supergirl

"Superman Supergirl" is the fourth and final single from Australian band Killing Heidi's debut 5x Platinum album "Reflector". Its B-side was the album track "Black Sheep".
Chart performance.
"Superman Supergirl" debuted and peaked at No. 57 on the ARIA Singles Chart on the 25th of September 2000. It is Killing Heidi's least successful single to date.

</doc>
<doc id="18550452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550452" title="Otto Zitko">
Otto Zitko

Otto Zitko (born in Linz on February 14, 1959) is an Austrian artist who lives and works in Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="18550455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550455" title="Knowledge retrieval">
Knowledge retrieval

Knowledge Retrieval seeks to return information in a structured form, consistent with human cognitive processes as opposed to simple lists of data items. It draws on a range of fields including epistemology (theory of knowledge), cognitive psychology, cognitive neuroscience, logic and inference, machine learning and knowledge discovery, linguistics, and information technology.
Overview.
In the field of retrieval systems, established approaches include:
Both approaches require a user to read and analyze often long lists of data sets or documents in order to extract meaning.
The goal of knowledge retrieval systems is to reduce the burden of those processes by improved search and representation. This improvement is needed to leverage the increasing data volumes available on the Internet.
Comparison of Data, Information and Knowledge Retrieval.
Data Retrieval and Information Retrieval are earlier and more basic forms of information access.
Knowledge retrieval (KR) focuses on the knowledge level. We need to examine how to extract, represent, and use the knowledge in data and information. Knowledge retrieval systems provide knowledge to users in a structured way. Compared to data retrieval and information retrieval, they use different inference models, retrieval methods, result organization, etc. Table 1, extending van Rijsbergen’s comparison of the difference between data retrieval
and information retrieval, summarizes the main characteristics of data retrieval, information retrieval, and knowledge retrieval. The core of data retrieval and information retrieval is retrieval subsystems. Data retrieval gets results through Boolean match. Information retrieval uses partial match and best match. Knowledge retrieval is also based on partial match and best match.
From an inference perspective, data retrieval uses deductive inference, and information retrieval uses inductive inference. Considering the limitations from the assumptions of different logics, traditional logic systems (e.g., Horn subset of first order logic) cannot reasoning efficiently. Associative reasoning, analogical reasoning and the idea of unifying reasoning and search may be effective methods of reasoning at the web scale.
From the retrieval perspective, knowledge retrieval systems focus on semantics and better organization of information. Data retrieval and information retrieval organize the data and documents by indexing, while knowledge retrieval organize information by indicating connections between elements in those documents.
Frameworks for Knowledge Retrieval systems.
From computer science perspective, a logic framework concentrating on fuzziness of knowledge queries has been proposed and investegated in detail. Markup languages for knowledge reasoning and relevant strategies have been investigated, which may serve as possible logic reasoning foundations for text based knowledge retrieval.
From cognitive science perspective, especially from cognitive psychology and cognitive neuroscience perspective, the neurobiological basis for knowledge retrieval in the human brain has been investigated, and may serve as a cognitive model for knowledge retrieval.
Knowledge Retrieval related Disciplines.
Knowledge retrieval can draw results from the following related theories and technologies:
- Theory of Knowledge: knowledge acquisition, knowledge organization, knowledge representation, knowledge validation, knowledge management.
- Cognitive Science: cognitive psychology, cognitive neuroscience, cognitive informatics, concept formation and learning, decision making, human–computer interaction.
- Machine Learning and Knowledge Discovery: preprocessing, classification, clustering, prediction, postprocessing, statistical learning theory.
- Logic and Inference: propositional logic, predicate logic, attribute logic, universal logic, inductive inference, deductive inference, associative reasoning, analogical reasoning, approximate reasoning.
- Information Technology: information theory, information science, information retrieval, database systems, knowledge-based systems, rule-based systems, expert systems, decision support systems, intelligent agent technology.
- Linguistics: computational linguistics, natural language understanding, natural language processing.
Topics listed under each entry serve as examples and do not form a complete list. And many related disciplines should be added as the field grows mature.

</doc>
<doc id="18550461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550461" title="Bjarne Jensen (footballer)">
Bjarne Jensen (footballer)

Bjarne Jensen (born 16 April 1959) is a retired Danish football (soccer) player, who played the majority of his career in Brøndby IF.
He has played four games for the Danish national football team, but never scored any goals.
Jensen played his last Brøndby game in November 1992, before ending his career. He holds Brøndby IF's record of most played games with 556 senior games.

</doc>
<doc id="18550466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550466" title="Lay Jian Fang">
Lay Jian Fang

Jian Fang Lay-Hong (; born: 6 March 1973), is a right-handed Australian ladies table tennis player. She plays penhold, with a long pimple rubber at one side for use of attacking, blocking as well as chopping. She is currently number 1 female player in Australia, as well as number 141 in the world.
Born in Wenzhou, China, Lay moved to Melbourne in the early 1990s and eventually became a three-time Victorian champion as well as winning several titles in other Victorian tournaments. She was selected in the Australian national team in 1994 and participated in the Sydney, Athens, Beijing and LondonOlympic Games. Lay also competed at the 2002 and 2006 Commonwealth Games, where she took home a total of three silver and two bronze medals.
At June 2008, she returned to the position of number one female tennis table player in Victoria and Australia after staying at the number 3 spot since 2007. She was first qualified for the Beijing Olympics after beating Stephanie Sang at the Oceania Qualifiers at Nouméa, New Caledonia.

</doc>
<doc id="18550483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550483" title="Waimarama Taumaunu">
Waimarama Taumaunu

Waimarama Taumaunu, MBE, (born 18 October 1962) is a New Zealand netball coach and former international netball player. 
Biography.
Taumaunu was born in Waipawa, New Zealand. She was a member of New Zealand's national netball team, the Silver Ferns, from 1981 to 1991. During that time, she played in the team that won the 1987 Netball World Championships, and was also captain of the team in the last three years of her international career.
In 1998 Taumaunu was appointed as national performance director for All England Netball, and remained in that role until 2003. During that time she was also the assistant coach for the England national team in their 2003 Netball World Championships campaign. In 2007, Taumaunu was the head coach of the Capital Shakers in the National Bank Cup.
In the 1992 New Year Honours, Taumaunu was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire, for services to netball. She was inducted into the New Zealand Sports Hall of Fame in 1996. Of Ngāti Porou and Ngāi Tahu descent, she was also inducted into the Māori Sports Hall of Fame in 2007. In May 2008, Taumaunu accepted the position of assistant coach for the Silver Ferns, under head coach Ruth Aitken and in October 2011, took over as head coach for the Silver Ferns.

</doc>
<doc id="18550497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550497" title="Marcel Bitsch">
Marcel Bitsch

Marcel Bitsch (December 29, 1921, Toulouse – September 21, 2011, Paris) was a French composer, teacher and analyst. He studied at the Conservatoire de Paris and also was professor of counterpoint there. In his latter years he concentrated on teaching and analysing the music of (mostly) J. S. Bach, producing analytic scores whose page layout was designed to convey the music's structural features.
Works.
His Douze Etudes pour Flute are not only intended as etudes for private practice, but also as brief concert pieces, as stated by flutist Jean-Pierre Rampal in the preface to the Leduc edition. The collection is dedicated to Gaston Crunelle, a former professor of flute at the Conservatoire National de Musique de Paris. Mr. Bitsch himself was a student and later a professor at the Conservatoire.
References.
Article on Bitsch's Four Variations for trumpet or cornet and piano: http://www.trumpetguild.org/_72820_archive/2009journal/200910Repertoire.pdf 

</doc>
<doc id="18550526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550526" title="Gays.com">
Gays.com

Gays.com (not to be confused with Gay.com) is an LGBT social networking service and website launched on 17 May 2012, operated and privately owned by Gays.com Limited. Users must register before using the service, after which they may create a personal profile, add other users as friends and exchange messages.
The June 2008 issue of "City Weekend" magazine referred to Gays.com as "the gay Facebook".
History.
In 2006, the purchase of the domain name for $500,000 by German entrepreneurs Julius and David Dreyer was a record sale for the year and one of the highlights of the domain name industry. The website launched as a closed beta in Shanghai on 17 May 2008 and was timed to coincide with the sixth International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia. Gays.com's became open beta on 10 September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18550549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550549" title="Attila Baumgartner">
Attila Baumgartner

Attila Baumgartner (born 13 June 1977 in Körmend) is a Hungarian football (midfielder) player who currently plays for Gyirmót SE.

</doc>
<doc id="18550550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550550" title="Group (database)">
Group (database)

group is a name service database used to store group information on Unix-like operating systems. The sources for the group database (and hence the sources for groups on a system) are configured, like other name service databases, in nsswitch.conf.
Seeing available groups on a Unix system.
The contents of the group database (and available groups) can be seen with a variety of tools:
Command line.
The getent command can be used to fetch group information.
Fetching a specific group.
For a specific group called 'users':

</doc>
<doc id="18550639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550639" title="Adolph Göpel">
Adolph Göpel

Adolph Göpel (September 29, 1812 in Rostock – June 7, 1847 in Berlin) was a German mathematician who did the first paper on hyperelliptic functions and who introduced Göpel tetrads.
Life and work.
His uncle was a diplomat so he attended his first mathematical lectures in Italy when he was 13. He entered the Humboldt University of Berlin in 1829 and received his doctorate in 1835. He did not correspond with many mathematicians, excepting August Leopold Crelle. After his death some of his works were published in Crelle's Journal.

</doc>
<doc id="18550651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550651" title="Plurk">
Plurk

Plurk is a free social networking and micro-blogging service that allows users to send updates (otherwise known as plurks) through short messages or links, which can be up to 210 text characters in length (previously 140).
Updates are then shown on the user's home page using a timeline, which lists all the updates received in chronological order, and delivered to other users who have chosen to receive them. Users can respond to other users' updates from their timeline through the Plurk.com website, by private or instant messaging, or by text messaging via compatible third party applications.
According to Alexa, , 37.1% of Plurk's traffic comes from Taiwan. Plurk is also ranked 49th in Taiwan and 1,975th worldwide.
History.
Plurk was developed by and envisioned as a communication medium meant to form a balance between blogs and social networks, and between e-mail messaging and instant messaging. After months of development, Plurk was launched on May 12, 2008.
The etymology of the name was explained by the developers as such:
While it is difficult to track down the names of the creators of Plurk, and the "A-Team" link listed under "creator" leads to a page that lacks any real information, it is known that the current CEO is Danny Lin. In January 2013, it was announced that the company has been headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan, while it has landed undisclosed amount of funding." 
Features and technology.
Plurk's interface shows updates in horizontal form through a scrollable timeline written in JavaScript and updated through AJAX. Users can modify the interface using CSS and HTML scripts as well. Users can post new messages with optional 'qualifiers', which are one-word verbs used to represent a thought (e.g., 'feels', 'thinks', 'loves', etc.). There are also advanced features such as sending updates only to a subset of your friends, posting updates on events earlier in the day, and sharing images, videos, and other media. Followers are allowed, but only limited to accounts that are not set as private. Users can upload media files through YouTube, links and webcam or from their computer. Plurks can also be 'liked', as in other social sites. In addition, it has a birthday reminder feature that places a birthday cake sign on all the user's messages on his/her birthday. Every plurker has his/her own Karma value. It is recalculated based on your activities. Higher Karma can access to more emoticons.
Plurk also supports group conversations between friends and allows usage of emoticons together with the usual text micro-blogging. Plurk also supports the upload of users' own pictures as emoticons.
The Plurk.com developers allowed public access to the API on December 4, 2009.
Due to messages being sent between users in near-realtime, many users use Plurk as an alternative to chat.
Availability in other languages.
To help translate their base list of qualifiers/verbs, Plurk hosts its own translation website where users can submit translations of the Plurk user interface in other languages. As of July 2008, Plurk is translated into over twenty languages.
Reception.
Plurk was occasionally referred to as a rival to Twitter, an earlier micro-blogging service, during its first year.
In June 2008, Plurk received online attention when it was featured by Leo Laporte and Amber MacArthur on their net@night show in the TWiT.tv podcast network.
Controversies.
MSN Juku controversy.
In November 2009, MSN China launched an Internet application called MSN Juku in beta. Observers noted similarity between the MSN Juku user interface and that of Plurk, which was blocked in China in April 2009. Microsoft later indefinitely suspended MSN Juku, admitting to accusations that MSN China plagiarized about 80% of Plurk's original code, as well as elements of their CSS and unique user interface features.
Post calling for the assassination of President Ma Ying-jeou.
On March 20, 2010, Taiwanese police investigated an Internet threat posted on plurk.com that called for the assassination of the President of the Republic of China, Ma Ying-jeou.

</doc>
<doc id="18550652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550652" title="Terrence Des Pres">
Terrence Des Pres

Terrence Des Pres (born 1939 Effingham, Illinois - November 16, 1987 Hamilton, New York) was an American writer, and Holocaust scholar.
Life.
Terrence Des Pres graduated from Southeast Missouri State College in 1962.
He went on to complete graduate degrees in philosophy at Washington University in St. Louis.
He spent time with John Nathan at Harvard University as Harvard Junior Fellows, where Des Pres was the society's sommelier and they formed a friendship.
He was married twice and had a son, Jean-Paul, with his first wife Judith. His widow, Liz, is now a physician living in the Boston area.
Work.
Des Pres is most well known for his work on the Holocaust documented in: "".
At Colgate University he taught "Literature of the Holocaust" and was the William Henry Crawshaw Chair in Literature. At Colgate, he spent time with writer Frederick Busch.
He wrote "Praises and Dispraises", published posthumously in 1988, which dealt with poetry and its usefulness for survival.
Death.
According to John Nathan's memoir, Des Pres committed suicide on November 16, 1987. Des Pres' death was ruled "accidental" by the Madison county medical examiners office, Madison, NY. According to a 1990 "Boston Globe" article, Des Pres died by hanging.
After his death, poet Paul Mariani spoke at a service for Des Pres at Colgate, where they may have spent time together as Mariani worked on his masters degree.

</doc>
<doc id="18550653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550653" title="Will Joseph">
Will Joseph

Will Joseph (May 10, 1877 – 1959) was a Welsh international rugby union player. He was a member of the winning Welsh team who beat the 1905 touring All Blacks. He played club rugby for Swansea and county rugby for Glamorgan.
Joseph was seen as the outstanding forward of the early 20th century Swansea team, during an excellent period in the 'All Whites' history. He was recognised as a strong player in tight scrums and due to his height, excellent in line outs.
International career.
Wales.
Joseph made his debut for Wales against England at Blackheath in 1902 at the age of 23. Joseph played in three Triple Crown winning campaigns, but his greatest moment on the field was when he played against the touring 1905 All Blacks. Joseph's international career fell apart in 1906 after a match against the touring Springboks. Although having played with great merit in an earlier match against South Africa with county side Glamorgan; in which he scored a try, Joseph was dropped after the international game. The Welsh pack in that game was dreadful and the selection committee decided to change the entire Welsh pack, regardless of individual play. Joseph's Wales career ended after 16 caps at the age of 28.

</doc>
<doc id="18550668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550668" title="Akashdeep Saigal">
Akashdeep Saigal

Akashdeep Saigal aka 'Sky Walker' (born 29 October 1974) is an Indian model and a television actor. He is well known for playing the role of Ansh Gujral on popular serial Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi on Star Plus. He was most recently seen in the Indian Television's Reality Show "Bigg Boss" Season 5 from October 2011 to January 7, 2012.
Personal life.
He studied at the S.S. Sahani High school and graduated at MMK College in Commerce. His father and brother are lawyers. He also has a sister, Madhu Bhatia who lives in Dubai. During his modeling days he dated Madhu Sapre for 6 months, choreographer - director Farah Khan for 2 years and Shazahn Padamsee for 3 years.
He changed his name to 'Sky Walker' on the suggestion of his numerologist for better career prospects.
Career.
Akash shot to fame as the winner of the Gladrags Manhunt Contestant, supermodel of the year in 1998. The same year he appeared on the 1998 music video for Shweta Shetty's "Deewane to Deewane Hain". He started his acting career with the film Pyaar Mein Kabhi Kabhi (1999). He made his debut on small screen with the popular serial Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi on Star Plus. He had participated in the first season of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa, a dance competition on Sony Entertainment Television channel.
In 2009, he has played the role of the Villain in Tamil blockbuster hit "Ayan".

</doc>
<doc id="18550673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550673" title="José Maldonado González">
José Maldonado González

José Maldonado González (1901, Tineo, Asturias – 1985, Oviedo) was the last president of the Spanish Republican government in Exile. Elected in the Spanish general election, 1936 as a deputy for Oviedo province, he was a member of the party Republican Left, which was a member of the Popular Front. In 1938 he fled to France.
Already in exile, Maldonado held positions in many parts of the Republican government, like Minister of Justice (1949-1951) and Minister of Justice and Information (1962-1971). In 1970 he succeeded Luis Jiménez de Asúa as President of the Republic in exile. In 1977 he recognized the elections in Spain and agreed on ceasing international relations, in accordance with the president José López Portillo of Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18550694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550694" title="Claude-Louis Mathieu">
Claude-Louis Mathieu

Claude-Louis Mathieu (born in Mâcon on November 25, 1783; died March 5, 1875 in Paris) was a French mathematician and astronomer who began his career as an engineer. He worked with the Bureau des Longitudes and tried to determine the distance of the stars.

</doc>
<doc id="18550701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550701" title="Cine-teatro Eduardo Brazão">
Cine-teatro Eduardo Brazão

Cine-teatro Eduardo Brazão is a Portuguese theatre located in Valadares. It was built in the decade of 20 by Alexandre Martha da Cruz, and after years of decline it was rebuilt in 2007. The original building was inspired in Odeon, a theatre in Porto, but the restored one is a project of the Portuguese architect Joaquim Massena

</doc>
<doc id="18550715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550715" title="Sidecar file">
Sidecar file

Sidecar files, also known as buddy files or connected files, are files which store data (often metadata) which is not supported by the source file format.
For each source file one or more sidecar files can be created. This is in contrast to "metadata databases" where one database contains metadata for several source files.
In most cases the relationship between the source file and the sidecar file is based on the file name; sidecar files have the same base name as the source file, but with a different extension. The problem with this system is that most operating systems and file managers have no knowledge of these relationships, and might allow the user to rename or move one of the files thereby breaking the relationship.
Examples.
A variation of this are copies of the source file which contain largely the same information, but in a different format or from a previous version:
Alternatives.
Rather than storing data separately, it can be stored as part of the main file. This is particularly done for container files, which allow certain types of data to be stored in them. Instead of separate files on the file system, multiple files can be combined into an archive file, which keeps them together, but requires that software processes the archive file, rather than individual files. This is a generic solution, as archive files can contain arbitrary files from the file system.
Forks.
A file system level solution for the same problem are "forks," which allow multiple pieces of data to be associated with a single file. Sidecar files can be seen as "forks for file systems without native support for forks".
These can then be manipulated with usual file system tools: because the support is built into the operating system, these resource forks will not show up as separate files, and all applications inherit support for resource forks. However, forks cannot be copied to file systems without support for forks, or transmitted over a channel that does not support forks. For interchange forks are generally instead stored as sidecar file.
Mac OS and OS X are notable examples of operating systems with support for forks, in the HFS file system. However, this causes problems with exchanging over ISO 9660 format CD-ROM, FAT format MS-DOS disks, and over internet email, and requires the use of sidecar files to store this information.

</doc>
<doc id="18550720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550720" title="Luis Jiménez de Asúa">
Luis Jiménez de Asúa

Luis Jiménez de Asúa (June 19, 1889 in Madrid - November 16, 1970 in Buenos Aires) was a jurist and Spanish politician. He was vice president of the Spanish parliament and representative of that country before the United Nations. During the Francoist dictatorship he exiled himself to Argentina. In 1962 he was named president of the Spanish Republican government in Exile.
Biography.
A professor of penal law at the Central University of Madrid). He was confined to the Islas Chafarinas in 1926, for his protest against the exile of Miguel de Unamuno by the dictatorship of Primo de Rivera. In 1931 he entered in the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) and was made a deputy in the Cortes Generales, presiding over the parliamentary commission that had been drafting the Constitution. Director of the Institute of Penal Studies, created by Victoria Kent, he participated in the writing of the Criminal Code of 1932.
Belonging to the moderate wing of the PSOE, he was elected vice president of the Cortes Generales in the Spanish general election, 1936. During the Spanish Civil War he occupied diplomatic charges of the Republic in Poland and Czechoslovakia and represented Spain in the League of Nations. Once the war was lost, he was exiled to Argentina in 1939, where he continued his educational career at the National University of La Plata and the National University of the Littoral and the High School of Penal Law and Criminology at the University of Buenos Aires until the Revolución Argentina of 1966. He directed the "Magazine of Criminal Law and Criminology" until his death. His "Tratado de Derecho Penal" in seven volumes, has been respected as a masterpieces of the matter. The Brazilian criminal lawyer Nelson Hungary has said that: 
He maintained a close relation with the student organization reformists of Argentina. Among his disciples was Guillermo Estévez Boero, who would be a president of the Argentine University Federation and then national representative of the Socialist Party of Argentina.
In 1962, he was appointed as president of the Republic in exile, a post he held until his death in 1970 when he was succeeded by José Maldonado Gonzalez.

</doc>
<doc id="18550723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550723" title="Ma'mun al-Hudaybi">
Ma'mun al-Hudaybi

Ma'mun al-Hudaybi was the sixth General Guide of the Egyptian Muslim Brothers. He briefly succeeded Mustafa Mashhur as General Guide in 2002, and headed the Islamist group until his death on January 8, 2004. His successor was Mohammed Mahdi Akef. Ma'mun al-Hudaybi was the son of the second General Guide, Hassan al-Hudaybi.
He was born in Sohag, in upper Egypt on May 28th, 1921. His family was originally from ‘Arab al-Sawalha in Qaliubya, but moved where ever his father’s work as a judge for the Justice Ministry took them. His father was also the second General Guide for the Muslim Brotherhood from 1951 until his death on November 13th, 1973.
He received a public education before graduating from the King Fouad University College of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="18550727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550727" title="Saville Australia">
Saville Australia

Saville Australia was a privately owned property developer in Australia. It holds a variety of residential apartment projects.
With origins dating back over 15 years, Saville Australia has undertaken development projects in some of Western Australia’s premier waterside and inner city locations.
Saville Australia’s current portfolio is valued at more than $1.7 billion and includes the $1.2 billion Capital Square development, which will see the redevelopment of the historic former Emu Brewery site in the Perth CBD into a residential and commercial precinct housing over 500 residents and 60,000 m2 of office space.
Saville Australia’s portfolio also includes Waikiki Blue on the Safety Bay foreshore, Saffron and Altus Luxury Apartments in Perth’s CBD and Palazzo Mindarie on the oceanfront in Mindarie.
In 2006 Saville attracted criticism from Australian Prime Minister John Howard for banning tourists taking photos in the vicinity of the popular Southgate precinct in Southbank, Victoria .
In 2007 Saville became the principal sponsor of the Perth Wildcats, a professional basketball team playing in the Australian National Basketball League. The sponsorship runs through to 2010.
In 2009 Saville went into receivership.

</doc>
<doc id="18550748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550748" title="List of Phoenix Suns head coaches">
List of Phoenix Suns head coaches

The Phoenix Suns are an American professional basketball team based in Phoenix, Arizona. They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Founded in , the Suns are chronologically the second-oldest team in the Western Conference. The Suns are also chronologically the third-oldest team in the NBA to have never won a NBA Championship while having played in the NBA Finals at least once. The Suns play their home games at the US Airways Center.
The Phoenix Suns franchise has had 16 head coaches. John MacLeod is the franchise's all-time leader in coaching years and games won, winning the most regular-season and playoff games. Cotton Fitzsimmons and Mike D'Antoni are the only coaches to have won the NBA Coach of the Year Award with the Suns. The Suns never have been coached by a Basketball Hall of Fame inductee. Paul Westphal has the highest all-time winning percentage with the Suns with a .685 percentage. Alvin Gentry was named head coach after Terry Porter was dismissed by the Suns after 51 games in 2008. Gentry left the Phoenix Suns under mutual agreement to part ways on January 18, 2013. He was replaced by Lindsey Hunter halfway through the 2012-13 NBA season. He has since been replaced by former Suns player Jeff Hornacek.
__FORCETOC__
Coaches.
"Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the ."

</doc>
<doc id="18550749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550749" title="NGMN">
NGMN

NGMN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18550754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550754" title="HMS Blackwood">
HMS Blackwood

Three ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Blackwood", after Vice-Admiral Sir Henry Blackwood:

</doc>
<doc id="18550773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550773" title="Emmanuel Delicata">
Emmanuel Delicata

Emmanuel Delicata is a Malta based wine producer. They have worked to keep two indigenous grape varieties, Gellewza and Girgentina, from extinction. Delicata was the first to organize a national wine festival every year in the capital Valletta since 2002. Delicata Winery have made significant contributions to the legal reform of the Maltese wine trade, especially in preparing the industry for the changes after EU accession and the introduction of Q.W.P.S.R. protocols. In 2007 a new Q.W.P.S.R. system was introduced on Malta and Gozo and all of Delicata’s 2007 vintage wines falling under their brand names: Gran Cavalier; Grand Vin de Hauteville; Victoria Heights; Medina; and The Maltese Falcon now have either D.O.K. Malta, D.O.K. Gozo, or I.G.T. Maltese Islands classifications.
History.
Emmanuel Delicata is Malta’s oldest family run winery producing the widest range of Malta grown wines with George Delicata leading the firm. The company was established in 1907. Whilst other local wine producing companies also act as importers of wines and other beverages, Delicata only produces wine and is as such the Island's largest privately, family-owned bottler.
Production.
In the vineyard, Emmanuel Delicata took the lead in developing and implementing the ‘Vines for Wines’ project in 1994, in a collaborative effort with the farming community to plant more vineyards with international grape varieties. ‘Vines for Wines’ still promotes sustainable practices which are environmentally sound, economically feasible and socially equitable. The Delicata Winery also was the first winery in Malta to receive HACCP certification. Delicata’s winery is located on the waterfront overlooking the Grand Harbour of the nation's capital city Valletta. 
Awards.
The winery has been rewarded with over 70 international awards for their wines in the last few years, including Gold and Silvers in Bordeaux, Burgundy, Verona and London.

</doc>
<doc id="18550775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550775" title="122nd meridian west">
122nd meridian west

The meridian 122° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
122°W is the Seventh Meridian of the Dominion Land Survey in Canada.
The 122nd meridian west forms a great circle with the 58th meridian east.
From Pole to Pole.
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 122nd meridian west passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18550858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550858" title="Oxyothespis dumonti">
Oxyothespis dumonti

Oxyothespis dumonti, common name North African grass mantis, is a species of praying mantis from Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18550887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550887" title="Greyhound Bus Museum">
Greyhound Bus Museum

The Greyhound Bus Museum is located in Hibbing, Minnesota, where Carl Wickman and Andrew "Bus Andy" Anderson started their first bus service in 1914 transporting fellow miners in a 1914 Hupmobile.
Company history.
The Greyhound Lines was created by E.C.(Ed) Ekstrom, Carl Wickman, Andy (Bus) Anderson, and others, through a series of partnerships and mergers to become an icon, symbolizing the American dream.
Museum History.
The museum opened in September 1989 in the Hibbing Municipal Building under the name Greyhound Bus Origin Center. It was the dedicated work of one man, Gene Nicolelli, a local resident, who found a plaque in the abandoned local Greyhound Terminal honoring the town as the birthplace of the bus industry. The museum has since acquired a number of buses associated with the Greyhound Line operation. The exhibits also tell the story of the company, its contribution to the WWII efforts and display memorabilia from its history.

</doc>
<doc id="18550893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550893" title="Paul Gerber">
Paul Gerber

Paul Gerber (born in 1854; died in 1909) was a German physicist. He studied in Berlin from 1872-1875. In 1877 he became a teacher at the Realgymnasium (high school) in Stargard in Pommern. Gerber is known for his controversial work on the speed of gravity and the Perihelion shift of Mercury's orbit.
Gravitation.
Basic concept.
Based on the electrodynamic laws of Wilhelm Eduard Weber, Carl Friedrich Gauß, Bernhard Riemann, between 1870-1900 many scientists tried to combine gravitation with a finite propagation speed and tried to derive the correct value for the Perihelion shift of Mercury's orbit. In 1890 Maurice Lévy succeeded in doing so by combining the laws of Weber and Riemann, whereby the speed of gravity is equal to the speed of light in his theory. However, because the basic laws of Weber and others were wrong (for example, Weber's law was superseded by Maxwell's equations), those hypothesis were rejected.
A variation of those superseded theories (albeit not directly based on Weber's theory) was the one of Gerber, which was developed by him in 1898 and 1902. By assuming a finite speed of gravity, he developed the following expression for the gravitational potential:
Using the Binomial theorem to second order it follows:
According to Gerber, the relation of the speed of gravity (c) and the Perihelion shift (Ψ) is:
where
So Gerber was able to calculate a speed of gravity of ca. 305 000 km/s, nearly the speed of light.
Controversy.
Gerber's formula gives for the Perihelion shift:
It was noted by the Einstein- and relativity critic Ernst Gehrcke in 1916, that this formula is mathematically identical to Albert Einstein's formula (1915) for general relativity.
So Gehrcke initiated a reprint of Gerber's 1902-paper in the Annalen der Physik in 1917, where he questioned the priority of Einstein and tried to prove a possible Plagiarism by him. However, according to Albrecht Fölsing, Klaus Hentschel and Roseveare, those claims were rejected, because soon after Gerber's paper was reprinted, scientists like Hugo von Seeliger, Max von Laue published some papers, where it was claimed that Gerber's theory is inconsistent and his formula is not the consequence of his premises. And Einstein wrote in 1920:
In the recent past, Roseveare argued that Gerber's derivation is unclear, however, he claimed to have found the way by which Gerber possibly found his result (although Roseveare's derivation was criticized as well). More importantly, Roseveare showed that Gerber's theory is in conflict with experience: the value for the deflection of light in the gravitational field of the sun is too high in Gerber's theory, and if the relativistic mass is considered, also Gerber's prediction for the perihelion advance is wrong.

</doc>
<doc id="18550919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550919" title="Justin Goudot">
Justin Goudot

Justin Goudot (? – c. 1850) was a French explorer, and naturalist collector. 
Goudot was born in Jura, France. He was attached to the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle in Paris as a collector naturalist. From 1822 to 1842 he was charged by the New Granada government with founding scientific institutions.
From 1828 Goudot began collecting bird skins for the Paris museum which held what was then world’s largest bird collection. He also collected mammals, reptiles, molluscs, insects and other invertebrates as well as botanical material. He returned to France in December 1842, and between 1843 and 1846 published a series of papers on the flora and fauna of Colombia. After 1848 he again visited Colombia, where he died around 1850.
The Shining-green Hummingbird was named in his honour by Jules Bourcier, and René-Primevère Lesson named the Sickle-winged Guan for him. Diptera collected by Goudot were described by Justin Pierre Marie Macquart.

</doc>
<doc id="18550922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550922" title="Sphodromantis belachowski">
Sphodromantis belachowski

Sphodromantis belachowski, common name African mantis or African praying mantis, is a species of praying mantis from Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18550925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550925" title="Sphodromantis gastrica">
Sphodromantis gastrica

Sphodromantis gastrica, common name African mantis or common green mantis, is a species of praying mantis from Africa. It averages 65 to 75 mm in body length, and has a very diverse diet, hunting any pray of reasonable size.
Previously classified as "Hierodula bicarinata" (Saussure, 1869) and as "Sphodromantis guttata" (Giglio-Tos, 1907), this species has been found in South Africa, Namibia, Botswana, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Democratic Republic of Congo, and East Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18550928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550928" title="Sphodromantis lineola">
Sphodromantis lineola

Sphodromantis lineola, common name African mantis or African praying mantis, is a species of praying mantis from Africa sometimes raised in captivity. It may be distinguished from "Sphodromantis baccettii" by the absence of blue-black spots on its forearms.

</doc>
<doc id="18550937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550937" title="Sphodromantis centralis">
Sphodromantis centralis

Sphodromantis centralis, common name African mantis or Central African mantis, is a species of praying mantis from Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18550949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550949" title="Mathieu Hermans">
Mathieu Hermans

Mathieu Hermans (born 9 January 1963 in Goirle) is a former Dutch professional road bicycle racer. Mathieu Hermans was the Lanterne rouge of the Tour de France twice, in 1987 and 1989. He won a stage in the 1989 Tour de France. Hermans was more successful in the Vuelta a España, where he won 9 stages in total.

</doc>
<doc id="18550951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550951" title="Neowiz Games">
Neowiz Games

Neowiz Games () is an online game publisher in South Korea, with its own game portal, Pmang, publishing and servicing 41 diverse games of various genres, from sport to web board games. 
Neowiz Games possesses two in-house development studios, Neowiz Games Studio and Pentavision. The former jointly developed EA Sports FIFA online with Electronic Arts and the latter introduced Neowiz Games to the PSP platform with their title "DJMax portable".
History.
Neowiz launched Pmang rather late compared to other leading game companies in Korea, such as NCSoft or Nexon. That was in August 2003, and in November the same year, the number of visitors was significant. The first game serviced was Special Force, for which the beta test began in February 2004. In 2006, it had a 12 percent market share with 11 million registered users.
In June 2004, the company started the beta test of the school action adventure game “Yogurting”, which in December was exported to the Japanese ‘Gungho Entertainment’.
The following year, Neowiz entered into strategic partnership with over eight studios, including Thingsoft, which later developed Warlord and Perfect KO, and Pentavision, developer of Duel Gate and S4 League. Both later became Neowiz Games' own development studios. Thingsoft left Neowiz Games in 2010 to become an independent online game development studio.
In January 2006, Neowiz announced its entry into the Japanese game market and in February, it contracted with EA for the co-development and publishing of online games, thus marking the start of its international expansion. 
In 2007, Neowiz Games separated from Neowiz Corporation and became another entity, along with four other subsidiaries of Neowiz. 
Neowiz Games has also run the Magic Tree program since January 2008 as part of a corporate social responsibility program.
Neowiz Games Overseas.
Neowiz Games China was established in September 2007 and is located in Shanghai. Close to 20 people, Korean and Chinese, are employed in business development and online game development, mainly in graphic and design work. In Japan, Neowiz Games took over iFactory, a Japanese internet service company, in May 2003. Neowiz Japan launched Sayclub Japanto provide chat and individual ‘mini-homepages’ and blogs. In 2006, Neowiz Japan began providing online game services, with a music rhythm action game R2Beat. In 2007, Neowiz Games and Game On, an online game company among the top three in Japan, became partners. In 2008 Neowiz Games began to operate its business through Game On. A branch office was opened in 2008 in the Silicon Valley of the USA to service online/web based games directly to the US market, and to oversee the development business of Hidden Path Entertainment (HPE), a Bellevue, WA based developer and a partner of Neowiz Games.
Games.
Among the arcade/action games are "Duel Gate" (developed by Pentavision) and "Perfect KO" (developed by Neowiz Games Studio). The first is an action-based tactical game with Trading Card Game (TCG) features. The second is an action
fighting game, available individually or as teams, involving various types of martial art.
FPS/TPS.
A.V.A
Developer: RedDuck. Genre: FPS
Military action FPS game with realistic fight. A.V.A was created by implementing Unreal Engine 3's highly advanced technology. 
Crossfire
Developer: Smilegate. Genre: FPS
Military action FPS game. Developed by Smilegate, a company known for its FPS games, Crossfire the realistic features make space for a fierce war between mercenary corporations. It provides the most basic and important characteristics of an online FPS game, including realistic hit impact, a strategic battle map and existing units and weapons. Players can fully customize their characters and enjoy the game through various modes (team match, clan match, death match and tutorial mode). 
Crossfire is also known for taking in account the opinions of the players since its development stage and for offering the opportunity of a ghost match with invisible enemies. 
S4League
Developer': Formerly - Pentavision/Now - GameOn Studio (Separate S4 Team from Pentavision and merged with Japanese Team) Genre: TPS
A fusion genre TPS Game with action. The title of the game comes from the 4 S words defining this game: ‘stylish’ for the style of the game, 'eSper' because it draws a supernatural world, ‘shooting’ for the type of game and ‘sports’ for the basic rules of this game.
Battlefield Online
Developer: Neowiz Games, EA Digital Illusion CE. Genre: FPS
Military action FPS game, remake of Battlefield 2. Unlike Battlefield 2, Battlefield Online supports max 100 players' battles.
RPG.
Warlord
Developer: Neowiz Games Studio. Genre: Action RPG
‘1 vs. mass’ hardcore slashing on a single battle field. Despite the new genre, strong initial combat impact, skills, combinations and new items are the elements of motivation, with wide scope on both Western and Eastern world views.
Sports/Racing.
Dugout Heroes
Developer: Wisecat. Genre: Sports
Online baseball game with cute characters and detailed action and animation. The speed and realistic baseball tactics and strategies provide the same pleasure and fun as in a real game. Being the only baseball game using mouse clicks, players find it easier to control.
Mobile.
Tap Sonic
Developer: Neowiz Internet Genre:Rhythm
A spin-off of Pentavision's DJMax series, this is a similar iOS/Android game where the player slides his or her fingers to notes according to music. The game uses a in-app pay system to obtain additional songs. Unlike DJMAX however, many songs here are licenced Korean pop, with DJMAX originals downloadable through in-app purchases.
Further reading.
1. A Study on Global Digital Content Industry: Game by the Korea IT Industry Promotion Agency "in Korean"
2. IRG Technology, Media and Telecommunications and Life Sciences Weekly Market Review Week of 18–24 March 2007

</doc>
<doc id="18550975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550975" title="Elizabeth Denison">
Elizabeth Denison

Elizabeth Denison may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18550989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550989" title="Jean-Camille DeGrâce">
Jean-Camille DeGrâce

Jean-Camille DeGrâce (born July 3, 1941) is an educator and former political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He represented Lamèque-Shippagan-Miscou in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1995 to 1999 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Shippagan, New Brunswick, the son of Felix DeGrâce and Pauline Chiasson. DeGrâce was educated at the University of Moncton. He was a teacher and principal. DeGrâce also served as mayor of Shippagan. He was Minister of State for Tourism and Culture from 1998 to 1999. DeGrâce was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18550990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18550990" title="Andrew Hodges">
Andrew Hodges

Andrew Hodges (born in London, 1949) is a mathematician, an author and an activist in the gay liberation movement of the 1970s.
Since the early 1970s, Hodges has worked on twistor theory which is the approach to the problems of fundamental physics pioneered by Roger Penrose.
Hodges is best known as the author of "Alan Turing: The Enigma", the story of the British computer pioneer and codebreaker Alan Turing. The book was chosen by Michael Holroyd as part of a list of 50 'essential' books (that were currently available in print) in "The Guardian", 1 June 2002. He is also the author of works that popularize science and mathematics.
He is a Tutorial Fellow in mathematics at Wadham College, Oxford University. Having taught at Wadham since 1986, Hodges was elected a Fellow in 2007, and was appointed Dean from start of the 2011/2012 academic year.
His book, "Alan Turing: The Enigma", is being made into a film starring Benedict Cumberbatch as Alan Turing which will be released in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18551003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551003" title="Point Andalusia">
Point Andalusia

The Point Andalusia (German: "Planquadrat Andalusien") was a set, secret, location in the Southern Atlantic Ocean, used by warships of the German "Kriegsmarine" during the Second World War.
History.
The location was used by German warships to re-supply during operation in the Southern Atlantic Ocean against allied merchant ships. The location was at 15° S 18° W.
It was an important supply point used by a variety of German ships during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="18551004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551004" title="1997 Qatar Open">
1997 Qatar Open

The 1997 Qatar Open, known as the 1997 Qatar Mobil Open, for sponsorship reasins, was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Khalifa International Tennis Complex in Doha in Qatar and was part of the World Series of the 1997 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from December 30, 1996 through January 6, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18551006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551006" title="CASC">
CASC

CASC or Casc may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18551015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551015" title="Sphodromantis">
Sphodromantis

Sphodromantis is a large genus of praying mantises concentrated in Africa, sometimes considered a synonym of the genus "Hierodula". Outside their range especially, many share the common name African Mantis.
Captivity.
"Sphodromantis" species are very common in the mantis pet trade. List of "Sphodromantis" species that have been bred and raised in captivity.
Species.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="18551027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551027" title="Nuwe Eersterus">
Nuwe Eersterus

New Eersterust (Nuwe Eersterus) is a township in northwestern Gauteng province, South Africa, about 39 km northwest of Pretoria. It is bordered to the west by Soshanguve and to the east by Hammanskraal. The township is commonly known as "Eestrus".
History.
It was incorporated into the Gauteng province in 2004 under the jurisdiction of the Tshwane Metro.
Economics.
The township is one of the most underdeveloped in the Tshwane Area. The township is known for its nightlife and party scene. Weekends are never completed without parties.
Education.
The mostly widely spoken language is Tswana, since New Eersterust boasts with 4 primary schools with SeTswana as a medium of instruction, 1 high school and a secondary school.
Subdivisions.
The township is divided in blocks A, B, C, D1, D2, E, F1, F2, F3, F4 and Soutpan, where the Tswaing crater museum is situated. The museum is situated 3 km away from the bustling township centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18551030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551030" title="Praia de Valadares">
Praia de Valadares

Praia de Valadares is a Portuguese place, located in the parish of Valadares.
Nature and Climate.
Praia de Valadares is located on the seashore and has an Oceanic Climate. The native vegetation is mainly composed by pine trees. In spite of that fact, the forest areas in Praia de Valadares have a mix of pine trees and eucalyptus.
History.
Nowadays, the oldest building in Praia de Valadares is Sanatório Marítimo do Norte (a sanatorium - place where diseases like tuberculosis were treated), built in 1916. It was the construction of that building, that started developing Praia de Valadares. Before that, Praia de Valadares had nothing but agricultural fields and forest. In the 1920/1930s the oldest standing houses in Praia de Valadares were built in Largo da Praia. In 1930 was built the Clínica Heliântia, a project of the architect Francisco de Oliveira Ferreira, who also projected Sanatório Marítimo do Norte. In the decade of 60 was created the first school (Escola da Marinha) in Praia de Valadares, replacing an old "Posto de Ensino" (centre of teaching). 
The Beaches.
Praia de Valadares means "Valadares' Beach", because this place is on the seashore. The beaches in Praia de Valadares have both (Norte and Sul) a blue flag. There are several bars and cafés near them.
Culture.
The patron saint of this place is S. Salvador, to whom every year is dedicated a small feast "Festa em honra do Divino Salvador". There is also a chapel in Praia de Valadares with the name of this saint. 
Main problems.
Alcoholism and illiteracy are the main problems of this place, affecting mainly the old people. In the 1970s/1980s, there was a wide spread of drugs consumption and sale in Praia de Valadares, which decreased in the 1990s as a consequence of the growing urban development. There is also some prostitution in the forest zones.

</doc>
<doc id="18551039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551039" title="Coordinated Regional Incident Management (Netherlands)">
Coordinated Regional Incident Management (Netherlands)

The Coordinated Regional Incident-Management Procedure or Gecoördineerde Regionale Incidentbestrijdings Procedure (GRIP) is a nationwide emergency management procedure in the Netherlands.
The procedure is used by all emergency services, different layers of government and government agencies.
The nationwide digital communication system C2000 is used for communications between the various emergency services and the policy teams and coordination centres.
Stages.
The procedure is scaled according to the affected area of an incident. There are four stages with an unofficial Stage 0 for normal day-to-day operations during small incidents. 
GRIP 1.
Due to the nature of the incident several emergency services are needed (fire, Emergency medical services, police) and their deployment needs coordination. A coordination team consisting of duty officers of the involved services is set up; there is no single commander.
GRIP 2.
A single command is established. This team is housed at a central location in the region and consists of managers of the involved services.
The mayor of the affected municipality is informed; he will order (part of) the municipal policy team to convene. Since the mayor is the commander in chief in civilian emergencies his policy team will advise him on further actions such as evacuations.
GRIP 3.
A large area is affected. The mayor will order his full policy team and the municipal disaster management team to convene. The regional operational team will also convene in full composition.
A mayor of one of the municipalities in the region is appointed as coordinating mayor; this is usually the mayor of the largest city in the region. This person chairs the regional policy team which further consists of chiefs of the emergency services and other advisors.
The Queen's Commissioner is informed, who in turn informs the Minister of the Interior.
The incident can formally be classified as a disaster, although GRIP 3 can also be used in case of an impending disaster.
GRIP 4.
The effects of the disaster affect more than one municipality or even more than one province or country. The Queen's Commissioner orders the Provincial Coordination Center (PCC) into action. The mayors of the affected municipalities still function as commanders in chief in their own areas, but the commissioner has the power to give mayors orders. The commissioner has a coordinating role as long as the incident's effects do not affect other provinces. If other provinces are affected the Minister of the Interior assumes the coordinating role; he has the power to give the Queen's commissioners orders.
The minister will make use of the National Coordination Centre (NCC), which is continuously staffed. The NCC functions as an international point of contact when other nations are involved, either as affected areas or when providing assistance.

</doc>
<doc id="18551047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551047" title="HMS Blackwood (K313)">
HMS Blackwood (K313)

HMS "Blackwood" was a Captain-class frigate of the "Evarts-class" of destroyer escort, originally commissioned to be built for the U.S. Navy. Before she was finished in 1942, she was transferred to the Royal Navy under the terms of Lend-Lease, and saw service during the Second World War.
Career.
"Blackwood" was built by Boston Navy Yard, Massachusetts, USA and commissioned into the Royal Navy on 27 March 1943. She saw service on anti-submarine patrols and as a convoy escort. On 23 November 1943 she and the frigates HMS "Bazely" and HMS "Drury" sank the U-boat "U-648" north-east of the Azores, and two days later on 25 November "Bazely" and "Blackwood" sank "U-600" north of Punta Delgada.
"Blackwood" was part of the 4th Escort Group and was on patrol in the western approaches to the English Channel on 15 June 1944, covering ships bound for the allied invasion of Normandy when she was sighted by "U-764", which fired a Gnat at her. "Blackwood" was hit and damaged, killing 57 of the crew. She was taken under tow, but foundered off Portland Bill the following day. The wreck lies in position . in 60 meters of water, and is designated as a "protected place" under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18551067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551067" title="Thomas Walker Horsfield">
Thomas Walker Horsfield

Rev. Thomas Walker Horsfield FSA (1792 Sheffield - 1837 Chowbent, Lancashire), was an English Nonconformist minister, topographer, and historian best known for his works "The History and Antiquities of Lewes" (1824-26) and "The History, Antiquities and Topography of the County of Sussex" (1835).
Life.
He was the eldest of six children of James Horsfield and Ann Hewett who were married on 29 July 1790 in St Peter's Cathedral, Sheffield, Yorkshire. 
Horsfield was minister at the Westgate Chapel in Lewes, later changed from Presbyterian to Unitarian. He found time from his ministerial duties to take on pupils.
In 1835, Horsfield was appointed to succeed Benjamin Rigby Davis as presbyterian minister at the Chowbent Chapel, Atherton, Lancashire. 
He died there on 26 August 1837, leaving a widow and eight children.
Works.
His "History of Sussex" in two volumes became a standard reference work for later Sussex historians.
Horsfield compiled for John Baxter "The History and Antiquities of Lewes and its vicinity" (with an appendix, an "Essay on the Natural History of the District" by Gideon Mantell), two vols. Lewes, 1824–7. This was followed by a more major undertaking, "The History and Antiquities and Topography of the County of Sussex", two vols. Lewes, 1835. For the first volume, which contains East Sussex, Horsfield was assisted by William Durrant Cooper; the second volume, on West Sussex, is mainly an abridgment of the histories of James Dallaway and Edmund Cartwright (1773–1833).

</doc>
<doc id="18551081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551081" title="1998 Qatar Open">
1998 Qatar Open

The 1998 Qatar Open, known as the 1995 Qatar ExxonMobil Open, for sponsorship reasons, was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Doha, Qatar that was part of the International Series of the 1998 ATP Tour. The tournament was held from January 5 through January 12, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18551104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551104" title="Mellitic anhydride">
Mellitic anhydride

Mellitic anhydride, the anhydride of mellitic acid, is an organic compound with the formula C12O9.
Mellitic anhydride is an oxide of carbon (oxocarbon), like CO2, CO, and C3O2. It is a white sublimable solid, apparently obtained by Liebig and Wöhler in 1830 in their study of mellite ("honey stone"); they assigned it the formula C4O3. The substance was properly characterized in 1913 by H. Meyer and K. Steiner. It retains the aromatic character of the benzene ring.

</doc>
<doc id="18551117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551117" title="Oxocarbon">
Oxocarbon

An oxocarbon or oxide of carbon is an inorganic compound consisting only of carbon and oxygen.
The simplest and most common oxocarbons are carbon monoxide (CO) and carbon dioxide (CO2). Many other stable or metastable oxides of carbon are known, but they are rarely encountered, such as carbon suboxide (C3O2 or O=C=C=C=O) and mellitic anhydride (C12O9). 
While textbooks will often list only the first three, and rarely the fourth, a large number of other oxides are known today, most of them synthesized since the 1960s. Some of these new oxides are stable at room temperature. Some are metastable or stable only at very low temperatures, but decompose to simpler oxocarbons when warmed. Many are inherently unstable and can be observed only momentarily as intermediates in chemical reactions or are so reactive that they can exist only in the gas phase or under matrix isolation conditions. 
The inventory of oxocarbons appears to be steadily growing. The existence of graphene oxide and of other stable polymeric carbon oxides with unbounded molecular structures suggests that many more remain to be discovered.
Overview.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) occurs widely in nature, and was incidentally manufactured by humans since pre-historical times, by the combustion of carbon-containing substances and fermentation of foods such as beer and bread. It was gradually recognized as a chemical substance, formerly called "spiritus sylvestre" ("forest spirit") or "fixed air", by various chemists in the 17th and 18th centuries. 
Carbon monoxide may occur in combustion, too, and was used (though not recognized) since antiquity for the smelting of iron from its ores. Like the dioxide, it was described and studied in the West by various alchemists and chemists since the Middle Ages. Its true composition was discovered by William Cruikshank in 1800. 
Carbon suboxide was discovered by Brodie in 1873, by passing electric current through carbon dioxide.
The fourth "classical" oxide, mellitic anhydride (C12O9), was apparently obtained by Liebig and Wöhler in 1830 in their study of mellite ("honeystone"), but was characterized only in 1913, by Meyer and Steiner.
Brodie also discovered in 1859 a fifth compound called graphite oxide, consisting of carbon and oxygen in ratios varying between 2:1 and 3:1; but the nature and molecular structure of this substance remained unknown until a few years ago, when it was renamed graphene oxide and became a topic of research in nanotechnology.
Notable examples of unstable or metastable oxides that were detected only in extreme situations are dicarbon monoxide radical (:C=C=O), carbon trioxide (CO3), carbon tetroxide (), carbon pentoxide (), carbon hexoxide () and 1,2-dioxetanedione (C2O4). Some of these reactive carbon oxides were detected within molecular clouds in the interstellar medium by rotational spectroscopy.
Many hypothetical oxocarbons have been studied by theoretical methods but have yet to be detected. Examples include oxalic anhydride (C2O3 or O=(C2O)=O), ethylene dione (C2O2 or O=C=C=O) and other linear or cyclic polymers of carbon monoxide (-CO-)"n" (polyketones), and linear or cyclic polymers of carbon dioxide (-CO2-)"n", such as the dimer 1,3-dioxetanedione (C2O4) and the trimer 1,3,5-trioxanetrione (C3O6).
General structure.
Normally carbon is tetravalent while oxygen is divalent, and in most oxocarbons (as in most other carbon compounds) each carbon atom may be bound to four other atoms, while oxygen may be bound to at most two. Moreover, while carbon can connect to other carbons to form arbitrarily large chains or networks, chains of three or more oxygens are rarely if ever observed. Thus the known electrically neutral oxocarbons generally consist of one or more carbon skeletons (including cyclic and aromatic structures) connected and terminated by oxide (-O-, =O) or peroxide (-O-O-) groups. 
Carbon atoms with unsatisfied bonds are found in some oxides, such as the diradical C2O or :C=C=O; but these compounds are generally too reactive to be isolated in bulk. Loss or gain of electrons can result in monovalent negative oxygen (-), trivalent positive oxygen (≡), or trivalent negative carbon (≡). The last two are found in carbon monoxide, −C≡O+. Negative oxygen occurs in most oxocarbon anions.
Linear carbon dioxides.
One family of carbon oxides has the general formula CnO2, or O=(C=)"n"O — namely, a linear chain of carbon atoms, capped by oxygen atoms at both ends. The first members are
Some higher members of this family have been detected in trace amounts in low-pressure gas phase and/or cryogenic matrix experiments, specifically for "n" = 7 and "n" = 17, 19, and 21.
Linear carbon monoxides.
Another family of oxocarbons are the linear carbon monoxides C"n"O. The first member, ordinary carbon monoxide CO, seems to be the only one that is stable in the pure state at room temperature. Photolysis of the linear carbon dioxides in a cryogenic matrix leads to loss of CO, resulting in detectable amounts of even-numbered monoxides such as C2O, C4O, and C6O. The members up to "n"=9 have also been obtained by electrical discharge on gaseous C3O2 diluted in argon. The first three members have been detected in interstellar space2 of ??? for CO, 6 × 10-1 for C2O (seems wrong -- perhaps 6 × 10-10?), and 1.4 × 10-10 forC3O-->.
When "n" is even, the molecules are believed to be in the triplet (cumulene-like) state, with the atoms connected by double bonds and an unfilled orbital in the first carbon — as in :C=C=O, :C=C=C=C=O, and, in general, :(C=)"n"=O. When "n" is odd, the triplet structure is believed to resonate with a singlet (acetylene-type) polar state with a negative charge on the carbon end and a positive one on the oxygen end, as in −C≡C-C≡O+, −C≡C-C≡C-C≡O+, and, in general, −(C≡C-)("n"-1)/2C≡O+. Carbon monoxide itself follows this pattern: its predominant form is believed to be −C≡O+.
Radialene-type cyclic polyketones.
Another family of oxocarbons that has attracted special attention are the cyclic radialene-type oxocarbons C"n"O"n" or (CO)"n". They can be regarded as cyclic polymers of carbon monoxide, or "n"-fold ketones of "n"-carbon cycloalkanes. Carbon monoxide itself (CO) can be regarded as the first member. Theoretical studies indicate that ethylene dione (C2O2 or O=C=C=O) and cyclopropanetrione C3O3 do not exist. The next three members — C4O4, C5O5, and C6O6 — are theoretically possible, but are expected to be quite unstable, and so far they have been synthesized only in trace amounts.
On the other hand, the anions of these oxocarbons are quite stable, and some of them have been known since the 19th century. They are
The cyclic oxide C6O6 also forms the stable anions of tetrahydroxy-1,4-benzoquinone (C6O64−) and benzenehexol (C6O66−), The aromaticity of these anions has been studied using theoretical methods.
New oxides.
Many new stable or metastable oxides have been synthesized since the 1960s, such as:
Many relatives of these oxides have been investigated theoretically, and some are expected to be stable, such as other carbonate and oxalate esters of tetrahydroxy-1,2-benzoquinone and of the rhodizonic, croconic, squaric, and deltic acids.
Polymeric carbon oxides.
Carbon suboxide spontaneously polymerizes at room temperature into a carbon-oxygen polymer, with 3:2 carbon:oxygen atomic ratio. The polymer is believed to be a linear chain of fused six-membered lactone rings, with a continuous carbon backbone of alternating single and double bonds. Physical measurements indicate that the mean number of units per molecule is about 5–6, depending on the formation temperature.
Carbon monoxide compressed to 5 GPa in a diamond anvil cell yields a somewhat similar reddish polymer with a slightly higher oxygen content, which is metastable at room conditions. It is believed that CO disproportionates in the cell to a mixture of CO2 and C3O2; the latter forms a polymer similar to the one described above (but with a more irregular structure), that traps some of the CO2 in its matrix.
Another carbon-oxygen polymer, with C:O ratio 5:1 or higher, is the classical graphite oxide and its single-sheet version graphene oxide.

</doc>
<doc id="18551130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551130" title="Citizen enterprise">
Citizen enterprise

The term citizen enterprise started to be used in the USA in 2008 to describe businesses that practice corporate social responsibility (CSR).
Information.
In some countries, such as Papua New Guinea, the term is used to describe companies owned by citizens of that country, rather than by foreigners.
It should not be confused with social enterprise, which is a more complex notion involving origin, ownership and participation as well as objectives, activities and the use of profits.

</doc>
<doc id="18551154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551154" title="Peyton baronets">
Peyton baronets

There have been five baronetcies created for members of the old established family of Peyton of Peyton Hall, all of whom were descended from Sir Robert Peyton of Isleham who died in 1518. All the baronetcies are extinct.
The Peyton Baronetcy, of Isleham in the County of Cambridge, was created in the Baronetage of England on 22 May 1611 for John Peyton, a great-grandson of Sir Robert. The first and second Baronets both served as Member of Parliament for Cambridgeshire. This Baronetcy was extinct in 1815 on the death of the eighth Baronet.
The Peyton Baronetcy, of Knowlton in the County of Kent, was created in the Baronetage of England on 29 June 1611 for Samuel Peyton, also a great-grandson of Sir Robert and a second cousin of Sir John. His son Sir Thomas, the second Baronet, was a Member of Parliament in the Restoration Parliament of 1660. The Baronetcy was extinct on his death.
The Peyton Baronetcy, of Doddington in the County of Cambridge, was created on 10 December 1660 for John Peyton, a great-grandson of Sir Robert and second cousin once removed of the baronets of Isleham and Knowlton. This Sir John died unmarried soon after his preferment and the baronetcy was recreated on 21 March 1667 for his brother Algernon. The Baronetcy was extinct on the death of the third Baronet in 1771. The Baronetcy was created for the third time on 18 September 1776 for Henry Dashwood, son of Margaret Peyton, daughter of Sir Sewster Peyton, second Baronet of the second creation. Dashwood, who was related to the Dashwood baronets changed his name by Act of Parliament to Henry Dashwood Peyton. From about 1830 the family seat was Swifts House, Stoke Lyne, Oxfordshire. The second baronet served as High Sheriff of Cambridgeshire and Huntingdonshire for 1808 and the fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh Baronets served as High Sheriff of Oxfordshire for 1871, 1881, 1896 and 1928 respectively. The first and second Baronets sat as MPs for Cambridgeshire in 1782 and 1802 respectively. The baronetcy was extinct on the death of the seventh Baronet in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="18551158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551158" title="Phyllovates">
Phyllovates

Phyllovates is genus of praying mantises. Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="18551159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551159" title="MRT Brown Line">
MRT Brown Line

The Brown Line is rapid transit line under preliminary study in Bangkok, Thailand. <br> The 20.5 km long Brown line is under study by the OTP. It is proposed to run from Khae Rai, Nonthaburi to Bueng Kum, Minburi with 21 stations and be a monorail line.
The line was originally proposed as the Gold Line by the Pheu Thai party for the Bangkok Governors election held in March 2013. This was in response to objections by Kasetsart University to long proposed Expressway extensions in the area. The line would essentially have replaced the need to build an elevated Expressway. However, the Pheu Thai candidate did not win the Bangkok Governor election and the Gold Line was dropped with the Deputy Minister of Transport stating that land appropriation costs were too high. Subsequently, OTP has reworked the Gold Line proposal into a new Brown Line following much the same route. As of June 2013 the route was under preliminary study by OTP.
This line should not be confused with the original 2004 13 km MRT Brown Line proposal from Bangkapi to Min Buri. This was subsequently merged in 2009 into an extended MRT Orange Line.
Alignment.
The Brown Line would start at Nonthaburi Civic Center (interchange with MRT Purple Line & MRT Pink Line) to Khae Rai then east along Ngam Wong Wan road to Vihavadi-Rangsit road (interchange with SRT Dark Red Line) and continue east to Kaset (interchange with BTS Sukhumvit Line).
It would then head east along Prasote Manukit road (AKA Kaset-Namawin rd) past Chalong Rat Expressway (interchange with the proposed Grey Line) to Namawin rd. The line then heads south along Namawin rd and cuts through directly south east from Namawin soi 30 junction to Seri Thai rd soi 35 junction. The line then heads further south east where it terminates at Ramkhamhaeng rd (soi 129/1 junction)to interchange with MRT Orange Line.
Progress.
Proposed line as of mid 2013 and under study by OTP. In August 2013, the MRTA approved the line in principle with a time frame of completing design by 2016, followed by a 3 year construction period for a 2021 opening. 
List of planned stations.
The 30.4 km Brown line will have 21 stations (plus 2 potential future stations):
Note: Station names are provisional.
Future Stations:
1) Prasoed Manookij Soi 25 between Stations 11 & 12
2) Nawamin Soi 42 between Stations 18 & 19.

</doc>
<doc id="18551169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551169" title="The Callen Sisters">
The Callen Sisters

The Callen Sisters are a pair of sisters-duo singer-songwriters with unique and unusual instrumentation incorporating harp and guitar for folk-rock music.
Members.
The pair is composed of elder sister Jessa Callen (Born 1982) and younger sister Beth Callen (Born 1984), both raised in Westport, Massachusetts, and Saratoga Springs, New York.
Both sisters were fond of music since childhood, and received inspiration and support from their mother, Kim. They both learned piano at a young age, both played woodwind instruments (Jessa - flute, Beth - clarinet), and then both played guitar. The sisters both played in their school's Jazz band, Jessa on guitar and Beth on bass guitar. Jessa switched to harp after their move to Upstate New York in the late '90s. 
Jessa later received formal training in composition and harp and earned her BM in music composition with a minor in harp performance. She became a professional harpist and accomplished studio musician, having recorded for several film scores and artists' solo albums.
The sisters had been performing together since high school and both decided to enroll at SUNY Purchase to pursue their musical dreams. A series of family losses, including Karen (their aunt), Kim (their mother) and Dorothy (their grandmother) in the years 2003, 2004 and 2005 respectively, enhanced their closeness. They found refuge in each other and in their music, which enriched their songwriting qualities and deep compassion.
This became the catalyst of the formation of The Callen Sisters. Their premiere performance after formation was August 22, 2006 along with Dan Castellani on keyboards, Chris Anderson on bass, and Dave Gluck on drums.
Their debut self-titled album was released in October 2007 with Dan Castellani as producer, arranger and keyboardist of the album. Both sisters share songwriting and vocal roles (6 from Jessa and 6 from Beth) with several studio musicians. Their songs deal with the personal experiences, societal insights, and raw emotions of both sisters.
Their music is influenced by Fiona Apple and Tori Amos, Jimi Hendrix and Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young. The interplay between Jessa's harp and Beth's guitar with their voices, creates a unique sound effect.
Jessa plays Camac Harps and Beth plays Taylor Guitars.
Albums.
2007 - The Callen Sisters.
The Band

</doc>
<doc id="18551173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551173" title="1999 Qatar Open">
1999 Qatar Open

The 1999 Qatar Open, known as the 1999 Qatar Mobil Open, for sponsorship reasons, was a men's tennis tournament held in Doha, Qatar and part of the World Series of the 1999 ATP Tour. The tournament was played on hard court and was held from January 4 through January 11. Rainer Schüttler won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="18551187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551187" title="The Haunted Drum">
The Haunted Drum

The Haunted Drum is a Thai 2007 horror drama film.
Plot.
Ping wishes to become a musician. He becomes a student of Master Duang, a famous master musician. Master Duang owned the mysterious drum called Peung Mang, which is said to have been made by the skin of a beautiful woman named Thip. Ping falls in love with a beautiful girl who teaches him how to master drum skills but she is in fact the ghost living inside the drum. Meanwhile, an arrogant musician called Muan tried to convince all the students to leave Master Duang. Some students died horribly. Even if Muan is defeated by Ping during a drum contest, things get worst and the drum becomes not only an instrument of music but also an instrument of death.

</doc>
<doc id="18551188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551188" title="Ceiling (disambiguation)">
Ceiling (disambiguation)

Ceiling may refer to one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18551203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551203" title="Butterfly (game)">
Butterfly (game)

Butterfly (or Gulugufe in the Tonga language of Zambia, Malawi and Mozambique) is a two-player abstract strategy game. The game is related to draughts and Alquerque. It is a similar game to Lau kata kati from India which may suggest a historical connection between the two games.
Goal.
To capture all of your opponent's pieces
Equipment.
The board is essentially two triangles joined together at a common vertex which makes the board look like a butterly. Each triangle will be referred to as a wing in this article. Two lines cross the breadth of each triangle forming the second and third ranks, and another line that runs down the length of the triangle through the common vertex. There is a total of 19 intersection points for the pieces to be played upon. 
Each player has nine pieces. One player plays black, and the other player plays white, however, any two colors or distinguishable objects will suffice.

</doc>
<doc id="18551205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551205" title="Nottingham Carrington Street railway station">
Nottingham Carrington Street railway station

Nottingham Carrington Street railway station was the first railway station in Nottingham, opened in 1840 by the Midland Counties Railway. Initially there were two lines with a central platform as well as side ones according to Billson. Victorian civil engineer Francis Whishaw described the station as:
"The elevation next to the road to Nottingham is of plain but neat design. It consists of a central portion and two wings; the central portion contains the entrance hall, which is of the whole height of the building. In the right wing is the booking office for first and second class passengers, with windows (looking to the hall) at which the passengers receive their tickets; the third class passengers obtain their tickets at a counter fixed in the hall. In the left-wing is the boardroom and clerks offices; and in a building projecting towards the passenger shed in the rear is a waiting room for ladies."
The shed is covered with a light iron roof in two spans, which is supported on the departure side by a brick wall, in which there are eight windows; and on the arrival side, and along the middle line, by two rows of cast iron columns, nine in each row.""
However, Whishaw in 1840 writes the station had grown to four lines. As was usual in those days there were "as many turntables without the shed; the cross line intersecting which communicates with the carriage wharf or landing, which is on the arrival side". This arrangement would probably be similar to that at Derby, allowing coaches to be manhandled between tracks to form trains.
On the north side the station was next to the canal and a small warehouse allowed for transshipment of cargoes between the canal and railway. The original gateposts to the yard and the bridge under the towpath still survive.
In view of plans by the Midland Railway, as it had become, to extend the line to Lincoln two extra lines with platforms were added on the south side of the station crossing Carrington Street on the level. 
However by the time the Lincoln line opened in 1846, it was clear that the station could not cope. Not only was there additional traffic from the Erewash Valley Line, and a line from Mansfield was planned, the Ambergate, Nottingham, Boston and Eastern Junction Railway had been approved with running rights over the Midland metals into the station.
Accordingly a new station was built beyond Carrington Street on the West Croft fronting a newly built Station Street. This station Nottingham Midland opened in 1848.
The site of the station is now occupied by Nottingham Magistrates' Court.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="18551208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551208" title="Zed (company)">
Zed (company)

Zed is a multiplatform digital entertainment company based in Spain that develops and markets entertainment and community products and services for all platforms. The company is the leading mobile phone value-added services (MVAS) player in the world in terms of revenue and geographical footprint. Zed operates in 60 countries, including Europe's largest markets, United States, India and China and holds agreements with 130 wireless operators all over the world, reaching 2 billion mobiles subscribers. 
The company is characterized for its development in services in the field of interactive leisure and entertainment, in mobile phones as well as the Internet. The range of products and services of Zed are 85% internally developed and available for the following platforms: Brew, Java, Symbian, Mac and Windows. 
Zed belongs to Zed Group, a large organization of privately held interlocking European companies at the forefront of mobile phone and internet entertainment, film animation and video game production. Other important companies of Zed Group are Ilion Animation Studios –production company specialized in computer-generated animation feature films like Planet 51- and Pyro Studios –video game developer including “Commandos”.
History.
The Perez Dolset family founded the company in Spain in 1996. The family launched the web portal LaNetro, whose objective was to offer interactive leisure and entertainment content accessible from any device with access to the internet. 
In 2002, they decided to focus on value added services for mobile phones. Two years later, La Netro acquired a mobile phone content provider, Zed, from Nordic operator TeliaSonera. The company changed its name to LaNetro Zed and kept Zed as its brand for mobile content and services. 
Four years later, in December 2006 Zed acquired Monstermob, one of its competitors based in the United Kingdom. That same year Zed acquired Alvento, a Spanish mobile phone services company. 
In February 2007, Zed markets the first web 2.0 based platform integrating mobile phones and web services, where members can participate in the creation of content which is then shared within the community. LaNetro Zed becomes Zed Worldwide. Later that year Zed passed a milestone grossing $100 million in revenue in a single month. In the United States Zed began to offer its content via RingToneJukeBox.com.
By early 2008 Zed Group established a joint venture with Grupo Planeta to manage the local guides LaNetro.com business. In addition, Zed acquired Netpeople expanding its presence in the Latin American market.
In August 2008, Zed merged with two other companies founded by the Perez Dolset brothers, Pyro Studios (video game developer including Commandos) and Ilion Animation Studios (production company specialized in computer-generated animation feature films). 
Besides, Zed has announced an agreement with the NBA to expand the league’s mobile phone offerings reaching basketball fans throughout North America, Europe and countries in Asia. Also, Zed has acquired Mobitween, a developer and publisher of Flash-based content for mobile and online environments.
In 2009, Zed acquired Player X, British mobile media company specializing in Operators Portal Management, games and mobile TV & Video and Temafon, the exclusive content aggregator to one of the “big three” Russian operators Beeline. During 2009 Zed also started operations in Brazil, and holds today operations in 60 countries. 
Another remarkable step for the group during 2009 corresponds to sister company Ilion Animation Studios, which premiered in November Planet 51, the highest-grossing Spanish movie globally on 2009.
Products and services.
One of the Zed’s main B2B business lines is its Master Content Provider (MCP). More than 32 operators worldwide have already partnered with Zed on this one-stop-shop solution that reaches 600 million subscribers worldwide.
The company provides mobile marketing solutions, consulting services and application development for companies and public sector across its business unit Zed Business Solutions. The Zed B2B solutions are focused on supporting an increase in sales whilst also complementing marketing and communications campaigns. 
In 2009, Zed started the Zed TV business unit. Its first format to go live -more have followed and some are in the process to be aired- was a Weekly Reality show. It combined Live TV, SMS and Social Networking gathering 100.000 regular Internet users, 2 million single participants and increasing the average share rate for the channel (Spanish number #3 national TV channel –Antena3).
On the D2C segment, Zed owns a cathalogue of games for mobile phones and Internet. It is updated monthly and all of the Zed games are compatible with the greater part of the market terminals, including the iPhone and iPod Touch. 
On November, 2009 Zed launched Planet 51 Online, a Massive Multiplayer Online Game available for desktops and laptops, based on the computer-generated animated movie Planet 51. The game allows players to explore an online virtual world populated by other film fans connected via the internet.

</doc>
<doc id="18551212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551212" title="Voices in the Wilderness">
Voices in the Wilderness

Masada Anniversary Edition Volume 2: Voices in the Wilderness is the second album in a series of five releases celebrating the 10th anniversary of John Zorn's Masada songbook project. It features 24 compositions by Zorn, each performed by different ensembles.
Reception.
The Allmusic site awarded the album 3½ stars. The Klezmer Shack stated "for the wonderous ways in which these compositions are re-discovered and re-explored by a host of ensembles around the world, this collection becomes essential... This tribute only hints at the influence that Zorn and his Masada music have had internationally... This set is a wonderful starting point to get a sense of the music, or to enjoy its diversity and diverse interpretation".

</doc>
<doc id="18551224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551224" title="Carrington railway station">
Carrington railway station

Carrington railway station was a railway station in Nottingham on the Great Central Railway main line, the last main line to be built from the north of England to London. The station opened with the line on 15 March 1899, and served the Nottingham suburb of Carrington until 1928.
History.
The station was opened by the Great Central Railway on its London Extension and was one of only two original stations on the line to have its platforms on each side, rather than having a single central island. It served a relatively affluent residential area about a mile to the north of the city centre along the Mansfield Road, and thus was popular with business people, and was built in a deep cutting 154 yards (140 metres) in length between the Sherwood Rise and Mansfield Road Tunnels. Had it not been for Carrington station the line would have remained underground here.
There were small waiting rooms on the platforms, but the booking office and main buildings were at street level with a long path leading down to the platforms. However by the time the station was opened, the city's electric tram network was already well established, and this limited the station's usage. It was closed to passenger services on 24 September 1928 - the first station on the Great Central Main Line to close. The line itself closed on 5 September 1966 to passengers and completely on 25 March 1968. There were never any goods facilities at Carrington.
The street level buildings continued to be used at various times as businesses, including the "Alldogs Poodle Parlour" and a sweet shop, but have now been demolished. The cutting has been filled in to street level and the Clarendon Park regional facility of the Open University now occupies the site, just North of the East end of Gregory Boulevard, between Sherwood Road and Mansfield Road. Shafts have been provided to maintain access to the tunnels for inspection and maintenance purposes.
There was another station in Nottingham called Carrington Street, later superseded by the present Nottingham station.

</doc>
<doc id="18551236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551236" title="Tokomaro">
Tokomaro

Tokomaro or Tokumaro (徳麻呂) was a soldier of 7th century AD Japan. He and four slaves of Ōi temple served in Jinshin War of 672 and fought the battle of Nakatsu-michi bravely.
His name appears in history book "Nihonshoki" on the battle of Nakatsu-michi of Yamato Province on the beginning of July 672 (in Japanese old calendar). Yamato had been one of two major fronts of the war. Ōtomo no Fukei, the commander general of this front of Prince Ōama (Emperor Temmu) side, divided his army three divisions on Kamitsu-michi (upper road), Nakatsu-michi (middle road) and Shimotsu-michi (lower road). Enemy general Inukai no Isokimi dispatched his commander Ioi no Kujira and picked 200 soldiers against the thin center of Fukei. Five slaves of Ōi temple, including Tokomaro, took the lead of defence and shot arrows. Ioi stopped his advance. Then Fukei's right division rushed to the rear of enemy after breaking Inukai's left at Kamitsu-michi. Yamato province was won by Fukei soon after this battle.
"Nihonshoki" describes details of war but merely mentions background of rank-and-file soldiers. "Slaves of Oi temple" is a proof of broad mobilization and an example of brave fight of slave in ancient Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18551237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551237" title="Leicester Campbell Street railway station">
Leicester Campbell Street railway station

Leicester Campbell Street railway station was the first proper railway station in Leicester, opened in 1840 by the Midland Counties Railway. (Although the Leicester and Swannington Railway had opened in 1832 with a terminus at West Bridge, there was no dedicated station there until 1893.)
As was normal in those days with a through station, the original plan was to build it to the side of the main line, but instead it was finally built on the main line with a single platform 165 yards long to handle both northbound and southbound trains. The station was designed by William Parsons in the Grecian Revival style, with a two storey main building which was embellished with a central pediment set forward on fluted columns in front. This was flanked by short single-storey wings. It was the headquarters of the Midland Counties Railway until that railway was amalgamated into the Midland Railway in 1844. Upstairs were the company offices and boardroom, while downstairs was the booking hall, waiting and refreshment rooms.
The opening of new routes to Leicester led to steadily increasing traffic, and by 1858 a second platform had been built to handle southbound traffic, so leaving the original platform to handle northbound traffic.
In 1868 it was decided to turn the southbound platform into an island platform to further increase capacity, but this was not possible with the northbound platform due to the presence of the main buildings and station entrance.
Further expansion was contemplated for some time, but it was not until 1890 that the go ahead was given for Campbell Street station to be replaced by the present station on London Road. With buildings designed by Charles Trubshaw, the new station was built with the platforms largely in the previous positions, but with the entrance and main buildings fronting onto London Road. The new booking office was opened by the mayor in June 1892 when it was renamed Leicester London Road. The station was completed in 1894.
The offices for Royal Mail now occupy some of the site of the old station buildings on Campbell Street.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="18551258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551258" title="Sarah Peake">
Sarah Peake

Sarah K. Peake is an American politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. A Democrat, she has served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives since 2007. She represents the Fourth Barnstable district, a Cape Cod district that includes her hometown of Provincetown. She previously served on the Provincetown Board of Selectmen.
Peake earned an A.B. from Colgate University and a Juris Doctor from Pace University School of Law. 
Elected to the Provincetown Board of Selectmen in 2002, she first ran for state representative in 2004, facing Republican incumbent Shirley Gomes. Gomes, running for a sixth term, defeated Peake by 55 percent to 42 percent. When Gomes decided against seeking re-election in 2006, Peake once again ran for the seat. She won the Democratic primary handily against two opponents. In the general election, she faced Republican Aaron Maloy and won by 56 percent to 44 percent. She took office the following January. Seeking a second term in November 2008, she faced former Harwich selectman and Republican nominee Don Howell. She won easily, defeating Howell by 68% to 32%. In 2010, she overcame Orleans selectman and Republican nominee David Dunford, winning 64% of the vote.
In the legislature, she serves as the Vice-Chair of the Joint Committee on Tourism, Arts and Cultural Development, as well as being a member of the House Committee on Post Audit and Oversight and the House Committee on Bonding, Capital Expenditures and State Assets.
A lesbian, she is married to Lynn Mogell. Peake is one of seven openly LGBT members of the Massachusetts General Court, alongside Representatives Carl Sciortino (D–Medford), Kate Hogan (D–Stow), Cheryl Coakley-Rivera (D–Springfield), Liz Malia (D–Jamaica Plain) and Denise Andrews (D–Orange), as well as Senator Stan Rosenberg (D–Amherst). Her 2006, 2008 and 2010 campaigns won the support of the Gay & Lesbian Victory Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="18551293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551293" title="Great Synagogue of Europe">
Great Synagogue of Europe

The Great Synagogue of Europe, formerly known as the Great Synagogue of Brussels, is the main synagogue in Brussels, Belgium which was dedicated as a focal point for European Jews in 2008.
The building was designed in 1875 in a Romanesque-Byzantine style by the architect Desire De Keyser and constructed in 1878. It is located at 32 Rue de la Regence in Brussels. The synagogue survived the Holocaust in which 25,000 Belgian Jews died. Its chief rabbi is Albert Guigui and there are approximately 15000 persons of Jewish faith in the city (as of 2008).
It was dedicated as the "Great Synagogue of Europe" on 4 June 2008 by President Jose Manuel Barroso and two of Europe's leading rabbis who signed a document of dedication. The ceremony also involved singing by the "European Choir" and the reading of a "Prayer for Europe". Their prayer wished for EU leaders to act justly in creating a "spiritual union" and to ask for happiness for European citizens.
The act was of a more political nature, as in the 19th century, responding to the Age of Enlightenment, Great Synagogues were built in many capitals of Europe to show that Jews were full and free citizens. This is something the Jewish community now wished to show at a European level. It is hoped that the building will become a focus for Judaism in Europe, as St. Peter's Basilica is for Roman Catholics.

</doc>
<doc id="18551330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551330" title="E6 European long distance path">
E6 European long distance path

The E6 European long distance path or E6 path is one of the European long-distance paths from the northwest tip of Finland through Sweden, Denmark, Germany and Austria to the Adriatic coast in Slovenia. A second section starts again in Greece to finish in Turkey.
Route.
Some of the places passed on the north-to-south route include:

</doc>
<doc id="18551335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551335" title="Russell King (New Brunswick politician)">
Russell King (New Brunswick politician)

Russell Hugh Tennant "Russ" King (born April 29, 1940) is a physician and former political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He represented Fredericton South from 1987 to 1998 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Saint Stephen, New Brunswick, the son of John C. King. He was educated at Mount Allison University and Dalhousie University Medical School. He served as Minister of Advanced Education and Training from 1987 to 1991 and Minister of Health and Community Services from 1991 to 1998. King resigned his seat and cabinet post in 1998 to return to his medical practice in Fredericton.

</doc>
<doc id="18551341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551341" title="Radek Opršal">
Radek Opršal


</doc>
<doc id="18551392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551392" title="Great Ouse Boating Association">
Great Ouse Boating Association

The Great Ouse Boating Association (GOBA) is a waterway society on the rivers Great Ouse, River Cam, Lark, Little Ouse, River Wissey, and associated waterways in East Anglia.
The voluntary association was founded in 1958, and has over 3000 members. GOBA is a member of the "Cambridgeshire Boatwatch Scheme", in cooperation with Cambridgeshire Police, the Environment Agency, and the Association of Nene River Clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="18551393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551393" title="Tsz-Shiou Senior High School">
Tsz-Shiou Senior High School

Tsz-Shiou Senior High School is a high school in Taiwan founded in 1971 by Chen Lu An, eldest son of former Vice-President, Chen Cheng a.k.a. Chen Tsyr-shiou, of the Republic of China (Taiwan).

</doc>
<doc id="18551445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551445" title="Peninsula Arts">
Peninsula Arts

Peninsula Arts operates from within the Faculty of Arts and serves as the Arts and Culture programming umbrella organisation for the University of Plymouth. The year round public programme includes exhibitions, music, film, talks and performing arts. Its aim is to provide a prestigious and wide-ranging series of events which open up the arts and university to the people of Plymouth, the South West and visitors to the region. 
The Peninsula Arts Contemporary Music Festival is one of its annual events, and occurs in February.

</doc>
<doc id="18551452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551452" title="Soft and Sentimental">
Soft and Sentimental

Soft and Sentimental is a 1955 album by Jo Stafford. 

</doc>
<doc id="18551471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551471" title="MRT Pink Line">
MRT Pink Line

The Pink MRT line is a planned elevated mass rapid transit line to be built in Bangkok, Thailand.
The 35.5 km long Pink line will have 30 stations and will be a monorail line. It will run in the northern part of the city from east Bangkok in Minburi Bangkok "(also transfers to MRT Orange Line)" along Ram Inthra Road to west Bangkok(Pak Kret district, Nonthaburi Province) <br> Chaeng Watthana Road and Tiwanon Road ending at The Nonthaburi Government Center which transfer to the MRT Purple Line.
The line will also transfer with the SRT Dark Red Line which is under construction, the planned BTS Sukhumvit Line extension to Lam Lukka, and the plannedMRT Grey Line in the future.
List of planned stations.
Originally, the line was to have 24 stations, 4 of which will be transfer stations and 2 of which will be "park & ride" stations. However, 6 new stations were added in mid 2012 for a total of 30 stations.
The line will also have 2 additional service stations for train maintenance.
Progress.
The Pink line was due to be tendered in the 3rd quarter of 2013 with construction due to commence in early 2014. However, delays in preparation of the tender and political protests resulting in a snamp election in early Feb 2014 now mean that the Pink Line will not be tendered until the 2nd quarter of 2014.
An environmental impact assessment for the MRT Pink Line was finalised in late 2012. The director-general of the Office of Transport and Traffic Policy and Planning has previously stated said in an interview that the pink line was considered a priority scheme, as it ran past the government complex.
The Pink Line was originally intended to be a heavy rail line but this was changed to dual-track monorail in 2008 on the basis that construction costs would be cheaper. A further review in early 2012 was undertaken to consider the heavy rail option again. However, it was decided to proceed with the mono rail plan. In late 2012, a request to extended the planned line east by 3.4 km from the Minburi terminus along Suwinthawongse rd to Nong Chok was submitted. However, this will not be implemented at this stage.
The expected cost of the line with the additional 6 extra stations is 55 billion baht.

</doc>
<doc id="18551498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551498" title="Souleymane Sylla">
Souleymane Sylla


</doc>
<doc id="18551503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551503" title="Charles Matthews">
Charles Matthews

Charles Matthews or Mathews may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18551524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551524" title="Comin' Thru">
Comin' Thru

"Comin' Thru" is the seventh album by American psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service. It is generally regarded as their weakest effort, and more or less marked the end of Quicksilver as anything other than a part-time band.
Charts.
Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="18551538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551538" title="Greg O'Donnell">
Greg O'Donnell

Gregory Hugh O'Donnell (born April 8, 1958) is a businessman and former political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. He represented Memramcook and then Dieppe-Memramcook in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1987 to 1999 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Memramcook, New Brunswick, the son of William O'Donnell and Julia Leblanc. He was educated at the University of New Brunswick. O'Donnell served as Minister of Supply and Services from 1998 to 1999. In 1995, he defeated Bernard Lord to win his seat in the provincial assembly. O'Donnell was defeated when he ran for reelection in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18551541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551541" title="Bird Automatic">
Bird Automatic

Bird Automatic are an Australian alternative indie-pop five-piece band based in Sydney.
Bird Automatic consists of Chris Bradstreet (guitar/vocals), John-Henry Pajak (drums), Chris Toole (guitar/backing vocals), Alex Sholler (bass guitar), and Simon Hamblin (synthesizer).
Biography.
The band formed in late 2006, based around Bradstreet, who after producing some of his own demos was urged to form a band and offered management by a friend."I knew Simon (Hamblin) first, he actually wanted to be the band’s manager - he was the one that said I should get a band together" - Bradstreet Bradstreet then approached Chris Toole, a high school friend of his, whilst Simon encouraged Zeyd Naito and John-Henry Pajak to join. 
"After that, we were looking for a keyboard player, so we told Simon to get a keyboard and he started playing with us" - Bradstreet The band played its first show in November of that year at Candy's Apartment, Kings Cross.
2008 has seen the band develop its catalogue with the emergence of their first self-titled independent EP release. 
Track Listing:
They are featured as an 'Emerging Artist' on the Triple J website and are The Unearthed Feature Artists of 2 August 2008.
In 2009 Bird Automatic released a second EP 'Not Morning People' on local label Taper Jean Records through Shock. Their singles 'About The Money' and 'What Should Be Told' received air-play from radio Triple J and community radio around Australia and was highly reviewed online in Australia and overseas. 
The band continued their busy live schedule as they played shows along the east coast of Australia with bands such as The Temper Trap, Dappled Cities, and The John Steel Singers.
Track Listing:
In the beginning of 2010 the band recorded the double A-side, "Neon Dagger" / "Keep Out The Sunlight", whilst they began writing their debut album. This saw a break in their live shows, however, gave them time to shape their sound and develop their new material.
The band plan to have the album written by July, where they will then begin playing live featuring songs from their album and in support of their double A-side.
Touring.
Played at the first Playground Weekender Festival with bands such as Chk Chk Chk (!!!), Elbow and The Dears.
Toured with fellow Australian indie band The Seabellies in late 2007.<br>
Toured with Shout Out Louds on their second tour of Australia in August 2007.<br>
Supported UK indie band 1990s in September 2007.<br>
Supported UK indie outfit Art Brut in December 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18551549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551549" title="John Fay (writer)">
John Fay (writer)

John Fay is an award-winning British television writer, and playwright from Merseyside. He is known for his work on television soap operas "Brookside" and "Coronation Street" as well as his later work on original dramatic production.
Television career.
Fay began his television career on Brookside, although he states in an interview that it took him 16 years and several speculative scripts to get taken on to the writing staff full-time. He stayed on the creative team for two years, writing 54 episodes, before joining the writing staff of "Coronation Street", writing 94 episodes and becoming lead writer. In 2005 he received the British Academy Television Award for Best Continuing Drama, sharing the BAFTA with "Coronation Street" producer Tony Wood and director Ian Bevitt. One of his notable scripts for Coronation Street was “Richard Hillman’s murder confession” which attracted over 19 million viewers. Fay's other television contributions include episodes of "Clocking Off", "Blue Murder" and "Robin Hood". In 2007, Fay created the three-part ITV drama series "Mobile". Fay is a self-confessed hater of mobile telephones and in "Mobile" chose to explore the themes of "people's paranoid desire to always be in contact with each other" and whether mobile phones are actually necessary.
Russell T Davies, having been an admirer of John Fay's work on Coronation Street and Mobile, approached Fay to write for the third series of "Torchwood". Fay wrote two episodes of the award-winning third series of "Torchwood", subtitled ', which aired 7 July and 9 July 2009. He returned to write the ninth episode of the shows' fourth series, ' a collaboration between BBC Wales, BBC Worldwide and US cable channel Starz. In 2011 he also wrote for the fourth series of Primeval.
Fay has written two episodes of the Jimmy McGovern Drama Moving On, Sauce for the Goose - the first episode of the second series, and an episode of the third series, airing Autumn 2011, which he will also direct. He is in the progress of writing an upcoming episode of Doctor Who.
Theatre writing.
Fay began his writing career by writing and producing his own stage plays for local theatres around Liverpool, including several plays for Kirkby Response Theatre during the nineties. His later credits include the stage plays "The Cruel Sea" and "Eat My Eyes".
Personal life.
John Fay is originally from Merseyside, and is currently based in Maghull, to the north of Liverpool, where he lives with his wife. His father died shortly before he came to write "", which Fay acknowledges when retroactively considering his views on the serial. He cites John Proctor from Arthur Miller's The Crucible as his favourite fictional character of all time, and Rhys Williams as his favourite Torchwood character.

</doc>
<doc id="18551557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551557" title="E7 European long distance path">
E7 European long distance path

The E7 European long distance path or E7 path is one of the European long-distance paths from the Portuguese-Spanish border eastwards through Andorra, France, Italy, Slovenia and Hungary. It is projected to be extended to Lisbon and into Romania, so that it reaches from the Atlantic to the Black Sea, however these stages, as well as parts of the route through Italy, are still in planning.
Route.
Some of the places passed on the west-to-east route include:

</doc>
<doc id="18551559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551559" title="Grit Lehmann">
Grit Lehmann

Grit Lehmann (born August 1, 1976, in Berlin, Germany) is a professional female volleyball player, currently playing in the Swiss NLA team VC Kanti Schaffhausen. On March 16, 2013, she announced retirement from professional sports, playing her last games for VC Kanti Schaffhausen against Voléro Zürich in the Swiss Championships play-off finals.
References.
grit lehmann official website
vc kanti schaffhausen official website

</doc>
<doc id="18551560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551560" title="Alexandros Pappas">
Alexandros Pappas


</doc>
<doc id="18551561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551561" title="Adam Grimes">
Adam Grimes

Adam Grimes (born June 18, 1976) is an American actor. He was born in Burlington, Vermont.
Grimes is best known for his portrayal of Kyle Julian on the American soap opera "". He joined the cast for the second season as the younger brother of Dr. Leo Julian. His character also comes out as being gay in the first episode.
Grimes has also appeared in various movies and guest spots over the years including "Buffy The Vampire Slayer", "", "Bones", and "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody"

</doc>
<doc id="18551566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551566" title="Memory Songs">
Memory Songs

Memory Songs is a 1955 album by Jo Stafford and Gordon MacRae.

</doc>
<doc id="18551584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551584" title="HMS Exmoor (L61)">
HMS Exmoor (L61)

HMS "Exmoor" was a Hunt class destroyer of the Royal Navy. She was a member of the first subgroup of the class, and saw service in the Second World War, before being sunk by German E-boats in 1941.
Construction and commissioning.
"Exmoor" was ordered under the 1939 Naval Building Programme from Parsons Marine Steam Turbines Company, with the hull building being subcontracted to the Vickers-Armstrongs yard, Tyneside. She was laid down as Job No J4099 on 8 June 1939 and launched on 25 January 1940. She was commissioned into service on 18 October 1940, and after working up, was assigned to the 16th Destroyer Flotilla at Scapa Flow.
Career.
"Exmoor" arrived at the Home Fleet at Scapa Flow in November, and on 6 November was detached in company with HMS "Pytchley" to escort the SS "Adda" to the Faeroe Islands. "Exmoor" returned on 11 November and resumed her working up period. In December she escorted the armed merchant cruisers "Chitral" and "Salopian" on their way to begin patrols. "Exmoor" then sailed to Plymouth.
In January "Exmoor" was part of the escort for as she sailed from Portsmouth to Rosyth. "Exmoor" then sailed to Harwich to begin escorting coastal convoys through the North Sea with the 16th Destroyer Flotilla. She carried out these duties into February, and on 23 February was deployed with HMS "Shearwater" to escort a convoy from the Thames estuary to Methil. The convoy was attacked by E-boats as it passed off Lowestoft on 25 February. "Exmoor" suffered an explosion aft, suffering major structural damage and rupturing a fuel supply line. A fire soon broke out which spread rapidly. "Exmoor" capsized and sank in ten minutes. The survivors were picked up by the "Shearwater" and the trawler "Commander Evans", and were taken to Yarmouth. The "Exmoor" had either been hit by the E-Boat "S30" commanded by Klaus Feldt, as the Germans claimed, or had struck a mine. The wreck is designated as a "protected place" under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986.
A later Hunt class destroyer, previously planned as HMS "Burton", was renamed and launched as HMS "Exmoor".

</doc>
<doc id="18551599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551599" title="Session capping">
Session capping

Session capping is a term in online advertising that means restricting (capping) the amount of specific advertising sessions a visitor to a website is allowed to have.
It greatly diminishes the amount of money the advertiser can earn.
Here, a session is defined as the total amount of time one visitor spends on a single website, regardless of how many pages he or she visits within that time. When the visitor closes his browser, or enters an entire different website, the session ends. When the visitor returns to the website, a different advertising session can be started. See also session (computer science) and 
Session capping is somewhat similar to frequency capping.
Using session capping, a specific advertising scheme can be applied to a website visit. For example, advertisements can be repeated indefinitely within a single session, or a specific order can be implemented.
[http://www.talkphp.com/general/1077-understanding-life-session.html]
[http://javapapers.com/servlet-interview-questions/explain-the-methods-used-for-session-tracking/]

</doc>
<doc id="18551618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551618" title="Bruno Ecuele Manga">
Bruno Ecuele Manga

Manga began his career in his homeland at FC 105 Libreville, before being spotted by scouts from French Ligue 1 side Girondins Bordeaux. He never played a league game for the club, and spent time on loan at Rodez AF.
At the end of his contract he was signed on a free contract with Angers SCO, and became an integral part of their defence set up.
In 2010 he joined FC Lorient, and became a first team regular in Ligue 1 as a replacement for Laurent Koscielny who left Lorient for Arsenal.

</doc>
<doc id="18551666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551666" title="Attalia philbyi">
Attalia philbyi

Attalia philbyi, common name Yemen Mantis is a species of praying mantis native to Yemen and Saudi Arabia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18551668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551668" title="Westsyde Secondary School">
Westsyde Secondary School

Westsyde Secondary is a public high schoolin Kamloops, British Columbia; a part of School District 73 Kamloops/Thompson. 
At Westsyde Secondary there are language programs: French, Spanish and English. The school is known is for its successful arts program that includes Beginner, Junior and Senior band. There is also a jazz band, two choirs and a drama program. The drama department puts on a different play each year. In the Physical Education program, students receive the 60 minutes of physical activity required daily by the Government of British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="18551691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551691" title="Happy Holiday (Jo Stafford album)">
Happy Holiday (Jo Stafford album)

Happy Holiday is a 1955 album of Christmas songs and carols by Jo Stafford, accompanied by her husband Paul Weston and his orchestra. The entire family participated in the creation of this album; young Tim Weston is the small boy on the cover. Stafford is also joined by The Starlighters for vocal background, just as she was after her version of "The Chesterfield Supper Club" moved to Hollywood.

</doc>
<doc id="18551713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551713" title="HMS Exmoor">
HMS Exmoor

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Exmoor", after the Exmoor fox hunt:

</doc>
<doc id="18551741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551741" title="Almondbank railway station">
Almondbank railway station

Almondbank railway station served the village of Almondbank, in the Scottish county of Perth and Kinross.
History.
Opened on 1 January 1858 by the Perth, Almond Valley and Methven Railway, later absorbed by the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed to passenger traffic by the British Railways Board on 1 October 1951. The station remained open to goods traffic, servicing the local Royal Naval Workshops which had its own small branch line, connecting the site to the station. Almondbank Station was finally closed to goods traffic with the closure of the entire Perth to Crieff line on 25 January 1965.
Now a private dwelling house, the former station house is located adjacent to the A85 road bridge over the now filled in course of the railway, but a cutting on the north east side of the bridge is still clearly visible.

</doc>
<doc id="18551759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551759" title="Nshan Munchyan">
Nshan Munchyan

Nshan Munchyan (, born June 24, 1963 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is a retired Armenian boxer. He is a former World, European, four-time Soviet and multi-time Armenian Champion.
Biography.
Nshan started boxing in Armenia in 1976. He began boxing under the Soviet Union. Munchyan won a gold medal at the 1987 European Amateur Boxing Championships. After the Union's fall in 1991, Munchyan began representing his native Armenia. He won a gold medal at the 1993 World Amateur Boxing Championships and a gold medal at the 1994 World Cup. He is the first boxer from the independent Republic of Armenia to win a medal in either competition.
Munchyan competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics where, after receiving a first round bye, he lost to Daniel Petrov, whom he previously defeated at the 1993 World Championships finals. Petrov went on the win the Olympic gold medal.
He is married and has three children.
Olympic Games Results.
1996
World Amateur Championships Results.
1986
1989
1993
1995
European Championships Results.
1987
1989
1991
World Cup Results.
1994

</doc>
<doc id="18551763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551763" title="Colonel (India)">
Colonel (India)

The Indian Army has followed British Army rank system since its independence from British Empire in 1947. However, the crown in the rank insignia has been replaced with the Ashoka Lion, which symbolizes the sovereignty of Government of India.
Colonel in Indian Army is equivalent to Captain in Indian Navy and Group Captain in Indian Air Force. Like other armies, this rank is higher than Lieutenant Colonel and lower than a Brigadier.

</doc>
<doc id="18551765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551765" title="Kinnikannanvilai">
Kinnikannanvilai

Kinnikannanvilai is a village along the west coast of Kanyakumari flanked by Muhilankudieruppu in the south and Koilvilai in the north. Kinnikannanvilai is bound by Pozhiyoor in the east and Arabian Sea in the west. The village is connected with Kanyakumari Bus Terminus (4 km) and Nagercoil town (16 km) by road. The nearest city is Thiruvananthapuram (Capital of Kerala). The holy capitals, Swamithope and Suchindrum are 4 and 7 kilometres away from Kinnikannanvilai respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18551777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551777" title="Friedrich Wilhelm Kegel">
Friedrich Wilhelm Kegel

Friedrich Wilhelm Kegel (?-1948), from 1924 to 1933 director of the of mining operations at Tsumeb mine, Namibia. He was German until his naturalisation in South-West Africa. After his resignation he lived in Switzerland. He visited the Tsumeb mine from Dec. 1938 until March 1939 and from Feb. 1940 until March 1940 as a consultant for the Otavi Mining Company.
The mineral Kegelite, discovered in the Tsumeb mine, was named after him by American volcanologist David Richardson.
Kegel took the first published photograph of the Hoba meteorite.

</doc>
<doc id="18551811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551811" title="Ski Trails">
Ski Trails

Ski Trails is a 1956 album by Jo Stafford, with accompaniment by Paul Weston and His Orchestra, The Starlighters, and the Norman Luboff Choir. Most of its songs have a winter theme.
Originally released on Columbia Records, the album was reissued in the 1970s on Stafford and Weston's Corinthian Records label. 

</doc>
<doc id="18551812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551812" title="Narcisse Bonan">
Narcisse Bonan


</doc>
<doc id="18551816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551816" title="Can Erdem">
Can Erdem

Can Erdem (born 8 June 1987 in Istanbul) is a Turkish footballer who currently plays as a striker for Mersin İdmanyurdu SK.
Erdem had begun his career at a local club, Alanya Belediyespor, based in Antalya. He was trained there until 2005 before joining Beşiktaş. After a short spell, he was promoted to senior squad by French manager Jean Tigana in 2006. Erdem then joined Kocaelispor on loan in the 2007–08 season. At the end of the season, Kocaelispor was promoted to the Süper Lig.
In the 2008–09 season, he returned Beşiktaş and began to train at senior squad again, under manager Ertuğrul Sağlam. However, he was loaned out to İzmir club Altay.

</doc>
<doc id="18551822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551822" title="Mishō Station">
Mishō Station

Lines.
There is a walkway between this station and Shin-Iwakuni Station on the Sanyō Shinkansen.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nishikigawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18551838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551838" title="Shuuchi-Kasagami Station">
Shuuchi-Kasagami Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nishikigawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18551842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551842" title="Sugar (Ladytron song)">
Sugar (Ladytron song)

"Sugar" is the first single from the album "Witching Hour" by electronic music band band Ladytron. This song featured on the video game and Need for Speed Carbon Own the City. It charted at number 45 in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="18551843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551843" title="Minami-Gōchi Station">
Minami-Gōchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nishikigawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18551845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551845" title="Luciano Becchio">
Luciano Becchio

Luciano Héctor Becchio (born 28 December 1983) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Norwich City as a striker. Born in Córdoba, Argentina, Becchio began his career in Buenos Aires at Boca Juniors but moved to Europe aged 20 after failing to make the grade at "Los Xeneizes". Through his ancestry, Becchio was able to claim an Italian passport and subsequent citizenship of the European Union, allowing him to sign for Spanish club Mallorca B in 2003. He would go on to play for a variety of other lower league clubs in the country over the next five years, including the Barcelona B team.
After an impressive season at Mérida in the 2007–08 season, Becchio was recommended to Leeds United Director of Football Gwyn Williams by former Newcastle United midfielder Marcelino Elena. He joined the Yorkshire club on trial during a pre-season tour of Ireland in July 2008. He signed shortly after the club's return to England, having impressed manager Gary McAllister and made his début as a substitute on the opening day of the 2008–09 season against Scunthorpe United.
The Argentine went on to feature in over 200 games and scored over 80 goals at Leeds, achieving promotion from League One in 2010 and playing in the same team that knocked reigning English Champions Manchester United out of the FA Cup in January of the same year. Becchio became a firm fans' favourite at Elland Road. Becchio signed for Premier League club Norwich City as part of a swap deal for Welsh striker Steve Morison on 31 January 2013.
Career.
Early Life in Argentina.
Becchio was born in Argentina's second-city of Córdoba located at the foothills of the Punilla Valley in the geographical centre of the country. As a child, he had a keen interest in tennis but football was his main passion; idolising legendary striker Gabriel Batistuta and following Buenos Aires-based Boca Juniors. In 2000 aged 16, he would make the 425 mile-move south to join the youth ranks at "Los Xeneizes" where he would be joined in his age group by the younger Carlos Tevez who would go on to achieve great success in European club football by winning Premier League titles with Manchester United and Manchester City. Life at Boca was a memorable experience for the teenager as he travelled to Europe to play in youth tournaments in Italy, Switzerland and Germany but it wouldn't be long before the opportunity to move to the continent on a permanent basis would arise.
Moving to Spain.
Real Mallorca offered Becchio the chance to move to the La Liga side in 2003. With opportunities at Boca limited, he agreed to make the move to the Balearic Islands where he was joined by his parents and younger brother Mathias after selling their family restaurant business in Argentina to support their son in Europe. Mallorca coach Héctor Cúper placed Becchio in the 'B' team where he scored five times in twenty-nine appearances. In his second season at the club, he signed for Ciudad de Murcia on a loan deal.
After two years at Mallorca, Becchio moved to the Iberian Peninsula when he signed for Catalonian club Terrassa FC where he spent the 2005/2006 season before moving fifteen miles across the region to sign for reigning UEFA Champions League winners FC Barcelona. Becchio admitted that he would never have a chance of featuring for the first team but relished the opportunity to train with world class footballers such as Ronaldinho and Lionel Messi, whilst in the 'B' team he would compete with notable young prodigies including Bojan Krkić and Giovani dos Santos for a starting position. A year later, he would be on the move again; heading south-west to join Segunda División B team Mérida UD.
During the 2007/2008 campaign, Becchio finally found regular football with "Los Romanos" and repaid the faith shown in him by topping the division top scorer charts with twenty-two goals for the season, including a final day hat-trick versus CD Baza. Mérida finished fourth and qualified for the division play-offs versus Ponferradina but lost on aggregate over two legs. Becchio's performances during the campaign didn't go unnoticed however, as he became the most saleable asset for the debt-stricken club after being monitored by scouts from across Europe.
Leeds United.
2008–09 season.
In July 2008, he joined League One side Leeds United on trial aiming to impress manager Gary McAllister in pre-season friendlies against Shelbourne and Barnet. He was recommended to Leeds scout Gwyn Williams by former Spanish Newcastle defender Marcelino. On 31 July, he signed for Leeds on a three-year contract. He made his first start for Leeds in their 5–2 win over Chester City in the first round of the League Cup. He was given his first league start against Yeovil Town in a 1–1 draw; in which it took him just 25 seconds to score his first Leeds goal. He scored his second goal for the club in his first start at Elland Road in a 4–0 victory over Crystal Palace in the League Cup. The following week, he came off the bench to head home his third Leeds goal in the 2–1 win over local rivals Bradford City in the Football League Trophy.
During the 2008–09 season, Becchio only missed one match in all competitions, which was due to suspension. In a sequence of appearances which saw him start 24 consecutive matches – including the entire busy Christmas period and while deputising for the injured Jermaine Beckford – he scored nine goals. With the loan signing of Lee Trundle from Bristol City, and the January transfer window signing of Mike Grella, manager Simon Grayson publicly stated that Becchio would be given a short resting period so that he would be ready for the vital last few months of the season, although that never materialised as Becchio was insistent on retaining his place in the team. Grayson frequently referred to Becchio as Lazarus due to various points in the season where he would be injured but would make a remarkable recovery to be fit and ready for the next match. In the final game of the season he scored his 18th goal of the season in all competitions, which in turn contributed to the relegation of Northampton Town. His 19th of the season came against Millwall in the League One play-off semi-final, in which he rounded off a fine team move started by Ben Parker, with Beckford and Andy Robinson also playing vital roles. He scored 19 goals in his début season in English football at Leeds.
2009–10 season.
Becchio scored his first goal of the 2009–10 season in the 1–0 league win against Wycombe Wanderers. He had a goal incorrectly ruled out for offside in the League Cup tie against Liverpool; replays showed that he was onside as Beckford flicked on Ľubomír Michalík's headed pass. He missed the game against Milton Keynes Dons as his wife was due to give birth. Becchio and his wife welcomed their first daughter named Bianca who was born on 27 September 2009 at the Leeds General Infirmary. He picked up a serious ankle injury in the game against Charlton Athletic, when he stepped on the ball whilst controlling it from a high pass, and had to be substituted. Radio Leeds believed Becchio might have broken his ankle, although the club were waiting to have a second scan on his ankle after the swelling went down. The scan showed that he had suffered ligament damage to his ankle, according to Leeds assistant manager Ian Miller. Becchio did not play for the Leeds first team again until late November. In his absence Leeds signed Welsh International striker Sam Vokes on loan from Wolverhampton Wanderers until 2 January 2010 as cover.
On 25 November 2009, Becchio returned from injury and played in Leeds' reserve team game against Lincoln City, to help boost his match fitness. Becchio scored a goal in a 2–1 victory and also managed to get a full 90 minutes under his belt. He returned for the first team as a substitute in the FA Cup second round draw with Kettering Town. Two days later, he came on as a substitute against Oldham Athletic and scored his first goal since his long layoff, this his third of the season. He returned to Leeds' starting lineup in the league at the expense of Sam Vokes against Brentford. His fifth goal of the season was a header against Hartlepool United on boxing day, which took a heavy deflection.
Becchio played against Premier League team Manchester United when Leeds won 1–0 away at Old Trafford on 3 January 2010 in the FA Cup third round, but he picked up an injury and was substituted in stoppage time. Becchio struggled for goals for Leeds since returning from injury, with him being asked to play in more of a deeper strikers role to hold the ball up for the midfield. Against Tottenham Hotspur Becchio was dropped to the bench and replaced up front by Robert Snodgrass, although he later came on in the second half after replacing midfielder Michael Doyle as Leeds earned a replay against the Premier League side. Becchio's sixth goal of the season for Leeds came in the FA Cup replay against Tottenham, after Beckford's shot was parried by Heurelho Gomes and it fell into the path of Becchio who slotted it into the back of the net. Goals number seven and eight for Becchio came in the following game against Hartlepool. This was the first double he scored in a competitive match for Leeds.
Becchio disputably scored his ninth goal of the season with an injury time equaliser coming against Leyton Orient when his goal-bound shot was deflected in by Orient defender Charlie Daniels; the goal was credited to Daniels but Becchio said he felt the goal should be his as his shot was goal-bound. Becchio scored another two goals against Oldham, taking his tally to 10 goals for the season. He continued his fine goal scoring form when he scored his 11th goal of the season in the Yorkshire derby against Huddersfield Town, with the game finishing 2–2. Goal number 12 of the season came against Tranmere Rovers, with Becchio scoring with a diving header.
Becchio was substituted early on in the first half against Norwich City after being knocked unconscious after a clash of heads with Michael Nelson. Becchio's head also landed heavily on the ground which caused him to swallow his tongue. He was substituted by Mike Grella and due to the injury was ruled out against Swindon Town.
Becchio returned from injury for Leeds when he was named on the bench against Southend United and managed to score his 13th goal of the season in the 83rd minute after he replaced Beckford as a substitute in Leeds' 2–0 win. Goals number 14 and 15 came when Becchio scored a brace against Carlisle United. Becchio scored his 16th of the season with a goal against Gillingham in Leeds 3–2 defeat. Becchio's 17th goal came against MK Dons in Leeds' 4–1 win. Becchio played an instrumental part as Leeds were promoted to the Football League Championship after finishing in 2nd place in League One and thus earning automatic promotion.
2010–11 season.
Becchio started the opening game and scored Leeds' 1st goal of the Championship season against Derby County and slotted in an equaliser after a run by Jonny Howson, however Leeds lost 2–1. Becchio's second goal of the season came in Leeds' second match of the season in the League Cup against Lincoln City. Becchio scored his 3rd goal of the season in the match against Swansea City. Despite being dropped for the game against Doncaster, he returned to the side in the yorkshire derby vs Sheffield United as Leeds ran out 1–0 winners. Becchio scored his 4th goal of the season against Preston North End. Becchio scored his 5th goal of the season with a fine left footed volley and received the man of the match award against Middlesbrough. In the post match on-the-pitch interview with Sky Sports he also famously swore live on air stating that it was a "fucking unbelievable win!"
His sixth goal of the season came in the following game in the 2–1 loss against Leicester City. In November 2010 Becchio entered contract negotiations with Leeds over extending his contract. In the game against Hull City Becchio suffered a black eye after being elbowed by Ian Ashbee Becchio scored his 7th, 8th & 9th goals of the season with a 17 minute hatrick against Bristol City after coming on as a second half substitute
Becchio was praised by manager Simon Grayson after his thrilling quick fire hat-trick vs Bristol City, Grayson said that it was a great performance by Becchio and he is still young and can only get better. Becchio revealed that he was looking to sign a new contract at Leeds.
On 3 December 2010, Becchio won The Championship PFA Player of the month Award for November beating off competition from Adel Taarabt, Lewis McGugan, Scott Sinclair and Jay Bothroyd for the award. Becchio scored his 10th and 11th goals of the season when he scored a brace against Crystal Palace from 1–0 down. Leeds confirmed that contract talks with Becchio were ongoing and had only been delayed due to translation issues. Becchio scored his 12th goal of the season against Burnley.
On 18 December 2010, after the 2–0 home win against Queens Park Rangers which took Leeds to second place in the Championship, Becchio signed a new three and a half year contract with Leeds. "I'm very happy to sign," he told the club's official website. "I love the fans, we are doing well and we want to get to the Premier League." 1 January 2011, Becchio scored his 13th goal of the season with an injury time equaliser against Middlesbrough.
On 8 January, Becchio helped earn Leeds a 1–1 draw against Arsenal, Leeds went 1–0 up when Robert Snodgrass scored a second half penalty, Arsenal equalised in the 90th minute when Cesc Fàbregas scored a penalty. However, on 18 January, Becchio was injured and missed the second leg which Arsenal went on to win 3–1. Becchio returned to Leeds' starting lineup against Portsmouth and scored his 14th goal of the season, the goal also reached his 50th goal milestone for Leeds in all
competitions. Becchio scored his 15th goal of the season against Norwich City. His 16th goal of the season came against Yorkshire rivals Barnsley, the game marked his 100th league start for Leeds. Becchio's 17th goal of the season came in the 5–2 win against Doncaster Rovers. On 2 April, Becchio bagged his 18th of the season in the 4–1 mauling of Nottingham Forest, Unfortunately, he was a ghost when Forest lashed 7 past Leeds United on their own turf. and his 19th at the New Den against Millwall a week later. Becchio scored his 20th goal of the season against Watford in a 2–2 draw, however Becchio picked up an injury in the same game which caused him to miss all the remaining games left in the season. During the summer Becchio was linked with a £3 million pound move to Swansea City. After doing some rehab on his hamstring injury in Spain, Becchio returned to light training for Leeds in time for the start of pre season training.
2011–12 season.
However, Becchio injured his hamstring again before a pre-season tour of Scotland. On 22 July, Becchio had surgery on his hamstring injury. The injury would rule Becchio out for a few months and meant he would miss the start of the 2011–12 season. After five months out injured Becchio returned to Leeds' first team when he was named on the bench against Crystal Palace on 10 September, he came on as a second half substitute and scored his first goal of the season with a header in Leeds' 3–2 victory, the goal also marked Becchio's 50th 'League goal' milestone for the club. Becchio came on as a substitute against Bristol City on 1h September providing the assist for Ross McCormack's winning goal.
Becchio made his first start of the season on 20 September, coming into the side against fierce rivals Manchester United. After being used as a substitute due to the form of Andy Keogh and Ross McCormack. On 22 October 2011, Becchio thought he had scored a dramatic late winner against Peterborough United in a 3–2 win, however teammate Darren O'Dea was credited with the goal. After getting a rare start Becchio scored his second goal of the season on 29 November in Leeds' emphatic 4–0 win against Nottingham Forest.
During December, Becchio was linked with a move to fellow Championship side Middlesbrough. However, Leeds Chairman Ken Bates revealed he wouldn't sell Becchio to one of the clubs closest rivals in the same league. Becchio's third goal of the season came as a consolation in Leeds' 4–1 loss against Barnsley on 31 December 2011.
Becchio finished the 2011–12 season with his lowest goal tally for Leeds with just 11 league goals, however this was largely down to a hamstring injury suffered towards the end of the 2010–11 of the season, causing him to miss the following pre-season training and the first part of the subsequent season. On 4 May, Neil Warnock stated his belief that Becchio would come back a stronger player for the 2012–13 season and recapture his prior form with a full pre-season behind him.
2012–13 season.
Becchio scored his first goal of the season in the first game of the season against Shrewsbury Town in the League Cup on 11 August. Becchio scored his second goal of the season and his first in the league by scoring the winner in Leeds opening day victory against Wolverhampton Wanderers. Becchio scored his seventh goal of the season on 22 September against Nottingham Forest. Becchio scored his 10th goal of the season on 30 October in Leeds' 3–0 League Cup win against Premier League side Southampton to help Leeds advance to the Quarter Finals of the competition.
Becchio scored a brace against local rivals Huddersfield Town to help earn Leeds a 4–2 victory on 1 December. The goals were his 13th and 14th of the season. Becchio scored his 15th goal of the season against Premier League side Chelsea in the League Cup tie on 19 December 2012. On 22 December Becchio scored his 16th and 17th goal against Middlesbrough helping Leeds win 2–1.
On 1 January, Becchio scored his 76th Leeds United league goal, which makes him Leeds' 10th All-Time Goalscorer in the league, overtaking Arthur Hydes.
On 24 January 2013, Leeds announced that Becchio had handed in a transfer request after talks of a new deal broke down. A Leeds statement said Becchio was already the club's highest earner and his wage demands "were beyond a level we could support". On 30 January 2013, Becchio was revealed to be in talks to join Norwich City as part of a swap deal for Norwich's Welsh international striker Steve Morison who was in talks to move to Leeds United. Norwich manager Chris Hughton confirmed that he was hoping to complete a deal to sign Becchio as part of a swap deal for Steve Morison. Becchio scored 19 goals for Leeds in the 2012/13 season for Leeds before departing the club.
In total Becchio scored 87 goals in 221 appearances for Leeds in all competitions.
Norwich City.
On Transfer deadline day 31 January 2013, Norwich confirmed the signing of Becchio on their website on a 3 and half year deal in a swap for striker Steve Morison, making their second incoming transfer of the January window. He was handed shirt number 19. He made his début away at Queen's Park Rangers on 2 February 2013, coming on in the 87th minute as a substitute. He would subsequently make his first start the following match at home against Fulham on 9 February, playing the majority of the match but not scoring.
Personal life.
Luciano is married to Patricia Bosquet with whom he has three children. Their first born is daughter, Bianca, who was born in September 2009 at Leeds General Infirmary.
Becchio's boyhood hero was former Boca Juniors, Fiorentina and AS Roma striker Gabriel Batistuta.

</doc>
<doc id="18551849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551849" title="Lernik Papyan">
Lernik Papyan

Lernik Papyan (, born October 26, 1966 in Vanadzor, Lori Province, Armenian SSR) is a retired boxer from Armenia. He represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia in the men's flyweight (51 kg) division. Papyan lost in the second round to eventual gold medalist Maikro Romero.

</doc>
<doc id="18551858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551858" title="Yukaba Station">
Yukaba Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nishikigawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18551859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551859" title="Sphodromantis annobonensis">
Sphodromantis annobonensis

Sphodromantis annobonensis is a species of praying mantis found in Guinea and on the Equatorial Guinea island of Annobón Province. 

</doc>
<doc id="18551865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551865" title="Hong Seong-Yo">
Hong Seong-Yo

Hong Seong-Yo (born May 26, 1979) is a South Korean football player. He played for Chunnam Dragons, Gwangju Sangmu and Busan I'Park formerly.

</doc>
<doc id="18551866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551866" title="Kita-Gōchi Station">
Kita-Gōchi Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nishikigawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18551869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551869" title="Mason County Courthouse (Michigan)">
Mason County Courthouse (Michigan)

The Mason County Courthouse is in Mason County, Michigan. It is in the town of Ludington in Michigan's Lower Peninsula.
History.
The area early in its history attracted several lumbermen because of the abundance of white pine timber. Among these early settlers in the area were Burr Caswell, Charles Mears, James Ludington, and Eber Brock Ward. The area began settlement when Burr Caswell moved to the area in 1847 from the state of New York. He built a frame house from driftwood in 1849. This was the first frame building in Mason County and is still at White Pine Village.
The Caswell farmhouse served as the first official county seat and as the first courthouse structure. Caswell moved his family upstairs and turned the first floor of his farmhouse over to Mason County to use for a courthouse and trading post. There was even a jail below the house. The Mason County Historical Society restored Caswell's house and the house is now part of "Historic White Pine Village". There were two additional structures before the final present day fourth structure was built in 1893 to serve as Mason County's courthouse. 
Mason County was officially organized in 1855. The official county seat of Mason County and its courthouse was determined to be at Burr Caswell's farmhouse at that time. 
Prior to then the area was an unofficial settlement in the upper northwestern part of Michigan's Lower Peninsula. The Caswell farmhouse was the county courthouse until 1861. In 1861 the county seat moved to Little Sable (later called Lincoln Village). In 1873 the permanent county seat moved to the town of Pere Marquette in Pere Marquette Township of Mason County. The town name of Pere Marquette was changed to "Ludington" because of its developer James Ludington, a wealthy Milwaukee businessman, and officially incorporated as a city the same year. The 1873 brick courthouse was built at 407 E. Pere Marquette Street. The land was donated by Charles Resseguie.
Present building.
The present multi-story building was erected between 1893 and 1894. The tower clock was built by Nels Johnson as one of his Century tower clocks and installed in 1907. The building was designed by the architect Sidney J. Osgood from Grand Rapids, Michigan. It is a Richardsonian Romanesque structure built of Jacobsville sandstone from Houghton County in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. The courthouse is listed in the National Register of Historic Places and also as Michigan Registered Site L0404.
Since October 2010 the tower clock has had thirteen strikes of the clock bell at 1 o'clock, day or night.
State Historical Marker.
According to a News Release "Mason County Courthouse receives State Historical Marker" on 18 May 2000 by the Mason County Historical Society, the Director Ronald M. Wood congratulated the Mason County Board of Commissioners for receiving from the Michigan Historical Commission the above historical marker. There was an official dedication and unveiling at 5:30 P.M. on 14 June 2000 on the lawn of the Mason County Courthouse near downtown Ludington, Michigan. It represents that the State of Michigan deems the present Mason County Courthouse worthy of being preserved. This present existing structure was placed on the National Register of Historic Sites on February 24, 1988. It was placed on the State Register of Historic Sites on August 15, 1975. The existing Mason County Courthouse celebrated its 100th Anniversary on September 18, 1994. The first Mason County Courthouse at White Pine Village received a historical marker in 1986 and appeared on the State Register of Historic Sites on May 17, 1978. The News Release explaining the above is dated 2:34 P.M. of 18 May 2000 from the Historical Society to the Mason County Administrator. The official historical marker that was placed on the premises reads

</doc>
<doc id="18551875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551875" title="Sphodromantis aethiopica">
Sphodromantis aethiopica

Sphodromantis aethiopica, common name Ethiopian mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18551877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551877" title="Lakes District Secondary School">
Lakes District Secondary School

Lakes District Secondary is a public high school in Burns Lake, British Columbia part of School District 91 Nechako Lakes.
History.
The Burns Lake area had numerous small rural schools in operation in the early part of the 1900s. Most students did not continue their education beyond the teen years. Ranching, trapping, farming and saw milling required the help of all family members.
The first small group of students entered Burns Lake Superior School in Burns Lake in 1934, but only one student stayed to graduate in 1936. This was William Wren Gilgan (1917–2012). A special recognition has been placed in the graduate hallway at LDSS to honor Mr. Gilgan.
As the population in the area grew a new school replaced the old building in 1951 and was situated along Highway 16. In 1962, the high school became known as Lakes District Secondary and the nickname "Lakers" was adopted soon after.
From 1951 to the late 1980s, this school site was expanded and redeveloped several times. A student residence building was built in 1965 to support students from the rural communities surrounding Burns Lake. After bussing routes improved in the late 1970s, the residence building became a resource center, offices and an alternative school.
In the mid-1990s, the building was deemed too old to renovate, so work began on a new high school. Budget delays and government changes pushed the construction back to 2001. In 2003, a new and modern high school was completed adjacent to the old school on Highway 16.
Location.
Lakes District Secondary School (LDSS) is located at 685 Yellowhead Highway 16 in Burns Lake, BC V0J 1E0. PO Box 3000 Burns Lake, BC V0J 1E0. 
Burns Lake is located in the heart of northern British Columbia, about 228 km west of Prince George on Highway 16. The Village has a diverse population of 3,649 residents (including Ts'il Kaz Koh and Lake Babine Nation) and serves a surrounding area of approximately 10,000 residents in the Regional District of Bulkley-Nechako.
Surrounded by nature, there are numerous options for recreational activities. Spirit Square is a community waterfront park complete with recreation and meeting areas for both residents and visitors alike. Spirit Square also boasts free fitness stations, public docks and a boat launch. A wide variety of hiking trails, canoeing and kayaking areas and an abundance of lakes to fish and boat on. Burns Lake is also fortunate to have world class mountain biking trails, with more than 13 km (8 miles) of downhill trails and seven km. (four miles) of cross-country trails, located just five minutes from the Village center.
Breakfast Program.
Through donations from local businesses and the Breakfast Club of Canada, LDSS offers a free and healthy breakfast each day for students. A variety of fruits, bagels, yogurts, oatmeal, and cereals are served to "feed learning". Thursdays feature a hot breakfast from the grill, including waffles and pancakes. The food is served from 8:15–8:45 from the concession in the Multipurpose Room (MPR). All donations to the Breakfast program over $100 are eligible for a tax receipt.
Energy Monitoring System.
LDSS has a energy monitoring system that allows students, staff, and community members to view the electrical usage of the building in several formats. LDSS is the first school in the district to have such a device installed. The goal is to reduce energy usage through education, new technology and input from the people that come to LDSS each day. The energy monitor is located just inside the main doors in full public view.

</doc>
<doc id="18551882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551882" title="Mukuno Station">
Mukuno Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nishikigawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18551896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551896" title="Naguwa Station">
Naguwa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nishikigawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18551902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551902" title="Nekasa Station">
Nekasa Station

, alternatively Negasa, is a train station in Iwakuni, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nishikigawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18551903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551903" title="Sphodromantis quinquecallosa">
Sphodromantis quinquecallosa

Sphodromantis quinquecallosa is a species of praying mantis found in Africa. 

</doc>
<doc id="18551906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551906" title="Paulin Voavy">
Paulin Voavy


</doc>
<doc id="18551914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551914" title="Kawayama Station">
Kawayama Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nishikigawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18551915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551915" title="List of ship launches in 1877">
List of ship launches in 1877

The list of ship launches in 1877 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1877.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18551918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551918" title="List of ship commissionings in 1877">
List of ship commissionings in 1877

The list of ship commissionings in 1877 includes a chronological list of all ships commissioned in 1877.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18551921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551921" title="List of ship decommissionings in 1877">
List of ship decommissionings in 1877

The list of ship decommissionings in 1877 includes a chronological list of all ships decommissioned in 1877.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18551925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551925" title="List of shipwrecks in 1877">
List of shipwrecks in 1877

The list of shipwrecks in 1877 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1877.

</doc>
<doc id="18551928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551928" title="Sphodromantis rubrostigma">
Sphodromantis rubrostigma

Sphodromantis rubrostigma, common name Kenya mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya and Tanzania. 

</doc>
<doc id="18551930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551930" title="Yanaze Station">
Yanaze Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nishikigawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18551935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551935" title="Nishikichō Station">
Nishikichō Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|Nishikigawa Railway

</doc>
<doc id="18551939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551939" title="Sphodromantis tenuidentata">
Sphodromantis tenuidentata

Sphodromantis tenuidentata, common name Tanzanian mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Tanzania. 

</doc>
<doc id="18551944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551944" title="Mekhak Ghazaryan">
Mekhak Ghazaryan

Mekhak Ghazaryan (; born December 13, 1966 in Gyumri, Shirak), also known as Mikhail Kazaryan, is a retired amateur boxer from Armenia. He represented the Soviet Union at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea in the men's featherweight (57 kg) division. Ghazaryan was defeated in the third round by eventual gold medalist Giovanni Parisi. He represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia in the men's lightweight (60 kg) division. Ghazaryan lost in the second round to Michael Strange.
Ghazaryan won the European Championship title in the lightweight division at the 1987 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Turin. Ghazaryan won a bronze medal at the 1993 European Amateur Boxing Championships in the lightweight division.

</doc>
<doc id="18551946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551946" title="Bandar Meru Raya">
Bandar Meru Raya

Bandar Meru Raya is a new township in Ipoh, Perak, Malaysia. It is located between Jelapang and Chemor. Many new developments have occurred in this township, such as Mydin Shopping Mall, New Bus and Taxi Terminal, Casuaria Hotel, Jakel Textile and Tenby International School.
Bandar Meru Raya touted in North Ipoh as the new Cyberjaya and Putrajaya for Ipoh. Not only was it recognised in 2007 as a MSC Malaysia Cybercentre.
Located across the North-South Highway from Jelapang, Meru Raya is set to also house over 10 government buildings, including those for the Ministry of Home Affairs, Perak Foundation, Forestry Department, National Audit Department, Malaysia Anti-Corruption Agency, Ministry of Home Affairs and the National Archives of Malaysia.
http://bandarmeruraya.com created to list businesses around Bandar Meru Raya, Ipoh, Perak and Malaysia for FREE. 

</doc>
<doc id="18551962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551962" title="Sphodromantis royi">
Sphodromantis royi

Sphodromantis royi, common name Roy's mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Burkina Faso, Mali, Mauretania, Niger, and Senegal. 

</doc>
<doc id="18551965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551965" title="Jonathan Ayité">
Jonathan Ayité


</doc>
<doc id="18551970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551970" title="Harima-Takaoka Station">
Harima-Takaoka Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18551978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551978" title="Gerard Baldwin Brown">
Gerard Baldwin Brown

Gerard Baldwin Brown (31 October 1849 – 12 July 1932) was a British art historian.
Brown was born in London, the son of church minister James Baldwin Brown and his wife, a sister of the sculptor Henry Leifchild. He studied at Oriel College, Oxford and became a Fellow at Brasenose College in 1874. He became the first holder of the Watson-Gordon Professorship of Fine Art at the University of Edinburgh in 1880 and held the chair until his retirement in 1930.
The six-volume "The Arts in Early England", which he began publishing in 1903 and which still occupied him at his death, has been regarded as Brown's most important work.
Brown also wrote an early review of historic preservation legislation in various European countries "The Care of Ancient Monuments" (1905), in which he made unfavourable comparisons between policies in Britain and in other European countries. The book came to the attention of Sir John Sinclair, Secretary for Scotland, and led to the establishment in February 1908 of the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland (on which Brown served as one of the first Commissioners), followed by equivalent Royal Commissions for Wales and England.
He was cremated and his ashes interred with his parents at West Norwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18551979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551979" title="Yobe Station">
Yobe Station


</doc>
<doc id="18551980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551980" title="National Poetry Competition">
National Poetry Competition

The National Poetry Competition is an annual poetry prize established in 1978. It is run by the UK-based Poetry Society and accepts entries from all over the world, with over 10,000 poems being submitted to the competition each year. Winning has been an important milestone in the careers of many well-known poets. 
Carol Ann Duffy, the current UK Poet Laureate, won in 1983 with 'Whoever She Was'. Looking back in 2007 she commented: "in those days, one was still called a 'poetess'- so it meant a lot, as a young woman poet, to begin to try to change that". Christopher James, the 2008 winner, commented "if there is an unspoken Grand Slam circuit for poetry prizes, then the National Poetry Competition is definitely Wimbledon – it's the one everyone dreams of winning". Other prestigious names to have won the competition include Ruth Padel, Jo Shapcott, Sinéad Morrissey, Ian Duhig, Colette Bryce and the poet and novelist Helen Dunmore.
The competition runs annually, opening in the spring and closing in the autumn. A new team of judges (made up of three respected poets) is announced each year. The first prize is £5,000 and the top three winners are published in Britain's leading poetry magazine, "Poetry Review".

</doc>
<doc id="18551982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551982" title="Sunway City Ipoh">
Sunway City Ipoh

Sunway City Ipoh is a township in Ipoh, Perak, Malaysia. It is located in Tambun. One of the famous attractions is The Lost World of Tambun.

</doc>
<doc id="18551986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551986" title="Sphodromantis fenestrata">
Sphodromantis fenestrata

Sphodromantis fenestrata is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, Sudan, and Tanzania. 

</doc>
<doc id="18551991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551991" title="Ōichi Station">
Ōichi Station


</doc>
<doc id="18551994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18551994" title="The Stranger Beside Me">
The Stranger Beside Me

The Stranger Beside Me is a 1980 autobiographical and biographical true crime book written by Ann Rule about serial killer Ted Bundy, whom she knew personally before and after his arrest for a series of murders. Subsequent revisions of the book were released in 1986, 1989, 2000, and 2008.
Plot summary.
The first few chapters following the brief introduction about Bundy's birth and family describe Rule's friendship with Bundy, her first impressions of him, and her reluctance to consider the evidence that he might be responsible for the crimes of which he was accused.
The events of the Chi Omega murders at Florida State University in January 1978 are written in third person, but not omnisciently, as the perpetrator is not identified as being Bundy, thus keeping the documentation of these events in-sync with the knowledge available to officers "at the time".
It is not until Bundy's capture and trials in Florida that Rule fully accepts that Bundy is a serial killer. She finds the idea shocking to the point that she " to the ladies room and throws up." An afterword, following Rule's lament for Bundy and his victims, describes the Kimberly Leach trial. The 1989 update outlines Bundy's execution, and the 2000 update touches on many things, including various women claiming to have encountered Bundy in the '70s, Robert Keppel's retirement from detective work and his employment at the University of Washington, and Bundy's possible involvement in the unsolved disappearance of Ann Marie Burr, a girl who disappeared in 1961 when Bundy was 14. 
A 2008 update of the book includes more stories from women who have contacted Rule with stories of their "near-miss" contacts with a man they believe was Ted Bundy, and also a "Ted Bundy FAQ" section in which Rule tries to answer the questions most frequently asked by readers, including the fact that he was not responsible for the 1973 murder of Kathy Merry Devine, for which he was long suspected. DNA testing linked that killing to an ex-convict named William Cosden, who was subsequently tried and convicted of her murder.
Film adaptation.
In 2003, "The Stranger Beside Me" was adapted into a made-for-TV film, starring Billy Campbell as Bundy and Barbara Hershey as Rule.

</doc>
<doc id="18552003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552003" title="HMS Penylan (L89)">
HMS Penylan (L89)

HMS "Penylan" was a Hunt class destroyer of the Royal Navy. She was a member of the third subgroup of the class, and saw service in the Second World War, before being sunk by German E-boats in 1942.
Construction and commissioning.
"Penylan" was ordered on 23 August 1940 under the 1940 War Emergency Programme from Vickers-Armstrongs, Barrow-in-Furness. She was laid down as Job No J3585 on 4 June 1941 and launched on 17 March 1942. She was commissioned into service on 25 August 1942, and after working up, was assigned to the 1st Destroyer Flotilla. She was adopted by the civil community of the Borough and Rural District of Carmarthen.
Service.
"Penylan" sailed to Scapa Flow in September and spent the rest of the month working up with ships of the Home Fleet, after which she sailed to Portsmouth. She had to put into a commercial shipyard in London on 22 October after a number of defects came to light. She was under repair until 9 November when she sailed to Portsmouth and joined the 1st Destroyer Flotilla on patrol in the English Channel. She was deployed on 1 December to escort convoy PW-257. The convoy was attacked by E-boats on 3 December, and "Penylan" was torpedoed and sunk five miles south of Start Point by the E-boat "S115". Five officers and 112 ratings were rescued. She was the shortest lived of the Hunts, spending only 30 days on active service. The wreck is designated as a "protected place" under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18552012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552012" title="Hon-Tatsuno Station">
Hon-Tatsuno Station


</doc>
<doc id="18552026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552026" title="Higashi-Hashisaki Station">
Higashi-Hashisaki Station


</doc>
<doc id="18552030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552030" title="Henri Bedimo">
Henri Bedimo

Career.
Bedimo was born in Douala, Cameroon and remains there until he emigrated for France when he was 15 in 1999 where he began his football career and the same year, he joined Grenoble as his first club in his professional football career. After three years in the youth at Grenoble and playing in the reserve, he joined Toulouse on a free transfer in 2003. Shortly joining Toulouse, he played in the reserve team for a while until he was promoted to the first team, the following year where he made his debut for the club and played his first professional league game in a 0–0 draw against Lens on the opening game of the season on August 7, 2004 and played 90 minutes the following week, on August 21, 2004, in a 2–1 win over Paris Saint-Germain. Since then, he barely played a few matches in the first team for Toulouse.
With his first opportunities limited at Toulouse, Bedimo joined Le Havre on a free transfer in 2006. On the opening day of the season on July 28, 2006, he made his debut for the club in a 3–1 loss against Amiens. Since then, Bedimo established himself in the starting eleven at Le Havre. Three months later, Bedimo received a straight red card for the first time in his career, in a 1–0 win over Istres on October 13, 2006. Toward the end of the season, Bedimo scored an own goal, which turned out to be a winning goal, in a 2–1 loss against Montpellier on May 14, 2007. In the 2006–07 season, he made 23 appaearances for the club in his first season there.
After the 2007–08 season, Bedimo left Le Havre for Châteauroux on a free transfer on July 22, 2007. In the opening game of the season, Bedimo made his first start and played 90 minutes, in a 0–0 draw against Clermont Foot. On September 21, 2007, Bedimo scored his first goal in a 1–0 win over Chamois Niortais and his second six months later on March 30, 2008, when he scored in a 2–1 loss against Sedan. At Châteauroux, Bedimo established himself in the starting eleven at the club and was linked back to his former club, Grenoble but the club successfully to managed to keep him for the next season. Despite the transfer rumors, Bedimo continued to become a regular player in the first team. The following season, Bedimo scored his first goal of the season in a 2–1 loss against Boulogne on October 3, 2008 and the following season on October 30, 2009, he scored in a 5–4 loss against Dijon. 
On January 11, 2010, the defender's transfer from Châteauroux to Lens was finalised after being persuaded by his agent, Roger Boli, to join the club. Bedimo made his debut on February 6, 2010, in a 2–1 win over Le Mans, where he took advantage of injured Marco Ramos and led to the opening goal for Kévin Monnet-Paquet. Two weeks after his debut on February 20, 2010, he scored his first goal in a 3–0 win over Monaco. At the end of the season, the club would retain their Ligue 1 status. However the following season, RC Lens was relegated to Ligue 2 after two seasons and Bedimo made 35 appearances.
In June 2011, he signed a four-year contract at Montpellier. On the opening day of the season, Bedimo made his debut in a 3–1 win over Auxerre and three weeks later on August 27, 2011, he scored his first goal in a 2–1 loss against Lyon. At the club, Bedimo established himself, playing in the left-back position. On April 15, 2012, he scored an own goal in a 2–1 loss against Lorient. At the end of the season, Montpellier won their first league title in the club's history after beating Auxerre 2–1 on the last game of the season. At the end of the 2011-12 season, Hilton was named Trophées UNFP du football's Team of the Year of 2012. The 2012-13 season was proved less successful for the club, as they failed to defend the title and for Bedimo, he was included five out of six matches in the UEFA Champions League.
On 1 August 2013, Bedimo joined fellow French team Lyon for a fee of €2 million plus bonuses on a three-year deal.
International career.
He was also selected for the 2010 African Cup of Nations by Cameroon National coach Paul Le Guen.

</doc>
<doc id="18552040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552040" title="Harima-Shingū Station">
Harima-Shingū Station


</doc>
<doc id="18552051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552051" title="Neuropsychophysiology">
Neuropsychophysiology

Neuropsychophysiology is a term coined by Michele Trimarchi and defined as a ""scientific discipline which integrates Neurology, Psychology, and Physiology."" Such a definition would already apply to established fields such as psychophysiology, neuropsychology or cognitive neuroscience that focus on the relationship between the mind and the nervous system, therefore it is doubtful whether "neuropsychophysiology" is a separate "field" of study.
It is claimed by the "International Society of Neuropsychophysiology" that neuropsychophysiologal studies have focused on subjects such as the physiology of consciousness, the pathology of emotions, and the physiology of communication. The term has also been applied in at least one study of hypnosis and a study of the treatment of schizophrenia.
The term "neuropsychophysiology" sounds impressive and is therefore used widely in self-help and alternative medicine. However, the term is tautological; "neuro" and "physiology" in this context both meaning "brain".

</doc>
<doc id="18552068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552068" title="Abdelaziz Kamara">
Abdelaziz Kamara

Abdelhazzi Kamaradimo (born 10 April 1984 in Saint-Denis, Paris), is a French-born Mauritanian footballer who plays for Romanian Liga II club Farul Constanţa and for the Mauritanian national team. His primary position is as a left back in defence.
International career.
Kamara is a member of the Mauritania national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18552074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552074" title="Andhra Andagadu">
Andhra Andagadu

Andhra Andagadu () is a comedy film starring with Krishna Bhagavan, Suman Shetty, Kondavalasa Lakshmana Rao and Sri Teja. The film is directed by Sudha and produced by Anji.
Production.
The film was released on 31 August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18552075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552075" title="Aram Ramazyan">
Aram Ramazyan

Aram Ramazyan (, born December 6, 1978 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is a retired amateur boxer from Armenia. 
He represented his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia in the men's bantamweight (54 kg) division. He lost in the first round to Georgia's Theimuraz Khurtsilava. Ramazyan won a bronze medal at the 1997 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Budapest. The next year, Ramazyan won a bronze medal at the 1998 Boxing World Cup. He also won a bronze medal at the 2000 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Tampere.

</doc>
<doc id="18552087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552087" title="Malcolm Pill">
Malcolm Pill

Sir Malcolm Thomas Pill (born 11 March 1938) is a former Lord Justice of Appeal, who was the longest-serving member of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales upon reaching mandatory retirement at age 75.
Pill was born 11 March 1938 was educated at Whitchurch Grammar School and Trinity College, Cambridge.
Pill was called to the bar (Gray's Inn) in 1962.
From 1963 to 1964 he was Third Secretary at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office and spent a period in Geneva at the United Nations Commission on Human Rights. For nine years he was chairman of the United Kingdom Committee of the Freedom from Hunger Campaign.
He was a Recorder from 1976 to 1987. He became a Queen's Counsel in 1978, and was appointed a High Court judge on 15 January 1988, receiving the customary knighthood, and assigned to the Queen's Bench Division. From 1989 to 1993, he was Presiding Judge for the Wales and Chester Circuit.
He was appointed a Lord Justice of Appeal on 1 February 1995, and was given the customary Privy Council appointment. Among his most notable judgments is the second appeal in the Stephen Downing case.
He retired from the Court of Appeal on 11 March 2013.
Publication.
1999 "A Cardiff Family in the Forties" (childhood memoirs).

</doc>
<doc id="18552092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552092" title="Archbishop's Garden">
Archbishop's Garden

Archbishop's Garden ("Hungarian:Érsekkert" or colloquially "Népkert") is a park in Eger, Hungary, that covers about 12 hectares.
History.
It was created on the area of a former hunting ground. The park walls were built by Bishop Esterházy. Some of these walls 
are still standing on the northern and western side of the park. The park was opened to the public in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="18552113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552113" title="FFC Heike Rheine">
FFC Heike Rheine

FFC Heike Rhine is a German women's football club based in Rheine, North Rhine-Westphalia. The team currently plays in the German third division Regionalliga (women) West. Heike Rheine was the first independent women's football club in Germany.
History.
The club has its origins at the VfB Rheine. They had played on a local level until 1986 when Alfred Werner took over the head of the women's section. Two consecutive promotions in 1988 and 1989 took the club to the Regionalliga (West), then Germany's top football league for women. A second place in their first season 1989–90 qualified Heike Rheine for the newly founded Bundesliga. In 1992 and 1993 they finished 3rd in their group of the league and reached the semifinals of the cup. In 1994 VfB Rheine merged with SG Eintracht Rheine, naming itself FC Eintracht Rheine. The following years Rheine repeatedly finished 4th in the league thus qualifying for the single-railed Bundesliga at its introduction in 1997 while being runner-up in the cup the same year.
On March 10, 1998 the women's section split from the club, becoming independent under the name FFC Heike Rheine. The club was relegated the same year, but managed re-promotion in the following year. In 2004 the club had its greatest success, finishing 3rd in the league and providing the league's top scorer Kerstin Garefrekes. At the end of the season Garefrekes left for 1. FFC Frankfurt though. When other top players had left the club in the following years, Rheine was relegated to the 2. Bundesliga in 2007. The relegation triggered the leaving of further coreplayers, leading to a second consecutive relegation in 2008. Rheine since plays in the Regionalliga.

</doc>
<doc id="18552114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552114" title="Gloria Gaynor (album)">
Gloria Gaynor (album)

Gloria Gaynor is the tenth studio album by Gloria Gaynor and her only to be released on Atlantic Records after her contract with Polydor Records expired. The lead single release was a cover of The Supremes' "Stop in the Name of Love", followed by the singles "America" and "Tease Me". The album failed to garner much attention in either the U.S. or in Europe. It was re-released on CD in 1996 with a previously unreleased 1982 re-recording of "I Will Survive" added as track 1 (3:35) and a 5:03 Extended Mix as track 10.
Track listings.
Side 1
Side 2

</doc>
<doc id="18552116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552116" title="Cédric Kisamba">
Cédric Kisamba


</doc>
<doc id="18552121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552121" title="Richard Yates (actor)">
Richard Yates (actor)

Richard Yates (c. 1706–1796) was an English comic actor, who worked at the Haymarket Theatre and Drury Lane among others, appearing in David Garrick's "King Lear". He also worked in theatre management, and set up the New Theatre in Birmingham in 1773. Both his first wife, Elizabeth Mary (maiden name unknown, died in 1753) and Mary Anne Graham (1728–1787 - married in 1756) were actresses.
Life.
Born about 1706, he played in Henry Fielding's "Pasquin" at the Haymarket when it was first performed. In 1737–9, at Covent Garden, he was seen in a number of parts. On 4 September 1739 he appeared at Drury Lane as Jeremy in "Love for Love", and played other comic parts. At Goodman's Fields he appeared on 18 October 1740 as Antonio in "Venice Preserved", playing further parts during the season. For his benefit and that of Mrs. Elizabeth Yates, his first wife (about whom little is known) who played at this time small parts such as Emilia in the "The Winter's Tale", and was the Duchess of York on David Garrick's first appearance on the stage, he attempted Lovegold in the "The Miser", in the style of Benjamin Griffin.
Richard Yates is believed to have been the first Autolycus and Clown in "All's well that ends well" since 1660. He was on 9 November 1741 the original Mrs. Jewkes in James Dance's stage adaptation of the novel "Pamela; or, Virtue Rewarded", and on 30 November the original Dick in Garrick's "Lying Valet", subsequently taking Sharp in the same piece. On 18 September 1742 he reappeared at Drury Lane, where he remained until 1767. He was the original Motley in "The Astrologer" by James Ralph on 3 April 1744; Sir Robert Belmont in Edward Moore's "The Foundling", 13 February 1748; Melchior in Moore's "Gil Blas", 2 February 1751; and Puff in Samuel Foote's "Taste", 11 January 1752.
In 1753–4 Mrs. Graham, subsequently Mary Ann Yates, joined the company, and Yates became closely associated with her. They seem to have been married in the autumn of 1756. In his later years he was reputedly engaged mainly on her account. He was, 30 April 1754, the original Grumbler. Yates had previously, 18 March, been the first Grumio in Garrick's "Catharine and Petruchio". He was the first Wingate in Arthur Murphy's "The Apprentice", 2 January 1756. He had at some time, probably around 1760, set up with Edward Shuter and others a booth at Bartholomew Fair, playing Pantaloon to Shuter's Harlequin. Yates was a pantomimist frequently himself seen as Harlequin.
Under the management of Thomas Harris, John Rutherford, George Colman the Elder, and William Powell, King made his first appearance at Covent Garden on 31 October 1767 as Major Oakly, in Colman's "The Jealous Wife", and was the original Prig and Frightened Boor in "Royal Merchant", an opera based by Thomas Hull on the "Beggar's Bush" on 14 December. At this house he played Cloten, Florimond in "Edgar and Emmeline" by John Hawkesworth, Sir Gilbert Wrangle in the "The Refusal", Brass, and Lucio. He was the original Sir Benjamin Dove in Richard Cumberland's "Brothers", 2 December 1769; and Stanley in "An Hour before Marriage", 25 January 1772. On 11 January 1773 he appeared at Edinburgh in "Othello", and played also Captain Brazen, Touchstone, and Shylock. On 5 May 1775 he reappeared at Drury Lane as Scrub, but does not seem to have acted again that season. From 1780 to 1782 he was resting. On 6 December 1782 he made, as Sir Wilful Witwoud in "The Way of the World", a first appearance at Covent Garden in ten years, and was on 28 January 1783 the first Sir Edmund Travers in Cumberland's "Mysterious Husband".
Last years.
Yates from then no longer worked in London; he was engaged with his wife in Edinburgh 1784–5, and probably acted with her in York during her return journey on 21 April 1785. He retired with a handsome competence.
On 21 April 1796, at his house, Stafford Row, Pimlico, Yates died, it is said, in a fit of rage at being unable to obtain eels for dinner. He was buried at his own request by his second wife in the chancel of Richmond church. He was considered unequalled in Shakespearean clowns.

</doc>
<doc id="18552123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552123" title="Lollobrigida Girls">
Lollobrigida Girls

Lollobrigida girls, also known as VIS Lollobrigida (VIS is a Croatian language acronym for 'band', used often in the 1970s) or Lollobrigida is originally a Croatian, Zagreb–based, female electro-pop/synthpop band. In 2008. The Slovenes Kleemar, David, and Jernej joined the band rendering the group Croatian-Slovenian in its composition.
Early history.
As a duo, Lollobrigida performed for the first time at a bigger public concert in June 2003 in the student club KSET, as an opening band for German trash-style musician Mambo Kurt, attracting immediately a pronounced interest within Zagreb's underground-music audience.
In the original lineup there were Ida Prester and Natalija Dimicevski singing and playing bass-guitar on top of their computer-generated music matrix. In February 2004 the duo performed as a sole band at the crowded concert in Zagreb's Studentski centar; after that they signed a contract with the Slovenian label Menart Records/DOP Records.
In June 2004 Lollobrigida performed at the third Zagreb Pride.
Lollobrigida's first single, "Party", was released in September 2004 soon becoming a pretty well-accepted hit, rendering the underground phenomenon into a name known to many, first in Croatia and latter on in the neighboring countries. Sizeable covering in Croatian media, involving print, radio, and television, release of an anti-holiday single "Unhappy Christmas", and a performance at the big rock-concert Fiju Briju in Zagreb all enabled Lollobrigida to keep a high level of interest in the audience till the release of their debut album "Cartoon Explosion", in May 2005. The girls have promoted the album in the club KSET again. The introductory band at the latter concert was a hip-hop duo Bitcharke na travi from Serbia, Beograd.
VIS Lollobrigida.
In 2006 Lollobrigida transformed to some extent their musical and stage-performing concept. Natalija left the band. Several instrumentalists, playing keyboards, guitar and bass, joined the band adding a new sound quality to the electronic matrix background. Unlike Ida, the band founder and the Lollobrigida constant, other band members were changing rather frequently. The prefix VIS has been also added to the band name. (A sort of sentimental homage to pop-rock music of socialistic times). During that year Lollobrigida started working on their new album, 'Lollobrigida Incorporated', finally released in May 2008, following the promo-concert taken place in Zagreb club Tvornica. In 2005 the single 'Bubblegum boy' was released. Soon after, the accompanied video spot was broadcast by MTV Adria and many other local TV-networks. In 2006 the band increased its popularity by releasing the single and video spot 'Moj decko je gay' (meaning 'My boyfriend is gay'). In 2008, a few months before a release of the new album, the single (and a video-spot) 'Miss Right and Mrs. Wrong' was launched, reaching the top positions on many Croatian musical top-lists. In June 2009. the single and the video spot 'Volim te' was released reaching the top position on the 'Pure MTV Adria Chart list'. The English version of the spot 'Volim te' was promoted on MTV Adria in November 2009. In 2010. Lollobrigida released the single and videospot 'Bivša djevojka' ('Ex-girlfriend') and in 2011. the singles and videospots 'Kompjuter' and 'Sex on TV, sex on the radio'. In numerous interviews in Croatian media Ida Prester announced in 2011 work on the third band's album. Immediately before its promotion the single 'Malo vremena' was released. The third album by Lollobrigida, 'Pilula', was premièred on 21. January 2012 at the concert held in the club Tvornica, Zagreb.
On 18.6.2012. single and the video 'Ja se resetiram' ('I'm resetting') was released, immediately attracting some international attention.
Musical style and performances.
Lyrics, music and stage performance appear to be equally important elements of the way that Lollobrigida band communicates with its audience. By insisting on honesty, simplicity and originality Lollobrigida keeps distance from standard musical and textual stereotypes, choosing instead a sort of genre indeterminacy. At variance with the latter elements, the perfection of their musical and vocal interpretations is not particularly cultivated. Ida Prester authors the lyrics of all the songs being simultaneously, taking into account the whole opus up to now, a leading author of all music as well. Critics have expressed variety of opinions about Lollobrigida; some are denying any value and/or musical importance while there are also those remarking '...Lollobrigida is the biggest thing that Croatia gave to the international music scene in the past years...'. Time Out (magazine), in its edition focusing life in Croatia, inserted band Lollobrigida on the list of 115 most prominent acts/individuals/places of contemporary Croatian culture.
Since their start-up Lollobrigida was performing at numerous concerts in Croatia, Serbia, Slovenia, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Hungary and Macedonia. On 1 September 2009 MTV Adria nominated Lollobrigida for the Best Regional Act Award, together with four bands from Slovenia, Bosnia-Herzegovina and Serbia. On basis of Internet voting Lollobrigida won the award, as announced on 12 October 2009. The award was handed over to the band in the course of MTV Europe Music Awards 2009 show, which took place on 5 November 2009 in Berlin, Germany in O2 World hall.
Among their live performances one can especially single out a sequence of six well-accepted performances, from 2005 on, at EXIT (festival), Novi Sad, Serbia. There, Lollobrigida became a sort of a trademark of the festival's 'Elektrana' Stage. In 2009. Lollobrigida performed for the first time at the 'Fusion' Stage of EXIT (festival) and in 2010., on 10 July, at the festival's 'Main Stage'. In 2012. and 2013.,Lollobrigida kept with their shows at EXIT (festival), performing again on the Fusion Stage (2012.) and on a new EXIT (festival)' s stage, ' Riffs&Beats' (2013.).
External links.
Examples of numerous video materials:
Some articleas and/or interviews in Croatian media (in Croatian):

</doc>
<doc id="18552136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18552136" title="Solid Silver">
Solid Silver

Solid Silver is the eighth album by American psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service and their mid-70s comeback album. Although the songs were much shorter than on their classic late 1960s albums, "Solid Silver" has generally been considered a "comeback" because the original line-up found on their first two albums had temporarily reunited.
Though the album charted slightly higher than their previous two released, briefly denting the Top 100 on the "Billboard" 200, this would be the last Quicksilver album until Gary Duncan resurrected the Quicksilver name in 1986 with the album "Peace by Piece" and again in the 90's with several albums. 
Charts.
Billboard (North America)

</doc>
