<doc id="18268555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268555" title="David Horne (composer)">
David Horne (composer)

David Horne (born 12 December 1970) is a Scottish composer, pianist, and teacher. 
A resident composer with the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic for four years, he has been awarded several commissions. His works have been performed by international caliber artists.
As an award winning pianist, he has performed with leading British orchestras.
Biography.
He was born in Tillicoultry, near Stirling, in 1970. His father played piano (non professionally) and he started learning the piano at the age of seven. Early in his life his family moved to Norway, his mother’s native country. Aged eleven, he went to St Mary's Music School in Edinburgh to study piano with Audrey Innes and composition with Geoffrey King. In 1989 he moved to Philadelphia to study at the Curtis Institute, where he studied with Ned Rorem. He moved on to Harvard University, where he obtained a PhD in 1999 and became a visiting lecturer, still in his 20s. He has since returned to the United Kingdom and lives in Manchester, where he is a lecturer at the Royal Northern College of Music. In 2004 he led the New Music/New Media course for the Britten-Pears School. In 2006/07, he was visiting professor at the Escola Superior de Música de Catalunya. 
He was composer in residence with the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic from 2000 to 2004.
As a pianist, he received the piano section BBC Young Musician of the Year award in 1988.
He has performed as soloist with orchestras including the BBC Symphony Orchestra, City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra, London Sinfonietta, and Scottish National Orchestra.
He has appeared at The Proms, making his debut in 1990 performing Prokofiev's Third Concerto.
Work.
Horne composes concertos, orchestral, ensemble and chamber music, operas, and songs.
He received the "Yorkshire Arts Association Young Composers' Competition" at the Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival for his composition "Splintered Unisons", which was performed by the Prometheus Ensemble. In 1994 he was awarded a Stephen Oliver Prize for his opera "Travellers". He has received commissions for compositions by soloists such as percussionist Evelyn Glennie ("Reaching Out" and "Ignition"), violist Nobuko Imai ("Stilled Voices"), and pianist Boris Berezovsky ("Liszt"), as well as a Koussevitzky Commission in 1995. He was shortlisted for the vocal category of the 2007 British Composer Awards for his work "Life’s Splinters".
His opera "Friend of the People" was premiered at the Scottish Opera in November 1999.
His works have been performed by groups such as the BBC Symphony Orchestra, the Nash Ensemble, the London Sinfonietta, the Birmingham Contemporary Music Group, the California EAR Unit, the Ensemble für neue Musik Zürich, The Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center, the Nieuw Ensemble, Ensemble Moderne, and string quartets Mendelssohn Quartet, Yggdrasil Quartet, Daedalus Quartet and Brentano Quartet.
He is published by Boosey and Hawkes and his music has been recorded on BMG and NMC.

</doc>
<doc id="18268559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268559" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Yantai">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Yantai

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yantai/Chefoo/Zhifou/Yentai (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Yantai in the Ecclesiastical province of Jinan in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18268562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268562" title="OpenMicroBlogging">
OpenMicroBlogging

OpenMicroBlogging is an open protocol that allows different microblogging services to inter-operate. It lets the user of one service subscribe to notices by a user of another service. This enables a federation of new communities, as potentially an organization of any size can host a service. OpenMicroBlogging utilizes the OAuth and Yadis protocols and does not depend on any central authority.
OpenMicroBlogging has been superseded by an enhanced version of it, OStatus. OStatus will also be implemented by the Diaspora social platform.
History.
The first implementation of the OpenMicroBlogging protocol is the Laconica software, which changed name to StatusNet in August 2009. Identi.ca is the first service to support OpenMicroBlogging, and other sizeable services including Leo Laporte's Twit Army at http://army.twit.tv are amongst those powered by the open source StatusNet. 
Since March 2009 one can search users' accounts in Twit Army from within Identi.ca. You also can subscribe to accounts at Twit Army from your Identi.ca account.
The second implementation of the OpenMicroBlogging protocol is the OpenMicroBlogger software.
External links.
Implementations:
Services

</doc>
<doc id="18268586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268586" title="SkyPoint">
SkyPoint

SkyPoint is a 361 ft (110 m) high rise in Tampa, Florida. It was constructed from 2005 to 2007 and has 32 floors. The Preston Partnership, LLC along with Echelon Engineering, LLC designed the building, which is the 9th tallest building in Tampa. It has 380 Residential units spread across 25 levels sitting atop seven levels of enclosed parking. The ground floor houses of retail space. Separating the parking levels from the residential is a large amenity deck that houses a clubhouse, a fitness center, a media room and lounge, as well as a large landscaped terrace and swimming pool. Skypoint is composed of cast-in-place concrete in conjunction with post-tensioned cables. Concrete strengths range from at typical residential floors up to at the ground level columns and shearwalls. Just before its grand opening to residents, William “Wild Bill” Stroup BASE-jumped off the building on March 6, 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="18268608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268608" title="Ntractive">
Ntractive

Ntractive is a privately held software development company based in Grand Forks, North Dakota that markets business software to small to medium sized companies. Established in 2006, the company's sole product is Elements CRM, a customer relationship management application aimed at small business that use Mac OS X computers, iPads, iPad minis and iPhones., Elements CRM is a software as a service web application that employs a unique site-specific browser to merge desktop and web application functionality. The product was first introduced to the public at a keynote address during Apple's 2007 World Wide Developer's Conference. The official launch of Elements SBM (the products original name) 1.0 took place at Macworld 2009. The product was then renamed to Elements CRM and with its 2.0 release was awarded the honor of Apple "Staff Pick" in July, 2009..
History.
Origins.
The company was founded in January 2006 by Justin Bartak and Dale Jensen as a company specializing in software as a service (Saas) Customer Relationship Management for the Mac. The company's Elements Platform is part desktop and part cloud and is powered by Webkit.
Current Status.
Ntractive is headquartered in Grand Forks, North Dakota. Founder Justin Bartak is the company's CEO and Chairman. Dale Jensen left the company in 2010 to pursue other opportunities.
Products and Services.
Elements CRM.
Elements CRM is a Mac Customer Relationship Management solution for Apple business. Offered as a subscription-based service, Elements CRM is part desktop and part cloud. Its main functions include managing leads and contact information, tracking communication history, managing tasks and follow us, tracking email communication, creating estimates and invoices and managing projects.
Elements CRM Mobile.
Elements CRM Mobile is a universal mobile app for the iPhone, iPad and iPad mini. Elements CRM Mobile is an add-on to the Elements CRM desktop app. The iPad version of Elements CRM mobile looks, works and feels like the desktop app. The iPhone app is a limited version of the most important functions of the desktop app.
Elements CRM Mail.
Elements CRM Mail is an email tracking tool that works in conjunction with Elements CRM. It monitors the user's email server for communication between leads and clients stored in Elements CRM. When a match is found, a copy of the email is stored in Elements CRM within the client's record.

</doc>
<doc id="18268619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268619" title="List of Los Angeles Kings draft picks">
List of Los Angeles Kings draft picks

The Los Angeles Kings are a professional ice hockey franchise based in Los Angeles, California. They play in the Pacific Division of the Western Conference in the National Hockey League (NHL). The franchise was founded in 1967. Since arriving in Los Angeles, the Kings have drafted 420 players. The 2013 draft was the 47th in which Los Angeles participated.
The NHL Entry Draft is held each June, allowing teams to select players who have turned 18 years old by September 15 in the year the draft is held. The draft order is determined by the previous season's order of finish, with non-playoff teams drafting first, followed by the teams that made the playoffs, with the specific order determined by the number of points earned by each team. The NHL holds a weighted lottery for the 14 non-playoff teams, the winner of the lottery will pick first overall as of 2013. Prior to 2013 the winning team could only move up a maximum of four positions in the entry draft. The team with the fewest points has the best chance of winning the lottery, with each successive team given a lower chance of moving up in the draft. The Kings have won the lottery once in 1995, the Kings moved up from the seventh pick overall to the third pick which they used to select Aki Berg. Between 1986 and 1994, the NHL also held a Supplemental Draft for players in American colleges.
Los Angeles' first draft pick was Rick Pagnutti, taken 1st overall in the 1967 NHL Amateur Draft. The highest that Los Angeles has drafted is first overall, which they have done once, they selected Rick Pagnutti (1967). Thirteen picks went on to play over 1,000 NHL games: Larry Murphy, Luc Robitaille, Darryl Sydor, Martin Gelinas, Rob Blake, Garry Galley, Bernie Nicholls, Dave Taylor, Butch Goring, Jay Wells, Olli Jokinen, Alexei Zhitnik and Kimmo Timonen. Three of Los Angeles' draft picks, Billy Smith, Larry Murphy and Luc Robitaille have been elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame. 1984 draft pick Tom Glavine was also drafted by baseball's Atlanta Braves and chose a career in Major League Baseball over the NHL.
Draft picks.
"Statistics are complete as of the 2012–13 NHL season and show each player's career regular season totals in the NHL. Wins, losses, ties, overtime losses and goals against average apply to goaltenders and are used only for players at that position. This list includes players drafted by the team in Los Angeles only. Current King players (as of the end of the 2012-13 season) in bold."

</doc>
<doc id="18268623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268623" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Yanzhou">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Yanzhou

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yanzhou/Yenchow (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Yanzhou in the Ecclesiastical province of Jinan in China. The cathedral is now in the hands of the Patriotic Church of China.

</doc>
<doc id="18268630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268630" title="Johnny Walsh (hurler)">
Johnny Walsh (hurler)

Johnny Walsh was a famous Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Tubberadora and with the Tipperary senior inter-county team from 1895 until 1900.
Playing career.
Club.
Walsh played his club hurling with his local Tubberadora club and enjoyed much success. He won senior county championship titles with the club in 1895, 1896 and 1898. Tubberadora never again won another senior county title.
Inter-county.
Walsh first came to prominence on the inter-county scene with Tipperray in 1890. Cork, however, were the standard bearers in the province of Munster at the time. In 1895 Tipp faced Limerick in the provincial final and the game turned into a rout. Tipperary won the game by 7-8 to 0-2 giving Walsh his first Munster title. Tipperary later played Kilkenny in the All-Ireland final to be played at what is now Croke Park. Tipp took a 1-6 to 1-0 lead at half-time and went on to hammer ‘the Cats’ by 6-8 to 1-10 at the final whistle. Tipperary’s Paddy Riordan is said to have scored all but one point of his team’s total as Walsh collected his first All-Ireland title.
In 1896 as Tipperary played Cork in the Munster final. That game had to end before the official finish and a replay took place. Tipp easily won the replay by 7-9 to 2-3. The subsequent All-Ireland final saw Tipperary play Dublin at the famous Jones’s Road ground. Tipp scored a goal in the very first minute and took a 4-6 to 0-1 lead at half-time. The game turned into a rout as Tipperary won by 8-14 to 0-4 giving Walsh a second All-Ireland title. This game still holds the record as the most one-sided All-Ireland final.
Tipp surrendered their provincial crown in 1897, however, the team took on Cork in the 1898 Munster final. That game had to be abandoned due to fading light, however, Walsh collected a third provincial title as Tipp easily defeated ‘the Rebels’ in the replay. Galway fell heavily in the penultimate game of the championship, allowing Tipp to advance to the All-Ireland final against Kilkenny. In a high-scoring and exciting game Kilkenny were on top for the first twenty-five minutes. In the second-half Tipp took the upper hand with Mikey Maher scoring three goals. A 7-13 to 3-10 score line gave Tipp the victory and gave Walsh a third All-Ireland title as captain.
1899 saw Tipperary defeat Clare in the provincial decider giving Walsh his fourth Munster title. It was another rout as the 5-16 to 0-8 score line suggests. This victory allowed Walsh's team to advance directly to the All-Ireland final where Wexford provided the opposition. Wexford held Tipp for the first fifteen minutes; however, they still took a 2-6 to 1-3 lead at half-time. Walsh 's side went on the rampage in the second-half and finished with a score of 3-12 to 1-4. The Wexford team walked off the field with ten minutes left in the game because they couldn’t find a substitute for an injured player. Tipp were awarded the title and Walsh collected his fourth All-Ireland title.
In 1900 Tipperary trounced Kerry by 6-11 to 1-9 in the provincial final, giving Walsh his fifth Munster title. Tipp later narrowly defeated Kilkenny in the All-Ireland semi-final before trouncing Galway in the ‘home’ All-Ireland final. This was not the end of the championship campaign because, for the first year ever, the ‘home’ finalists had to take on London in the real All-Ireland final. The game was a close affair with both sides level at 0-5 with eight minutes to go. London then took the lead; however, they later conceded a free. Mikey Maher stepped up, took the free and a forward ‘charge’ carried the sliothar over the line. Tipp scored another goal following a weak puck out and claimed the victory. It was Walsh's fifth and final All-Ireland title. He retired from inter-county hurling shortly afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="18268641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268641" title="Adolfo Fumagalli">
Adolfo Fumagalli

Adolfo Fumagalli (October 19, 1828May 3, 1856) was a 19th-century Italian virtuoso pianist and composer, known today primarily for his virtuosic compositions for the left hand alone.
Born in Inzago, Italy, he grew up in a very musically-oriented environment. He had three brothers who also became musicians and composers, these being Luca (1837 - 1908), Disma (1826 - 1893) and Polibio (1830 - 1901). Fumagalli studied music with Angeloni at the Milan Conservatory and, in 1848, at the age of 20, made his Milan debut with some success. He then travelled to Turin, Paris, Belgium and Denmark, playing his own operatic fantasies and other salon works to great acclaim.
In 1856 he returned to Italy and, when he arrived, was soon thereafter given an Erard grand piano from the firm as an advertising promotion. On May 1 of that year he gave a concert but, shortly after, fell ill and died days later in Florence. 
He created his greatest sensation when he began performing his works for left hand. Although he looked rather frail, as is evident from paintings of him, he had a phenomenal technique and strong fingers that astonished everyone.
Fumagalli's output is quite extensive, though almost all of it is extremely difficult to obtain today. His works consist primarily of operatic fantasies and character pieces. One of his most difficult and virtuosic works is his "Grande Fantasie sur Robert le Diable de Meyerbeer", op.106 (dedicated to Liszt) for the left hand. He also composed an arrangement of Vincenzo Bellini's "Casta Diva" from "Norma" for the left hand. Almost his entire output is for solo piano and the works which employ other instruments all seem to include the piano in some way, a feature that is similar to Chopin's output. Although he was perhaps not a very inspired or ingenious composer, his works for left hand alone stand nonetheless as an important testament of the progress in technique and virtuosity of the period, especially of single-handed works.
Musical Works.
List of works:
Also included in his output are several songs for voice and piano.

</doc>
<doc id="18268716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268716" title="26th parallel north">
26th parallel north

The 26th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 26 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Africa, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Ocean, North America and the Atlantic Ocean.
A section of the border between Western Sahara and Mauritania is defined by the parallel.
At this latitude the sun is visible for 13 hours, 46 minutes during the summer solstice and 10 hours, 31 minutes during the winter solstice. The sun is at 40.17 degrees in the sky during the winter solstice and 87.83 degrees in the sky during the summer solstice
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 26° north passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18268717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268717" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Yizhou">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Yizhou

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yizhou/Ichow/Linyi (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Yizhou in the Ecclesiastical province of Jinan in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18268724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268724" title="Alakbar Mammadov">
Alakbar Mammadov

Alakbar Mammadov (; ; born 9 May 1930) is a Soviet and Azerbaijani footballer best known as a striker for FC Dynamo Moscow in the 1950s and later as the first manager of the independent Azerbaijan national football team. He has been classified as a Master of Sport of the USSR as a four-time champion player in the Soviet Top League and a member of the Soviet national team. Mammadov also played for and managed his hometown clubb PFC Neftchi Baku for a total of 12 years.
Mammadov is well known for scoring the winning goal for Dynamo to clinch the Soviet Top League title for the club in the 87th minute of their 1957 championship match against Spartak Moscow; 50 years later, Mammadov's strike was commemorated when he was awarded the Order of Alexander Nevsky (first degree) at Dynamo's Petrovsky Park. In addition to the 45 goals he scored as a member of Dynamo in league play, Mammadov also scored 11 times in international club play, including equalizers against A.C. Milan in front of 100,000 spectators at San Siro in 1955 and against the Brazilian side Vasco da Gama during their 1956 friendly in Moscow in front of 90,000 fans.
Between 1972 and 1990, Mammadov was the President of the staff that organized the "Leather Ball" All-Soviet Youth Football Tournament "(Всероссийский турнир юных футболистов «Кожаный мяч»)", which now is associated with the Danone Nations Cup. Mammadov wrote a memoir titled "Secrets of the Football Profession" in 1991.
In 1992, Mammadov became the first head coach of the Azerbaijani national football team, compiling a 3-1 record as coach that includes the first ever national team victory, over Georgia, on 25 May 1993. For his contributions to Azerbaijani football, a football tournament was established in 2008 in Mammadov's honor, which was played in Baku.
External links.
Exterpience of the Veterans 

</doc>
<doc id="18268773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268773" title="Accessory digestive gland">
Accessory digestive gland

An accessory digestive gland is a gland of the digestive system that is not a part of the digestive tract.
An example of an accessory digestive gland is the exocrine pancreas.
A closely related term is "accessory digestive organ". This can include structures that play a direct role in digestion, but are not glands, such as teeth.
Accessory organs to the alimentary canal include the salivary glands, liver, gallbladder, and pancreas. 

</doc>
<doc id="18268774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268774" title="Xanthippus (disambiguation)">
Xanthippus (disambiguation)

Xanthippus was a wealthy Athenian of the 5th century BC, and father of Pericles.
Xanthippus is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18268795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268795" title="1916 Grand Prix season">
1916 Grand Prix season

The 1916 Grand Prix season season saw Grand Prix motor racing continue in the United States. There was no racing in Europe due to World War I. 
Season.
1916 AAA Championship Car season

</doc>
<doc id="18268826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268826" title="Supernatural (season 2)">
Supernatural (season 2)

Season two of "Supernatural", an American paranormal drama television series created by Eric Kripke, premiered on September 28, 2006, and concluded on May 17, 2007, airing 22 episodes. The season focuses on protagonists Sam (Jared Padalecki) and Dean Winchester (Jensen Ackles) as they track down Azazel, the demon responsible for the deaths of their mother Mary and father John. They attempt to discover the demon's plan for Sam and other psychic children—young adults who were visited by Azazel as infants and given abilities, and whose mothers often then died in a fire. During their travels, they use their father's journal to help them carry on the family business—saving people and hunting supernatural creatures.
The season aired on Thursdays at 9:00 pm ET in the United States, and was the first season to air on The CW television network, a joint venture of The WB and UPN. The previous season was broadcast on The WB. It averaged only about 3.14 million American viewers, and was in danger of not being renewed. The cast and crew garnered many award nominations, but the episodes received mixed reviews from critics. While both the brotherly chemistry between the lead actors and the decision to finish the main storyline were praised, the formulaic structure of the episodes was criticized.
The season was internationally syndicated, airing in the United Kingdom on ITV, in Canada on Citytv and SPACE, and in Australia on Network Ten. It was released on DVD as a six-disc box set September 11, 2007, by Warner Home Video in Region 1. Although the season was split into two separate releases in Region 2, the complete set was released October 29, 2007, and in Region 4 October 2, 2007. The episodes are also available through digital retailers such as Apple's iTunes Store, Microsoft's Xbox Live Marketplace, and Amazon.com's on-demand TV service.
Episodes.
In this table, the number in the first column refers to the episode's number within the entire series, whereas the number in the second column indicates the episode's number within this particular season. "U.S. viewers in millions" refers to how many Americans watched the episode live or on the day of broadcast.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Production.
Casting.
The writers used the second season to expand upon the concept of hunters, resulting in the introduction of many recurring characters through the hunter-frequented saloon—Harvelle's Roadhouse. Samantha Ferris portrayed Ellen Harvelle, proprietor of the Roadhouse and an old friend of John Winchester, while Alona Tal played Ellen's daughter Jo. This pair complemented the father-son relationship of the Winchesters in the first year. Ferris believes she was exactly what the producers were looking for: a "tough, strong, yet a little maternal actor". Tal's character, on the other hand, was an intended love interest for Dean, and was eventually phased out because she came off as more of a sister figure. Chad Lindberg portrayed the genius Ash, who uses his vast computer skills to track the paranormal. Because the writers felt the character's "comical" and "wacky" personality was too unrealistic for the show, he was also removed by the finale.
Other characters returned from the first year. Actor Jim Beaver made multiple appearances as hunter Bobby Singer, an old family friend of the Winchesters. Beaver had expected his first-season guest appearance in "Devil's Trap" to be a "one-shot deal", and was surprised when he was asked to return. Adrianne Palicki reprised her role as Sam's deceased girlfriend Jessica in the alternate-reality episode "What Is and What Should Never Be", as did Samantha Smith as Mary Winchester. Smith also made an appearance in a flashback in the penultimate episode, "All Hell Breaks Loose, Part One". And though at first reluctant because of his role on "Grey's Anatomy", Jeffrey Dean Morgan returned as John Winchester in the season premiere and finale. However, the character dies in the premiere because the writers worried that having him separated from his sons again—Sam and Dean spend much of the first season tracking him down—would "split the show" by having him away "doing more interesting things than the boys are doing". As a demon, the villain Azazel periodically switches hosts, and was first fully portrayed by Morgan in the first-season finale. The reins passed to Fredric Lehne for the second-season premiere, and the show's producers enjoyed his performance so much they brought him back for the two-part finale.
Many factors went into the casting decisions of the season's guest stars. Linda Blair, famous for her role in the horror film "The Exorcist", appeared in the episode "The Usual Suspects". Though a fan of the show, Blair had turned down a guest appearance in the first season because she did not want to return to horror, having spent years getting a "clean slate". This changed after the television series "Extra" aired a three-part profile on her acting career and work with animals. It attempted to find a series that would write a role for her as "an actor's piece", rather than a cameo. Kripke, a fan of "The Exorcist", offered to write an episode specifically for her, and she was "really touched" when he listened to her request to leave out demons in the storyline. During automated dialogue replacement, Jensen Ackles added in a reference to "The Exorcist" with the statement, "I could really go for some pea soup."
The casting of "Battlestar Galactica" Tricia Helfer in "Roadkill" stemmed from the producers' preference to hire actors important to "Supernatural" fanbase. This was the first episode to have the Winchesters as supporting characters, and Kripke felt "Tricia had the charisma to perform the leading role". Kripke enjoyed Emmanuelle Vaugier's work in television series such as "Smallville", and believed she was an "easy choice" for the large role of the soon-to-be werewolf Madison in "Heart". Director Kim Manners felt Vaugier brought to the character a vulnerability like that of Lon Chaney, Jr. in "The Wolf Man", which made viewers sympathetic. Conspiracy-theorist Ronald of "Nightshifters" was envisioned by writer and consulting producer Ben Edlund as the unsympathetic "semi-drunk Randy Quaid from "Independence Day"". However, this changed with Chris Gauthier's casting, and Edlund felt that Ronald turned out to be a "really cool" character fans would enjoy. The producers considered Summer Glau for the role of the zombie Angela for "Children Shouldn't Play with Dead Things", but she could not accept due to scheduling conflicts.
Writing.
When production of the second season started, Kripke wanted to avoid the monster-of-the-week formula used in the first year. The writers attempted this by including more "human themes," mainly "the things Sam and Dean are truly afraid of: death, grief, betrayal, etc." This change brought the series' focus onto situations such as the brothers dealing with their father's death and giving them the task of hunting down Azazel, the demon who killed him. Morgan feels that the brothers' "inner turmoil" created by the death of his character made them more three-dimensional. While Dean has trouble dealing with his father's death, Kripke wishes they had focused more on Sam's reaction. Instead, the episodes dealt more with Sam's fear of becoming evil, which Kripke regretted since the writers never depicted the character committing malevolent acts. Another main storyline of the season followed Sam and Dean as they track down the various psychic children—young adults like Sam who were visited by Azazel as infants and given abilities. However, the psychic children storyline made the mythology of the second season "dense" and "confusing" for Kripke.
Kripke instead favored the "unique and structurally interesting" self-enclosed episodes, which sometimes arose from the writers' unused ideas. From the series' beginning, Kripke desired to feature an evil clown because he felt that "clowns in a context where they're not supposed to be are friggin' terrifying". To fit with the series, the clown became a shapeshifting Rakshasa of Hindu mythology. This decision made the clown "less satisfying", to Kripke's chagrin, because it limited the clown-related scenes. Another element of folklore favored by Kripke was the story of Robert Johnson, which he focused on in his first screenplay as a writer. He found the legend similar to "Supernatural", noting, "It's a piece of real life American history and folklore, it's an American horror story, it takes place on the dusty back roads of rural America, and it's got great music." However, the lore takes place in the early 20th century, and prevented the inclusion of Sam and Dean. To circumvent this, writer Sera Gamble suggested Johnson's story be made into a subplot detailed in flashbacks, with the Crossroads Demon returning in the present to make more deals. Although Gamble envisioned the demon's hellhound as being similar in appearance to a Rottweiler, Kripke felt it would "look stupid". The creature was instead made invisible, which Gamble believes gave it a more terrifying presence.
Before he entered the television industry, writer and consulting producer Ben Edlund had wanted to pen a metafictional script dealing with television production, but decided against it because he did not have production knowledge. He later returned to it for the episode "Hollywood Babylon". Edlund decided to have the production staff look like "goofballs", and made fun of "Supernatural"s production staff, the network, and the studio. For example, comments made by Gary Cole's "studio suit" character were based on notes from the network and studio for "Supernatural" during both seasons of production. Other metafictional references include a character commenting on the "terrible script" of "Boogeyman", a film written by Kripke; Sam becoming uncomfortable as the studio tour passes the set of "Gilmore Girls", a television series in which Padalecki had a recurring role; and Sam proclaiming Hollywood's weather to be "positively Canadian".
Other stories were developed from simple concepts. For example, the reformed-vampire episode "Bloodlust" was developed to suggest that all monsters should not be killed indiscriminately. The plot alluded to "racial issues", but not blatantly; rather, as Padalecki noted, they explored it in a "fun way". The episode "The Usual Suspects" emerged from the writers' desire to keep the audience guessing. Cathryn Humphris pitched a story with a ghost serving as a death omen—warning people of future tragedy, rather than trying to kill them, unlike previous ghosts on the series. However, Humphris had trouble developing the script's outline. Kripke noted a part of the episode in which brothers are arrested and have to explain to police what had happened; this scenario ultimately became the framework of the episode, which begins with Sam and Dean being taken into custody. The concept for "Tall Tales" originated as a "he said, he said" episode, in which the brothers would recount conflicting versions of the same storyline. The writers deliberated over the use of five or six monsters in trying to find one appropriate for the episode, but eventually settled on a trickster because it "can do everything want it to". Although the writers typically prefer to put their own spin on folklore, they decided in this case to remain faithful to the archetypal trickster mythos. Because the season alluded to the possibility of Sam becoming bad, the writers wanted to portray how an evil Sam would behave and what Dean's reaction would be. One of the writers' first creative ideas of the season was depicted in the teaser of "Born Under a Bad Sign", in which a blood-covered Sam wakes up not remembering the past week of his life. The plot, which "fell into place" during the writing process, included demonic possession to explain Sam's actions—an event that resulted in the return of the vengeful Meg Masters demon.
After the plotlines were developed, major deviations sometimes occurred in the writing process. Like in the final version of the script, twins with mind-control abilities were the focus of Edlund's original pitch for the episode "Simon Said". However, the more powerful twin—kept secluded due to deformities—forced his brother to perceive himself as retarded. At the end of the episode, his brother ate him in retaliation. The story was eventually changed, and instead focused on questions such as "What do you do with power?". Kripke felt that this fit greatly with the series' storyline, because Sam was uncomfortable with his developing abilities; the writers wanted to explore one of the psychic children who took his ability as a gift. "Folsom Prison Blues" stemmed from Kripke's desire to feature prison ghosts, and the initial plot had FBI Agent Henriksen finally capturing the brothers and sending them to prison. However, this caused a major complication: the writers would have to devise a way for Sam and Dean to escape in the end. Writer John Shiban suggested that the brothers be arrested on purpose in order to work a job, with the prison's head guard being revealed as a family friend.
The two-part finale "All Hell Breaks Loose" brought many storylines to a close. The psychic children were killed off because the writers felt the characters were not as interesting as demons and monsters. The Roadhouse was destroyed due to Kripke's disliking of the concept; he felt it gave a home to the road show. Fearing that he would disappoint fans by creating too much anticipation, Kripke also decided to answer many questions regarding Azazel's plans in "Part One". The second part ended the brothers' quest to kill Azazel, but also opened more storylines for the third season, such as Dean's demonic pact to resurrect Sam and the question of whether what returned was "one hundred percent pure Sam". Additionally, the "war of demons against humanity"—hinted at throughout the first two seasons—finally started at the finale's end.
Filming.
Principal photography took place in Vancouver, British Columbia. The crew used two cameras simultaneously for each scene, which allowed for two different angles to be filmed of the same sequence. The series usually has a dark atmosphere, though production purposefully created a contrasting appearance for certain episodes. "Hollywood Babylon" details the filming of a fake horror movie, and the use of two filming styles helped make a distinction; scenes of the fake film used more saturated colors, while scenes for the actual episode were "down to reality". To depict the perfect world of "What Is and What Should Never Be", the usual shadows and "moody lighting" more made colorful and warm.
Problems during production sometimes arose. For his scenes as the yellow-eyed demon Azazel throughout the season, Fredric Lehne wore hard, colored contact lenses that greatly obscured his vision. The production crew placed sandbags on the floor to help him locate his marks. Lindsey McKeon, who portrayed a Reaper briefly possessed by Azazel in "In My Time of Dying", also experienced the same problem. Her scene—she touches Ackles' forehead—took nine takes to film because she kept missing. Filming for "What Is and What Should Never Be" was interrupted in order to accommodate the busy Adrianne Palicki. Production shifted to the following episode after five days of filming, and resumed when Palicki became available for the final three days.
Because the series uses few standing sets, set designer Jerry Wanek often had to construct entirely new sets for each episode. Outside elements had an influence on some designs, with the bar in the hotel of "Playthings" being an homage to "The Shining". A Wisconsin native, Wanek was able to incorporate personal items into the motel set for the Wisconsin-based episode "Nightshifter"; because polka is part of the state's culture, he used posters from his father's old polka band, as well as photos of his nephews and Wisconsin landmarks. Due to "Tall Tales"'s atmosphere, that episode's motel was designed to be "over the top". Wanek noted, "They were in this really odd-looking motel that had crystal chandeliers and carved beds, turquoise stove and refrigerator, and this wonderful period linoleum on the floor. I thought it really matched the tempo and emotion of the show." At times, however, Wanek was able to reuse old sets. The loft set from "No Exit" was redesigned into an apartment for "Crossroad Blues", and the bar in "Born Under a Bad Sign" was a refurbished Roadhouse set.
Not all scenes could take place in the studio, and some were instead shot on location. The vault scenes in "Nightshifter" were filmed in an actual bank safe, as production would not have been able to construct one on set. Outside shots were filmed in downtown Vancouver, forcing streets to be closed off. The crypt of "Houses of the Holy" was built underneath St. Andrew's-Wesley United Church, with plastic used to imitate sculpted stone. Riverview Hospital—used as a filming location in previous episodes—was used for the premiere "In My Time of Dying". It also functioned as a jail in "Folsom Prison Blues" due to, as Wanek describes, "the texture on the walls, the lack of any humanity in the design, and the materials used to build it..." However, the prison block was built on a sound stage. The final scenes of "Simon Said" were filmed at Cleveland Dam, and "All Hell Breaks Loose, Part One" made use of a pre-existing set built for the Western television series "Bordertown". The climax of "Part Two" was originally to take place in an actual cemetery, but numerous issues forced production to film the scene in the studio.
Music.
The mostly synthesized orchestral score of the season was composed by Christopher Lennertz and Jay Gruska. The pair try to base the music on the visuals of each episode, with about a third of each episode's score being newly written for the supernatural legend. For example, when the werewolf's point of view is depicted in "Heart", Gruska tried to make the score predatorial. For "Roadkill"'s emotional ending, Lennertz used cello and piano to " at the heart strings" and "push the tears". The music was supposed to "become part of the sinister wallpaper" in "In My Time of Dying". Thus, in the scene involving John Winchester selling his soul to Azazel, Gruska wrote the music as "dark and dank", but feels the viewer would only notice the music if it was removed from the scene.
Other musical elements were based on aspects of the episode, and often used less conventional instruments. For "Simon Said"—featuring characters with the ability of mind-control—Gruska tried to make the score more "mind-trippy", opting to mainly use "synthy, spacey electronica pads" to give it a science-fiction sound. Toy-piano sounds were included in "Playthings" by Gruska to make the score more childlike. Because of the Robert Johnson theme of "Crossroad Blues", Lennertz made sure to be specific to Johnson's style when writing the music for the opening scene. A blues guitarist was brought in, and played on a "beat-up old acoustic guitar". However, they added in dissonant notes to foreshadow the "grittiness to come". Lennertz used organ, drums, bass, and guitar to have a "retro bluesy approach" for "Folsom Prison Blues", mimicking the style of film composer David Holmes. Likewise, he wanted the episode "Nightshifter" to have a "feature film feel", with the score ending up similar to "The Bourne Identity". With Linda Blair of "The Exorcist" guest starring in "The Usual Suspects", Gruska used tubular bells as an homage to the film's score.
In addition to the score, the series makes use of rock songs, with most being selected from Kripke's private collection. Among the many bands featured in the second season are AC/DC, Lynyrd Skynyrd, and Boston. Rock songs are also usually featured in "The Road So Far" montages at the beginning of select episodes that recap previous events. The premiere used Ted Nugent's "Strangehold", and a "coming soon" sequence midway through the season was set to Nazareth's "Hair of the Dog". The finale recapped the entire season to Kansas' "Carry On Wayward Son". The second season also began the tradition of naming many episodes after classic rock songs, with Kripke preferring Led Zeppelin songs.
Effects.
The series makes use of visual, special, and make-up effects, as well as stuntwork. Beginning with the second season, visual effects became an in-house department. Visual effects supervisor Ivan Hayden feels this improved the series because a fixed budget allowed them to compensate for other scenes that lacked effects, such as in "Nightshifter". Wide shots of the bank's exterior—featuring closed-off streets, police, and SWAT helicopters—were accomplished with visual effects. The series' catchphrase—"Scary just got sexy"—was added to a billboard in the background. For the episode "Houses of the Holy", production did not want viewers to be able to determine that the "angel" was in actuality a priest. Thus, the shape engulfed in light was a girl wearing a skintight white leotard. At times, the visual effects used were subtle. Cockroaches were digitally inserted into the sewer scenes of "No Exit"; director Kim Manners did not ask for it, but thought the addition "made it really creepy". The episode "Playthings" featured a scene of a man dying after falling down stairs. The department added blood flowing from underneath him, and also made his fingers twitch and his mouth open and close to create a more lifelike appearance.
The special effects and makeup departments are also important assets to production. Dean has an out-of-body experience in "In My Time of Dying", and some scenes feature him looking at his own body in a hospital bed. To forgo the use of visual effects, the special effects department sculpted a full gelatin face from Ackles, and applied it to a body double. To depict a woman burning to death in the episode "Simon Said", the actress was sealed inside a full body silicone designed to look like her, and was doused with fire accelerant. She was required to breathe through a straw, as well as don underwear soaked in ice-cold fire-retardant gel. Prior to "Heart", Kripke had not wanted to include werewolves in the series, as he felt that the budget would only allow for "a guy with fur glued to his face". As he prefers to have monsters be able to walk among humans, production made the transformation subtle—the character's eyes change, and her canine teeth and fingernails grow. However, writer Sera Gamble believes that they "dropped the ball" in the design, feeling that the creature looked too similar to a vampire.
Reception.
"Supernatural" had low ratings during its second season. Viewers consisted mainly of teenage girls, with the CW trying to attract more males. It ranked No. 216 relative to the position of other prime time network shows. With an average viewership of 3.14 million Americans, the show's future was in doubt at the season's end. Despite this, the series was renewed for a third season. According to Special Forces Soldier Master Sergeant Kevin Wise at a 2007 "Supernatural" convention, the DVDs most requested by armed forces personnel in Iraq and Afghanistan were the first two seasons of the series.
The second season of the series received mixed reviews from critics. Jim Kaz of IGN gave the season an 8/10. While at first hesitant of the series, believing it to be "another horror/sci-fi/occult hybrid currently igniting ratings", he found the "eerie and intricate storylines" to overcome the "initial impressions of Clearasil ads and Paris Hilton in "House of Wax"". Praising the cliffhangers and the brotherly chemistry between the lead actors, Kaz deemed "Supernatural" "one-helluva edge-of-your-seat, ball-burner of a series with a forceful script, excellent acting (said pretty boys included) and some fine special effects". Maureen Ryan of the "Chicago Tribune" thoroughly enjoyed the season, and "really, really liked" the Roadhouse. Not understanding why the Roadhouse was not used more throughout the season, she was "pretty annoyed" when it was destroyed. Ryan also favored the new hunter characters, especially Ash, and was "not thrilled" when Ash was killed. Regarding Sam and Dean, she noted the series' "ability the brotherly conflicts and emotions threaded through a well-plotted monster-of-the-week story". While she enjoyed Tricia Helfer's guest appearance, she did not enjoy the stuntcasting of Linda Blair and would have preferred a "more skilled actress". The season received a grade of a B- from Brian Tallerico of UGO, who found it "frustrating" due to the use of the "same predictable formula" that did not meet the standards of the first season. Other problems he found included "the brothers whiny and mopey and [taking everything too seriously". However, he believed that the season ended "strong"—he liked how the main storyline was wrapped up, opening new storylines—and noted that there were some "excellent" episodes. Tallerico praised the "tongue-in-cheek Winchester adventure" "The Usual Suspects", feeling that it had "enough pop culture references to make Tarantino jealous" and the "pitch-perfect mix of tones that make the show so great". He also found "Nightshifter" to be the "best action hour of "Supernatural"s second year", deeming it "riveting from beginning to end". Also applauding the season's cliffhanger was Peter Brown of iFMagazine, who gave the season a B+. He enjoyed the expansion of the series' mythology, as well as the new characters introduced. Brown praised the "haunting music and sounds that really give a chilling feel to each and every episode", feeling them to be Emmy-worthy.
The season's cast and crew received the attention of multiple award programs. Writer Raelle Tucker won the Constellation Award for "Best Overall 2007 Science Fiction Film or Television Script" for the episode "What Is and What Should Never Be", and work on "All Hell Breaks Loose, Part Two" garnered a Golden Reel nomination for "Best Sound Editing in Television: Short Form – Sound Effects and Foley". Conchita Campbell gained a Young Artist Award nomination for "Best Performance in a TV Series – Guest Starring Young Actress" for her performance in "Playthings", and Jessica Harmon was nominated in 2008 for a Leo Award in the category of "Best Guest Performance by a Female in a Dramatic Series" for the episode "All Hell Breaks Loose, Part One".
Home media release.
The second season of "Supernatural" was released as a six-disc Region 1 DVD box set in the US on September 11, 2007, two weeks before the premiere of the third season. Including all 22 episodes of the second season, the set also featured DVD extras such as episode commentaries, deleted scenes, bloopers, Jared Padalecki's original screen test, and a featurette on the making of the season finale. The season was ranked No. 13 in DVD sales for its week of release, selling 67,735 sets for $2,573,253. However, it slipped out of the top-30 list the following week. For Region 2, the season was divided into two parts, being released on May 14, 2007, and September 10, 2007; the complete set was released on October 29, 2007. The season was also released in Region 4 on October 2, 2007. The second season was released on Region A Blu-ray Disc on June 14, 2011, including a new special feature–"The Devil's Road Map", an interactive guide featuring interviews about every episode.

</doc>
<doc id="18268839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268839" title="Old Stone Church (Buffalo, North Dakota)">
Old Stone Church (Buffalo, North Dakota)

The former Old Stone Church, also known as Calvary Episcopal Chapel, is an historic stone 
Late Gothic Revival-style Episcopal church building located at 206 North Wilcox Avenue in Buffalo, North Dakota, Built in 1885, it was designed by British architect George Hancock and built by Angus Beaton. Calvary Episcopal Chapel held its first services on October 15, 1886. In 1934, after years of many closings and reopenings, Calvary closed for the final time. In 1936, the building was bought by Buffalo Lodge No. 77 of the Ancient, Free & Accepted Masons. In the 1970s Buffalo No. 77 closed and in 1982 was merged with Casselton Lodge No. 3. In 1985, the Masons donated it to the Buffalo Historical Society, which 10 years later restored it. It is now called the Old Stone Church Heritage Center. On October 22, 1995, the Buffalo Historical Society received national recognition for its efforts from the National Trust for Historic Preservation. On March 29, 1996, the Old Stone Church was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18268841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268841" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Zhoucun">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Zhoucun

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Zhoucun/Chowtsun (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Zhoucun in the Ecclesiastical province of Jinan in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18268852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268852" title="Glasvegas (album)">
Glasvegas (album)

Glasvegas is the debut studio album by the Scottish Indie rock band Glasvegas, first released in the UK on 8 September 2008 by Columbia Records (see release history). The album was produced by lead singer James Allan and Rich Costey (Muse, Franz Ferdinand). The album sold copies in its first week of release and reached number 2 on the UK Albums Chart. The album was nominated for Best International Album at the 2008 Swedish Rockbjörnen awards, Best Album at the 2009 NME Awards and the 2009 Mercury Prize. On 25 September 2009 the album was certified Platinum by the BPI for sales of 300,000 copies in the UK.
Reception.
The album was released to generally favourable reviews garnering an average score of 74/100 at aggregator website Metacritic. "Observer Music Monthly" says that "these hard-nosed softies are unique and this, make no mistake, is their "Definitely Maybe", the quintessential noise-pop set of the modern age." "Dot Music" gave the album a glowing review, calling it "a gut punch of a debut, and one that makes you believe Glasvegas are one of those rare, rare bands who might just have that perfect record in them." Likewise, the "NME" exclaimed, "So believe it: this is the real thing, no-one's crying wolf, not even Alan McGee." "Rolling Stone" found that on the album "Glasvegas create wall-of-distortion melodrama that draws on The Jesus and Mary Chain, Sixties girl groups and The Velvet Underground's rain-dance pulse. It makes for a compelling blend of grays--lit by singer James Allan's high, bright hurrahs." "Spin" proclaimed: "Glasgow quartet Glasvegas are a product of this world--frontman James Allan is even a former professional footballer--and their remarkable debut gives voice to its fears, frustrations, and heartaches without succumbing to its clichés." Music critic Robert Christgau gave the album an A grade in his February 2009 MSN Consumer Guide column, describing the band as "too good to be true."
In a mixed review, "The New York Times" remarked that "Glasvegas is determinedly provincial, insisting there is grandeur in everyday lives. But what sounds rousing in Britain can sound sodden and overwrought to American ears." "The Guardian" concluded that "there are definitely failings and shortcomings on display here, but they're substantially outweighed by moments when Glasvegas hit their target with a force that makes you believe they might well survive the more outrageous claims being made on their behalf."
Track listing.
All tracks written by James Allan except where noted. ("Flowers & Football Tops" contains elements from the song "You Are My Sunshine" by Mitchell/Davis, and "Stabbed" uses the music of Ludwig van Beethoven's "Moonlight" Sonata as a backdrop to spoken word)
Limited edition.
The album was also released in the UK as a limited edition CD/DVD set. The DVD features the band performing live at The ABC in Glasgow on 20 June 2008, as well as a solo acoustic performance of "Flowers & Football Tops," two music videos, and a hidden interview.
Song use in other media.
The song "Daddy's Gone" featured in the episode "Chuck Versus the Dream Job" from the television show "Chuck". The instrumental version of "Geraldine" has been used extensively worldwide (and predominately) for sports programmes. In 2008 the instrumental of "Geraldine" was also used in the UK trailer for "The Damned United" which was a fictionalised version of Brian Clough's tenure as manager of Leeds United and the full song featured in the documentary "One Night In Turin" which chronicled England's run in the 1990 FIFA World Cup. "It's My Own Cheating Heart That Makes Me Cry" is heard at the end of "Emily and Katie", an episode in the third series of "Skins".
Artwork.
The album's cover artwork was illustrated by Village Green based on ideas and concepts conceived by James Allan. The design is inspired by Vincent van Gogh's 1889 painting "The Starry Night". James Allan favoured the comparison between the painting and the band's sound, for their "tranquility, but fury as well."

</doc>
<doc id="18268876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268876" title="The Jewess and the Captain">
The Jewess and the Captain

The Jewess And The Captain is a 1994 documentary, directed by Ulf von Mechow about a Holocaust love affair between Ilse Stein, an eighteen-year-old Jewish girl, and Willi Schultz, the Nazi captain in charge of the Minsk ghetto.
After the Holocaust, Ilse Stein became a minor celebrity and the subject of two romance novels. The film conducts interviews with Ilse just before her death, reveals shocking archival photographs of her and Schultz, and raids the KGB's secret documents to piece together the facts of their romance and uncover a real-life love story with a bizarre twist.
Summary.
Ilse and her family were removed from their home in Germany in 1941 and deported to a Nazi ghetto in Minsk. The same month that the Steins arrived, Schultz was sent to the ghetto to supervise its work operations. Soon after his arrival, Schultz lost almost all of his workers to a Nazi massacre that killed over 5,000 of the ghetto’s Jews in one night. When he went to the ghetto the next day to select new workers, Ilse caught his eye—he chose her and made her the leader of the group.
Ilse’s and Schultz’s unlikely love developed amidst the constant gore and death within the ghetto. Schultz's personal photographs from the time, taken inside his office, show Ilse not as a terror-stricken young woman, but a smiling, lanky beauty, happily reclining with a book or diligently working at a typewriter. She is photographed with the grace and ease of a happy-go-lucky teenager-in-love.
A romance elevated Ilse out of the horror around her, and it was love that transformed Schultz, too. When another pogrom broke out in the ghetto, killing a large number of Jews on the night of July 20, 1942. Schultz was moved to save not just Ilse but as many of her fellow Jews as he could. That night, he locked all of his workers in the cellar of the administration building.
As Jewish deaths at the hands of the Nazis continued to escalate as time progressed, the previously-loyal German captain began to plot to save his lover and more than two dozen other Jews. Eventually, with the help of neighboring resistance fighters, Schultz deserted the German army and helped plan a grand escape that saved the lives of Ilse Stein and twenty-five other Jews.

</doc>
<doc id="18268878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268878" title="Juana Lumerman">
Juana Lumerman

Juana Lumerman (1905–1982, Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a visual artist who painted in both figurative and abstract styles.
Lumerman graduated with a degree in painting in 1935 from the National Academy of Fine Arts in Buenos Aires. Lumerman studied there with European trained teachers including Aquiles Badi known for his Constructivist and metaphysical tendencies and Emilio Centurion known for his command of volumes and form, as well as with Carlos Ripamonte a painter of an earlier generation known for his work in an Impressionist vein.
In 1936, Lumerman won first prize in the VI Feminine Salon of Fine Arts in Buenos Aires. In a 1993 essay, art historian Cesar Magrini evokes the period and describes Lumerman as "...a pioneer and an explorer of new paths. Those were years when one could count on the fingers of one hand those women who were permitted to paint, model or sculpt without its being considered a perversion." 
By the early 1940s, Juana Lumerman was showing her painting in Buenos Aires with a mixed group of her accomplished peers. In 1941, The Museum of Art in Los Angeles invited several Argentine artists to represent their country in a US exhibition; the group included Lino Enea Spilimbergo, Raquel Forner, Ramon Gomez Cornet, Antonio Berni, Emilio Pettoruti and Juana Lumerman.
In 1945, Juana Lumerman spent a year exhibiting, traveling and working in Brazil. Throughout Lumerman's career, dynamic images of carnival, soccer and tango were to serve as counterpoints to more statically structured, more metaphysical, cityscape and still life themes in her painting.
In 1948, Juana Lumerman traveled to Washington, DC for another invitational show and then toured the US. In 1950, the artist traveled to northern Argentina where much of Buenos Aires' intelligentsia had decamped in an attempt to avoid the constraints of Juan Perón's visual aesthetic. 
Despite her travels to Brazil and to Argentina's colorful northern provinces, Lumerman's palette tended to be cool and tonally somber. The artist typically painted easel-size works in oil on board or canvas using a loosely figurative style notable for its fluidity of line and skillful paint handling. 
In a 1952 article the British fine art magazine "The Studio" names Juana Lumerman, Raquel Forner and Mane Bernardo as the three key women in Argentina's visual arts scene.
Possibly by choice (?), Juana Lumerman exhibited rarely in subsequent years, with notable exceptions being a solo show at the respected Van Riel Gallery in 1967 and a prestigious 1968 Salon Estimulo show with Argentine masters and contemporary artists including Carlos Alonso, Castagnino, Riganelli, Policastro, Carlos Ripamonte Berni and Soldi. In a 1978 newspaper interview, art critic Hugo Monzon quotes Juana Lumerman as saying: "I have always worked. I wish (now) that people might know my things, to break away from modestly, because ones work makes one naked."
Juana Lumerman painted in her studio on Paraguay Street in downtown Buenos Aires until her death in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18268882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268882" title="Medea (EP)">
Medea (EP)

Medea (2007) is the debut EP by Michou. It was recorded in two days by founding members Michael Hargreaves, Ryan Ard, Ryan Frith, Lucas Semple and Sasha Appler in the home of friend Joel Bruyere and released on November 24, 2007.
The title of this album is an example of Michou's strong use of literary figures in order to complement the story telling of their music, just as their debut full length is named after the protagonist, Prince Lev Nikolaevich Myshkin, in the novel "The Idiot" by Fyodor Dostoevsky. The song "The Queen's Line" touches on elements of Kierkegaardian philosophy with the opening line "This is my infinite resignation".

</doc>
<doc id="18268890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268890" title="List of St. Louis Blues draft picks">
List of St. Louis Blues draft picks

This is an incomplete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the St. Louis Blues franchise. It includes every player who was drafted, regardless of whether they played for the team.
Draft picks.
"Statistics are complete as of the 2012–13 NHL season and show each player's career regular season totals in the NHL. Wins, losses, ties, overtime losses and goals against average apply to goaltenders and are used only for players at that position. This list includes players drafted by the team in St. Louis only. Current Blues players (as of the end of the 2012-13 season) in bold."

</doc>
<doc id="18268892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268892" title="Tharwa Foundation">
Tharwa Foundation

The Tharwa Foundation (Arabic مؤسسة ثروة) is a nonprofit, nonpartisan grassroots organization that encourages diversity, development and democracy in Syria and the broader Middle East/North Africa. The Foundation derives its name from the Arabic word, "tharwa". Founded in 2003, the Tharwa Foundation is an offshoot of the Tharwa Project, an initiative launched in Damascus Syria by Ammar Abdulhamid and Khawla Yusuf. Abdulhamid is a blogger, human rights activist and author. Yusuf is an author, politician, and human rights activist.
The Tharwa Foundation released its manifesto in early 2007. As of May 2008, it has been signed by 100 nonviolent human rights activists in the region.
Mission statement.
The Tharwa Foundation was established to provide a supportive environment for democratic principles and practices in the broader Middle East and North Africa region. Through programs that encourage inter-communal dialogue and leadership development, Tharwa uses a range of educational, networking and outreach strategies to enable people of different religious, economic and ethnic backgrounds to come together to discuss peaceful solutions to the region's longstanding socio-political and development challenges.
Since its inception, Tharwa has been guided by a vision for the region’s future, based upon:
Background.
History of the Tharwa Project.
The Tharwa Foundation was established to continue the work of the Tharwa Project, an independent initiative launched in Syria in 2001 by activist and dissident Ammar Abdulhamid to spotlight the living conditions of religious and ethnic minorities and foster constructive dialogue between majority and minority communities in the broader Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region, in the hope of enabling the creation of new bridges of inter-communal trust and understanding, facilitating the ongoing processes of democratization and modernization and helping to stem the rising tide of extremist ideologies.
With a small paid staff, and a larger network of regular contributing reporters, Tharwa developed communication tools to enable inter-communal dialogue in the MENA region. Utilizing an interactive website, online publications, and a number of regional and international advisors and partnering institutions, such as BitterLemons, the Institute for War and Peace Reporting (IWPR), Pax Christi Nederland, Hivos, Heinrich Boell Stiftung, and openDemocracy.net, Tharwa fostered new avenues for communications and grassroots activism in the region.
However, as the Project continued to produce reports on the sensitive issues of minority rights and political reform, it attracted increased scrutiny from the government in Syria, impairing its ability to operate freely there. Eventually, Abdulhamid, himself a vocal critic of the Syrian government, was asked to leave the country. He returned to the United States on 7 September 2005.
The establishment of the Tharwa Foundation.
Despite these setbacks for the Project, the Tharwa team continues to operate openly in Syria and the broader MENA region, and the number of its members, supporting partners and regular contributors is on the rise.
The Tharwa Foundation established its headquarters in the Washington, DC, area in December 2006. The Foundation currently sponsors a number of activities in the region such as the Tharwa Institute for Democratic Leadership, launched in 2007 to help train a new generation of young democracy activists. Tharwa's multimedia reports and publications are now hosted online at the Tharwa Foundation website. The US office now administers and coordinates Tharwa's programs and activities, and hopes to expand the scope of these activities over the coming years to enable the emergence of a new, diverse class of democratic leaders, empowered to represent the true aspirations of the people of the broader MENA region.
The Tharwa Manifesto.
Tharwa's manifesto reads as follows:
Programs.
The Tharwa Institute for Democratic Leadership.
The Tharwa Institute for Democratic Leadership is a training initiative for emerging reformers and human rights activists from the broader Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region. The program consisted of two five-day workshops in Istanbul, and a six-month online course in Arabic addressing the key concepts of authoritarian and democratic political systems, political transitions, and advocacy campaign planning.
The Citizen Journalism Initiative.
By sponsoring unaffiliated journalists, Tharwa hopes to provide an unfiltered source of news and analysis from citizens in Syria and the MENA region for regional analysts, researchers, and policymakers. The Foundation sponsors this program through hosting citizen journalists on the Syrian Elector website and the Tharwa Foundation website.
This Maryland-based non-profit acts as the mechanism to help thousands of Muslims highlight cross-culture commonalities and set aside divergent ideologies.

</doc>
<doc id="18268920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268920" title="Kanso">
Kanso

Kanso (also spelled Qanso) is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18268930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268930" title="AguaClara">
AguaClara

AguaClara is an engineering based project team within Cornell University's Civil and Environmental Engineering Department that designs sustainable water treatment plants using open source technology. The programs' aims are to "improve drinking water quality through innovative research, knowledge transfer, open source engineering and design of sustainable, replicable water treatment systems." AguaClara plants are unique among municipal-scale facilities in that they have no electrical or complex mechanical components and instead operate through hydraulic processes driven by gravity.
The AguaClara program provides undergraduate and graduate students the opportunity to enhance their education through hands-on experience working on projects with real applications. In 2012, the National Academy of Engineering showcased AguaClara as one of the 29 engineering program at US colleges that effectively incorporates real world experiences in their curriculum.
AguaClara is partnered with Agua para el Pueblo (Water for People), a NGO working in Honduras who manages the construction and technical support for AguaClara plants.
History.
AguaClara was formed in 2005 by Cornell University professor Monroe Weber-Shirk, who volunteered in Central American refugee camps during the 1980s. Weber-Shirk used the connections he developed through his volunteer work to partner with Jacabo Nuñez, the director of Agua para el Pueblo to find the answer to a crucial question: What can we do to treat the dirty water that we are providing to rural communities?
In 2005, he founded the AguaClara program to address the need for sustainable municipal scale water treatment in resource poor communities. The first AguaClara plant was built in 2006 in Ojojona to serve a population of 2000 people. Currently, there are 8 AguaClara designed plants throughout Honduras serving over 30,000 people.
Design tool.
AguaClara has developed an automated design tool that allows interested parties to input basic design parameters such as flow rate into a simple frontend and receive customized designs via email in five minutes or less. The user frontend communicates with the AguaClara server to populate MathCad scripts that calculate design parameters for input into AutoCAD scripts, which produce the final design. The design algorithms can be continuously improved and any changes will be immediately implemented the next time a design is requested.
The AguaClara design tool applies an economy of scale to water treatment design, in that there are almost no marginal costs to produce an additional design. This is significant considering that the World Health Organization estimates the global unmet demand for improved water at approximately 844 million people, including 100 million using surface water sources that would be viable for treatment with AguaClara technology. From the AguaClara website:
Plants.
AguaClara designs gravity-powered water treatment plants that require no electricity and are constructed by its implementation partners. The plants use hydraulic flocculators and high-flow vertical-flow sedimentation tanks to remove turbidity from surface waters.
La 34, or "La treinta y quatro," once a numbered plantation run by United Fruit, is the first site of an AguaClara plant. Construction on the La 34 plant began in December 2004 and was inaugurated in August 2005. The plant serves a population of 2000 with a design flow of 285 LPM.
Marcala The Marcala plant began in the Fall of 2007 and was completed in June 2008. The plant was upgraded in May 2011 to a flow rate of 3200 LPM.
Cuatro Comunidades In the Fall of 2008, the AguaClara team designed a water treatment plant with shallower tanks that doesn't need an elevated platform for the plant operator. The full scale pilot facility for this new design was built for the four communities of Los Bayos, Rio Frio, Aldea Bonito and Las Jaguas. Construction was completed in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18268949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268949" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Pingliang">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Pingliang

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pingliang (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Pingliang in the Ecclesiastical province of Lanzhou in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18268979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268979" title="Uromi">
Uromi

Uromi is an acreage city located in north-eastern Esan, a sub-ethnic group of the Binis in Edo state, Nigeria. At various points in Uromi's history, the city and people have been an important part of the Benin Empire.
History.
Uromi, originally known as 'Uronmun', is the largest and most populated area in Esanland, settled by two waves of people. The first wave consisted of migrants from Benin and other outlying areas between 900 and 1400 AD. These early settlers formed a loose-knit community engaged mostly around farming and hunting and did not develop any stylized form of government; associations were instead based on kinship and occupation. Many of these early Bini settlers were fugitives fleeing persecution from the harsh rule of the Ogiso of Benin, and were wary of monarchical government.
The second wave of organized mass emigration from Binin was around 1460, during the reign of Oba Ewuare the Selfish. He attempted to stop the emigration of Binis to the present-day Esanland by building a moat around the City. Most of these immigrants during this wave were from Idumoza of Bini City. 
At about the same time as this second wave of migration, Oba Ewuare sent his son to found a kingdom of his own. This son was the product of a liaison with a Portuguese woman. Although the boy was Oba Ewuare's first-born son he was kept away from public view because he was half-caste; Ewuare could not marry the Portuguese mother and the half-caste boy could not be introduced as heir to the throne. When the boy came of age he was sent, with a retinue of attendants and an armed guard, to found a kingdom of his own. Upon reaching the settlement of Uronmun he was welcomed as a god-send. The people there had never seen a half-caste before and his retinue of attendants gave indication of his regal ancestry. He was accepted as the first Onojie (king) of what had now become a sizeable settlement. Attendants were sent back to Oba Ewuare to inform him that his son had founded a kingdom at Uronmun and Ewuare sent them back with the message that the new king should bear the title Ijesan (the king of Esan). The name has over time been more usually written as Ichesan.
Uromi is a connurbation of villages divided into three groups recognized as: Okhiode, Obiruan and Obiyuan.
The villages of Okhiode.
Consists of: 
The villages of Obiruan.
Consists of: 
The villages of Obiyuan.
Consist of:
One of the leaders of the second wave of migration to Uronmun was "Oghu", also a son of Oba Ewuare. He and his followers settled in Ivue, where Ichesan was also residing and had built his palace. A political struggle for the throne ensued between the two brothers Oghu and Ichesan. Ichesan traveled secretly to Benin to inform his father of Oghu's recalcitrance. Oba Ewuare explained to Ichesan that, although he was the older son, by tradition he held no seniority over his junior brothers. Oba Ewuare said that he would send word to Oghu telling him that he (Ewuare) had already conferred the title of Ijesan and that Oghu must respect his father's decree, but Ewuare also asked Ijesan to respect his brother and relocate.
Upon return to Uronmun, to avoid embarrassing his "older" brother, and in keeping with his father's dictate, Ichesan moved from Ivue to present day Eguare, where the royal family of Uromi reside to this day.
Ichesan was succeeded by Agba then to Ikenoa to Ehenoa to Ikhivabhojere to Okuoye to Akhize to Ikhimigbale to Uwagbo to Ediale to Akhilomen to Okolo to Okojie (Ogbidi) to Uwagbale to Edenojie Okojie II to Omelimen Edenojie I to Anslem Edenojie II..
Economy.
A large percentage of the economy of Uromi is derived from local farming and trading, with some contribution from the government's budget. Uromi's productive farm output is mainly the result of its situation in a rain forest zone, its loamy soil type and its topography. 
Uromi also has a good number of markets that provide opportunities for local farmers to trade their farm products. The Uromi Main Market has good, portable lock-up stores. Although officially market day is held at four-day intervals, the Uromi Main Market operates daily from morning to late evening. Across Uromi, there may be up to three markets in each village, with some village markets functioning at four-day intervals, while others trade every day. 
Apart from farming and trading, other business transactions take place on a daily basis. In Eguare, there are lots of business offices both in the government owned business sector and in the privately owned business sectors. Some examples of financial businesses include the Union Bank, United Bank for Africa (UBA), First Bank of Nigeria, Unity Bank, Uromi community Bank, and other monetary firms like the Uromi Microfinance Bank, etc.
Geography.
The city of Uromi lies in north-eastern Esan in Edo State, Nigeria, located on longitude 3° 24' E and latitude 6° 27' N. Almost the whole of the city is covered with land.
Climate.
The climate in Uromi is similar to that of the rest of southern Nigeria. There are two rainy seasons, with the heaviest rains falling from April to July and a weaker rainy season in October and November. There is a brief relatively dry spell in August and September and a longer dry season from December to March. Monthly rainfall between May and July averages over 300 mm (12 in), while in August and September it is down to 75 mm (3 inches) and in January as low as 35 mm (1.5 inches). The main dry season is accompanied by harmattan winds from the Sahara Desert, which between December and early February can be quite strong. The average temperature in January is 27 °C (79 °F) and for July it is 25 °C (77 °F). On average the hottest month is March; with a mean temperature of 29 °C (84 °F); while July is the coolest month.
Politics and Government.
In terms of administration, Uromi is not a municipality and has therefore no overall city administration or governance but instead, it is run by the Local government council headed by a Chairman.
Uromi is not a local government but is the seat of the local government council governing the Esan-North-East local government area. The administration of the government of Uromi is divided into wards. Each ward delegates a Councillor who represents it at its local council election who is normally tenured for four years.
Kingdom and Traditional Leadership.
The Uromi kingdom is a monarchical territory headed by a king (Enojie) who handles the leadership of the kingdom. The leadership in the Uromi kingdom is a hereditary monarchy system. The king is the monarch who rules with the body of chiefs who assist the king in the leadership of the kingdom.
The kingdom was installed in 1463 by the Bini Monarch Oba Ewuare conferring kingship on Ichesan (first Onojie of Uromi). Since 1463, the kingship has passed through inheritance.
List of Kings of Uromi kingdom.
The different villages of Uromi are led by the Elders of the individual villages who are responsible to the king. The council of Elders are headed by an indigenous elderly man who by birth is eldest among all the male indigenes. The council of elders have their own legislative authority and so are able to mete out punishment to offenders within their designation.

</doc>
<doc id="18268999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18268999" title="All on Account of the Milk">
All on Account of the Milk

All on Account of the Milk is a 1910 American short silent drama film directed by Frank Powell, starring Mary Pickford and Blanche Sweet. The film was shot in Fort Lee, New Jersey, the Biograph Company using one of the many early film studios in America's first motion picture industry that were based there at the beginning of the 20th century. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="18269007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269007" title="Solution architecture">
Solution architecture

Solution architecture (within or without enterprise architecture) is a combination of role, process and documentation that is intended to address specific problems and requirements, usually through the design of specific information systems or applications. 
The term solution architecture can be used to mean either or both:
The documentation is typically divided into broad views, each known as an architecture domain.
Where the solution architect starts and stops work depends on the funding model for the process of solution identification and delivery. E.g. An enterprise may employ a solution architect on a feasibility study, or to prepare a solution vision or solution outline for an Invitation to Tender. A systems integrator may employ a solution architect at “bid time”, before any implementation project is costed and resourced. Both may employ a solution architect to govern an implementation project, or play a leading role within it.
Typical outcomes of solution architecture.
Solution architects typically produce solution outlines and migration paths that show the evolution of a system from baseline state to target state.
A solution architect is often but not always responsible for design to ensure that the target applications, in a technical architecture, will meet non-functional requirements. 
Solution architecture often but not always leads to software architecture work and technical architecture work, and often contains elements of those. 
A solution architecture may be described in a document at the level of a solution vision or a more detailed solution outline. It typically specifies a system (itself usually a subsystem in a wider enterprise system) that is intended to solve a specific problem and/or meet a given set of requirements. It may be an IT system to support a single business role or process. For example, an end-to-end eCommerce system that allows customers to place orders for goods and services; or an end-to-end Supply Replenishment system that enables an enterprise to order new stock from its suppliers.
A solution outline typically defines the business context, business data to be created or used, the application components needed, the technology platform components needed, along with whatever is needed to meet non-functional requirements (speed, throughput, availability, reliability recoverability, integrity, security, scaleability, service ability, etc.).
The term solution architecture is widely used outside of an enterprise architecture context. It is also used in some enterprise architecture (EA) frameworks, with particular meanings. In TOGAF it can mean the physical implementation of a logical architecture, or a detailed software architecture. In US government guidelines, it is pitched at the bottom level of a stack below "enterprise" and "segment" architectures, as shown in the diagram below.
Relationship of solution architecture to enterprise architecture in FEA.
In other contexts, a wide range of stakeholders, even business owners, may be concerned to review a solution vision or solution outline and monitor progress towards implementation.
Generally speaking, an enterprise architect’s deliverables are more abstract than a solution architect’s deliverables. But that is not always the case. The main distinction between enterprise architect and solution architect lies in their different motivations.
The solutions architect is primarily employed to help and support programme and project managers in the design, planning and direction of specific implementation projects. The enterprise architect has more strategic and cross-organisational concerns, and strives to optimize solution delivery across the organization.
The work of a solutions architect may or may not be governed by an enterprise architecture function. The influence of the enterprise architect team on solution architects depends on an organisation’s policies and management structure. So, the extent to which a solution architect’s work realises an enterprise architect’s road maps will vary widely in different contexts.

</doc>
<doc id="18269009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269009" title="New Territories Heung Yee Kuk Yuen Long District Secondary School">
New Territories Heung Yee Kuk Yuen Long District Secondary School

The New Territories Heung Yee Kuk Yuen Long District Secondary School (abbreviated as NTHYKYLDSS) () is a Hong Kong secondary school located in Yuen Long, New Territories. Its motto is in Chinese "務本力學", meaning "conscientiousness and diligence". The official medium of instruction is English.
History.
The foundation-laying ceremony of the school was held in 1966. The school opened in 1967, using the campus of the Yuen Long Public Secondary School until 1968, when the construction was completed. The opening ceremony was then held in 1969, with Sir David Trench as the officiator. The school council was established on the same year, with Ho Chuen Yiu as the chairman. In 1970, Tang Yuek Fan took over as the chairman of the school.
In 1983, Lau Wong Fat took over as the chairman of the school council. The parent-teacher association was also founded in 1985. The alumni association was founded in 1990.
The education department planned to expand the school campus. The construction started in 1996 and was finished in 1998. In 1999, the use of information technology was adapted.

</doc>
<doc id="18269016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269016" title="Herzliya Railway Station">
Herzliya Railway Station

Herzliya Railway Station (, "Taḥanat HaRakevet Herzliya") is an Israel Railways passenger station located in the city of Herzliya. The station has 3 platforms with a design which can accommodate a fourth platform in the future. When the Ayalon Highway will be extended past the station northwards (as part of the Route 531 project), the platforms will lie contained in the median of the highway, like the train stations in Tel Aviv.
It was built in the 2000s to replace the older station which was opened on October 23, 1989 that was located a few hundred meters to the south of the present location. The old station was itself a reconstruction of the original station, built in 1953 together with the Coastal Railway. Most of the trains which stop at the station are suburban trains on the Binyamina/Netanya - Tel Aviv - Rehovot/Ashkelon line. In the future, it will also be a part of a new circular route (Sharon Railway) that will serve the city of Ra'annana to the northeast. Currently this railway loop is partially built and serves the Beni Brak, Petah Tiqva, Rosh Ha-Ayin, Kfar sava and Hod Hasharon stations. The missing section of the loop (from east of Ra'annana to the Coastal railway) will be built as part of the Route 531 construction project.
Currently, the station is accessible from east of the tracks; as part of the route 531 project, access from the west will be built as well, including a new 290-space parking lot to be constructed west of the station, supplementing the existing eastern lot.

</doc>
<doc id="18269019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269019" title="Elvis sightings">
Elvis sightings

A considerable number of people believe that Elvis Presley did not die in 1977, but went into hiding for various reasons and remains alive to this day. This notion was popularized by the books of Gail Brewer-Giorgio and other authors. Several people even claim to have seen Elvis after he was supposed to have died. One rash of alleged sightings took place in Kalamazoo, Michigan, in the late 1980s. Such reports encountered much public ridicule and became fodder for humorous publications like the "Weekly World News". 
Bill Bixby hosted two television specials investigating the subject: "The Elvis Files" (1991), and "The Elvis Conspiracy" (1992).

</doc>
<doc id="18269032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269032" title="Cortex Pharmaceuticals">
Cortex Pharmaceuticals

Cortex Pharmaceuticals () is a pharmaceutical company based in Irvine, California specializing in positive allosteric modulators of the AMPA receptor known as Ampakines.
History.
February 2005 – Cortex received U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval to begin Phase II clinical trials for CX717 for use as a treatment for Alzheimer’s, ADHD and Sleep disorders.
2006 – The FDA halted clinical trials for CX717 because they feared the drug was toxic. They later allowed testing to continue but at doses too low to have any effect.
July 2007 – The FDA gave Cortex permission to continue with clinical trials for CX717, as a treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
September 2007 – Cortex filed with the FDA to test CX717 as a treatment for ADHD.
October 2007 – Dr. Pierre Tran became Chief Medical Officer at Cortex after the FDA refused to let the company proceed with Phase II clinical trials for CX717 as a treatment for ADHD.
March 2008 – German regulators approved clinical studies for using CX717 to prevent breathing problems caused by opiate pain-killers.
May 2008 – President and CEO Dr. Roger Stoll announced that he was resigning and would be replaced by Mark Varney.

</doc>
<doc id="18269041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269041" title="Statistics of Persepolis F.C. managers in IPL">
Statistics of Persepolis F.C. managers in IPL

From the foundation of IPL, Persepolis F.C. had 14 managers.
Season By Season.
"As of 21 February 2014."
Statics of Persepolis F.C. managers in IPL season by season.
Only IPL matches are counted.
Individual Statics.
"As of 21 February 2014"
Managers that have managed Persepolis more than a season are counted.

</doc>
<doc id="18269070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269070" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Qinzhou">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Qinzhou

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Qinzhou/Tsínchow/Tianshui (, ) is a diocese located in the city of Qinzhou in the Ecclesiastical province of Lanzhou in China.

</doc>
<doc id="18269092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269092" title="HMS Spartan (1891)">
HMS Spartan (1891)

HMS "Spartan" was an "Apollo" class cruiser of the Royal Navy constructed in 1891. The design was a variant of the "Marathon" class cruiser. The ships had quick firing guns which were effective as a broadside, but less so when attempting to fire fore or aft.
From 1907 she was placed on harbour duty. In 1921 she became part of the Royal Navy torpedo school at Devonport, HMS "Defiance", which was based in floating obsolete ships, and named for the first ship which had housed the school. "Spartan" became "Defiance II" in August 1921. She was sold for scrapping on 26 June 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="18269097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269097" title="Crazy Legs">
Crazy Legs

Crazy Legs or Crazylegs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18269106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269106" title="Market Square, Wrocław">
Market Square, Wrocław

The Market Square, Wrocław (, ) is a medieval market square in Wrocław, now the heart of a pedestrian zone. The square is rectangular with the dimensions 213 x 178m. It is one of the largest markets in Europe, with the largest two town halls in Poland.
The buildings around the square are built according to different styles: the middle part (German: "Tritt") of the ring is occupied by a block of buildings consisting of the Old Town Hall, the New City Hall as well as numerous citizens' houses. The market square is an urban ensemble with the two diagonally contiguous areas - the Salt Market and the square in front of St. Elisabeth's Church. Eleven streets lead to the market: two to each corner, two narrow lanes and an opened out side square, Kurzy Targ ("Chicken Market").
The market was founded according to Magdeburg law as early as the rule of Henry I the Bearded between 1214 and 1232. Over time, the patricians' houses appeared and by the middle of the 14th century they had formed a closed construction with the limits of the plots defined.
In the 19th century the square was connected to the tram lines, at first a horse-drawn system, but after 1892 electric. Through to the end of the 1970s, cars were able to drive through along an east-west axis. Between 1996 and 2000 the square was resurfaced, while the east side, the last to be accessible to cars, was pedestrianised.
There are now 60 numbered plots on the market square, with some buildings occupying several. The limits of the plots often follow lines different from those first laid out since estates were often merged and divided in the late Middle Ages. Each property has a traditional name, usually associated with the coat of arms visible on the facade or related to the history of the house itself, for instance "Under the Griffins", "Under the Blue Sun" and "Old Town Hall".
Buildings on the square.
The inner block stands with an alignment which varies by 7° from that of the outline of the square and surrounding street plan. The reason for this variation has not been established conclusively.
A prominent element of the block is the late-Gothic Old Town Hall, located on its southern side. The structure is one of the city's most recognisable landmarks, particularly for its distinctive eastern facade.
At the turn of the 19th and 20th century, two-thirds of buildings were demolished and replaced by offices and retail establishments designed in Historicism and Modern styles. Destroyed during the World War II, the square was reconstructed according to the way it looked in the late 18th century, using Baroque and Classicism styles.
East side.
The east side was historically known as the "Green Pipe Side" (), referring to the verdigris on the copper gutters and downpipes. Its name in Polish is "Strona Zielonej Trzciny" ("Green Reed Side"). Opposite the main facade of the Town Hall, the east side comprises the houses no. 29 through 41. Notable buildings include the old Barasch Brothers' Department Store, now "Feniks" Department Store (street no. 29-41).

</doc>
<doc id="18269112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269112" title="A Romance of the Western Hills">
A Romance of the Western Hills

A Romance of the Western Hills is a 1910 short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith, starring Mary Pickford and Blanche Sweet. A print of the film survives in the film archive of the Library of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="18269148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269148" title="1974-75 Southern Hemisphere tropical cyclone season">
1974-75 Southern Hemisphere tropical cyclone season

The 1974–1975 Southern Hemisphere tropical cyclone season ran year-round from July 1 to June 30. Tropical cyclone activity in the Southern Hemisphere reaches its peak from mid-February to early March.
Storms.
Cyclone Selma.
Cyclone Selma was predicted to impact Darwin, but it dissipated before it impacted land.
Severe Cyclone Tracy.
Cyclone Tracy devastated the city of Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia, from Christmas Eve to Christmas Day, 1974. It is the most compact cyclone or equivalent-strength hurricane on record in the Australian basin, with gale-force winds extending only from the centre and was the most compact system worldwide until Tropical Storm Marco of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season broke the record, with gale-force winds extending only from the centre. After forming over the Arafura Sea, the storm moved southwards and affected the city with Category 4 winds on the Australian cyclone intensity scale, while there is evidence to suggest that it had reached Category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale when it made landfall.
Tracy killed 71 people, caused 837 million in damage (1974 dollars) and destroyed more than 70 percent of Darwin's buildings, including 80 percent of houses. Tracy left more than 41,000 out of the 47,000 inhabitants of the city homeless prior to landfall and required the evacuation of over 30,000 people. Most of Darwin's population was evacuated to Adelaide, Whyalla, Alice Springs and Sydney, and many never returned to the city. After the storm passed, the city was rebuilt using more modern materials and updated building techniques. Bruce Stannard of "The Age" stated that Cyclone Tracy was a "disaster of the first magnitude ... without parallel in Australia's history."
Cyclone Camille.
This system formed southeast of the Seychelles on January 7 before becoming disorganized while interacting with northern Madagascar. The system redeveloped as a hurricane-force cyclone in the northern Mozambique Channel on January 16 before moving southeast into Madagascar on January 19.
Cyclone Gervaise.
Gervaise intense tropical cyclone formed on 1 February 1975 in the south of Diego Garcia. On the following day, the cyclone started to intensify gradually producing waves of 15 m high. The cyclone was moving in a west-south-west direction towards Madagascar when suddenly on 5 February 1975, the cyclone curved to a south-south-west direction, showing a potential danger to the Island of Mauritius. On 6 February 1975, the intense tropical cyclone Gervaise passed across Mauritius where its eye was centered on the island. Calm weather prevailed on the island from 20hr till 21hr30 and later the weather started to deteriorate as from 22hr40 with the gust wind of nearly 280 km/h until 2 o'clock in the morning.It caused a lot of damage.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Trixie.
Wind gusts of at Mardie and at Onslow were measured during cyclone Trixie on 19 February 1975. The Onslow anemometer was destroyed after measuring its maximum gust during this storm. The gust at Mardie is the second highest recorded on the Australian mainland.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Vida.
On 20 March 1975 winds were recorded to 128 km/h at Fremantle, Western Australia and 109 km/h in neighbouring Perth. There was some damage including St George's Cathedral and Perry Lakes Stadium. At Rockingham a 7m-yacht sank, a 6m cabin cruiser was destroyed and many other craft were damaged.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Beverley.
Tropical cyclone Beverley affected Exmouth, Western Australia and the west coast in March 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18269181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269181" title="Lisa Llorens">
Lisa Llorens

Lisa Christina Llorens, OAM(born 17 January 1978)is an Australian Paralympic athlete. She was born in Canberra She specialises in Paralympic high jumping, long jumping and sprinting, in competitions for athletes with autism. Llorens known as "The Cheetah" because she had a great affinity with cheetahs. She commented "I feel like I have a connection with the cheetahs, because I'm quite shy, like a cat, and I run so fast." An educational documentary was made about her called "Lisa Llorens : a cheetah on the track". From 1998 to 2002, she held an Australian Institute of Sport Athletes with a Disability athletics scholarship. 
Llorens competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, winning a gold and a bronze in track and field events. She received a Medal of the Order of Australia for her 1996 gold medal. She also represented Australia at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, and won three gold medals in the 200 metre sprint, the high jump, and the long jump, and a silver medal in the 100 metre sprint. She broke the world record three times during her four long jumps.
Llorens also competed at the IPC Athletics World Championships in 1994, winning silver in both the long jump and the 200m and in 1998, winning gold in the 100m, high jump and long jump . She took part in the Paralympic World Cup in 1998, where she won gold in the 100 metre sprint, the high jump and the long jump.In 2004 due to the International Paralympic Committee decision to remove events for intellectually disabled athletes from the Athens Games, Llorens decided to retire as she felt that there was nothing left for her to achieve in sport. 
The Australian Paralympic Committee describes her as "Australia’s most outstanding female athlete with an intellectual disability", along with Crystal-Lea Adams.
In 1997, she was awarded the Australian Capital Territory Female Sportstar of the Year. and Young Canberra Citizen of the Year. 

</doc>
<doc id="18269190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269190" title="Lie Lie Live">
Lie Lie Live

Lie Lie Live is a digital download EP by System of a Down frontman, Serj Tankian exclusively on Rhapsody featuring live tracks, and remixes. There is no known promo release of this EP, however Warner Chappell released a promo sampler containing all the remixes in unmastered form.
Personnel.
Live tracks.
Serj Tankian and The F.C.C.:

</doc>
<doc id="18269210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269210" title="Cost per Activity">
Cost per Activity

When a mobile consumer requests content in the form of, for example, e-vouchers, audio files or video clips, the advertiser is charged a nominal sum by the platform that supports the marketing campaign. Each request is defined as an "activity". The platform's pricing charges a cost-per-activity. The amount payable by the advertiser is a function of the number of requests for content from the consumer, multiplied by the agreed cost/activity. This pricing model was created by Mobilitrix, a mobile solutions company based in Cape Town, South Africa. The advertiser only pays when a potential consumer accesses information or content as prompted by static media (POS poster, billboard, TV, radio or print advertisement). Alternatives include the pay per click, a.k.a. cost per click model.
History.
In February 2008, after three years of research and development, Mobilitrix launched its offering of suite of interactive mobile marketing tools.
Mobilitrix Founder and CIO, Andrew Cardoza, an expert in satellite and cellular communication technology, with a NASA background, coined the term CPA during the run-up to the launch. The Mobilitrix site empowers marketers (from small to large firms) by giving them tools to cheaply create advertising and consumer interaction by providing downloadable content via SMS request, thereby extending the reach of traditional print and above-the-line media ad-spend.
Where classic print media revenue traditionally gets sold by size and the number of issues sold, Mobilitrix creates new revenue flows. E.g., a potential property buyer desiring further information on a house advertised in newsprint can request information by sending a keyword from a mobilitag icon on the featured ad via SMS, the individual receives additional information and images back their mobile phone.

</doc>
<doc id="18269256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269256" title="Tachikara">
Tachikara

Tachikara is a Japanese company, founded in 1915, that makes balls and other sports equipment. They are best known for their volleyballs. They make the official ball of NAIA women's volleyball, and of Volleyball Canada, China, Europe, Oceania, and Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18269309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269309" title="Modestus (Apostle of Carantania)">
Modestus (Apostle of Carantania)

Modestus ( 720 – before 772), called the Apostle of Carinthia or Apostle of Carantania, was most probably an Irish monk and the evangeliser of the Carantanians, an Alpine Slavic people settling in the south of present-day Austria and north-eastern Slovenia, which were among the ancestors of present-day Slovenes.
Life.
Modestus may had come to the Bavarian lands under Duke Odilo in the wake of Saint Vergilius, who about 749 was consecrated as Bishop of Salzburg. Upon the request of Prince Cheitmar or Hotimir of Carantania to Christianize his people, Bishop Vergilius dispatched Modestus around the year 755, together with four priests and a deacon "and other inferior clerks" as a missionary with the rank of a "chorepískopos" (), i.e. a chorbishop responsible for the people in the countryside without a diocese. Cheitmar's predecessor Borut had accepted Bavarian overlordship about 740 and Modestus' missionary work in Carantania was meant to stabilise the country against the invading Avars. It was described in the ""Conversio Bagoariorum et Carantanorum"" written around 870 as a memorandum of the Salzburg archbishop Adalwin in a court hearing before the East Frankish king Louis the German against Bishop Methodius, the apostle of the Slavs in the Frankish Principality of Lower Pannonia and in Great Moravia. In the document, the Archdiocese of Salzburg emphasised the achievements of Modestus as an argument of their merits in converting the Slavs.
According to the chronicles, he built three Christian churches: "ad Undrimas" (probably at Ingering in the area of present-day Gaal and Spielberg in Upper Styria), at "Liburnia civitate", corresponding to the former Roman episcopal see of Teurnia (today's Sankt Peter im Holz near Spittal an der Drau in Carinthia), and "ecclesiam Sanctae Mariae", a church of the Virgin Mary in an unnamed place, most probably located near the centre of the Slav principality at Karnburg (), which would make it Maria Saal ("Gospa sveta") on the Carinthian Zollfeld plain. His church was thus in the immediate vicinity of the area that has served as a political and cultural centre of the region through the ages, close to:
Modestus spent the remainder of his obviously very active life in the area. The most likely year of his death was 763, although other dates also appear in sources. No traces of his church of St.Mary have been discovered. His alleged tomb is shown in the present Gothic church of Maria Saal, which was built six centuries later, replacing an earlier Romanesque church probably from the 12th century. Due to his success in converting the pagan Carantanian Slavs to Christianity, Modestus was honoured by the popular denomination "Apostle of Carinthia".

</doc>
<doc id="18269311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269311" title="1921 Grand Prix season">
1921 Grand Prix season

The 1921 Grand Prix season saw Grand Prix motor racing finally fully recovered after World War I. The French Grand Prix was held in Sarthe, Le Mans. It was the first GP in which a US make, Duesenberg, entered, and the first in which hydraulically operated four wheel brakes were used (by Duesenberg). Ballot entered with mechanical four wheel brakes. The first Italian Grand Prix was held in Brescia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18269317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269317" title="It Might Be You">
It Might Be You

"It Might Be You" is a popular song with music written by Dave Grusin, and lyrics written by Alan and Marilyn Bergman. It was performed by singer/songwriter Stephen Bishop in the 1982 film, "Tootsie", starring Dustin Hoffman and Jessica Lange. The song was nominated for an Academy Award (Best Original Song) in 1983.
Bishop's recording peaked at No. 25 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart on May 30, 1983, and spent eight weeks in the Top 40. It also spent two weeks at No. 1 on the adult contemporary chart in April the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="18269344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269344" title="Mazoyères-Chambertin">
Mazoyères-Chambertin

Mazoyères-Chambertin is an "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) and Grand Cru vineyard for red wine in the Côte de Nuits subregion of Burgundy, with Pinot noir as the main grape variety. Mazoyères-Chambertin is located within the commune of Gevrey-Chambertin. It is situated below (to the east of) the Route des Grands Crus. It borders on Latricières-Chambertin and the Gevrey-Chambertin Premier Cru aux Combottes in the west, Charmes-Chambertin in the north, Gevrey-Chambertin village level vineyards in the east, and Morey-Saint-Denis Premier Cru vineyards in the south. The AOC was created in 1937.
A peculiarity of Mazoyères-Chambertin is that the appellations Charmes-Chambertin (of the neighbouring Grand Cru vineyard) may be used interchangeably with that of Mazoyères-Chambertin. As Charmes-Chambertin is the more popular to use, relatively little wine is bottled as Mazoyères-Chambertin, only around 10 per cent of the production.
Another grand cru vineyard in Gevrey Chambertin with a similar name, but no other connection is Mazis-Chambertin which is also known as Mazy-Chambertin.
Production.
In 2008, of vineyard surface was in production for Mazoyères-Chambertin AOC, and 65 hectoliter of wine was produced under the Mazoyères-Chambertin designation, corresponding to slightly less than 9,000 bottles. At the same time, of vineyard surface was in production for Charmes-Chambertin, around half of which actually originates in the Mazoyères-Chambertin vineyard.
AOC regulations.
The main grape variety for Mazoyères-Chambertin is Pinot noir. The AOC regulations also allow up to 15 per cent total of Chardonnay, Pinot blanc and Pinot gris as accessory grapes, but this is practically never used for any Burgundy Grand Cru vineyard. The allowed base yield is 37 hectoliter per hectare, a minimum planting density of 9,000 vines per hectare is required as well as a minimum grape maturity of 11.5 per cent potential alcohol.

</doc>
<doc id="18269358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269358" title="Lewis House (Fargo, North Dakota)">
Lewis House (Fargo, North Dakota)

The Lewis House built in 1899 is an historic Classical Revival house located at 1002 3rd Avenue, South in Fargo, North Dakota. On October 18, 1979, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. As of that date, it was the Minn-Kota Red Cross Chapter Office. Today, though, the Red Cross Chapter office is located at 2602 12th Street, North in Fargo.

</doc>
<doc id="18269369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269369" title="Lord John Hay (Scottish Army officer)">
Lord John Hay (Scottish Army officer)

Brigadier-General Lord John Hay (c. 1668 – 5 August 1706) was the second son of John Hay, 2nd Marquess of Tweeddale. He served in the British Army under the Duke of Marlborough. He was colonel of the Scots Greys from 1704 to his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18269386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269386" title="Weston County Courthouse">
Weston County Courthouse

The Weston County Courthouse in Newcastle, Wyoming was designed by Charles A. Randall and built in 1910-11. The Beaux-Arts style courthouse is the most elaborate building in Newcastle, and a symbol of the community's prosperity at the time of its construction.
The courthouse features a two story central pavilion supported by paired Ionic columns supporting an entablature and pediment. The parapet is ornamented by galvanized metal globes with astatue of Justice on the top of the pediment. An octagonal cupola with arched windows crowns the building. A renovation has replaced the original doors with aluminum-framed units, infilled many windows with glass block and closed the cupola windows with wood panels.
Construction of the courthouse was attended by difficulties with contracting. The first contractor was fired and replaced by John L. Sundstrom, Oscar Linden, Carl Sjostrum and Robert Linden with experience in stonemasonry. Work was complete in 1911, in time for a visit in October and an address from the courthouse steps by U.S. President William Howard Taft.
A three story wing dedicated as a war memorial was added on the west side of the building in 1953. The addition uses sandstone for the first two stories and brick for the upper floor to match the main building.
The Weston County Courthouse resembles another Randall-designed courthouse, the Butte County, South Dakota Courthouse. The Weston County Courthouse was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18269403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269403" title="Paralus and Xanthippus">
Paralus and Xanthippus

Paralus and Xanthippus (Gr. ' and ') were the two legitimate sons of Pericles, Xanthippus being the older one and Paralus the younger, and hence members of the Alcmaeonid family. They were educated by their father with the greatest care, but they both appear to have been of inferior capacity, which was uncompensated by their poor worth of character, although contemporary and some later writers seemed to consider Paralus to have been a somewhat more hopeful youth with more potential than his brother. Both of them had the nickname of "Blitomammas" (, literally "cabbage sucker", an epithet for a slow or dim-witted person). Both Xanthippus and Paralus, along with their mother, fell victims to the plague in 429 BC. Pericles himself succumbed shortly thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="18269425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269425" title="Gōgen Yamaguchi">
Gōgen Yamaguchi

Jitsumi Gōgen Yamaguchi (山口剛玄, "Yamaguchi Gōgen"; b.20 January 1909 d.20 May 1989. [http://www.gojukai.com/myweb2/yamaguch.htm] was a world-renown Grandmaster of Japanese Karate-dō and founder of the "International Karate-dō Gōjū Kai Association"; he was one of the most well-known of all Karate-dō masters to come out of Japan. Prior to his death, he was decorated by the Emperor of Japan in 1968 with the "Ranjū-Hōshō", らんじゅほうしょう(藍綬褒章), the Blue Ribbon Medal of the fifth order of merit, for his enormous contribution to the spread world wide of the Japanese martial arts. For many years Gōgen Yamaguchi was listed in the Guinness Book of Records regarding his rank and achievements. According to his obituary, ""His name was a household word in Karate circles, and he appeared in all the major Martial Arts magazines and publications, both in Japan and the western world.""
Early years.
According to his autobiographical work: "Karate Gojū-ryū by the Cat Tokyo, Japan (1963)", Gōgen Yamaguchi was born on January 20 in 1909 in Miyakonojō Shonai, Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan, near Kagoshima City on the island of Kyūshū. In his 5th year of primary school Yamaguchi commenced his karate-dō training under the guidance of Takeo Maruta, a carpenter joiner from Okinawa. Maruta was a Gōjū-ryū practitioner.
Gōgen Yamaguchi was named Jitsumi Yamaguchi by his father Tokutarō who was a merchant and later a schoolteacher and superintendent; his mother was Yoshimatsu. Jitsumi was their 3rd son, and there were ten children in this very large Japanese family.
"The Cat".
Gōgen Yamaguchi was also famously known in the world of karate-dō as ‘the Cat’; he was a very small man, just over five feet (1.52 meters) and a mere 160 pounds (73 kg); however, he projected the impression of great bulk and an aura reminiscent of the samurai era. He was first dubbed 'the Cat' by American GI’s for his gliding walk and flowing hair. He alone was primarily responsible for the spread of Gōjū-ryū throughout the world today whereby hundreds of thousands of practitioners have experienced some form of training within traditional and non-traditional karate dojo required.
According to Gōgen Yamaguchi himself when interviewed by French magazine Karate journalist Rolland Gaillac, April 1977 edition, he stated: ""Even today, young man, if you were to face me in combat, I would be able to determine in a second the strength of your Ki. Immediately I would know if you were a good opponent. It is this quality, and no other, which has given me the name of The Cat.""
Early training in Kyoto.
Gōgen then began the serious study of karate-dō with Sensei Takeo Maruta after his family relocated to Kyoto. Maruta was also a carpenter or joiner by trade and was himself a student of the legendary Chōjun Miyagi of Okinawa. Gōgen Yamaguchi studied directly with Chōjun Miyagi later in 1929, after he and his then-current teacher and friend Jitsuei Yogi wrote to Chōjun Miyagi and invited him to come to Japan.
Gogen meets Chōjun Miyagi.
Chōjun Miyagi visited the university dojo of Kansai, Osaka, Ritsumeikan, Kyoto, and Doshisha Universities, whilst Gōgen was attending Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto. There he studied Law and in 1930 Yogi together with Gōgen Yamaguchi co-founded the , the first karate club at Ritsumeikan University. The Ritsumeikan Karate-dō Kenkyū-kai was the first university karate club in western Japan and was infamous for its hard style training and fierce karate fighters. Both Yogi and Yamaguchi attended Ritsumeikan University during the time Chōjun Miyagi visited, and Chōjun Miyagi stayed in Yogi’s apartment.
Chōjun Miyagi later gave Gōgen Yamaguchi the responsibility for spreading Gōjū-ryū in mainland Japan. In the early 1930s, Gōgen designed what would become the legendary signature Gōjū-ryū fist. It is said to be modeled after the right fist of Chōjun Miyagi.
Introduces Jiyū Kumite and Forms the All Japan Karate-dō Gōjū-kai Federation.
After graduating from Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto in 1934, that same year Gōgen designed and introduced Jiyū-kumite which has become known today as sport and tournament fighting kumite.In 1935 he officially formed the All Japan Karate-dō Gōjū-kai Karate-dō Association (which later split into the JKF Gojukai and the J.K.G.A.) Also in 1935 Gōgen began his travels with the Japanese government as an intelligence officer and his first son Norimi Gōsei Yamaguchi was born (Gōsei is the current leader of Gōjū-kai USA).
World War II.
During his military tour in Manchuria in World War II, Gōgen was captured by the Soviet military in 1942 and incarcerated as a prisoner of war in a Russian concentration camp; it was here that he battled and defeated a live tiger according to his autobiography (cited above). Gōgen Yamaguchi was originally targeted for hard labour in the POW camp; however, he had impressed even these hard-nosed Russians and who discovered who he was and requested that he teach karate-dō to the Russian soldiers, it was then that, 'the prisoner became the master of the guards, who became his students'.
In 1945, Gōgen returned to Japan where he re-opened his initial karate-dō dojo in Nippori, which was later destroyed by fire, and advertised with a sign outside reading Gōjū-ryū-kai. Many people thought his school was closed forever and that he had been killed in the war; accordingly Gōgen held large exhibitions in Tokyo, which showcased the various Chinese and Japanese martial arts that he had experienced. His school reopened and moved at a later date to the Suginami-ku area of Tokyo. Here he quickly expanded throughout a network of independent Gōjū-ryū dojo. The rapid growth and expansion was reinforced by Gōgen's energetic and forceful persona, which resulted in a worldwide network of karate schools, which he alone built into a powerful martial arts empire.
Mention must be made here of Gōgen Yamaguchi's legendary discussion noted in his autobiography regarding his military duty in Manchuria during World War II, whereby Gōgen was a prisoner of War of the Soviet Army in 1942 and incarcerated at a Russian concentration camp; it was here that he admitted having battled and defeated a live tiger, after he was locked in a cell with the beast which his captors expected would devour him. Certainly this admission has created much controversy; however, Russian sources from the time would need to be located in order to verify the extent of the veracity of this event.
Registers the name Gōjū-ryū, opens his Honbu Dojo.
Gōgen Yamaguchi established the Gōjū-kai Headquarters in Suginami-ku, Tokyo, Japan, nearby to the busy shopping precinct of Roppongi. It was also at this time that he registered the name Gōjū-ryū formally with the Butoku-kai, (the official government body and Headquarters for the Japanese Martial Arts). By 1950 Gōjū-kai Headquarters was officially relocated to the Suginami Tokyo school which contributed to an almost tripling of membership to 450,000 according to his autobiography. Five years later he officially chartered the I.K.G.A. Later in 1964, Gōgen Yamaguchi along with other founder members Ōtsuka Hironori from Wadō-ryū; Nakayama Masatoshi from Shotokan; Mabuni Kenei and Iwata Manzao of Shitō-ryū, unified all the karate dojo in Japan to form the All Japan Karate-dō Federation which is still in existence today as the Japan Karate Federation (JKF).
Gōjū-ryū-kai spreads throughout the western world.
By 1966, his organization comprised more than 1,200 dojo and clubs and 600,000 members within the Gōjū-kai system. Peter Urban had opened his New York Dojo and initiated the spread of the style throughout the USA. In Australia, Paul Starling (the most senior Caucasian pupil graded by Gōgen Yamaguchi in his lifetime) had been training for four years with Gōgen's first Australian student Mervyn Oakley.
Contributions to Budō.
Gōgen Yamaguchi's contributions to Gōjū-ryū karate-dō and to karate-dō in general have been enormous. Under his leadership and guidance the International Karate-dō Gōjū-kai Association (I.K.G.A) has developed and thrived. The organization has increased in popularity both in Japan and other Asian and Western countries throughout the world. By 2008 there were approximately 60-70 countries teaching the Gōjū-kai karate-dō principles and training methods. Gōgen Yamaguchi succeeded in unifying all the karate schools in Japan into a single union which resulted in the formation of The Federation of All Japan Karate-dō Organization (F.A.J.K.O.) in 1964. The "Kokusai Budō Renmei" - (The International Martial Arts Federation) in Japan, whose chairman was Prince Higashikuni of the Japanese Imperial Family appointed Master Yamaguchi as a Shihan - Master of that organisation's karate-dō division. Yamaguchi added to the Gōjū system the Taikyoku kata forms, - training methods for the beginner students to prepare them for the more advanced kata.
It has been argued that never before has a single man had such profound effect on the development and propagation of karate-dō'. (De Jong, Ingo, (1989). Goju-Kai Karate-do Hard and Soft in Harmony - Volume 1. Sweden, Jakobsbergs Tryckeri AB."
Gōgen Yamaguchi visited Sydney and Melbourne, Australia on two occasions, in 1970 and 1972.
Family.
Gōgen Yamaguchi Kaiso died on the 20th of May 1989. He had been married twice, firstly to Midori with whom he had four children: Gōsei Norimi Yamaguchi (b. 1935), Gōsen Kishio Yamaguchi (1940-1990), Makiko Yamaguchi, and Gōshi Hirofumi Yamaguchi (b. 1942). He and his second wife, Mitsue, had one child, Gōkyōko Wakako Yamaguchi. All of his children practiced karate-dō and became Masters in their own right. The names commencing with "gō" (剛) were their karate names. Gōsei Norimi Yamaguchi has his own organisation in the United States and Gōshi Hirofumi Yamaguchi is the President of the International Karate-dō Gōjū-kai, with branches in 60 countries. Gōsen Kishio Yamaguchi was the Vice President of Japan Airlines. Kishio, who died in the early 1990s, was deeply involved in the running of the I.K.G.A whilst his youngest sister Wakako Yamaguchi was an All Japan Kata Champion for a number of years. Makiko Yamaguchi died from subarachnoid hemorrhage at a relatively young age during the early 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18269453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269453" title="System access fee">
System access fee

The system access fee is a non-governmental surcharge imposed by most Canadian telephone companies on their customers' monthly bills. Although it is normally charged for wireless services, Rogers Communications and the now-defunct Sprint Canada also charged its home phone customers a system access fee.
Price for the system access fee varies by carrier and date it was applied with Bell charging between $8.95 and $6.95. Rogers normally amounts to $6.95/month (the System Access Fee on Rogers Home Phone Services was $5.95/month, but has since been merged to the base price). For example, if a wireless plan has been advertised at $20/month, the customer subscribing to it would actually be paying an unadvertised rate of at least $26.95/month, excluding other fees and government taxes.
Government Regulatory Recovery Fee.
Since October 5, 2009, Rogers Wireless has increased the base cost of all of its monthly plans by $5, and they also replaced their former System Access Fee with a Government Regulatory Recovery Fee (GRRF). This fee currently ranges from $1.93 to $3.35, depending on the wireless service selected. In theory, Rogers is simply renaming its System Access Fee. Rogers notes in its fine print that the GRRF "is not a tax or charge the government requires Rogers to collect."
Richard Branson, chairman of Virgin Group, criticized Rogers' Government Regulatory Recovery Fee.
On July 4, 2012, Rogers Wireless "tucked in" the GRRF into the price for their monthly plans. The charge is no longer listed separately. Bell Mobility's monthly plans are similar to Rogers', so a $2 increase can be found on those plans if client does not subscribe to online billing.
Criticism.
The Canadian Government has required Canadian cellular carriers to make it clear that the SAF is not required for any regulatory or government purpose. As a result the carriers claim that the system access fee covers network operation and maintenance costs. Some critics have argued that the SAF results in much price gouging and should simply be added to the advertised monthly fee instead of being a separate entity and that network upgrades and infrastructure maintenance are simply the costs of doing business. Thus, the monthly plan price point should already reflect that.
Class action lawsuit.
In 2006 a class action lawsuit was brought against the major carriers with respect to the System Access Fee. After an initial rejection, it was certified as class action on 7 September 2007 by the Court of Appeal for Saskatchewan. Lawsuits in other provinces, such as British Columbia are also pending.
The Supreme Court of Canada released a ruling on 28 June 2012 that it would not hear an appeal of the Court of Appeal for Saskatchewan decision by the telecommunications companies.

</doc>
<doc id="18269493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269493" title="T. J. Parsell">
T. J. Parsell

Timothy J. "T. J." Parsell (born July 12, 1960) is an American writer, filmmaker, and human rights activist committed to ending prison rape. He is best known for his book "", which details the sexual violence he experienced while serving a four-year jail sentence as a teenager.
Early life and education.
A native of Dearborn, Michigan, Parsell was incarcerated at age 17 for holding up a Fotomat photo developing booth with a toy gun. During the four years he remained in prison, older inmates sexually assaulted him numerous times.
He completed high school while in prison and later received a Bachelor of Arts degree from St. Francis College in Brooklyn, NY. He is currently working toward a master of fine arts degree in film and television at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, where he was named a Reynolds Fellow in 2010.
Career.
Parsell worked in sales in the software industry from 1982 to 2002, employed by companies such as the New York City Transit Authority and DuPont. He left that field to write and pursue a career advocating against prison rape. In 2006, Parsell authored the book "" (Da Capo Press), which has received praise in several reviews. Additionally, he contributed to "Dirty Words: A Literary Encyclopedia of Sex" (Bloomsbury 2008). He has served as president of Stop Prisoner Rape and is a consultant to the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission. He has published numerous articles, including "Unsafe Behind Bars," a 2005 opinion piece in "The New York Times".
Works.
Publications.
Parsell has written or contributed to the following publications:
Documentaries.
Parsell is currently working on a documentary about sexual violence in prisons. HIs other cinematographic works include:

</doc>
<doc id="18269502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269502" title="Pam Scheunemann">
Pam Scheunemann

Pamela Jean Scheunemann (born 25 October 1955 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American children's writer, best known for her Cool Crafts picture books and as the founding member of the Minnesota Book Builders.
Life and work.
Scheunemann graduated from Robbinsdale High School in 1973 and moved on to Minneapolis Community College to study English. She later attended the Minneapolis College of Art & Design for design coursework. 
In 1980, Scheunemann took the position of production manager for New Homes Magazine and moved on to become the vice president for the company. After leaving the company in 1988, she became the production manager for Meadowbrook Press until 1990 and then for CompCare Publishers from 1990 to 1993. 
Scheunemann started her career as a children's book author in 2000 with the Blends Series. Since then, she's published nearly 100 children's books, ranging in reading levels from first to sixth grades. She now serves as the office and production manager, as well as a writer for Mighty Media, inc. in Minneapolis, where she's been since 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18269520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269520" title="Joe Hasselvander">
Joe Hasselvander

Joe Hasselvander (born December 30, 1956) is a musician who has been playing professionally since the age of 9 years old in 1966. He was self-taught, playing the violin and later the drums. He has been the drummer of Raven since 1987.
Career.
Hasselvander regularly played the military club circuit in and around the Washington, D.C. area until 1973, when he was asked to join The Platters after playing a show with them in Waldorf, Maryland. Hasselvander declined, saying he had to finish high school. He later joined a jazz fusion ensemble called the Ra Notra Sextet that was writing and performing music similar to Chick Corea or The Mahavishnu Orchestra.
Pentagram.
In 1973, Hasselvander returned to the hard rock genre playing with the Washington D.C. band The Boyz in the Washington/Baltimore area. In 1976, Hasselvander was asked to play in Mountain with Leslie West in a small club in Alexandria, Virginia. In 1977, Hasselvander joined forces with Bobby Liebling and started a new and serious working version of heavy metal doom band, Pentagram. Hasselvander's first single, "Living in a Ram's Head" b/w "When the Screams Come", was recorded with Hasselvander sharing the producing duties with Liebling. In 1979 Pentagram opened for Judas Priest on the "Hell Bent for Leather" tour and later that year Hasselvander formed Overlord with members of Pentagram and Link Wray's The Pack.
In 1981, Hasselvander once again joined forces with The Boyz to release the album "Bustin’ Out", followed by a Falls Church, Virginia show with Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow. Hasselvander formed Death Row with axeman Victor Griffin in 1982 and once again recruited Bobby Liebling and bassist Martin Swaney to write and record Pentagram's first LP on New York label Dutch East Records.
Solo career and Raven.
Hasselvander moved to New York and recorded the albums "Devil Childe" and "Phantom Lord" with former Virgin Steele guitarist Jack Starr. He also recorded his first solo album, "Lady-Killer". On "Lady-Killer", Hasselvander performed rhythm guitar, bass, drums and vocals, while Jack Starr played the guitar solos. 1985 found Hasselvander working with British blues legend, Kim Simmonds performing 2 years' worth of shows throughout the U.S. under the names Savoy Brown or The Kim Simmonds Band. Only one studio demo and one live recording exists of this line-up including players from Blue Cheer, Cactus, The Plasmatics and The Rods.
In September of ’87 Hasselvander made a cameo appearance on Pentagram’s second album, "Day of Reckoning", filling in on the song "Burning Saviour". Hasselvander soon after recorded all drum, guitar, bass and vocal tracks for his second solo album, "Road Kill", issued on Bad Posture Records and subsequently recorded his first demos with N.W.O.B.H.M. legends, Raven at Bearsville Studios near Woodstock, N.Y..
Hasselvander officially joined Raven in late 1987 and recorded the album "Nothing Exceeds Like Excess" for Combat Records. He followed up by touring with Raven supporting Testament in the United States and Kreator in Europe in 1989. Soon after, he recorded with Christian metal band Armageddon for their first album, "The Money Mask". Raven switched labels and management to Drakkar Promotions and SPV/Steamhammer in Germany and recorded "Architect of Fear", supporting the release by touring with Germany pirate rockers Running Wild. A video from this tour was made into an on-the-road “rock-umentary” entitled "Electro Shock Therapy", which featured very revealing moments with Mr. Hasselvander in his natural habitat. The video was released in tandem with the EP "Heads Up!" featuring outtakes from "Architect of Fear" and live songs from the tour. A tour with German band Risk followed in 1992.
Pentagram reunion.
In 1993, Hasselvander was asked to play on a reunion album for Pentagram called "Be Forewarned" for London-based Peaceville Records, after re-recording the drums for "Day of Reckoning" to be released on CD. Soon after, Hasselvander and Victor Griffin were asked to fill in on guitar and drums for British doom band Cathedral who were supporting Black Sabbath on a spring 1994 tour of Europe for their "Cross Purposes" album. Hasselvander returned to record Raven's 7th album, "Glow", on the Japanese label Zero Corporation; the album was released in 1995. Hasselvander traveled to Los Angeles to take part in the Foundations Forum with Raven. Raven then went to Tokyo, Japan, to make a live album, "Destroy All Monsters/Live in Japan", and to record a Japanese MTV concert video. In 1996 Hasselvander recorded "Everything Louder" with Raven at Pete Evick’s studio. The band flew to Europe once again to headline a tour for this album with support acts, Tank and HammerFall.
In 1997, Hasselvander and Bobby Liebling were signed to the Italian label, Black Widow, and "Review Your Choices" was recorded with Hasselvander playing the drums, guitar and bass guitar and Bobby doing vocals. In the summer of 1999 Raven traveled to Nashville to record "One for All" with the legendary producer Michael Wagener. A tour in January 2000 with U.D.O. followed in Germany and later that spring in the USA. Hasselvander re-signed with Black Widow to record the Pentagram album "Sub-Basement", which was released to rave reviews in 2001.
Hasselvander played many one-off shows with Raven (band) in 2003 with Mark Gallagher sporting a leg cast from an injury sustained in a near death work accident in 2002. In 2003, Hasselvander went to Florida with Jack Starr to record the album "Under a Savage Sky" under the banner of Jack Starr's Guardians of the Flame, featuring the vocals of Schmolik Avigal (ex-Picture, The Rods). Joe Hasselvander was the producer on this album.
In 2004, Hasselvander was asked to play two concerts in New Hampshire with his childhood idols, Blue Cheer. The shows went well and they got along famously. So much so that an album was recorded with Hasselvander on the drums, "What Doesn't Kill You...". 2005 came and Hasselvander played the colossal German rock festivals Keep It True and Bang Your Head!!! with Raven, alongside the likes of Whitesnake and Foreigner. Bang Your Head!!! and Keep It True performances were filmed and released on DVD in 2006. Raven played more one off festivals during 2006 and 2007.
Joe Hasselvander soon released his 3rd solo album "The Hounds of Hasselvander" on German heavy metal label Rock Saviour Records, this time performing everything on the album. In November, 2007 Hasselvander went to England to play in the Hard Rock Hell festival at the Butlins resort in Minehead. The review by Geoff Barton simply states that "Raven took over the show from the likes of Twisted Sister, Saxon and UFO". This was all followed up by a few choice dates in the Netherlands and Belgium.
Joe Hasselvander played out with a working version of his solo band, The Hounds of Hasselvander on a tour of the East Coast of the US. Joe Hasselvander worked on a brand new line up for the Hounds of Hasselvander to tour Europe and Canada in the early spring of 2009. In 2008, Mr. Hasselvander concentrated on upcoming Raven shows in California with friends Hirax, in New York at the Legendary club L'amour, and again back to England in September for a Raven mini-tour.
As of June 2009, Hasselvander and Raven performed 2 nights in Japan in support of the band's new album "Walk Through Fire" (2009, King Records).
Hasselvander is currently working on his third full length solo album, "The Ninth Hour", as well as an album of cover songs, tentatively titled, "Ancient Rocks" - both due out in the Autumn of 2011.
Equipment.
Ludwig double kit includes: 2 x 26″ kick drums, 8″ snare 10″, 12″, 14″, 16″, 18″ tom toms, assorted Zildjian cymbals. For composition and other recordings, Hasselvander uses a Gibson SG guitar and a Gibson EB-3 bass.
Album discography.
Studio albums.
Solo
With Raven
With Pentagram
Other
EP albums.
With Raven
With Pentagram

</doc>
<doc id="18269568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269568" title="2000 Oregon State Beavers football team">
2000 Oregon State Beavers football team

The 2000 Oregon State Beavers football team represented Oregon State University in the 2000 NCAA Division I-A football season. They were led by head coach Dennis Erickson and defeated Notre Dame 41–9 to win the Fiesta Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="18269587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269587" title="Bad Day on the Block">
Bad Day on the Block

Bad Day on the Block is a 1997 psychological thriller film directed by Craig R. Baxley. It stars Charlie Sheen and Mare Winningham. Although intended to be released in theaters, it was ultimately distributed direct-to-video. However, it was released to the theatres in some countries under the name Under Pressure; it initially premiered in Turkey. The film is sometimes also known as "The Fireman".
Plot.
The film opens with a fire. Lyle Wilder (Charlie Sheen) is a decorated Los Angeles firefighter who saved an Afro-American baby's life in a crack house fire. He was honored for his bravery. However, Lyle Wilder is a psychopath, who had his wife, Marge and son, Kenny (Rory Flynn) leave him because of his violent tendencies. He believes that the neighbors (Mare Winningham and David Andrews) and their two children (Noah Fleiss and Chelsea Russo) are to blame for them leaving by manipulating his wife. Lyle began to hurt their children. Lyle also terrorizes Reese and Catherine Braverton. He does not excuse any accidents made by the Bravertons' two children, Zach and Chelsea. Lyle continues thinking that the Bravertons are his enemies. In flashbacks, it shows his violent tendencies, like playing Russian roulette with his wife and he being angry on his son's birthday (stemming from his own strict disciplinary upbringing). In another flashback, it is shown that Lyle left the mother of the baby to die in the fire because he considered her negligent.
Lyle still loves his wife and wants to ruin the Bravertons' life, because of their happiness. One day, the Bravertons' refrigerator malfunctions, and they call a repairman who gets the wrong address. The repairman, Ron, arrives at Lyle's house, who makes racist remarks (as Ron reminds him of a slum lord, whose negligence of a gas leak led to many fatalities). A slanging match ensues a fight, which ends with Ron's death; his mouth is superglued shut to silence his screams. During this time, the Bravertons report Lyle to the police for threatening them. Officers Al Calavito and Sandy Tierra respond to the call. Because of Lyle's decorated status, Calavito and Tierra doubt the Bravertons. When they go to see Lyle, Lyle tells them that the Bravertons are lying and that Reese beats Catherine. After Lyle breaks into the Bravertons' house again, Calavito and Tierra search Lyle's house. Tierra discovers the repairman's body while Lyle attacks and murders Calavito, by slamming a fireman's axe into his torso. Sandy overhears the struggle and goes to help Calavito, but she is also killed by having her neck broken (while Lyle rants disciplinary scripture). Later, Reese goes over to talk to Lyle, who savagely beats him. After tying him up, Lyle throws Reese through the Bravertons' kitchen window.
Lyle begins to play Russian roulette with the Bravertons, explaining how his late father taught him its history (along with numerous other disciplinary methods by which he abides) prior to his "luck in roulette expiring". Zack stabs Lyle with a pocket knife, which only makes Lyle angrier. Catherine tries to talk to Lyle, pretending to be his ex-wife. While he is confused, Reese attacks Lyle from behind. After a brief fight, Lyle (distraught that he is being blamed for his actions) is shot by Catherine (branding him a coward). As he dies, Lyle stares at the engraving his wife inscribed on his watch (a sign of happier times). The film ends with the Bravertons spending some time as a family, trying not to notice a billboard displaying Lyle representing L.A.'s fire department.

</doc>
<doc id="18269588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269588" title="List of New York Islanders draft picks">
List of New York Islanders draft picks

This is an incomplete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the New York Islanders franchise since the season. It includes every player who was drafted, regardless of whether they played for the team or not.

</doc>
<doc id="18269609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269609" title="Global Alliance for Peace and Prosperity">
Global Alliance for Peace and Prosperity

The Global Alliance for Peace and Prosperity (GAPP ) is a nonprofit and nonpartisan membership organization founded on May 15, 2007 and based at Munich, Germany.
Mission.
The organization's mission is promoting understanding of globalization and informing the public about important global issues. A central aim of the organization, it states, is to “push decision makers towards reforms that create the conditions for a global society and global governance.“
The organization's first initiative is called "Become a Global Citizen". The initiative has its own website and it promotes global citizenship. The New York Times described the initiative “ a groundbreaking movement that empowers all citizens to participate in meaningful ways in the life of the community and the planet“.
About the organization.
From its inception the organization is nonpartisan, welcoming members from any political attitude and religious beliefs. However, its proceedings are almost universally private and confidential. 
In July 2007 the organization was first mentioned by the British Prime Minister Gordon Brown when he called for a new international effort to achieve the Millennium Development Goals. He said that the “pace has been too slow and uncertain“ in meeting the promise made by world leaders seven years ago and that “we need more organizations like the Global Alliance for Peace and Prosperity that push us for faster global reforms.“
The organization was officially introduced at the international level at the Fabian Society New Year Conference in London in January 2008. There the organization was criticized by members of We Are Change UK as “an elite think tank that wants to destroy national sovereignty.“
The current chief executive officer (CEO) is Christian Walz.
Influence on foreign policy.
In March 2008 the organization became the youngest non-governmental organization to join the United Nations Global Compact ( UNGC ) Program.
The organization regularly attends conferences at European Union and the United Nations. Global Alliance for Peace and Prosperity is a “breeding ground for important global policies“and it pushes “politicians, delegates of international organizations, public officials, the press, teachers, educaters and citizens towards having their part to play in the construction of a new world order.“

</doc>
<doc id="18269643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269643" title="California Council on Science and Technology">
California Council on Science and Technology

The California Council on Science and Technology (CCST) is an independent, not-for-profit 501(c)(3) organization designed to offer expert advice to the California state government and to recommend solutions to science and technology-related policy issues.
History.
CCST was founded during a period of heightened concern about California's future following the loss of several national competitions for important research facilities. It was established via Assembly Concurrent Resolution (ACR 162) in 1988 by a unanimous vote of the California Legislature, charged to "report to presidents... and respond to the Governor, the Legislature, and other entities on public policy issues related to science and technology." The first CCST meetings took place in 1989.
Core support was initially provided by five institutions of higher education specified in the ACR (the University of California, California State University, Stanford University, Caltech, and the University of Southern California). In 1994, the California Community College System joined as a sustaining institution. In 2005, six of the largest federal funded laboratories in California joined as affiliate members Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Sandia National Laboratories/California, Stanford Linear Accelerator Center, NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and the NASA Ames Research Center).
During its first two decades, CCST has worked on an ever-increasing number and variety of projects including energy research, science and math education, intellectual property policy, biotechnology, and nanotechnology, among others. It has also collaborated extensively with the National Academies and worked to make a variety of national reports produced by the Academies more accessible to state policy makers.
CCST has had two executive directors to date: Donald Shields (1989–1995), former president of Southern Methodist University and Susan Hackwood, professor of Electrical Engineering at the University of California, Riverside (1995–present).
Organization.
The founding legislation incorporated two key ideas. First, it called for the Council to consist of experts from business as well as from the educational sector. Second, CCST was funded in a way that was both sustainable and independent from government.
CCST is governed by a Board of Directors composed of representatives from its sponsoring academic institutions, from the corporate and business community, as well as from the philanthropic community. The CCST Board is assisted by a larger CCST Council, a larger group of corporate CEOs, academicians, and scientists that provides advice in their areas of expertise. There are also over 120 CCST fellows who are available to provide expert advice as needed. As of July 2008, seventy-six members and fellows are also members of the National Academies, six are Nobel laureates, nine are National Medal of Science recipients and two are recipients of the National Medal of Technology.
In addition, in 2005 CCST launched the California Teacher Advisory Council (Cal TAC), a group of 12 master teachers who provide a valuable connection between the teaching community and the educational experts and policymakers who are shaping California's educational system.

</doc>
<doc id="18269654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269654" title="Bells University of Technology">
Bells University of Technology

Bells University of Technology is the first private university of technology established in Nigeria. It was established in 2004, and began admitting students from the 2005/2006 academic session.
History.
Bellstech was established in 2004 by The Bells Educational Foundation, which already ran Nursery, Primary and Secondary schools. The Bells Educational Foundation is part owned by Olusegun Obasanjo, an ex-President of Nigeria.
The proprietor of the Bells University of Technology is the Bells Educational Foundation. It has always desired to make input into university education delivery in Nigeria, having successfully established and run Bells Secondary Schools in Ota for some years. It is the dream of Bells Educational Foundation to establish a unique university where the good foundation given to the products of its secondary school and other secondary schools could be built upon. The opportunity wa made available by the Federal Government, when Act No. 9 of 1993 was promulgated, allowing private individuals or organizations to establish universities in Nigeria, provided they meet certain criteria laid down by the Federal Government. In order to realize its dream, the Bells Educational Foundation, the Proprietor of the university, has acquired a large expanse of land (more than 300 hectares) in Badagry, Lagos State, for the physical development of the University. The Proprietor of the Bells University of Technology set up a planning committee, made up of former vice-chancellors of top Nigerian universities, top academic staff and other seasoned university planners and professionals. The planning committee received briefing from the proprietor on the type of university envisaged and thereafter brought their expertise to bear on the planning process. To ensure uniqueness, the University would offer courses that would:
VISION
“To be a world - renowned University that is committed to the development and transformation of society through environmental friendly technological and other innovations ”.
Colleges and departments.
BUT is made up of six Colleges and twenty-six Departments.

</doc>
<doc id="18269659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269659" title="Daya Nueva">
Daya Nueva

Daya Nueva () is a municipality in the "comarca" of Vega Baja del Segura in the Valencian Community, Spain.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="18269660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269660" title="The Conservation Campaign">
The Conservation Campaign

The Conservation Campaign is a United States 501(c)(4) non-profit organization affiliated with The Trust for Public Land (TPL). It is a resource for grassroots campaigns in the USA that are concerned with raising funds for land and water conservation.
Introduction.
The Conservation Campaign (TCC) mobilizes public support for ballot measures and legislation that create public funds to protect land and water resources. It supports land conservation strategies, from acquisition of urban parks and playgrounds, to the purchase of development rights to protect working forests and farmlands. It is bipartisan and works cooperatively with elected officials, farmers, ranchers, the business community, developers and realtors, and other groups. Many of the campaigns that TCC is involved in receive support from groups like The Nature Conservancy.
Services.
TCC services include aid with direct mail, phone banks, public presentations, ballot language, and legal and financial issues. If a campaign is hosted by TCC, the campaign receives financial support and logistical guidance. By working with TPL, citizens can build a campaign that creates funds to preserve open space, wildlife habitat, clean water, and parks.
Success.
TCC was founded by TPL in 2000, and since then it has supported 264 measure campaigns, 213 of which were approved. These campaigns worked to, for example, raise funds for buying land for open space in Ann Arbor, Michigan; protecting land against development in Idaho; preserving watershed lands in Georgia; saving old growth forests and coastline in California with "Proposition 4"; and implementing the Community Preservation Act in Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18269667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269667" title="1925–26 Boston Bruins season">
1925–26 Boston Bruins season

The 1925–26 Boston Bruins season was the team's second in the NHL. The Bruins finished fourth in the league standings, failing to make the playoffs.
Regular season.
Opening the season with a 2-1 loss to the expansion Pittsburgh Pirates, it looked initially as if the Bruins would turn in as poor a season as the year before, as they won only two of their first ten games, and after two consecutive wins, turned in an 0-5-3 record for most of January.
From a 5-0 shutout victory over the Maroons on January 30, however, the Bruins won 13 of their last 17 games, a 2-1 overtime loss to the Pirates on March 12 being the difference to lose out on a playoff berth to Pittsburgh by a single point. The winning percentage improvement of .328 from the previous season was a NHL record at the time, and remains the third best single season improvement ever.
A healthy Carson Cooper contributed to a near doubling of goals scored to lead the league, while the purchase of veteran star defenseman Sprague Cleghorn from the Montreal Maroons solidified the defense - despite a knee injury in the opener against Pittsburgh that sidelined Cleghorn for a month - and saw goals allowed decline by over a third. Cooper and Jimmy "Sailor" Herbert finished second and third respectively in the league scoring race, behind Nels Stewart of the Maroons.
Among other debuts was that of goaltender Moe Roberts, at age 19 the second youngest player in the league and its first Jewish player. Roberts would wind up with one of the longest professional careers on record, playing his final game for the Chicago Black Hawks in 1951, the oldest player ever to play in the NHL, prior to Gordie Howe.
Playoffs.
The Bruins did not qualify for the playoffs.
Player stats.
Leading scorers.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes"
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; Min = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"

</doc>
<doc id="18269677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269677" title="2008–09 Australian region cyclone season">
2008–09 Australian region cyclone season

The 2008–09 Australian region cyclone season was an event in the cycle of tropical cyclone formation. It officially started on 1 November 2008, and officially ended on 30 April 2009. The regional tropical cyclone operational plan defines a "tropical cyclone year" separately from a "tropical cyclone season"; the "tropical cyclone year" began on 1 July 2008 and ended on 30 June 2009.
The scope of the Australian region is limited to all areas south of the equator, east of 90°E and west of 160°E. This area includes Australia, Papua New Guinea, western parts of the Solomon Islands, East Timor and southern parts of Indonesia.
Tropical cyclones in this area are monitored by five Tropical Cyclone Warning Centres (TCWCs): the Australian Bureau of Meteorology in Perth, Darwin, and Brisbane; TCWC Jakarta in Indonesia; and TCWC Port Moresby in Papua New Guinea. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center issues unofficial warnings for the region, designating tropical depressions with the "S" suffix when they form west of 135°E, and the "P" suffix when they form east of 135°E.
__TOC__
Seasonal forecasts.
Bureau of Meteorology.
In October 2008 ahead of the season starting on November 1, the tropical cyclone warning centres in Perth, Darwin and Brisbane issued a seasonal outlook for their area of responsibility, which urged people to prepare for possible tropical cyclones. Within each outlook factors such as the high values of the Southern Oscillation Index, near average sea surface temperatures and the neutral El Niño–Southern Oscillation conditions were taken into account. TCWC Perth predicted within their seasonal outlook that the North-Western subregion between 105°E and 130°E would see an early start to the season. They also predicted that between 5 - 7 tropical cyclones would occur in the region during the season compared to an average of about 5 and that there was a likelihood of two tropical cyclones and one severe tropical cyclone impacting Western Australia. TCWC Darwin predicted that there might be an early start to the season within the Timor Sea and slightly above average numbers of tropical cyclones around northern Australia. They also noted that there was an even chance of having a severe tropical cyclone in the region during the season. Within their outlook TCWC Brisbane predicted that there would be a high amount of activity within the Australian Monsoon, and that the chances of a repeat of the widespread flooding rains were not great due to their being no well-established La Nina.
Others.
During September 2008, the New Zealand National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research (NIWA) and its partners issued a tropical cyclone outlook, for the South Pacific region between 135°E and 120°W. NIWA also predicted that countries west of the International Date Line, including Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, Vanuatu, New Caledonia and Fiji were likely to experience an average to slightly above normal risk of a tropical cyclone. -->
On 26 September 2008 the New Zealand National Institute of Water & Atmospheric Research issued a seasonal forecast for the whole of the southern Pacific Ocean to the east of 150°E. They predicted that the 2008-09 South Pacific cyclone season would see an average risk of cyclones forming, which meant that 8-10 tropical cyclones with wind speeds greater than 35 knots would form east of 150°E.
Storms.
Tropical Cyclone Anika.
During 17 November TCWC Perth and TCWC Jakarta reported that Tropical Low 02U, had developed within the monsoon trough about to the northeast of the Cocos Islands. During the next day the low quickly developed further as it was steered on a south-easterly course by an area of persisting north-westerly steering winds. TCWC Perth, TCWC Jakarta and the JTWC then reported early on 19 November that the low had developed into a weak tropical cyclone with Perth naming it Anika. On 20 November, Anika reached its peak intensity as a Category 2 cyclone with winds of 95 km/h (60 mph) and a pressure of 984 hPa. The intensification was the result of deep convection wrapping around the center of circulation and Dvorak Technique intensity estimates reaching T3.5. Cyclone Anika passed to the north of the Cocos Islands, and cyclone warnings were cancelled later that day. Later that day, it weakened to a Category 1 cyclone. As the storm tracked over cooler waters, it continued to weaken. By 21 November, the storm weakened to a tropical low due to increasing wind shear. The next day, the Anika dissipated over open waters.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Billy.
On 17 December, a tropical low formed in the Arafura Sea north-west of Darwin in the Northern Territory. It moved into the Joseph Bonaparte Gulf and was very slow moving. On the night of 18 December it intensified into a Category 1 cyclone and was named Billy. On 20 December, Billy made landfall as a Category 2 cyclone approximately 65 kilometres north of Wyndham. After then, it weakened to a tropical low and moved slowly south westwards. It then moved off the coast just north of Kuri Bay and redeveloped into a tropical cyclone on 22 December as the storm turned to the north-north east. Late on 24 December, Billy began to rapidly intensify and reached Category 4 strength early on 25 December and became a typical annular cyclone. Later that same day, Billy weakened into a category 3 cyclone as it replaced its eyewall and TCWC Perth issued their final tropical advice as the system was moving away from land. Billy weakened into a category 1 cyclone on 27 December and weakened into a tropical low on 28 December. Later that day, TCWC Perth issued their final advisory as it continued to weaken.
Two remote indigenous communities, Kalumburu and Oombulgurri were cut off by flood waters with roads and the airstrips closed.
Tropical Low 04U.
On 20 December, an area of low pressure, associated with developing convection, formed about 1000 km (560 mi) east of Darwin in the Gulf of Carpentaria. The next day, the Bureau of Meteorology in Darwin designated the system as a tropical low. Banding features developed along the southern portion of the system and further development was anticipated as the low was located underneath an anticyclone. Around 5:26 a.m. local time on 23 December, the low made landfall near Port Roper, preventing further development of the storm. About 36 hours after landfall, the Australian Bureau of Meteorology issued their final advisory on the system as it dissipated over land.
Tropical Low 05U.
On 23 December, TCWC Brisbane noted that a weak tropical low had formed within the Solomon Sea, about 1330 kilometres to the north east of Cairns. Over the next few days the low moved towards the south west into the Coral Sea.
Tropical Cyclone Charlotte.
On 8 January, TCWC Darwin identified a Tropical Low in the southern Gulf of Carpentaria. The next day TCWC Brisbane begin to issue advices on the low issuing Cyclone Watches for coastal communities between Aurukun on the Cape York Peninsula and the Northern Territory/Queensland border. On 11 January, the Tropical Low developed into Tropical Cyclone Charlotte, and on 12 January at 4:00am (AEST), crossed the coast near the Gilbert River Mouth with wind gusts of 120 km/h (70 mph).
Heavy rains, estimated at over 150 mm (5.9 in), from Tropical Cyclone Charlotte flooded at least 100 homes in low-lying areas on Cape York including Babinda, Mount Sophia and at Normanton. The rains also caused mudslides which, as described by an affected home-owner "...it's just mud, mud everywhere". The main road to Karumba was also cut off by flood waters. Damages from the storm are estimated at $15 million (USD).
Tropical Low 07U.
On 11 January a tropical low formed in the Coral Sea. The winds peaked at .
Tropical Cyclone Dominic.
On 22 January, TCWC Perth noted that Tropical Low 08U had formed overland, to the north of Broome in North-West Australia. JTWC had upgrade this system become a significant tropical cyclone as "good". On 25 January at 11:15am (AWDT), TCWC Perth issued a Tropical Cyclone Warning for coastal areas from Wickham to Exmouth. Later that day, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert as a tropical cyclone was likely to form within the following 48 hours. TCWC Perth begun issuing advices for the developing tropical low and posted tropical cyclone warning along the far western coastline of the Western Australia region. On 26 January, the system became Tropical Cyclone Dominic. Further intensification followed and Dominic was upgraded to a Category 2 cyclone several hours later. Morning of 27 January, Dominic made landfall just after 7am (AWDT) near Onslow. Later that day Dominic weakened to a Category 1 cyclone before weakening into a tropical low during the day. JTWC issued its last advisory on this system on 27 January as it continued to weaken inland.
The formation of Dominic in an area that produces significant amounts of oil resulted in numerous evacuations of offshore oil platforms. The platforms remained closed for several days until the storm dissipated, resulting in a loss of roughly per day, increasing global gasoline prices. A red alert was declared for Onslow In preparations for the landfall of Dominic a crane worker was killed in Port Hedland while dismantling a crane.
In Onslow, the roof of the local library was blown off, resulting in flooding within the building. A nearby hospital also sustained flood damage. Several trees and power lines were downed by high winds and some roads were flooded.
Following the storm, the shires of Ashburton, Carnarvon, Upper Gascoyne, Murchison, Yalgoo, Moora, Northam, York, Quairading and Beverley were eligible for disaster assistance from the Australian Government.
Tropical Cyclone Ellie.
Early on 30 January, the TCWC in Brisbane noted that a Tropical Low, had formed within a monsoon trough. Later that day the JTWC, reported that multi spectral imagery had shown a developing low level circulation center with deep convection located over the western quadrant of the Low level circulation centre. Late the next day the Bureau of Meteorology reported that the low had intensified into a tropical cyclone and assigned the name of Ellie to the cyclone. They also reported that Ellie had reached its peak winds of 80 km/h, (50 mph), which made Ellie a Category one cyclone on the Australian Tropical Cyclone Intensity Scale. Later that day the Joint Typhoon Warning Center initiated issuing warnings on Ellie designating it as Tropical Cyclone 12P and also reported peak wind speeds of 75 km/h, (45 mph) which made Ellie equivalent to a Tropical Storm on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale. Ellie made landfall near Mission Beach at about Midnight AEST, 2 February (1400 UTC), as a Category 1 system and weakened into a Tropical Low. TCWC Brisbane was expecting Tropical Low ex-Ellie to move back over the Coral Sea within 24 to 36 hours after Ellie made landfall and possibly reintensify into a tropical cyclone. However, this did not happen. The low that had been Ellie redeveloped within the south eastern Gulf of Carpentaria. Torrential rain from the remnants of Ellie flooded areas in Northern Queensland, causing about A$110 million (US$70.7 million) in damages. In Ingham, between Cairns and Townsville, some 50 homes were flooded, with 32 people evacuated to emergency accommodation at a local high school.
Tropical Cyclone Freddy.
On 2 February, TCWC Perth noted that a Tropical Low had developed in the monsoon trough, which was located over the Kimberly region. On 3 February, at 03:45 WDT TCWC Perth issued a cyclone watch for the area between Kalumburu and Broome as the storm continued to move west winds intensified to 75 km/h and warning that the storm may develop into a cyclone later in the day. The system was located 500 km north west of Port Hedland on 5 February and is forecasted to continue moving westward into the Indian Ocean and strengthen into a cyclone although its not expected to affect the West Australian coast line. On 6 February at 1200Z, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center identified the system as Tropical Cyclone 14S. Freddy tracked slowly south westward and steadily weakened as it was affected by more shear and cooler waters. The JTWC issued its final advisory on 9 February, as the system had dissipated. The outer bands of Freddy produced heavy rains in Indonesia. A landslide triggered by these rains killed two people.
Tropical Low 11U.
TCWC Brisbane — Coral sea
Tropical Low 12U.
TCWC Perth — Timor Sea
Tropical Low 13U (Innis).
On 18 February, the extra tropical remnants of Cyclone Innis, briefly curved into the Australian Region, as a result the remnants were designated as Tropical Low 13U by TCWC Brisbane. However as Innis was expected to recurve into the South Pacific within 24 hours primary warning responsibility remained with TCWC Wellington. Later that day Innis recurved into the south Pacific.
Tropical Low 14U.
On 25 February, TCWC Darwin reported a Tropical Low developed within the monsoon trough west of Darwin, Northern Territory. JTWC forecasted of this system becoming a tropical cyclone as "fair". The next early morning TCWC Perth begun issuing tropical cyclone advices on the developing low, posting a cyclone watch for the Pilbara coastal areas. On 26 February, JTWC upgraded the system's chances to "good" and issued the Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert. The low made landfall over Port Hedland without becoming a tropical cyclone.
The tropical low dropped upwards of 112 mm (4.4 in) of rain along the Pilbara coast, causing minor flooding. Flood warnings and watches were issued for areas around several rivers due to the rains.
Tropical Low Hina.
TCWC Darwin
Tropical Low Gabrielle.
Gabrielle formed out of a low pressure system that quickly developed. It begin to move south east and soon weakened into a tropical low. It slowly tracked south and south westwardly, it slowly reintensified and gained tropical cyclone status. As an anticyclone possibly forming to the south of the system. This might have allowed the storm to strengthen a bit before dissipating over cooler waters later in the week, but it then unexpectedly turned the west and dissipated on 5 March.
Bureau of Meteorology in Perth noted that in post-analysis determined that Gabrielle did not meet the minimum requirements of a tropical cyclone by the Australian definition. Gales were observed in one quadrant or another throughout most of Gabrielle's life but at no one time did they extend more than halfway around the low level circulation center.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Hamish.
On 4 March, a weak Tropical Low developed in an active trough located over the north western Coral Sea slowly moving south east. The low began to intensify despite its proximity to land. At 11pm EST (1100 UTC), the Tropical Low developed into Tropical Cyclone Hamish and convective band begin to develop. The next day, the cyclone strengthened into a Category 2 cyclone, and by the 11pm advisory, had strengthen further to a Category 3 Severe Tropical Cyclone and a defined eye showed on the satellite. Later that day it begin to affect the north eastern Queensland. On 7 March, Hamish was located approximately 230 kilometres from Cairns with the Bureau of Meteorology expecting Hamish to intensify into a Category 4 with the cyclone expecting to brush through near Mackay on Sunday night or Monday morning. during that day Hamish had intensified to a Category 4 cyclone. Later that day the storm intensified into a Category 5 cyclone, the first since Cyclone George, during its closest approach to Hayman Island. During 8 March, Severe Tropical Cyclone Hamish weakened to a Category 4 cyclone. The cyclone was forecasted to make landfall near Bundaberg however the Bureau of Meteorology then expected Hamish not to make landfall and to continue to move in a south easterly direction and slowly weaken. A trawler caught in rough seas produced by the storm sent out a distress signal as it was overcome by the storm. Rescue attempts to retrieve the three crew members were hampered by Hamish and were called off but expected to resume of 10 March. On 10 March 11am EST (0100 UTC) Hamish had weakened to a Category 3 cyclone with the Bureau of Meteorology is expected that Hamish slow and continue to weaken. On 11 March 7am EST (2100 UTC) the Hamish weakened further to a Category 2 cyclone with the Bureau of Meteorology expected Hamish to continually be slow moving and weaken, with the cyclone beginning to move in a north west direction later in the day. The storm continued to weaken and BoM downgraded it to a tropical low later that day.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Ilsa.
On 12 March, TCWC Darwin identified that a weak tropical low had formed in the Arafura Sea. On 17 March, TCWC Perth began issuing shipping warnings for the developing tropical low. The low developed into Tropical Cyclone Ilsa late on 17 March. Ilsa became a Category 3 Severe Tropical Cyclone on the evening of 19 March and continued to intensify, despite predictions that Ilsa would weaken. Ilsa quickly strengthened the next morning to a Category 4 cyclone, despite predictions that the cyclone would weaken before reaching that intensity. Steady weakening began soon after; Ilsa was downgraded to a Category 3 cyclone on 20 March and to Category 1 on 23 March. On 24 March, the cyclone was downgraded to a tropical low and advisories were discontinued.
Tropical Low 19U.
On 19 March, TCWC Brisbane identified that a weak tropical low had formed in the Coral Sea near 13S, 153E. Conditions remained unfavourable for development and the storm rapidly dissipated.
Forming in the same area as Cyclone Hamish did earlier in March, officials along the Sunshine Coast feared that it could track towards the disaster zones along the Queensland coast. The storm could hinder clean-up efforts of the large oil spill caused by Hamish. Another fear was that residents would panic upon hearing of another approaching cyclone, leading to unnecessary evacuations. Up to 68 mm (2.6 in) of rain fell in South Johnstone.
Tropical Cyclone Jasper.
On 23 March, the remnants of Tropical Low 20U combined with areas of the monsoon trough to form a new low pressure system. This area rapidly consolidated into a new Tropical Low and on 24 March, developed into Tropical Cyclone Jasper in the eastern Coral Sea. Jasper exited the Australian region and entered into the South Pacific, RSMC Nadi region of responsibility. It then weakened unexpectedly and dissipated as it began to move off the coast of New Caledonia.
Tropical Low 21U.
TCWC Darwin - 23 March
Tropical Low 22U.
Early on 11 April, Tropical Disturbance 15F moved into TCWC Brisbane's area of responsibility and was re-designated as Tropical Low 22U. Over the next couple of days, the disturbance remained weak as it moved towards the southern tip of Papua New Guinea. The tropical low then dissipated on 13 April.
Tropical Cyclone Kirrily.
On 18 April, TCWC Darwin and TCWC Jakarta reported that a weak tropical low, had developed within the Arafura Sea near the Tanimbar Islands. Over the next week, the low remained weak as it moved towards the eastwards, before it turned towards the northwest during 25 April. JTWC reported the system's chances forming into a significant Tropical Cyclone within 24 hours as "poor". Later on 26 April, JTWC upgraded the low's chances of forming from "poor" to "fair" and later in afternoon the low strengthened with JTWC upgrading the low from "fair" to "good" and issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert. Joint Typhoon Warning Center designated the system as Tropical Cyclone 27S later on 27 April. In the afternoon, TCWC Darwin upgraded 23U to a Category 1 tropical cyclone and designated it as Tropical Cyclone Kirrily. Later that day, as it made landfall over Aru Islands, the low weakened slightly and JTWC downgraded Kirrily to tropical depression, and TCWC Darwin downgraded Kirrily to a tropical low. In the afternoon of the 27th, the JTWC again upgraded Kirrily into tropical storm. In the afternoon of the next day, JTWC issued their final warning on Kirrily (27S) and BoM downgraded the storm to a tropical low.
Other systems.
The following tropical lows were also monitored by the Australian Bureau of Meteorology, however all of these systems were either short lived or did not develop significantly. On 21 November the remnant tropical disturbance of Tropical Storm Bernard, moved into the Australian region before it was last noted later that day.

</doc>
<doc id="18269710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269710" title="29th parallel south">
29th parallel south

The 29th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 29 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
In Australia, much of the border between Queensland and New South Wales is defined by the parallel.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 29° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18269712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269712" title="50th Infantry Brigade Combat Team (United States)">
50th Infantry Brigade Combat Team (United States)

The 50th Infantry Brigade Combat Team ("Jersey Blues") is an infantry brigade combat team of the United States Army National Guard of New Jersey. It is headquartered at the Lawrenceville Armory.
Background.
The 50th Brigade Combat Team is the major unit of the New Jersey Army National Guard. The headquarters is located in Lawrenceville, NJ. The 50th Brigade Combat Team has two light infantry battalions, one field artillery battalion, one cavalry squadron, a special troops battalion, two MP companies, and a support battalion. Its nickname "Jersey Blues" dates back to the 17th century with the earliest units serving in both the French and Indian War (see book titled 'Colonial Tribulations') and Rev. War.
The brigade's lineage can be traced back to several different units starting with the 50th Armored Division. This unit was disbanded On 1 September 1993 and the division was reduced to the 50th Armored Brigade which was subordinate unit to the 42nd Infantry Division. This unit consisted of the 2d Battalion, 102d Armor; the 5th Squadron, 117th Cavalry; the 2d Battalion (Mechanized), 113th Infantry; the 1st Battalion (Mechanized), 114th Infantry; the 3d Battalion, 112th Field Artillery; and the 250th Support Battalion. All units of the 50th Brigade were equipped with dated equipment such as M1IP Abrams main battle tanks, M113A1 armored personnel carriers and M109A5 self-propelled guns. The 50th Armored Brigade existed up until 2007–2008 when the brigade was upgraded and converted to a brigade combat team under the Army's new modularity program.
The 50th Armored Brigade took part in several homeland security missions after 11 September 2001. It also participated in several Global War On Terror missions before converting in 2008. The 1st Battalion, 114th Infantry took part in the Sinai Multi-National Force and Observers (MFO) Security Mission and was deployed for six months in 2004. The 2d Battalion, 102d Armor and the 2d Battalion, 113th Infantry deployed to Guantanamo Bay Cuba and served with the Joint Detention Operations Group as part of JTF-JDOG V. Battery B, 3d Battalion, 112th Field Artillery (augmented by soldiers from the 5th Squadron, 117th Cavalry)deployed to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom II as an "In Lieu Of" Military Police Company. Batteries A and C deployed to Germany in 2004 as provisional Military Police companies. In October 2005 elements of the brigade were activated for Operation Hurricane Katrina relief in the city of New Orleans. The 2d Battalion, 102d Armor and the 1st Battalion, 114th Infantry were called to active duty and the combined unit shipped to Louisiana to provide security for FEMA. The brigade arrived at Belle Chase Naval Air Station and from there was forward deployed to the New Orleans Convention Center. From there the elements of the 42nd Infantry Division sent teams to various parts of the city on various missions of security ranging from roving patrol to security escort for the New Orleans Fire Department and various other relief agencies. In 2006, and again in 2007, the brigade sent composite teams from across its component units as embedded trainers and advisors for the Afghan National Army.
The force structure of the Brigade was changed in 2008 when the conversion to the 50th IBCT occurred. The new force structure now consists of the 1st Squadron, 102nd Cavalry Regiment, the 1st Battalion (Light), 114th Infantry Regiment, the 2nd Battalion (Light), 113th Infantry Regiment, the 3d Battalion, 112th Field Artillery Regiment, the Special Troops Battalion and the 250th Brigade Support Battalion. Equipment was mostly brought up to current Army standards and all heavy assets were given up.
In June 2008, 26 company-sized elements of the 50th IBCT were mobilized and trained at Fort Bliss, Texas, before being separately deployed to Iraq for the 2008–2009 rotation of Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF). The deployment of these 50th IBCT elements brought the total number of NJ National Guard Soldiers sent to Iraq and Afghanistan to over 3,200. The 50th IBCT units were mobilized for one year, including stateside training and “boots on the ground” in theater. The 50th IBCT units conducted a variety of important missions in Iraq. Premobilization training began in 2007 and took place in New Jersey and Fort Indian Town Gap, Pennsylvania, with further OIF-specific preparations conducted at Fort Bliss, TX. Originally slated to deploy to Iraq in 2010, the 50th IBCT units deployed earlier to compensate for the changes needed to comply with new Department of Defense (DoD) policies. Earlier in 2007, the DoD had reduced the amount of time units spend overseas in a combat theater, which in turn shifted mobilization schedules and required earlier deployments than anticipated. The units of the 50th Infantry Brigade Combat Team were welcomed home by family and friends with a parade through Trenton, NJ on 12 June 2009, after almost a year-long tour of Iraq. The brigade units, led by their commander, Colonel Steve Ferrari, were welcomed by Governor Jon Corzine.
Campaign participation credit.
World War I
-Meuse-Argonne
-Alsace 1918
World War II
-Northern France
-Rhineland
-Ardennes-Alsace
-Central Europe

</doc>
<doc id="18269713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269713" title="Four-Mod">
Four-Mod

Four-Mod (โฟร์-มด) is a Thai pop duo consisting of two girls, Four and Mod, formed in 2005.
In 2004, Four Mod released their debut single/song "Hai Jai Pen Tur", which stayed at number one for several weeks, ensuring their debut success. Since then, they have been releasing a string of consecutive number one hits.
History.
Their debut single "Hai Jai Pen Tur" was a success. Their second single, "Love Love", was even more successful, debuting at number one and staying atop for various weeks, and the album had similar success. Their third single, "Dek Mee Ban Haa," was just as successful, and they released a third album, a mini album titled "Woo!".
In 2012, Mod joined popular project group Seven Days as part of its second generation members.

</doc>
<doc id="18269717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269717" title="Live in Tokyo (Public Image Limited album)">
Live in Tokyo (Public Image Limited album)

Live in Tokyo is a 1983 live album released by Public Image Ltd as a 2-EP 45 RPM set. It was issued by Columbia Records in Japan and later reissued by Virgin Records in the UK and reached #28 on the British charts. A single-LP 33 RPM edition was later issued by Elektra Records in the US. 
A 35-minute live videocassette from the same series of concerts was also issued by Columbia Records in Japan under the title "Live '83.""
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
Side Three 
Side Four

</doc>
<doc id="18269719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269719" title="Helge Limburg">
Helge Limburg

Helge Limburg (born 25.October 1982 in Hanover) is a German politician of the Green Party. He is the youngest member of the Lower Saxon parliament. 
School and studies.
After his final secondary-school examinations in 2002 at the Campe-Gymnasium in Holzminden, Limburg did his civilian service at a care station for elderly people in Bevern-Stadtoldendorf.
In October 2003 Limburg started to study law with focus on employment and social law at the University of Bremen. He finished his first state examination in May 2008.
International experience.
In August 2003 Limburg attended a workcamp of the Service Civil International e.V. in Nablus (West Bank), later in September 2003 he worked at a children’s home in Beit Jala.
In February 2005 Limburg started a trip to India, where he did a business internship at the Symrise Cooperation and he spent some weeks as a guest student at the Delhi High Court.
From September 2005 to January 2006 Limburg spent a semester abroad at Yeditepe University in Istanbul. There he focused his studies on European and International law.
Politics.
Helge Limburg was active in politics from an early age. From 2001 to 2005 he was in the board of the local Greens in Holzminden. From 2002 to 2004 he was member of the board of Young Greens in Lower Saxony and from 2006 to 2007 he was spokesperson of Lower Saxons Young Greens. 
In 2004 Limburg founded CampusGrün, a group of political active students in Bremen and was one of their first spokespersons.
Since the election of the state parliament of Lower Saxony at January 27, 2008, Limburg is a member of the parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18269753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269753" title="Gibbs Museum of Pioneer and Dakotah Life">
Gibbs Museum of Pioneer and Dakotah Life

The Gibbs Museum of Pioneer and Dakotah Life is a farm located at 2097 West Larpenteur Avenue, Falcon Heights, Minnesota, United States. The site was the home of Heman Gibbs and Jane DeBow, first built in 1854; the existing farmhouse includes the small, original cabin.
The museum seeks to educate visitors on the lives of 19th century Minnesota pioneers and the Dakotah people (also called Dakota) who lived in southern Minnesota before the arrival of Europeans.
Description.
An open-air museum, the Gibbs Museum features an original farmhouse, barn, and school house, as well as a replica sod house, bark lodge, and tipi with replica Dakotah furniture, clothing and tools.
The objects in the farmhouse date from the mid-19th century on and are part of the Ramsey County Historical Society collection; those belonging to the Gibbs family are featured in the house tour. Objects of particular interest include a family hair wreath, original wallpaper, a concealed murphy bed and various other original artifacts.
The museum grounds offer visitors a natural Minnesota prairie as it would have looked like in the 19th Century as well as a Dakotah medicine teaching garden (the turtle garden), Dakotah vegetable garden, pioneer vegetable garden, a heritage apple orchard and farm animals.
In 1974 the farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The listing consists of the farmhouse and barn, as the other museum structures are not original to the site.
History.
The museum focuses on the story of Jane Gibbs (born Jane DeBow), who was abducted at age five from her home near Batavia, NY in 1835 by the Stevensons, a missionary family. They brought her West to live among the Dakotah people near Fort Snelling, Lake Calhoun and Lake Harriet where Jane attended the missionary school with the Dakotah children and learned to speak their language. She developed a close relationship with the Dakotah and was given the name "Zitkadan Usawin" (Little Bird that was Caught).
She moved with the Stevensons to Illinois where Jane met and married Heman Gibbs in Galena in 1848. They returned to Minnesota in 1849 and bought the land that would eventually become the Gibbs Museum of Pioneer and Dakotah Life in 1849.
Shortly after buying the land, Jane and Heman discovered an Indian trail running through it. Soon they found some of the same Dakotah who Jane had grown up with used the trail on their annual migration North to their wild ricing, hunting and fishing grounds in present day Forest Lake, Minnesota.
Each year the Dakotah band would stop at the Gibbs farm for up to three weeks to visit with Jane and her family before continuing their journey.
Sod house.
After buying the land in 1849, Jane and Heman Gibbs built a small, one-room, dug-out sod house where they lived for 5 years while farming the land. The house was 10'x12' and built with logs and featured a sod roof. This design kept the house well insulated in the winter and cool in the summer.
The original location was next to the farm house and was excavated in 1995. Now a replica built from the architectural investigation stands in the prairie.
Farmhouse.
In 1854 Jane and Heman built a one-room farmhouse just a few yards away from their sod house. It stayed a one-room house for 13 years, providing shelter for the five Gibbs children: Ida (adopted), Abbie, William, Frank and Lillie.
In 1867 the house was enlarged to meet the space needs of the family. The one-room house became an eight-room farm house as big and modern as any in the area. The enlarged house featured a parlor, six bedrooms, the hired men's room (called the "Pen"), and a summer kitchen.
School house.
Heman Gibbs was an educated man and believed in education for his own children and those in the area. In 1871 he sold the land across the street for a schoolhouse and while it was being built he allowed class to be held in the farm house. The Gibbs family also boarded the teacher in their house.
The schoolhouse on the museum grounds today is not the original Heman was instrumental in getting built. This one was built around the same time near Milan, Minnesota, and represents the typical pioneer one-room schoolhouse.
The school house was bought in 1966 for $100 by the Ramsey County Historical Society and had to make the journey to the Gibbs Museum of Pioneer and Dakotah life between the hours of 9am–3pm while avoiding all major highways or roads.

</doc>
<doc id="18269755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269755" title="Bridgeview/Greenlawn, Baltimore">
Bridgeview/Greenlawn, Baltimore

Bridgeview/Greenlawn is a neighborhood in the western part of Baltimore, Maryland. Its boundaries are the north side of West Lafayette Street, the east side of Braddish Avenue, the west side of North Monroe Street, and the south side of Presstman Street. The neighborhood lies in the vicinity of Walbrook Junction, Coppin State University, Sandtown-Winchester, and Edmondson Village. Though the area was once considered middle-class, it has in the last century experienced economic depression, housing abandonment, crime and gang problems. It is populated largely by lower income African American residents and is a neighborhood where Bloods gang members are concentrated.

</doc>
<doc id="18269785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269785" title="Crookham Common">
Crookham Common

Crookham Common is a common adjoining the hamlet of Crookham in the English county of Berkshire and within the civil parish of Greenham. It is located at the eastern perimeter of the RAF Greenham Common complex.

</doc>
<doc id="18269809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269809" title="Nalband, Armenia">
Nalband, Armenia

Nalband is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18269810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269810" title="Nahapetavan">
Nahapetavan

Nahapetavan (, also Romanized as Nagapetavan; until 1935, Khachakilisa, from 1935 to 1961, Paros) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia. The town was renamed in 1961 in honor of Nagapet (or Nahapet) Kurghinian, a participant in the Bolshevik uprising in May 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18269812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269812" title="28th parallel south">
28th parallel south

The 28th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 28 degrees south of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses the Atlantic Ocean, Africa, the Indian Ocean, Australasia, the Pacific Ocean and South America.
Around the world.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 28° south passes through:

</doc>
<doc id="18269815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269815" title="Joie Ray (athlete)">
Joie Ray (athlete)

Joie W. Ray (1894–1978) was an American track and field athlete and member of the United States National Track and Field Hall of Fame. He held world records for the and distances. He represented the United States in the three Olympic Games held the 1920s, earning a bronze medal for the 3000 m team race in 1924.
Biography.
Ray was born in Kankakee, Illinois, on April 13, 1894. Early in his career, the and runner—considered short and stocky—competed for the Illinois Athletic Club. Ray was nicknamed "The Kankakee Kid", after his hometown, and "Chesty" or "Chesty Joie" after a newspaper, early in his career, called him "a chesty little guy with a great heart". Ray was considered one of the most versatile distance runners of the 1920s, competing in races from the 1500 metres to marathons. Among his 13 national AAU titles were 8 outdoor mile titles. Ray won the Millrose Games' Wannamaker 1½-mile (2400 m) race (which changed to the Wanamaker Mile in 1926) seven times in the eight-year span from 1917 to 1924, losing in 1925 to Paavo Nurmi of Finland. Later that same year he tied the indoor mile world record at 4 minutes 12 seconds, and was part of a 4 × 1-mile (4 × 1.6 km) relay that set a world record.
Ray competed for the United States in the 1920 Summer Olympics at Antwerp, placing 8th in the 1500 metre race. In the 1924 Games in Paris, Ray competed in only the 3000 metre team race for which he won a bronze medal. In the 1928 Olympics he placed 14th in the 10000 metres and 5th in the marathon. Though Ray's Olympic results were lackluster, he won over 950 medals in his career. His favorite career moment was his first Boston Marathon in 1928. He finished third despite considerable pain for the last two miles (3.2 km).
In the 1920s, when not competing in running events, Ray was a cab driver, and also competed in other events, dabbling in boxing, roller derby, and snowshoe races in Canada. He preceded his third-place finish in the 1928 Boston Marathon by competing in a dance marathon for 1,730 hours. Later in life, Ray worked in a steel mill in Gary, Indiana, moving to Michigan after retiring.
Ray continued to run throughout his life. At age 68, he was timed at 6:18.3 on a course, a time he bettered on his 70th birthday, with a time of 6:11.5. Ray was elected to the U.S. National Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1976. Ray died on 13 May 1978 in Berrien Springs, Michigan, after a short illness.

</doc>
<doc id="18269818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269818" title="Navur">
Navur

Navur () is a village located in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18269820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269820" title="Neghots">
Neghots

Neghots (, also romanized as Negots) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18269824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269824" title="Nerkin-Chambarak">
Nerkin-Chambarak

Nerkin-Chambarak (also, Nizhniy Chambarak) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18269873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269873" title="Aknaghbyur">
Aknaghbyur

Aknaghbyur (; until 1967, Nerkin Agdan and Nerkin Aghdan, Russified as Nizhniy Agdan, from 1967 to 1970, Morut) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia. Aknaghbyur was founded in 451 in honor of Vartan Mamikonian and is one of Armenia’s oldest rural communities. In recent years, ArmeniaFund has launched and completed several vital projects on the infrastructure of the town, such as the construction of a gas pipeline and an irrigation system and the renovation of the drinking-water system.

</doc>
<doc id="18269878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269878" title="Anthony Crockett">
Anthony Crockett

Phillip Anthony Crockett (23 August 1945 – 30 June 2008) was a Welsh Anglican Bishop of Bangor from 2004 until his death from prostate cancer in 2008. 
Crockett was educated at Pontypridd Grammar School and King's College London before beginning his ordained ministry. He was ordained in 1971 and was a curate at Aberdare and Whitchurch (Cardiff). From 1978 to 1986 he was Vicar of Llanafan y Trawsgoed then Rector of Dowlai before eight years as the Secretary of the Board of Ministry of the Church in Wales. A fluent Welsh speaker, his final post before his ordination to the episcopate was as Archdeacon of Carmarthen (1999-2004).
Crockett was the first divorced person in the United Kingdom to be appointed as a bishop in a mainstream church, amidst some controversy. In 1985 he separated from his first wife, with whom he had three children, and remarried Caroline Ann Owen (born 1959) in 1999. He ordained his second wife in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18269885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269885" title="1983–84 Liverpool F.C. season">
1983–84 Liverpool F.C. season

The 1983–84 season was the 92nd season in Liverpool F.C.'s existence, and their 21st consecutive year in the top-flight.
It was Liverpool's first season under the management of Joe Fagan, who was promoted from the coaching staff after the retirement of Bob Paisley, their manager of the last nine seasons who had won at least one major trophy in all but the first of his seasons as manager (including six league titles and three European Cups). Fagan's first season as manager ended with Liverpool becoming the first team in England to win three major trophies in the same season as they won the league title, European Cup and League Cup. They beat Roma on penalties to win the European Cup for the fourth time (their sixth European trophy win overall), and defeated Merseyside rivals Everton in the League Cup final replay, and fought off a challenge from the likes of Southampton, Nottingham Forest, Manchester United and Queen's Park Rangers to win their 15th league title.
The undoubted star of the season was striker Ian Rush, who scored 32 goals in the league and 47 in all competitions.
It was the last season at the club for midfielder Graeme Souness, who was sold to Italian side Sampdoria at the end of the campaign.
Events of the season.
August
Bob Paisley, the most successful manager in English football, retired as Liverpool's manager at the end of the 1982-83 season after nine glorious years at the helm. His successor was 62-year-old "boot room" veteran Joe Fagan.
The Fagan era began with the FA Charity Shield at Wembley Stadium on 20 August 1983. Liverpool, defending league champions, lost 2-0 in front of a 92,000 crowd, with Bryan Robson scoring both of the goals for FA Cup winners Manchester United. The league campaign began unspectacularly seven days later with a 1-1 draw at newly promoted Wolverhampton Wanderers.
September
Liverpool's bid for a fourth European Cup triumph began on 14 September with a 1-0 away win in the first round first leg over Danish champions Odense. Qualification for the next stage was confirmed two weeks later when the Reds won 5-0 in the return leg at Anfield.
They had a decent month in the league as well, finishing the month in fourth place behind West Ham United, Manchester United and Southampton.
October
October saw Liverpool's League Cup quest begin in the second round, where they eliminated Third Division Brentford by a comfortable margin. Their European Cup campaign thrown into question with a goalless home draw with Atletico Bilbao of Spain in the second round first leg, leaving them to need at least a score draw in the return leg in order to progress to the quarter-finals. In the league, however, excellent wins over West Ham United and Luton Town helped them to attain second place as the month drew to a close, two points short of leaders Manchester United. As well as the surprise challenge from West Ham United, they also had a race for the title mounting from fellow London side QPR, who like West Ham had never won the title before, but were also playing their first top division season since promotion the previous campaign.
November
November was a rocky month for the Reds. They did manage to dispose of Atletico Bilbao in the European Cup, but were held to two draws by Fulham in the League Cup third round, finally winning the second replay. They did, however, climb to the top of the First Division, though the challenge from West Ham United and Manchester United remained intense, while a surprise challenge was springing from Tottenham Hostpur and unfashionable Luton Town - the latter who had been on the receiving end of a 6-0 demolition (and five goals by Ian Rush) by the Reds a month earlier.
December
10 December 1983 brought one of the most embarrassing defeats ever inflicted on Liverpool Football Club. They travelled to Highfield Road for a First Division clash with a Coventry City side who were emerging as surprise title challengers under young manager Bobby Gould, and found themselves on the receiving end of a 4-0 defeat. However, they pulled together the following weekend to demolish Notts County 5-0 at Anfield, and entered 1984 still in pole position and three points ahead of their nearest rivals Manchester United.
The League Cup quest continued with a replay win over Birmingham City in the fourth round.
January
The first Liverpool game of 1984 was a 1-1 home draw with Manchester United in the league, billed by many as a championship decider - the outcome of which left the top two unchanged. The FA Cup quest began with a 4-0 home win over a Newcastle United led by former Liverpool striker Kevin Keegan, but ended later in the month with a shock 2-0 defeat at the hands of the previous season's losing finalists Brighton & Hove Albion. They also achieved a League Cup quarter-final replay win over Sheffield Wednesday, like Keegan's Newcastle on the way to promotion to the First Division. There was a real chance of a treble this season.
February
Liverpool maintained top place in the First Division throughout February. In the League Cup semi-finals, they were held to a surprise 2-2 draw by Third Division minnows Walsall in the first leg at Anfield before winning the return leg 2-0 at Fellows Park, to secure a place in the League Cup final a month later against Merseyside rivals Everton, who were on a run in the cup competitions despite dismal league form which had seen repeated calls from fans for manager Howard Kendall to be sacked.
March
March saw Liverpool seal their first trophy of the season when they won 1-0 in the final replay at Maine Road on 28 March 1984, three days after the first game saw them draw 0-0 with Everton at Wembley Stadium. The European adventure resumed with an excellent 5-1 aggregate win over Portuguese champions Benfica. They were still going strong in the league as well, and by the end of March only Manchester United (two points behind them) were looking able to catch them.
April
A succession of wins could have wrapped up Liverpool's 15th league title before the end of April, but a shock defeat to relegation threatened Stoke City and a 3-3 draw with Leicester City meant that April ended with Liverpool still just two points ahead of Manchester United with four games remaining. And a late surge from QPR and Southampton suggested that the title might not end up at Anfield or Old Trafford.
Liverpool reached their fourth European Cup final by eliminated Dinamo Bucharest in the semi-finals.
May
May 1984 was one of the most glorious months ever experienced by Liverpool Football Club, but it began with a result that suggested the month could turn out to be one of the most disappointing. A goalless draw at relegation threatened Birmingham City (who soon went down thanks to a late escape act by Stoke City) could have been enough for Liverpool to lose their lead to Manchester United on goal difference, but Ron Atkinson's side also managed only a draw that weekend, and there was still a mathematical chance of either QPR or Southampton winning the title.
Two days after the scare in the midlands, another midland side - Coventry City - took on Liverpool, this time at Anfield. Any talk of a repeat of the December humiliation at Highfield Road was quickly silenced as the Reds crushed the Sky Blues 5-0 (with Ian Rush scoring four goals and pushing them to the edge of the relegation zone just five months after they had been pushing for the title) and opened up a five-point lead to a Manchester United side who were beaten by Nottingham Forest on the same day. Southampton were now the only side other than Manchester United who could catch Liverpool, but the Reds only needed two points from their final two games to be sure of the title.
Liverpool drew their penultimate league game of the season with doomed Notts County at Meadow Lane, but Manchester United and Southampton were only able to draw their games as well - meaning that Liverpool had become only the third English club to win three successive league titles.
The championship trophy was presented to the club on 15 May 1984 after the final league game of the season - a 1-1 draw with Norwich City at Anfield.
The European Cup final was played on 30 May 1984. Veteran defender Phil Neal put the Reds ahead against AS Roma at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome, but the Italians later equalised to force a 1-1 draw which remained the score as full-time and then extra time loomed. The match went to a penalty shoot-out, which the Reds won 4-2, becoming the first English club to win three major trophies in the same season. It was their fourth European Cup triumph - a record only bettered by Real Madrid who won it six times between 1956 and 1966.
Results.
League Cup.
Final
Replay
European Cup.
Final

</doc>
<doc id="18269888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269888" title="Nerkin Bazmaberd">
Nerkin Bazmaberd

Nerkin Bazmaberd (, also Romanized as Nerqin Bazmaberd; formerly, Agdzhakala, Aghjaghala, Nerkin Agdzhakala, and Nizhnyaya Agdzhakala) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The population descends from refugees from Western Armenia (occupied by Turkey) in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="18269893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269893" title="List of Washington Capitals draft picks">
List of Washington Capitals draft picks

This is a complete list of ice hockey players who were drafted in the National Hockey League Entry Draft by the Washington Capitals franchise. It includes every player who was drafted, regardless of whether they played for the team.
Drafts.
"Note: Stats are updated through the end of the 2012–13 season"

</doc>
<doc id="18269894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269894" title="Nerkin Charbakh">
Nerkin Charbakh

Nerkin Charbakh (also, Nerkin Ch’arbakh and Nizhniy Charbakh) is a part of Shengavit District in Yerevan, Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18269901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269901" title="Nerkin Dzhrapi">
Nerkin Dzhrapi

Nerkin Dzhrapi (also, Chirpili, Jrapi, and Dzhrapi) is a former town in the Shirak Province of Armenia which was intentionally flooded by the Akhurian reservoir. It contained an 11th-century caravanserai and a medieval bridge across the Akhuryan River; the river demarcates the Armenian-Turkish border.

</doc>
<doc id="18269908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269908" title="Nerkin Giratagh">
Nerkin Giratagh

Nerkin Giratagh (), is an abandoned village in the Syunik Province of Armenia. 
History.
Nerkin Giratagh was formerly part of the rural community of Verin Giratagh, which was merged into the community of Lernadzor. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported that Nerqin Giratagh was uninhabited at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18269915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269915" title="Bargushat">
Bargushat

Bargushat (, formerly Nerkin Gyodaklu, Ներքին Գյոդաքլու) is a village in the rural community of Syunik in the Syunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18269920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269920" title="Nerqin Hand">
Nerqin Hand

Nerqin Hand (, also Romanized as Nerkin Hand and Nerk’in Hand, Nerqin Hand, and Nerkin And) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 78 in 2010, down from 113 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18269924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269924" title="List of people with surname Jones">
List of people with surname Jones

Jones is a surname common in the English-speaking world. This list provides links to biographies of people who share this common surname.

</doc>
<doc id="18269929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269929" title="Nerkin Kamarlu">
Nerkin Kamarlu

Nerkin Kamarlu (also, Nerk’in Kamarlu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18269937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269937" title="Nerkin Karmiraghbyur">
Nerkin Karmiraghbyur

Nerkin Karmiraghbyur (, also Romanized as Nerk’in Karmiraghbyur, Nerki-Karmirakhpyur, Nerkin Karmirakhpyur, Nerqin Karmir aghpyur, and Nerkin Karmiraghpyur; Russified as Nizhniy Karmragbyur) is a village in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18269944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269944" title="Nerkin Khatunarkh">
Nerkin Khatunarkh

Nerkin Khatunarkh (also, Nizhniy Khatunarkh) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18269956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269956" title="Nerqin Khndzoresk">
Nerqin Khndzoresk

Nerqin Khndzoresk (, also Romanized as Nerkin Khndzoresk) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 321 in 2010, up from 184 at the 2001 census.
Overview.
Nerqin Khndzoresk, a border village in South-East Armenia, lies in Armenia’s Syunik Marz region. The small village is located 21 km from Goris off the Stepanakert highway. The village lies 7 km from the upper Khndzoresk village connected by farm fields and one bumpy dirt road. The remote village is positioned below the larger village and surrounded by rolling hills, gorges, and scenic mountains.
Population and infrastructure.
The village of Nerqin Khndzoresk has approximately 320 people. The majority of the population is of Armenian descent, while the minority is Azerbaijian refugees who settled in the area after fleeing Azerbaijan during the war. The citizens are Armenian Apostolic Christians speaking Armenian and often Russian. The area is impoverished with little employment outside of self-sufficient farming and gardening. Substance farming and animal breeding are the main sources of livelihood. Throughout the village the social relationships are harmonious and the area is not segregated by class or occupation.
History.
The village was founded in 1983 as a result of resizing of the bigger village of Khndzoresk. After the creation of Khndzoresk, Nerqin was established to strengthen the southeastern borders of Armenia and was strategically placed below the larger village to prevent enemies from attacking. However, any expansion and maintenance of the area ceased after the fall of the Soviet Union.
Education.
The village has one school and one kindergarten. Nerqin Khndzoresk Secondary School has approximately 50 students, small but quite beautiful. The school is surrounded by swaying, tall grass fields, sunflowers, and fruit bearing trees. The school was founded on March 10, 1989. The classes began in small cottages and continued to be held in modest areas until the renovation of the school in 2004. The school contains all grades (forms) 1-12. The class sizes range from 1 student to 9 students. The following subjects are taught: Armenian, Armenian Literature, Russian, Russian Literature, English, History, Armenian History, Armenian Church History, Math, Algebra, Geometry, Strategy, Biology, Physical Education, Art, Music, Healthy Lifestyles, Law, and Geography. School begins September 1 and goes through May 25th. The school’s vacation schedule is consistent with that of the rest of Armenia:
The daily school schedule begins at 9 am and ends at 3 pm with 5-minute breaks between each class and one 15-minute break after the third lesson. There are generally up to 6 classes within a day. Classes are attended Monday through Saturday, and Sunday off.
Climate.
The village has four distinct seasons. The summertime is generally quite hot, dry, and relatively humid. The fall often brings thick fog and rain. The winters are mild. The spring is relatively warm with lots of rain. The weather allows for a plethora of fruits and vegetables to be grown throughout the community. Most citizens have large gardens containing the following, but not limited to: potatoes, cucumber, tomato, squash, green beans, garlic, onion, peppers, cabbage, greens, sunflowers, apples, grapes, pineapples, cherries, plums, figs, apricots, pears, peach, watermelon, melon.

</doc>
<doc id="18269962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269962" title="Provident Hospital (Chicago)">
Provident Hospital (Chicago)

Provident Hospital, the first Black-owned and operated hospital in America, was established in Chicago in 1891 by Dr. Daniel Hale Williams an African American surgeon during the time in American history where few public or private medical facilities were open to Black citizens. Though the historic Provident Hospital was forced to close in 1987 due to financial difficulties, it reopened in 1993 as part of Cook County's Bureau of Health Services to provide services to residents of Chicago's south side. It is now known as Provident Hospital of Cook County.
Alton Abraham, the social entrepreneur associated with Sun Ra worked here.

</doc>
<doc id="18269966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269966" title="Nerqin Khotanan">
Nerqin Khotanan

Nerqin Khotanan (, also Romanized as Nerk’in Khotanan and Nerkin Khotanan; Russified as Nizhniy Khotanan) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 70 in 2010, down from 101 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18269976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269976" title="Nerkin Nedzhirlu">
Nerkin Nedzhirlu

Nerkin Nedzhirlu (also, Nedzhirlu and Nizhneye Nedzhirlu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18269985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269985" title="Nerkin Sasnashen">
Nerkin Sasnashen

Nerkin Sasnashen (); formerly known as "Nerkin Karakoymaz" and "Nerkin Sasunashen", is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. It is home to the ruins of a 7th-century Armenian monastery. The village contains a granite memorial marking the crash site of a United States Air Force C-130 shot down by a Soviet MiG on 2 September 1958, in which 17 US personnel were lost.

</doc>
<doc id="18269990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18269990" title="Nerkin Shengavit">
Nerkin Shengavit

Nerkin Shengavit (also, Nerkin Shengavit’) is a part of Shengavit District in Yerevan, Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270000" title="Nerkin Shorzha">
Nerkin Shorzha

Nerkin Shorzha (; also Romanized as Nerkin Shorja and Nerk’in Shorzha; Russified as Nizhnyaya Shorzha) is a small hamlet in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. Nerkin Shorzha and nearby Verin Shorzha are both reached by a short drive from Ayrk.

</doc>
<doc id="18270006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270006" title="Don E. Detmer">
Don E. Detmer

Don E. Detmer, MD, MA, FACMI, FACS is Professor Emeritus and Professor of Medical Education at the University of Virginia and Visiting Professor at CHIME, University College of London. 
Biography and career.
Don Detmer chaired the 1991 study, "The Computer-based Patient Record".He was a member of the committee that developed the IOM Reports, "To Err is Human"[http://www.nap.edu/openbook.php?isbn=0309068371 and "Crossing the Quality Chasm."[http://books.nap.edu/openbook.php?isbn=0309072808] From 1999-2003 he was the Dennis Gillings Professor of Health Management at Cambridge University and is a lifetime member of Clare Hall College, Cambridge.
Considered to be a mover of the US National Health Information Infrastructure, Dr. Detmer has also been a consultant to the government of England and the Hospital Authority of Hong Kong. Prior to the years in England, he was Vice President for Health Sciences at the Universities of Virginia and Utah. While at Virginia he led implementation of a physician order entry system and was principal investigator of its IAIMS grant. While at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, he developed the nation’s first Administrative Medicine Program, a Master’s degree program for clinician-executives. As a surgeon, he was instrumental in the adoption and development of ambulatory surgery in the early 1970s and was team physician for the Wisconsin Badgers for ten years while also serving as President of the Medical Staff. He won a UW–Madison Chancellor’s Distinguished Teaching Award.
Detmer was appointed as President and CEO of the American Medical Informatics Association in 2004 until 2009 when he became Senior Advisor to AMIA until 2011.
Detmer's education includes a medical degree from the University of Kansas with subsequent training at the National Institutes of Health, the Johns Hopkins Hospital, Duke University Medical Center, the Institute of Medicine, and Harvard Business School. His MA is from the University of Cambridge. 
Don's research interests include national health information policy, quality improvement, administrative medicine, vascular surgery, sports medicine, and management of academic health centers. He has written and edited a number of research articles, books, book chapters, and monographs on these topics. He enjoys grandchildren, horse riding, fly-fishing, reading biographies, and various crafts.
Advisory Activities.
Don Detmer is a former trustee of the Nuffield Trust, a member of the Institute of Medicine as well as a lifetime Associate of the US National Academies, a fellow of AAAS, and the American Colleges of Medical Informatics, Sports Medicine, and Surgeons. He founded the Blue Ridge Academic Health Group and co-chaired it through 2011. He chairs the board of Medbiquitous. He was on the steering committee of a policy report for the Office of the National Coordinator on Health Information Technology to create a national framework for clinical decision support.
Dr. Detmer is past chairman of the Board on Health Care Services of the IOM, the National Committee on Vital and Health Statistics, and the Board of Regents of the National Library of Medicine. He was a Commissioner on the Commission on Systemic Interoperability.[http://endingthedocumentgame.gov/] In 2013 he stepped down from his position as the inaugural Medical Director for Advocacy and Health Policy of the American College of Surgeons.

</doc>
<doc id="18270011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270011" title="Dashtadem, Aragatsotn">
Dashtadem, Aragatsotn

Dashtadem (; formerly, Nerkin Talin; Russified as Nizhniy Talin; both meaning "lower Talin") is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The town contains a large fortress dating to the 10th century but substantially rebuilt in the 19th century along with a chapel dedicated to Saint Sargis also dating to the 10th century. The fortress keep contains a dedicatory Arabic inscription in Kufic letters attributing the structure to Sultan ibn Mahmud (Shahanshah), one of the Shaddadids, and dated to 1174. The town also contains also ruins of a medieval caravanserai, and stone age obsidian workshops. Nearby, lies the restored 7th century Kristapori Vank.

</doc>
<doc id="18270020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270020" title="Niavan">
Niavan

Niavan (also, Yamandzhalu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270027" title="Nigatun">
Nigatun

Nigatun (); formerly known as Kalacha, is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. It is part of the Artashavan community.

</doc>
<doc id="18270030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270030" title="Nigavan">
Nigavan

Nigavan (; until 1947, Danagirmaz and Damagermaz; from 1947-1967, Ovit and Hovit) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The town has a cyclopean fort.

</doc>
<doc id="18270033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270033" title="Nizami, Armenia">
Nizami, Armenia

Nizami () is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia. The town is named for the poet Nizami Ganjevi.

</doc>
<doc id="18270040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270040" title="Nor Amanos">
Nor Amanos

Nor Amanos (; until 1984, Sovkhoz #2; also formerly, Nor Yedesia) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The town started as a sovkhoz (collective farm).

</doc>
<doc id="18270044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270044" title="Nor Arabkir">
Nor Arabkir

Nor Arabkir (also, Arabkir) is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270051" title="Nor Aresh">
Nor Aresh

Nor Aresh (also, Posëlok Zakfederatsii) is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270057" title="Nor Armavir">
Nor Armavir

Nor Armavir (, meaning "New Armavir") is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270060" title="Nor Artamet">
Nor Artamet

Nor Artamet () is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270063" title="Nor Artik">
Nor Artik

Nor Artik () is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270072" title="Nor Aznaberd">
Nor Aznaberd

Nor Aznaberd (; formerly Verin Aznaberd, Itkran, Gyulistan, Gyulist and Gulistan) is a hamlet in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia. The population of Nor Aznaberd migrated from Aznaberd village of Nakhichevan. Aznaberd was the only Armenian inhabited village in Nakhichevan in 1980s. The villagers called the hamlet Nor Aznaberd (meaning "New Aznaberd" in Armenian), referring to their origin. South of this location are the ruins of a fortress.

</doc>
<doc id="18270076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270076" title="Getik, Gegharkunik">
Getik, Gegharkunik

Getik (; formerly, Nor Bashgyukh meaning "new chief village") is a small village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. The village was founded in 1922 and has megalithic monuments, khachkars and an Iron Age cyclopean fort by the name of "Mughani Khach".

</doc>
<doc id="18270080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270080" title="St. Stephen's Episcopal Church (Casselton, North Dakota)">
St. Stephen's Episcopal Church (Casselton, North Dakota)

The former St. Stephen's Episcopal Church also known as St. Stephen's Church, is an historic stone Gothic Revival-style Episcopal church building located on the southeast corner of 3rd Avenue and 5th Street in Casselton, North Dakota, United States. Built in 1886, it was designed by British-born Fargo architect George Hancock and built by stonemason Nathaniel McConomy. It was consecrated in August, 1887, and shared ministers with the Old Stone Church (Calvary Episcopal) in Buffalo for many years. After the congregation dwindled, the building was sold in 1950 to the Casselton Mennonite Church, which worshiped in it until 2002, when the building was closed again. In 2004, the Mennonite congregation donated the church to the Casselton Heritage Center, Inc., which now operates it as a community center. On December 3, 1992, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="18270084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270084" title="Nor Butaniya">
Nor Butaniya

Nor Butaniya (also, Nor-Bataniya and Nor Byut’ania) is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270092" title="Nor Gyugh">
Nor Gyugh

Nor Gyugh (, also Romanized as Nor Gyukh; formerly, Tazagyukh) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia. 'Nor Gyugh' translates as 'New Village' in English.

</doc>
<doc id="18270101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270101" title="Xie Fei">
Xie Fei

Xie Fei may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18270102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270102" title="Nor Kharberd">
Nor Kharberd

Nor Kharberd () is a major village in the Ararat Province of Armenia, located 4 kilometers south of Yerevan. About half of the population are Yazidis.

</doc>
<doc id="18270112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270112" title="Nor Kokhp">
Nor Kokhp

Nor Kokhp (also, Nor-Kokhb) is a town in the Yerevan region of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270115" title="Nor Kyank, Shirak">
Nor Kyank, Shirak

Nor Kyank (, also Romanized as Nor Kyank’ and Nor Kyanq; formerly, Machidli) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270125" title="Nor Kyank, Ararat">
Nor Kyank, Ararat

Nor Kyank (, also Romanized as Nor Kyanq) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270127" title="Nor Kyurin">
Nor Kyurin

Nor Kyurin (, also Romanized as Nor Kurin) is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia. Nor Kyurin means New Kyurin, pronounced or [gyrin in Western Armenian. It was named after the city of Gürün, which is known as Gurin or Gyurin to Armenians (TAO: Կիւրին, RAO: Կյուրին) and had a significant Armenian population up until the Armenian genocide.

</doc>
<doc id="18270131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270131" title="Nor Malatia">
Nor Malatia

Nor Malatia (also, Nor Malat’ia and Malatiya) is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270139" title="Nork-Marash district">
Nork-Marash district

Nork-Marash () is a district of Yerevan, the capital of Armenia. It is located to the east of the city centre. It is bordered by the Kentron district form the west and the north, Nor Nork from the east and Erebuni from the south. The name of the district is derived from the Nork neighbourhood of Yerevan and the ancient major Armenian settlement of Marash in modern-day Turkish Republic. The district is commonly devided into 2 smaller neighbourhoods: Nork and Nor Marash.
It has an area of 4.60 km² and a population of 11,300 (2011 official estimate).

</doc>
<doc id="18270143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270143" title="Nor Nork district">
Nor Nork district

Nor Nork () meaning the "New Nork", is a district of Yerevan, the capital of Armenia. It is located at the eastern part of the city. It is bordered by the districts of Nork-Marash, Kentron and Kanaker-Zeytun from the west, Avan from the north and Erebuni from the south. Kotayk Province forms the eastern border of the district.
It is commonly divided into smaller neighbourhoods including the 9 blocks of Nor Nork neighbourhood and the Bagrevand neighbourhood.

</doc>
<doc id="18270147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270147" title="Nor Yedesia">
Nor Yedesia

Nor Yedesia (, also Romanized as Nor-Yedisia and Nor Edesia; formerly, Nor Amanos) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. Nor Yedesia was a former sovkhoz (collective farm) founded in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18270149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270149" title="Nor Yerznka">
Nor Yerznka

Nor Yerznka (, also Romanized as Nor Erznka) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270151" title="Nor Zeytun">
Nor Zeytun

Nor Zeytun (also Zeytun) is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270152" title="2008–09 South Pacific cyclone season">
2008–09 South Pacific cyclone season

The 2008–09 South Pacific cyclone season began on December 1, 2008 with the formation of Tropical Disturbance 01F. This was 30 days after the season had officially begun on November 1, 2008. The season officially ended on April 30, 2009. Tropical cyclones that were between 160°E and 120°W and north of 25°S were monitored by the Fiji Meteorological Service. Those that moved south of 25°S were monitored by the Tropical Cyclone Warning Centre (TCWC) in Wellington, New Zealand.
During the season, there were 15 Tropical Disturbances with 12 of them intensifying into Tropical Depressions, which were monitored by the Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre in Nadi, Fiji, which is a part of the Fiji Meteorological Service. Only five of the Tropical Depressions intensified into Tropical Cyclones which were named Hettie, Innis, Joni, Ken, and Lin. Both Cyclone Innis and Cyclone Hettie had peak wind speeds of 75 km/h (45 mph) which made them Category One cyclones on the Australian Tropical Cyclone Intensity Scale, whilst Cyclone Ken had wind speeds of 95 km/h (60 mph). Cyclones Joni and Lin had peak wind speeds of 100 km/h (65 mph) and 110 km/h, (70 mph) respectively which made them Category 2 cyclones. Cyclone Jasper also moved into the region from the Australian basin at its peak wind speeds of 100 km/h (65 mph) which made it a Category Two cyclone. For the first time since the 1994-95 tropical cyclone season there were no tropical cyclones that developed into a Severe Tropical Cyclone, which have winds of at least 120 km/h (75 mph).
Seasonal forecasts.
During September and October 2008, both RSMC Nadi and New Zealand's National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research (NIWA) issued seasonal forecasts which contained information on how many tropical cyclones that were predicted to develop within the upcoming season. Both agencies expected that the season would see a near average amount of tropical cyclone activity within the South Pacific basin as ENSO neutral conditions were predicted to last throughout the season. As a result of these conditions, RSMC Nadi and NIWA both predicted that 5–8 tropical cyclones would exist within the basin.
Season summary.
During the 2008–09 season, fifteen Tropical disturbances passed through RSMC Nadi's area of responsibility. Of these fifteen disturbances only eleven developed into Tropical Depressions, with a further five becoming Tropical cyclones within RSMC Nadi's area of responsibility with a further three cyclones forming within the Coral sea. No Tropical Cyclone intensified into a Severe Tropical cyclones this season to the east of 160E, with only Cyclone Hamish intensifying into one to the west of 160E.
Notable Tropical depressions include Tropical Depression 04F, which caused Fiji's second worst natural disasters. Tropical Depression 08F, which intensified into Cyclone Hettie becoming the first tropical cyclone to form this season. Tropical Depression 10F brought heavy rains to Vanuatu and before making landfall on New Caledonia intensified into Category One Tropical Cyclone Innis. After it made landfall Innis became the first Tropical Depression to move into TCWC Brisbane's Area of responsibility since Cyclone Larry. Cyclones Joni and Ken both threatened the Southern Cook Islands however the only impact they had was minimal. Cyclone Jasper then moved into the region early on March 24 at peak intensity, having developed inside TCWC Brisbane's area of responsibility two days earlier. The final Tropical Depression this year to develop was Tropical Cyclone Lin near to the Lau Group of Fiji and Tonga.
Storms.
Tropical Disturbance 01F.
Ealry on December 1, RSMC Nadi reported that Tropical Disturbance 01F had formed about 750 km, (465 mi) to the north-east of Apia, American Samoa. Convection around the disturbance had been present for 24 hours, and had helped to develop a well-defined low level circulation center. The disturbance lied within an area of moderate vertical wind shear as well as a trough of low pressure. Over the next couple of days, the disturbance moved slowly towards the west before it was downgraded to an area of low pressure early on December 3.
Tropical Depression 02F.
Early on December 3, RSMC Nadi reported that a Tropical Disturbance had formed near the Southern Cook Islands and was located in a moderately sheared environment and was moving towards the southeast. Deep Convection had been present around a well-defined cyclonic circulation for the previous 24 hours. Over the next day the disturbance gradually developed with RSMC Nadi upgrading it to a Tropical Depression later that day whilst it was moving between Niue and the Southern Cook Islands. Over the next couple of days the depression gradually weakened with convection which was located in the southern and eastern quadrants became sheared and the low level circulation centre became exposed as it moved into an area of cooler sea surface temperatures. Late on December 6 RSMC Nadi issued their final advisory on the depression as it moved into TCWC Wellingtons area of responsibility and was expected to become a mid latituted low pressure system within 12 hours.
Tropical Disturbance 03F.
Late on December 10, RSMC Nadi reported that a Tropical disturbance had formed near to the western edge of their area of responsibility. The disturbance had no definite low level circulation center with convection confined to the north quadrant of the disturbance. The disturbance lied to the west of an upperlevel anticyclone and was located in an area of moderately sheared environment. Early the next day, RSMC Nadi issued their final advisory on the disturbance as it was difficult to locate the low level circulation center as there seemed to be a more dominant cyclonic circulation to the northwest of 03F which they reported might have engulfed the system.
Tropical Depression 04F.
Tropical Depression 04F formed late on January 4, as a weak tropical disturbance near to the eastern edge of RSMC Nadi's responsibility. The disturbance then rapidly organised itself sufficiently to be classified as Tropical Depression 04F early the next morning. Over the next couple of days the depression moved towards the southeast, before on January 8 as it started to bring heavy rainfall to Fiji. RSMC Nadi then issued their final advisory on it later that day, as it was now an extratropical depression. However late the next day RSMC Nadi started to reissue advisories on the depression and immediately passed primary warning responsibility for it to the Tropical Cyclone Warning Center in Wellington, who issued warnings on the depression until early on January 12 when they issued their last advisory.
Floods and mudslides caused by the depression killed at least eleven people in Fiji. Several towns and rural areas on Viti Levu were flooded.
Tropical Depression 05F.
On January 11, RSMC Nadi reported that a tropical depression had formed to the south of the Solomon Islands and was just inside TCWC Brisbane's area of responsibility, and started issuing Tropical Disturbance Summaries on it. As the depression moved into RSMC Nadi’s area of responsibility it was designated as 05F. Nadi reported at this time that whilst the depression had a low to moderate chance of forming into a tropical cyclone within 48 hours, there was an upper trough of low pressure that could provide an opportunity for the depression to either rapidly or explosively develop. Despite fair conditions, it dissipated without ever becoming a cyclone.
Tropical Depression 06F.
Late on January 19, RSMC Nadi reported that a tropical disturbance had formed in a monsoonal trough of low pressure about 940 km to the north west of Papeete, in French Polynesia. Convection was confined to the northeast of the low level circulation and was disorganised. Late the next day whilst the disturbance was moving to the east and into an area of higher vertical wind shear, RSMC Nadi upgraded the disturbance to a tropical depression despite its low level circulation centre being exposed and lying to the west of the deep convection. During the next morning as it interacted with another disturbance to the northwest the depression reached its peak wind speeds of 55 km/h, (35 mph) Over the next couple of days th depression moved towards the south before late on January 23 RSMC Nadi issued their final advisory on the depression as it was expected to become a hybird system within 24 hours.
Tropical Depression 07F.
On January 23, RSMC Nadi reported that a Tropical Depression had formed, to the southwest of American Samoa. Later that day as the Depression moved towards the east they downgraded the Depression to a Tropical Disturbance as the Low Level Circulation Center was exposed and located in an environment of moderate to strong vertical wind shear. During the morning of January 24 the Tropical Disturbance was reupgraded to a Tropical Depression and assigned the Tropical Depression the designation of 07F. Later that day the tropical depression reached its peak wind speeds of 65 km/h (40 mph). Early the next day RSMC Nadi released their final Tropical Disturbance Summary as the Tropical Depression had lost all tropical characteristics.
Tropical Cyclone Hettie.
On January 24, RSMC Nadi reported that Tropical Disturbance 08F had developed within the monsoon trough and an area of minimal vertical windshear to the north of the Fijian dependency Rotuma. During the next day the disturbance moved towards the southeast and developed into a tropical depression while it was located near Rotuma. Over the next 3 days, the depression continued to move south-eastwards between Fiji and Tonga while intensifying slowly against stronger vertical windshear. before RSMC Nadi and the JTWC reported that the depression had developed into a tropical cyclone during January 28.
Cyclone Hettie did not directly affect any inhabited land areas.
Tropical Depression 09F.
On February 1, RSMC Nadi reported that Tropical Depression 09F had developed within the monsoon trough about to the northeast of Port Vila, Vanautu.
Late on February 1, a Tropical disturbance formed about to the west of Vanuatu and was embedded in a monsoonal trough. It quickly organized itself and thus later that day, it was upgraded to Tropical Depression 09F. At this time the Low Level Circulation Center was exposed as strong vertical wind shear and deep convection was displaced to the north of Low Level Circulation Center. The next morning the JTWC reported that deep convection, was located over the western boundary, of the depression's low level circulation center. Strong shear also still existed over the system, with deep convection still being displaced to the north of the system. The next morning RSMC Nadi reported that the Low Level Circulation Center was obscured with indications of good inflow bands flowing into the depression from the north and west.
Early on February 5, RSMC Nadi issued its final advisory on the depression, as the systems low level circulation centre had become sheared and exposed. 
Tropical Cyclone Innis.
On February 13, RSMC Nadi reported that Tropical Depression 10F had developed within an active convergence zone, about halfway between Fiji and Vanuatu. Over the next 2 days the system gradually developed further as it moved westwards, before it passed over Vanautu during February 15, with hostile environmental conditions influencing the systems chances of becoming a tropical cyclone. As it left Vanuatu the system turned towards the southwest and started to move towards New Caledonia as outflow over the depression developed while bands of convection began to wrap around the centre. During February 16, as the system approached New Caledonia, RSMC Nadi noted that future prospects of the system becoming a tropical cyclone were being undermined by increasing vertical windshear and land interaction. As a result of this RSMC Nadi subsequently issued their final warning on the system, however early the next day RSMC Nadi started to reissue warnings after the system had crossed New Caledonia and moved into an area of low vertical windshear. Later that day as the system became a category one tropical cyclone on the Australian tropical cyclone intensity scale, RSMC Nadi named it Innis, while the JTWC initiated advisories on the system and designated it as Tropical Cyclone 15P.
After a brief period of further development, both the JTWC and RSMC Nadi reported that Innis had peaked with sustained windspeeds of before vertical windshear over the system increased as an upper level low encroached on Innis from the west. Later that day the primary responsibility for warnings was passed to TCWC Wellington, as the exposed low level circulation centre moved below 25°S and into their area of responsibility. Innis was subsequently declared an extratropical cyclone early on February 18, as it briefly moved into the Australian region and TCWC Wellington issued their first warning. The system was subsequently absorbed by a low that was moving between Australia and New Zealand, and had caused flooding within the Australian state of New South Wales. There was no significant damage reported within New Caledonia, after Innis had affected the island and dropped over of rainfall. Between February 19–20, the low containing Innis remnants brought high winds, heavy rain and some minor flooding to several parts off New Zealand including from Auckland to Stewart Island. The heaviest rain was recorded in Taranaki, Canterbury and Otago, while 1 indirect death was reported after a car rolled over near Opotiki.
Tropical Cyclone Joni.
On March 10, RSMC Nadi reported that Tropical Depression 11F had developed out of an area of low pressure that had spun down from the upper levels of the troposphere, about to the northeast of Rarotonga in the Southern Cook Islands. During the next day, shear decreased sufficiently to allow significant overall development. On the evening of the 11th, with the system moving into minimal shear, and outflow aloft becoming well-established, its probability of becoming a tropical cyclone in the next 12 hours was raised to high. At 111200 UTC, it was named Joni with 35 knots close to the centre and whilst located about 40 nautical miles west-northwest of Mangaia and about 70 miles east-southeast of Rarotonga. With favourable conditions, the cyclone continued to intensify and attained storm intensity 18 hours later. Joni reached peak intensity as it neared 25 South latitude, the Nadi and Wellington border. Wellington accepted primary responsibility for further warnings beginning at 130000 UTC as the cyclone moved into their area of responsibility. Joni remained a cyclone for another day before it was downgraded to a low. As Joni was a small and compact system only minimal impact was reported in the Southern Cook Islands while some heavy rainfall was reported in Mangaia.
Joni was a hybrid that eventually spun downwards to the surface from the upper levels of the troposphere on the 10th. Inside Nadi AOR, it attained a peak intensity of 55 knots. Joni was a small and compact system. Because of its small size it fortunately sailed through the Southern Cooks without any serious impact on any inhabited islands.
Tropical Cyclone Ken.
Early on March 16, a tropical disturbance formed to the south of a convergence zone which was located to the east of Palmerston Island, in the Cook Islands. Early that afternoon the JTWC reported that the disturbances low level circulation centre had rapidly consolidated and issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert on the developing system. Later that day, RSMC Nadi reported that the disturbance had organised enough to be classified as Tropical Depression 12F. Early the next morning, as the depression was moving towards the southeast, RSMC Nadi reported that outflow was good to the south of the depression and upgraded it to a Category 1 Cyclone, assigning the name Ken to the cyclone. Later that day, the JTWC started to issue advisories on the storm and designated it as Tropical Cyclone 21P.
Late on March 18, RSMC Nadi reported that Ken had reached its peak intensity with winds of 95 km/h, (60 mph), which made it a Category 2 Cyclone. RSMC Nadi then passed primary warning responsibility of Cyclone Ken to TCWC Wellington who, downgraded Ken to a Category 1 Cyclone early the next day. Ken then re-intensified into a Category 2 Cyclone later that day; however it was quickly downgraded to a Category 1 Cyclone within their next advisory and then was declared extratropical by both TCWC Wellington and the JTWC early on March 20. As an extratropical cyclone, Ken reached 1-minute windspeeds of 110 km/h (70 mph). TCWC Wellington then issued their final advisory early on March 22, as it moved out of their eastern area of responsibility and was tracked by the Bureau of Meteorology for three more days as it crossed the Antarctic Peninsula into the Weddell Sea.
Tropical Cyclone Jasper.
During March 24, Cyclone Jasper moved into the South Pacific from the Australian region, while it at its peak intensity as a category 2 tropical cyclone with 10-minute sustained windspeeds of 95 km/h (60 mph). At this time, convection erupted about the centre and well-corroborated by the corresponding microwave data which showed good and intense low-level circulation. Outflow over the system was good to the south but inhibited elsewhere. However, overnight, convection warmed considerably with shear tearing the cold tops to the south of the low-level centre. Later on the 25th, increasing shear and dry air entrainment caused its demise and was subsequently downgraded to a depression at 251200 UTC.
Flooding, triggered by heavy rains in northern New Caledonia, forced the evacuation of 25 families. Rough seas produced by the storm caused beach erosion along the coastlines of New Caledonia. High winds caused localized structural damage and knocked down a few power lines, leaving some residents without power.
Tropical Cyclone Lin.
Cyclone Lin formed as a tropical depression within a monsoonal trough to the northwest of Fiji. Over the next few days, the depression moved towards the southeast through the Fijian archipelago until late on April 3, when RSMC Nadi reported that the depression had intensified into a category one cyclone, and named it as Cyclone Lin. The JTWC did not start issuing warnings on Lin until the next day when they designated it as Cyclone 25P while it was approaching its 10-minute peak windspeeds of 110 km/h (65 mph) and 1-minute peak windspeeds of 95 km/h (60 mph). Cyclone Lin then reached its peak windspeeds early on April 5 as it passed directly over Tonga and then later that day as it approached the edge of RSMC Nadi's area of responsibility Lin started to go through an extratropical transition with the JTWC issuing their last advisory on it. As it crossed into TCWC Wellington's area of responsibility the Cyclone was declared extratropical, however TCWC Wellington kept issuing warnings on Lin until late on April 8.
In Tonga initial reports suggested that only vegetation had been impacted. However, it was later reported that power lines had been knocked down by high winds and the heavy rains triggered minor flooding in Nuku'alofa. Power stations in Tongatapu were also forced to close to protect the system. No one was injured by the storm but there were reports of significant crop losses. The Tongan Meteorological Service also reported that about $2000 TOP 2009, ($1000 USD 2009) worth of damage had been done to property owned by the service.
Tropical Disturbance 15F.
Late on April 7, RSMC Nadi reported that a tropical disturbance had developed within the monsoon trough, about to the north-east of Honiara in the Solomon Islands. Deep convection was flaring over an elongated low level circulation centre which was in an area of low vertical wind shear. Early the next morning, RSMC Nadi designated it as 15F despite the disturbance remaining poorly defined. Despite a tropical wave moving through the system on April 9, the disturbance remained poorly defined with the JTWC reporting that it had dissipated early the next day before RSMC Nadi issued their last advisory early on April 11 as the disturbance moved into TCWC Brisbane's area of responsibility and was re-designated as Tropical Low 22U. Over the next couple of days the disturbance remained weak as it moved towards the southern tip of Papua New Guinea.
Season effects.
This table lists all the storms that developed in the South Pacific to the east of longitude 160°E during the 2008–2009 season. It includes their intensity on the Australian Tropical cyclone intensity scale, duration, name, landfalls, deaths, and damages. All data is taken from RSMC Nadi and or TCWC Wellington. The damage figures are all 2009 USD.

</doc>
<doc id="18270156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270156" title="Norabak">
Norabak

Norabak (; formerly, Azizlu; before then, Boyuk Karakoyun and Boyuk Gharaghoyun) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270158" title="Norabats">
Norabats

Norabats (, also Romanized as Norabats’; formerly, Norashen) is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270162" title="Noraber">
Noraber

Noraber (also, Noraberd, Kyalali, and Kalali) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270168" title="Noragavit">
Noragavit

Noragavit or Noragavit’ is a part of Shengavit District in Yerevan, Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270169" title="Noragyugh">
Noragyugh

Noragyugh is a neighborhood in Kentron District of Yerevan, Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270173" title="Norakert, Gegharkunik">
Norakert, Gegharkunik

Norakert () is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. Norakert was founded in 1927 as a state farm.

</doc>
<doc id="18270179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270179" title="Norakhpyur">
Norakhpyur

Norakhpyur (also, Snikh) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270180" title="Karl Kleist">
Karl Kleist

Karl Kleist (1879–1960) was a German neurologist and psychiatrist who made notable advances in descriptive psychopathology and neuropsychology. His work links to that of Carl Wernicke and Karl Leonhard. Kleist coined the terms unipolar (‘einpolig’) and bipolar (‘zweipolig’) that are now used in the concepts of Unipolar depression and Bipolar Disorder. His main publication is in the field of neurology. Localisation of function in the cerebral cortex of man including mapping of cortical functions on brain maps. The work is based on several hundred cases of shot wounded patients of World War I, whose functional deficits Kleist deliberately studied and described in detail during their lifetime. Later on, by means of brain autopsy, he documented the lesion and was, thus, able to localize brain function in each single case doing this also on cytoarchitectonical grounds.
Career.
1879: Born 31 January at Mühlhausen, Alsace. 
Student at the Universities of Straßburg, Heidelberg, Berlin and Munich.
1902: Graduated in medicine in Munich
1905–1908: Assistant, Neuropsychiatric Clinic, Halle University 
 (Chair of Neurology and Psychiatry held in succession by Theodor Ziehen, Carl Wernicke and Gabriel Anton)
1908–1909: Six months in Ludwig Edinger’s Neurological Institute in Frankfurt and six months in Alois Alzheimer’s laboratory in Munich. 
1909: Published classic monograph on psychomotor disorders of movement in psychiatric patients. 
1909–1914: Senior Physician, Psychiatric Clinic, Erlangen University (directed by Specht)
1914 - 1916. Service in a military hospital on the Western Front. Organised a hospital for injuries and diseases of the nervous system. Worked partly as a neurosurgeon. Experience of the effects of localised brain lesions resulted in Gehirnpathologie, published in 1934.
1916 - 1920: Professor of Psychiatry, University of Rostock. 
1920 - 1950: Professor of Neurology and Psychiatry, University of Frankfurt am Main and Director of the University Neuropsychiatric Clinic.
 Reorganised and modernised the university mental hospital. Responsible for new University Neuropsychiatric Clinic (opened 1950).
1950–1960: Director of the Research Institute for Brain Pathology and Psychopathology.
1960: died 26 December
Research.
Kleist studied both brain pathology and clinical Neurology and Psychiatry, which he regarded as closely allied fields. He rejected Kraepelin’s division of the functional psychoses into two divisions: dementia praecox (later renamed schizophrenia) and manic-depressive insanity, and attempted to isolate a large number of disease entities which he believed were due to focal brain lesions. This led to detailed description and analysis of neurological and psychiatric symptoms. He had many collaborators, among whom Karl Leonhard is notable for his genetic (at that time mainly family history) studies on groups of patients classified by Kleist. This line of work was carried on by Helmut Beckmann, co-founder of the International Wernicke-Kleist-Leonhard Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18270181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270181" title="Noramarg">
Noramarg

Noramarg (; formerly, Bulakhly, Bulagli, Abilkend, Ablkend, Imeni Kalinina, Kalinin, and Posëlok Imeni Kalinina) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270186" title="Noramut">
Noramut

Noramut () is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270188" title="Tourism in Cape Verde">
Tourism in Cape Verde

Tourism in Cape Verde, a group of islands off the coast of Senegal, started in the 1970s on the island Sal and increased slowly in the 1980s and 1990s.
Tourism contributed $41 million to the country's economy in the year 2000. The hotel industry contributed 2.0% to GDP in 1997, which increased to 6.8% in 2001. The number of tourists increased from approximately 45,000 in 1997 to more than 115,000 in 2001 and to about 533,837 in 2012 according to the Cape Verdean statistics bureau [http://www.ine.cv/]. Most of these tourists hailed from the United Kingdom (21.6%), France (13.0%), Portugal (12.7%), and Germany (12.6%).
The vast majority of tourists visit the comparatively flat and scarcely populated islands of Boa Vista, Sal, and Maio with their white sandy beaches. The islands of Cape Verde have a pleasant climate during most of the year with 350 days of sunshine, and some of them offer an impressive mountain scenery as well. Diving, windsurfing, sailing and trekking are available to tourists. Some ecotourism is developing on the island of Fogo around the volcano Pico do Fogo. For tourists interested in cultural topics, the town of Cidade Velha on the Island of Santiago which was declared a World Heritage Site by the UNESCO in 1997, is worth a visit, but cultural tourism has not been particularly promoted up to now.

</doc>
<doc id="18270189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270189" title="Nor-Aparan">
Nor-Aparan

Nor-Aparan is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270192" title="Norashen, Lori">
Norashen, Lori

Norashen (; formerly, Bogdanovka) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia. The town has a museum and nearby is a fort, dated to the 5th–6th century BCE, which has been excavated.

</doc>
<doc id="18270195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270195" title="Norashen, Tavush">
Norashen, Tavush

Norashen () is a village in the Tavush Province of Armenia. It has a museum and a cyclopean fort.

</doc>
<doc id="18270200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270200" title="Shoghakn">
Shoghakn

Shoghakn (), is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. It was formerly known as "Sachlu" nad renamed "Norashen" between 1946 and 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="18270202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270202" title="Norashen, Aragatsotn">
Norashen, Aragatsotn

Norashen (); known as Sachlu until 1946, is a village in the western part of the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270206" title="Norashen, Gegharkunik">
Norashen, Gegharkunik

Norashen (; formerly, Efendi) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. The town was founded in 1920 on the site of the former village of Rahmankendi. The town has a church and a cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18270208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270208" title="Norashenik">
Norashenik

Norashenik () is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 118 in 2010, down from 158 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270211" title="Noravan, Syunik">
Noravan, Syunik

Noravan () is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 524 in 2010, up from 517 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270216" title="Nork, Yerevan">
Nork, Yerevan

Nork is a neighbourhood in the Armenian capital of Yerevan. It is located in the Nork-Marash district.

</doc>
<doc id="18270220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270220" title="Novoseltsovo">
Novoseltsovo

Novoseltsovo (, also romanized as Novosel’tsovo and Novosel’tsevo) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270223" title="Noyakert">
Noyakert

Noyakert (; formerly, Khalisa) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270226" title="Nshavan">
Nshavan

Nshavan () is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270229" title="The Boy in the Sailor Suit">
The Boy in the Sailor Suit

The Boy in the Sailor Suit is a studio album by Dave Cousins.
Track listing.
All songs written by Dave Cousins except where noted
Personnel.
with guests
Recording.
Recorded at The Ecology Rooms, Kent – .

</doc>
<doc id="18270231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270231" title="Nubarashen district">
Nubarashen district

Nubarashen () or Nuparashen, is a district of Yerevan, the capital of Armenia. It is situated at southeastern part of the city. With a population of 9,700, Nubarashen is the least populous district in Yerevan. It is bordered by Shengavit and Erebuni districts from the north and Ararat Province from the east, west and south. Nubarashen was formerly known as "Sovetashen".
History.
With the support and sponsorship of the founder and president of the AGBU, Egyptian-Armenian benefactor Boghos Nubar, it was decided to build a new town near Yerevan in 1930 bearing the name of Nubarashen (meaning "village of Nubar"). The settlement was planned and designed by architect Alexander Tamanyan.
In 1932, the construction of Nubarashen was completed. During the following years, the settlement became home to many repatriated Armenian families from Greece, Bulgaria, France, Lebanon and Syria.
With the gradual growth of Yerevan, Nubarashen was eventually absorbed by the Armenian capital.

</doc>
<doc id="18270234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270234" title="Nurnus">
Nurnus

Nurnus () is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270239" title="Nrnadzor">
Nrnadzor

Nrnadzor (); formerly known as "Nyuvadi" (), is a village and rural community in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 140 in 2010, down from 152 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270242" title="Ohanavan">
Ohanavan

Ohanavan (, also Romanized as Oganavan) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. Ohanavan was resettled in 1828 by emigrants from Muş. On a nearby escarpment sits the 13th-century Hovhannavank Monastery. Both the town and the monastery are situated atop a steep gorge carved by the Kasagh river.

</doc>
<doc id="18270245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270245" title="Okhtar">
Okhtar

Okhtar () is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 87 in 2010, down from 124 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270246" title="Sherine Wong">
Sherine Wong

Sherine Wong Sook Ling (; born 28 March 1979 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia) won the title of Miss Malaysia Universe in 1998 when she was just 18 years old and represented Malaysia in the Miss Universe 1998 pageant in Hawaii, the United States. Sherine is currently pursuing a modelling career in Hong Kong.
Early life.
Born in 28 March 1979, Sherine grew up in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. During her high school days, she was excelled in athletics. She represented her school and Malaysia in triple jumps and long jumps competition. She graduated in 2005 with Bachelor of Business & Commerce Monash University Australia.
Miss Malaysia 1998.
Standing at 5'9', Sherine participated in Miss Malaysia/Universe 1998 pageants. She was crowned as the Miss Malaysia/Universe 1998 winner at Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia where the final round of the pageant was held. She represented Malaysia in the Miss Universe 1998 pageant in Hawaii, United States of America.
Miss Asia 2004.
After winning the title of Miss Malaysia/Universe 1998, Sherine started of as fashion model Malaysia, then Singapore and finally landed herself in Hong Kong in the year of 2004. She participated in the Miss Asia 2004 which was organized by the ATV. Despite she did not win the pageant, she was one of the top favorites, placed in top 5 and won the Miss Photogenic and Perfect Skin titles.
Career.
Since she started of as a runway model, Sherine has worked for some renowned international brands such as Prada, Christian Dior, Chanel, and Cartier in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia. As a degree holder in Bachelor of Business and Commerce, she always has the ambition to become a self entrepreneurs where she invested in a club in Hong Kong. However the club were sold due to the world economy crisis in 2008. She eventually threw herself back into modelling with full force and landed into some prestigious endorsement deals, TV commercials. event host and even starred in music videos with famous cantopop singers Hacken Lee and Eric Suen. She started to take the Hong Kong market by storm and now expanding to greater China which she saw as a big market with a lots of opportunities. Sherine also possessed talents in acting and singing. She was once starred in a movie called Kung Bu Shi Jian alongside Hong Kong actor Mark Cheng as the main lead actress. Recently, she is working towards releasing her first EP, after being inspired and praised by the Hong Kong based Swedish musician, Anders Nelsson.

</doc>
<doc id="18270250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270250" title="Hobardzi">
Hobardzi

Hobardzi (), is a village (rural community) in the Lori Province of Armenia.
It is about 11 km south-east of Stepanavan (about 20 minutes by car) and is close to the villages of Vardablur and Gyulagarak. The Stepanavan Dendropark is located about 3 km south-west of Hobardzi (about a 1-hour walk).

</doc>
<doc id="18270252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270252" title="Orgov">
Orgov

Orgov () is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. Orgov is home to large radio-astronomy telescopes and remains of a Bronze Age fort.

</doc>
<doc id="18270254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270254" title="Mijnatun">
Mijnatun

Mijnatun (); formerly known as "Kuruboghaz" and "Ortachya", is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270257" title="Hovit">
Hovit

Hovit (, also Romanized as Ovit; formerly, Malyy Kyapanak and Pokr Kyapanak) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270261" title="Hovnanadzor">
Hovnanadzor

Hovnanadzor (, also romanized as Ovnanadzor; also, Ovandara) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270262" title="Hovtashen, Shirak">
Hovtashen, Shirak

Hovtashen (, also Romanized as Ovtashen; formerly, Gutnikishlag) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270263" title="Hovuni">
Hovuni

Hovuni (); formerly known as "Yesaul", is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270267" title="Paghakn">
Paghakn

Paghkn (, also Romanized as Paghakn or Pahakn; formerly Shurabad and Sultanabad) is a village in the rural community of Berdashen in the Shirak Province of Armenia. Its population was 39 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270271" title="Pambak, Gegharkunik">
Pambak, Gegharkunik

Pambak (, also Romanized as P’ambak) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. The town has churches, a caravanserai, and cemeteries.

</doc>
<doc id="18270275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270275" title="Pambak, Lori">
Pambak, Lori

Pambak () is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.
Pambak is a village in Lori with under 100 households. There is a primary school located outside of the residential area and across the main road connecting Vanadzor to Alaverdi. 

</doc>
<doc id="18270277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270277" title="Mount Moriarty">
Mount Moriarty

Mount Moriarty is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located southwest of Parksville and southeast of Mount Arrowsmith.

</doc>
<doc id="18270279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270279" title="Panik, Armenia">
Panik, Armenia

Panik (, also Romanized as P’anik; formerly, Kyavtarlu) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.
The town has a Catholic majority.

</doc>
<doc id="18270281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270281" title="Papanino">
Papanino

Papanino is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270286" title="Parpi">
Parpi

Parpi (, also Romanized as P’arpi) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. Within the village is a 5th-century church. The 5th- to 6th-century Armenian chronicler and historian Ghazar Parpetsi was born at Parpi. He is most prominent for writing a history of Armenia, "History of Armenia", sometime in the early 6th century.
Parpi is known to have had a brief visit during October 1734 by Abraham Kretatsi during the time while he was serving the Catholicos Abraham II. He wrote, "The next day, at my request, we went to Parpi and from there to Karbi, where we spent the night at the residences of Paron Khachatur and Paron Ohazar."
The village is also mentioned in a 13th-century inscription on the southern wall of the Katoghike Church of the Astvatsnkal Monastery built between the 5th and 13th centuries. It reads, 

</doc>
<doc id="18270289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270289" title="Paravakar">
Paravakar

Paravakar (, also Romanized as Parravak’ar, Paravaqar, Paravaker, and Parravakar) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270293" title="Nor Astghaberd">
Nor Astghaberd

Nor Astghaberd (; formerly, Payahan (), also Romanized as P’ayahan and Payagan, and Bakavank) is a community and village in the Syunik Province of Armenia.
The community of Nor Astghaberd consists of the villages of Nor Astghaberd, Ajabaj, Getishen (formerly, Chaykend), and Vocheti (formerly, Hajatin). The community's population was 93 as of 2010, down from 179 at the 2001 census. The village of Nor Astghaberd's population was 53 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270296" title="Petrovka, Armenia">
Petrovka, Armenia

Petrovka () is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270297" title="Pirdaudan">
Pirdaudan

Pirdaudan (also, Pirudan and Pirdoudan) is a town in the Syunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270299" title="Verin Geghavank">
Verin Geghavank

Verin Geghavank (), formerly known as "Pirlu" , is a village and former rural community, now part of the community of Geghi, Syunik Province, Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported it was uninhabited at the 2010 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270301" title="Pukhrut">
Pukhrut

Pkhrut, is a village in the Syunik Province of Armenia. It belongs to the community of Lernadzor.

</doc>
<doc id="18270304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270304" title="Ptghavan">
Ptghavan

Ptghavan (; also, Pkhtavan) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270307" title="RF switch matrix">
RF switch matrix

An RF switch matrix is a system of discrete electronic components that are integrated to route radio (RF) signals between multiple inputs and multiple outputs. Popular applications requiring RF matrices are ground systems, test equipment, and communication systems.
An RF matrix is used in test systems, in both design verification and manufacturing test, to route high frequency signals between the device under test (DUT) and the test and measurement equipment. In addition to signal routing, the RF/Microwave Switch Matrix may also contain signal conditioning components including passive signal conditioning devices, such as attenuators, filters, and directional couplers, as well as active signal conditioning, such as amplification and frequency converters. Since the signal routing and signal conditioning needs of a test system differ from design to design, RF/Microwave Switch Matrices typically have to be custom designed by the test system engineer or by a hired contractor for each new test system.
The Switch Matrix is made up of switches and signal conditioners that are mounted together in a mechanical infrastructure or housing. Cables then interconnect the switches and signal conditioners. The switch matrix then employs a driver circuit and power supply to power and drive the switches and signal conditioners. The switch matrix uses connectors or fixtures to route the signal paths from the sourcing and measurement equipment to the DUT. The switch matrix is typically located close to the DUT to shorten the signal paths, thus reducing insertion loss and signal degradation.
Benefits of an RF/Microwave Switch Matrix.
The purpose of a switch matrix is to move the signal routing and signal conditioning to one central location in the test system versus having it all distributed at various places in the test system. Moving the signal routing and signal conditioning to a single location in the test system has the following advantages:
Making It vs Buying It.
Switch matrices present a unique problem to test system designers as the signal conditioning needs, the frequency range, the bandwidth, and power aspects change from application to application. Test and measurement companies cannot provide a "one size fits all" solution. This leaves test system designers with two choices for their switch matrix design: Create an in-house solution or contract it out.
Signal routing.
There are two types of switches typically used in switch matrices: Coaxial Electromechanical Switches and Solid State Switches, also known as electronic switches. Coaxial electromechanical switches can be further divided into two categories based on their architecture, latching relay and non-latching relay. 
Solid state switches come in three types: PIN diode, FET, and hybrid. The advantages of solid state switches over EM switches are:
On the other hand, since solid state switches have non-linear portions over their frequency range their bandwidth is limited.
An electronic switch (EM) provides better:
For these reasons EM switches are used much more often in switch matrix designs.
Example applications.
Custom Switch Matrices are used extensively throughout test systems in the wireless and aerospace defense sectors for design verification and for manufacturing test. They have a wide range of complexity, from the simple to the complex.
RF Switch Matrices are also used heavily in the Television Broadcast market for the reception and re-broadcast of TV Channels. Typically a Cable TV "Headend" will contain a matrix to enable multiple dishes that are aligned to different satellites to be routed to a bank of receivers. The RF Switch Matrix allows channel changes to be made remotely, without any interruptions.
Design challenges.
There are six main challenges when designing a custom RF/Microwave Switch Matrix from beginning to end:
Test equipment manufacturers offer instruments that provide a power supply, driver circuitry, and software drivers that essentially saves a test system designer time and cost by eliminating two of the six switch matrix design challenges: power and control hardware design as well as software driver development.
Many companies have introduced new product concepts that aid in custom switch matrix design. These new products offer test system designers a power supply, driver circuitry, and software drivers all wrapped together in a mainframe. The mainframe provides flexible mounting for switches and other components as well as blank front and rear panels that can be easily modified to fit a design need. These new products eliminates 3 of the 6 design challenges: mechanical design, power and control hardware design, and software driver development

</doc>
<doc id="18270311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270311" title="Pokr Ayrum">
Pokr Ayrum

Pokr Ayrum (, also romanized as Poqr Ayrum and Russified as Verkhniy Ayrum) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia. The toponym reflects the former presence of Ayrums in the neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="18270317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270317" title="Pokr Mantash">
Pokr Mantash

Pokr Mantash (; Russified as Malyy Mantash; formerly, Pokr Arkhvali) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270319" title="Hiroko Tsukumo">
Hiroko Tsukumo

Hiroko Tsukumo (born September 11, 1970 in Hiroshima) is a retired volleyball player from Japan, who competed for the Japan women's national team in the 1990s. She was named "Best Digger" and "Best Receiver" at the 1998 FIVB Women's World Championship. Tsukumo played as a libero.

</doc>
<doc id="18270323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270323" title="Pokr Masrik">
Pokr Masrik

Pokr Masrik ( – meaning "little Masrik", also Romanized as P’ok’r Masrik and Poqr Masrik; formerly, Malaya Mazra and Pokr-Mazra) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. The town has a 12th-century church. Mets Masrik (big Masrik) is nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="18270325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270325" title="Pokr Sariar">
Pokr Sariar

Pokr Sariar (, also Romanized as P’ok’r Sariar; Russified as Sariar Malyy) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270326" title="Pokr Sepasar">
Pokr Sepasar

Pokr Sepasar (, also Romanized as P’ok’r Sepasar; formerly, Malaya Shishtapa, and Pokr Shishtapa) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270329" title="Pokr Shagriar">
Pokr Shagriar

Pokr Shagriar (also, Malyy Shagriar) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270331" title="Pokrashen">
Pokrashen

Pokrashen (; formerly, Lernantsk, Keti Verkhniye, and Pokr Keti) is a village in Shirak Province, Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270332" title="Santos-o-Velho (Lisbon)">
Santos-o-Velho (Lisbon)

Santos-o-Velho () is one of the 53 "freguesias" (civil parishes) of Lisbon, Portugal, with an area of 0.51 km² and 4,013 inhabitants (2001). It has a population density of 7899.6 inhabitants/km².
It is one of the best preserved historical parts of Lisbon, including Madragoa (former village in the outskirts of Central Lisbon), the Museum of Ancient Art, and many former convents and palaces (in which the current Embassy of France in included).
It is also known for its lively nightlife. 

</doc>
<doc id="18270335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270335" title="Por, Armenia">
Por, Armenia

Por (; also Romanized as P’orr and Porr) is a small disused hamlet in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia. It has a 19th-century church and medieval cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18270337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270337" title="Limbo Race">
Limbo Race

Limbo Race was an American post-punk band formed in Boston, Massachusetts in 1979 by Randy Black on guitar, John Neidhart on bass, and Peter Keaveney on drums. In 1981, Keaveney was replaced by drummer Mark Poulin and the band added saxophonist Mark Chenevert. Limbo Race featured an angular, sometimes harsh sound that some critics compared to the Gang of Four and The Cure. Black's lyrics described an unsettled world where communication was difficult, and drew upon dark anthropological references, images from childhood, and intimate details of his relationships with friends and lovers.
Limbo Race developed a passionate cult following and, after winning the WBCN Rock & Roll Rumble in 1982, the band added keyboardist Catherine Coleman and toured extensively throughout the Northeastern United States until 1984 when the band finally broke up.
History.
Limbo Race played their first show in 1980 at the legendary Underground, a rock club in Allston, MA, notable for being one of the first venues to feature acts from the burgeoning post-punk and experimental music scene in Boston. For two years, the band played in other small Boston and Cambridge venues including Cantones, Mavericks, The Rathskellar ("The Rat"), The Club, the Inn Square Men's Bar and in alternative venues along Thayer Street in Boston's South End.
Among the many Boston bands that Limbo Race shared bills with were Someone & The Somebodies, Mission of Burma, The New Models, V;, Art Yard, The Neats, The Proletariat, The Neighborhoods, Lou Miami & The Kozmetix, Native Tongue, The Young Snakes, 'til tuesday, The New Models, and The Del Fuegos.
Drummer Peter Keaveney left the band in early 1981 and was replaced by Mark Poulin. At this time, the band recorded their first tape of the song "Cigarettes" which received airplay on the MIT radio station WMBR as well as on WERS from Emerson College.
In 1981, the band caught the attention of producer and engineer Dan Salzmann who brought them into the studio to record a song, "There Goes Kafka", which was included on a compilation of Boston-area bands called "A Wicked Good Time Vol.2".
In early 1982, the band added saxophonist Mark Chenevert and recorded their first single, "Down & Backwards" b/w "What It Is", which received airplay on the commercial radio station WBCN. The band began to receive media attention and was invited to play at the 1982 WBCN Rock & Roll Rumble which they went on to win. Interestingly, Limbo Race was not included in the list of bands originally invited but as an alternate; they entered the competition only when another band had to drop out.
The band was picked up by manager Jim Coffman, who also managed Mission of Burma, and began playing shows throughout the northeast including the famed CBGB in New York, the in Washington DC and other venues. In 1983 they also opened for the Thompson Twins and Echo & the Bunnymen at the Channel in Boston, as well for R.E.M. at Streets in Allston.
Beyond Limbo Race.
In 1984, drummer Mark Poulin left the band. After attempting to find a new drummer and carry on, the remaining members of the band decided that the end had come and disbanded in the spring.
Randy Black went on to form a new ensemble called Dr. Black's Combo which also included saxophonist Mark Chenevert. He also has a lengthy career as a solo artist playing primarily acoustic and recorded a critically well received CD "Below The Tapering" for Waterbug Records.
Bassist John Neidhart continued playing in numerous Boston-area bands that included The Wickermen, The Sextons, Stardarts, and Jack Frosting.
Mark Chenevert continues to perform as a respected clarinetist and sax player and has played and toured throughout the United States with bands that include Hypnotic Clambake, Chandler Travis, Stone Lily, and others.
Mark Poulin continues to perform as both a drummer and guitarist, notably in a tribute to Roy Orbison.
External links.
A great listing of records from the era
Waterbug Records

</doc>
<doc id="18270343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270343" title="SBB-CFF-FFS Ae 4/7">
SBB-CFF-FFS Ae 4/7

The Ae 4/7 was a universal locomotive of the Swiss Federal Railways, employing the so-called Buchli drive. 
Last but not least thanks to this drive construction, invented by Jakob Buchli, it was one of the longest-lasting locomotives. It was in regular use for 7 decades, from the 1920s into the 1990s, hauling freight and passenger trains all over Switzerland.
History.
In the 1920s stronger locomotives were needed for the Swiss plateau (which has grades up to 12‰). The existing locomotives with three driven axles were a bit weak for their services. Because the Buchli drive already proved to be reliable on the Ae 3/6 I, two prototypes of the Ae 4/7 were ordered in 1925. Subsequently, in total 127 were built between 1927 and 1934.
While the mechanical part was built by the Swiss Locomotive and Machine Works, the electrical equipment was built in three varieties, because these parts were built by three different manufacturers, Brown, Boveri & Cie. (BBC) (10901–10916, 10932–10938, 10952–10972, 11003–11008 and 11018–11027), Maschinenfabrik Oerlikon (MFO) (10917–10918 and 10973–11002) as well as Société Anonyme des Ateliers de Sécheron (SAAS) (10939–10951 and 11109–11017). The locomotives 10919–10931 were built by MFO but with BBC equipment.
Equipment.
The locomotive consists of four driving and three running axles. Each of the driving axles has its own motor. The power is sent to the axles using the Buchli drive. This gives them the characteristic asymmetrical look, because on the drive side the wheels are completely covered, while they are freely visible on the apparatus side.
At the end of driver's cab I a running axle bogie was mounted, while the other side got a single running axle. The four driving axles are fixed, but the two in the middle can move sideways for better running characteristics in curves. 
The locomotives had the same green livery (SBB green) throughout their life. The Ae 4/7 look similar to the older Ae 3/6 I and the mechanical construction is quite similar as well, but this does not hold for many details of the electrical parts.
There were three varieties of locomotive. The MFO types got a very fast hopper controller to choose the running notches. The SAAS type hopper controller could not be switched arbitrarily fast as the MFO variety could be, due to a constraining device which limited the rate at which the running notches could be switched upwards. The BBC locomotives, in contrast, had a flat switch with a contact slide.
The second batch of the MFO locomotives have electrical brakes. The SAAS types where equipped with Multiple-unit train control starting 1963, but none of the others were ever equipped.
Operations.
When they were delivered, the Ae 4/7 were used for fast trains all over Switzerland. Starting in 1930, they also ran the fast trains on the Gotthardbahn. Being universally usable, they could be seen in operation everywhere.
In the 1940s, they were partially replaced by the Re 4/4 I on flat lines. At the end of the 1950s, the prestigious services on the Gotthard line were more and more run by Ae 6/6. In 1960, four Ae 4/7 (10948–10951) got a wider pantograph compatible to ÖBB standards, so that they could run international trains from St. Margrethen via Bregenz to Lindau.
At the end of the 1960s, their fast train duties were taken over by the new Re 4/4 II. Some being equipped with multiple-unit train control, they could now be used for heavy freight trains.
Ae 4/7 that could not be run in multiple mostly ran commuter trains and light freight trains. In 1993, 66 years after their first delivery, they were still used for commuter trains mostly in eastern Switzerland, and in front of a few light freight trains. With the prospect of staying in use over the millennium, they even got new UIC numbers Ae 497 000 – 497 027 and 497 901 – 497 999.
The first Ae 4/7 was withdrawn due to its bad condition in 1983. In 1990, 100 of the originally delivered 127 were still in operation. On January 1, 1995, 72 locomotives remained. The actual withdrawal started 1995, which was slightly surprising, since a few years earlier the SBB stated that they will stay in use until after the year 2000. However, due to the delivery of the new Re 460 the SBB had more locomotives than needed, which made the Ae 4/7 superfluous.
One year later most were retired and many scrapped. The last regular train run by an Ae 4/7 for the Swiss Federal Railways was a freight train in 1996. The Ae 4/7 were used by the SBB from 1927 to 1996, in total 69 years. This is only exceeded by their predecessors, the Ae 3/6 I, which were in use from 1921 to 1994, in total 73 years.
Preservation.
The two locomotives 10905 (Depot Rorschach) and 10976 (Depot Lausanne) remained operational as historic stock and now belong to Stiftung Historisches Erbe der SBB (SBB Historic). About 18 locomotives with all three types of electrical equipment made it to private owners, which form the "Swisstrain" association. Most of these locomotives are not operational.
In January and February 2007 two Ae 4/7, 10950 (built in 1931) and 11010 (built in 1932), were reactivated and got the admittance to run on the Swiss rail network, which required the installation of the current train protection system ZUB 121. They are hauling commercial trains for Rail4chem since February 28, 2008. However, only one single commercial train run appears to have happened to date.
Locomotive 10997 is owned by Club del San Gottardo.
The 10987, owned by the association Swisstrain SA Based in Le Locle, was transferred on loan to use the Association Verbano Express Luino (Va). The latter has done some work for the throw-in running order and the installation of the ETM-S and Vigilant, and now the machine is used for several trips with historic trains.
Sources.
"This article was mostly translated from the German language version of July 2008."

</doc>
<doc id="18270345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270345" title="Poselok Imeni Kalinina">
Poselok Imeni Kalinina

Poselok Imeni Kalinina (also, Posëlok Imeni Kalinina) is an abandoned village in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270353" title="Privolnoye, Armenia">
Privolnoye, Armenia

Privolnoye () is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270357" title="Proshyan">
Proshyan

Proshyan (), is a major village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia. It is home to the Proshyan Wine Factory.

</doc>
<doc id="18270359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270359" title="Ptghni">
Ptghni

Ptghni (, also Romanized as Ptykhni, Ptgni, and Ptkhni) is a village located in the Kotayk Province of Armenia along the left bank of the Hrazdan River. It was founded in 1831 in the vicinity of an abandoned dwelling. The village has a house of culture, school, kindergarten, and a library. Local inhabitants predominantly grow grapes, melons, gourds, and breed cattle. 
Within the village are the remains of fortress walls and Ptghavank of the 6th to 7th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18270360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270360" title="Athenaeum at Caltech">
Athenaeum at Caltech

The Athenaeum is a faculty club and private social club on the California Institute of Technology campus in Pasadena, California.
Building.
The Athenaeum was designed by Gordon Kaufmann in the Mediterranean Revival style, with landscape design by Florence Yoch and Lucile Council, and opened in 1930. It includes a restaurant, a private hotel with several named suites ("e.g." The Einstein Suite, where Albert Einstein lived while at Caltech), and serves as Caltech's Faculty Club.
Members.
Membership includes Caltech faculty, staff, graduate students, undergraduate seniors, alumni, trustees, and Associates of the California Institute of Technology, and staff of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), the Palomar Observatory, and the Huntington Library and Art Gallery.
Notable regulars at the Athenaeum Round Table have included: 

</doc>
<doc id="18270362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270362" title="Pushkino, Armenia">
Pushkino, Armenia

Pushkino (; formerly, Gerger Russkiy) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270366" title="Ragimabad">
Ragimabad

Ragimabad is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270367" title="Ranchpar">
Ranchpar

Ranchpar (, also Romanized as Rranch’par and Rranchpar) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270369" title="Rind, Armenia">
Rind, Armenia

Rind (, also Romanized as Rrind) is a town in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270372" title="Rya Taza">
Rya Taza

Rya Taza () or "Ria Taza" (meaning "new way" in Kurdish), is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. It was formerly known as "Kondakhsaz". Most residents of Rya Taza are Yazidis. The village is home to a ruined Armenian church built between the 10th and 13th centuries. It also contains an old cemetery with animal-shaped tombstones.

</doc>
<doc id="18270374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270374" title="Sabunchi">
Sabunchi

Sabunchi

</doc>
<doc id="18270377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270377" title="Saghmosavan">
Saghmosavan

Saghmosavan (, also Romanized as Sagmosavan) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The town is the site of the Saghmosavank Monastery (the "Monastery of Psalms") with Saint Sion church, built in 1215.

</doc>
<doc id="18270379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270379" title="Salli, Armenia">
Salli, Armenia

Salli () is a town in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270382" title="Salut">
Salut

Salut () is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270386" title="Salvard">
Salvard

Salvard (; formerly, Alilu) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 396 in 2010, down from 418 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270389" title="Idiomag">
Idiomag

idiomag is an early product created by idio, a UK-based technology company founded in 2006 by two Warwick Business School graduates, Andrew Davies and Ed Barrow. The idio platform allows publishers and brands to personalise their content and distribute it across multiple platforms, which is intended to improve audience engagement and revenue.
Using this platform, a consumer site is run at idiomag.com, which delivers digital music content to its users, in the form of a daily personalised music magazine. This magazine is viewed through the user’s browser, using the Adobe Flash Player, and can contain the full spectrum of text, images, and video chosen for each reader based on their tastes. The user can then find concert dates, download music, and buy tickets.
The site also provides a widget, allowing the user’s magazine to be delivered on popular social networks such as Facebook, MySpace, and Bebo, or on individual blogs.
The site aggregates content from a range of sources, both from the mainstream music press and the blogosphere, like a “glossy RSS feed”. Content is selected based on the user’s listening history, either manually entered or drawn from music sites such as Last.fm, Pandora, and iLike.
In 2009, the site released their API, making idiomag's content-delivery model available to web application programmers.

</doc>
<doc id="18270391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270391" title="Sanain">
Sanain

Sanain is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270392" title="Kaniashir">
Kaniashir

Kaniashir (); formerly known as "Kuchuk Jangi" and "Sangyar", is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270393" title="Saragyugh">
Saragyugh

Saragyugh (, also Romanized as Saragyukh; formerly, Darakoy, Darakey, and Daragyukh) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270394" title="Sarahart">
Sarahart

Sarahart (, also romanized as Sarahart’ and Saraart; formerly, Gyullidzha) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270397" title="Sarakap">
Sarakap

Sarakap (; formerly, Bozdogan) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270404" title="Saralanj, Shirak">
Saralanj, Shirak

Saralanj (, also Romanized as Saralandzh and Saralandj; formerly, Bashgyukh) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270407" title="A. americanus">
A. americanus

A. americanus is an abbreviation of a species name. In binomial nomenclature the name of a species is always the name of the genus to which the species belongs, followed by the species name (also called the species epithet). In "A. americanus" the genus name has been abbreviated to "A." and the species has been spelled out in full. In a document that uses this abbreviation it should always be clear from the context which genus name has been abbreviated.
Some of the most common uses of "A. americanus" are:

</doc>
<doc id="18270408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270408" title="Saralanj, Aragatsotn">
Saralanj, Aragatsotn

Saralanj (, also Romanized as Saralandzh and Saralandj; formerly, Gadzhi Bagr and Gadzhibagir) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270410" title="Saralanj, Kotayk">
Saralanj, Kotayk

Saralanj (, also Romanized as Saralandzh and Saralandj; formerly, Tulnabi) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia. The mayor of Saralanj is Gegham Zilifyan.

</doc>
<doc id="18270413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270413" title="Saralanj, Lori">
Saralanj, Lori

Saralanj (, also Romanized as Saralandzh and Saralandj; formerly, Gey Yekhush) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270415" title="Saramej">
Saramej

Saramej (, also romanized as Saramech; formerly, Chotur) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270420" title="Saranist">
Saranist

Saranist (also, Saramist and Tutiya) is a former town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270423" title="Sarapat">
Sarapat

Sarapat (; formerly, Samurli and Samrly) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270426" title="1922 Grand Prix season">
1922 Grand Prix season

The 1922 Grand Prix season saw the French Grand Prix being held in Strasbourg. The Italian Grand Prix moved to its spiritual home at Monza.

</doc>
<doc id="18270430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270430" title="Saratak">
Saratak

Saratak (; formerly, Imrkhan) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270432" title="Saratovka, Armenia">
Saratovka, Armenia

Saratovka () is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270433" title="Saravan, Armenia">
Saravan, Armenia

Saravan (; formerly Terp, Darb and Azeri until 1988) is a small village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia. The Saravan community includes the nearby town of Ughedzor. In the village is a 17th-century church and some medieval gravestones.

</doc>
<doc id="18270437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270437" title="Sarchapet">
Sarchapet

Sarchapet (. also romanized as Sarch’apet) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.
Sarchapet Population 2100. Territory- 23.9 km2 The community was established in the 1820s and 1830s. Inhabitants mainly are migrants from Mush and Alashkert, Western Armenia, who migrated during Russian−Persian war in 1826-28 and moved to Eastern Armenia. Such a group came near the mountain Lokh, as it is told, to pass the woods. It is told that the wheel of the coach was broken and the family settled in foots of the second queen Lokh (after Lalvar), and in the northern part it is bordered by Georgia. It is worth of importance the name of the village. There is no explanation for it. Near the village benefition is being built a church. There is church which is closed (1913). The relief is mountainous, erosion is seen here; summers are mild, winters- cold. Winter lasts for 202 days, summers- 163. Average temperature is 3.6oC, and the haighest-+28 o C -30 o C. Annual precipitations are from 700 to 720 mm. The lands are on 30-40ï‚° inclination. Fruitfulness is low because of bad geographical position and unfavorable weather. Height from sea level is 1705m. Distance from the regional centre is 70 km, from the previous district centre- 15km. The community is mainly specialized in growing of potato, wheat and barely. This production depends on the caprices of the nature. It is still possible to gather some harvest in rainy years, but in drought years villagers lose 75% of the harvest. Those who are occupied with cattle-breeding, produce milk and meat. The village has a secondary school The community ahs a church built in 1913, which is semi-destroyed now. The new church of the community is semi-built, the beneficiary of which is a businessman from Sarchapet, who lives in Russian Federation. There is a chapel on the northern part of the village on the mountain Lokh, where is celebrated the holiday of Hambardzum. 

</doc>
<doc id="18270439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270439" title="Sarigyugh">
Sarigyugh

Sarigyugh (, also Romanized as Sarigyukh and Sarigjugh; formerly, Srygekh and Srigekh) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270444" title="Saritagh">
Saritagh

Saritagh (also, Sarit’agh and Sari Tag) is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270453" title="Sarnakhpyur">
Sarnakhpyur

Sarnakhpyur (also, Sarnakhbyur) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270457" title="Sarnaghbyur">
Sarnaghbyur

Sarnaghbyur (, also Romanized as Sarnakhpyur, Sarrnaghbyur, and Sarnaghpyur; formerly, Sogyutlu) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270459" title="Sarnakunk">
Sarnakunk

Sarnakunk (, also Romanized as Sarrnakunk’, Sarnakunq, Sarrnakunk; formerly, Saybalu) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 519 in 2010, up from 514 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270470" title="Sayat-Nova, Armenia">
Sayat-Nova, Armenia

Sayat-Nova (, also Romanized as Sayat’-Nova) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia. The town is named after the poet Harutyun Sayatyan, whose nickname was Sayat-Nova.

</doc>
<doc id="18270475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270475" title="Semyonovka, Armenia">
Semyonovka, Armenia

Semyonovka (), is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. It was founded in 1845 by Russian Molokan settlers who escaped oppression in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270476" title="Sers, Armenia">
Sers, Armenia

Sers (; also Ses) is a hamlet in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270481" title="Sevaqar">
Sevaqar

Sevaqar (, also Romanized as Sevakar and Sevak’ar) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 102 in 2010, down from 122 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270482" title="Sevaberd">
Sevaberd

Sevaberd (; formerly, Karakala) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270486" title="Sevkar">
Sevkar

Sevkar (), is a village in the Tavush Province of Armenia and the birthplace of the Armenian revolutionary leader Sevkaretsi Sako. The meaning of the name in Armenian is "Black Stone."

</doc>
<doc id="18270488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270488" title="Shaghap">
Shaghap

Shaghap (, also Romanized as Shagap’, Shagap, and Shagab; formerly, Shagaplu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270490" title="Shaghat">
Shaghat

Shaghat (, also Romanized as Shagat) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 1,219 in 2010, up from 1,049 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270493" title="Shaghik">
Shaghik

Shaghik (; formerly, Karbulag, Karabulag, and Gharabulagh, ) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.
Population.
According to "Caucasian Calendar" of 1912, 373 people, mainly Azerbaijanis shown in the calendar as «Karapapaks», lived in village Karabulag of Kars Okrug of Kars Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="18270500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270500" title="Tillinghast Licht">
Tillinghast Licht

Tillinghast Licht LLP was a Providence, Rhode Island based law firm, from 1818 to 2008. Established in 1818 by Charles Foster Tillinghast, Sr., a scion of one of the oldest families in Rhode Island, it was one of the oldest law firms in Rhode Island. 
In 1816, Tillinghast was admitted to the Rhode Island bar and opened his first office, in the village of Chepachet. The following year, he returned to Providence and partnered with Samuel W. Bridgham, under whom he had studied at Brown University. Six years later, Tillinghast opened his own office.
In 1842, Tillinghast partnered with Charles S. Bradley, who would later become Rhode Island’s chief justice. In 1843, Tillinghast represented Providence for a single term in the Rhode Island General Assembly. Tillinghast & Bradley was well known in Rhode Island until the firm dissolved in 1858. At that time, Tillinghast and his son James, who had joined the firm in 1851, continued as Tillinghast & Tillinghast. That name would continue after Charles died in 1864 and James continued to practice with his sons, William Richmond and Theodore Foster Tillinghast.
In the early 20th century, with William Tillinghast still a member of the firm, Tillinghast & Tillinghast merged with another firm to form Tillinghast & Collins. It was the first of several mergers in the last century, all that saw the Tillinghast name remain preeminent. Between 1913 and 1916, later famous civil liberties advocate Zechariah Chafee practiced for Tillinghast & Collins.
In the 1970s, Tillinghast, Collins & Tanner joined with Graham, Reid, Ewing & Stapleton. In the 1990s, Tillinghast Collins & Graham merged with Licht & Semonoff to form Tillinghast Licht & Semonoff. The name was later shortened to Tillinghast Licht. In 2000, it merged with the Boston firm of Perkins Smith & Cohen and called its Rhode Island office Tillinghast Licht Perkins Smith & Cohen, but the firms split only a few years later, and Tillinghast Licht returned to its former name.
In May 2008, Tillinghast Licht announced that it will wind down business in the next few months, with six key lawyers joining Adler Pollock & Sheehan.

</doc>
<doc id="18270504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270504" title="Shahumyan, Lori">
Shahumyan, Lori

Shahumyan (, also Romanized as Shaumyan and Shahumian; formerly, Imeni Shaumyana, Shahumyani Anvan Avazan) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia. The town was named after Stepan Shahumyan, a Bolshevik commissar.

</doc>
<doc id="18270508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270508" title="The Sixth Extinction">
The Sixth Extinction

"The Sixth Extinction" is the first episode of the seventh season of the science fiction television series "The X-Files". It premiered on the Fox network on November 7, 1999 in the United States. The episode was written by Chris Carter, and directed by Kim Manners. "The Sixth Extinction" earned a Nielsen household rating of 10.6, being watched by 17.82 million people in its initial broadcast. The episode received mixed to positive reviews from critics.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work. In the episode, Assistant Director Walter Skinner (Mitch Pileggi) and Michael Kritschgau (John Finn) work desperately to attempt to discover what is wrong with Mulder, who is imprisoned by his own frenetic brain activity, but they are unaware of Agent Diana Fowley’s (Mimi Rogers) duplicity. In the meanwhile, Scully is hunting for an ancient artifact in Africa.
"The Sixth Extinction" helped to explore new aspects of the series' overarching mythology and was the second episode in a trilogy of episodes featuring Mulder's severe reaction to the appearance of an alien artifact. The episode was written due to series creator Chris Carter's fascination with the possibility that extraterrestrials were involved in the great extinctions that had happened millions of years ago.
Plot.
On the coast of Côte d'Ivoire, Scully sits in her tent studying detailed photographs of the spacecraft half-buried on the beach nearby. A figure, the Primitive African Man, mysteriously appears before suddenly vanishing, after which Scully's tent is swarmed by flying insects. Back in the United States, Walter Skinner visits a delusional Fox Mulder, who is being kept in a padded cell at a Georgetown hospital. Mulder seemingly attacks Skinner, but actually covertly passes him a torn shred of his hospital gown reading, "HELP ME". 
Scully is visited by Dr. Amina Ngebe, Solomon Merkmellen's former colleague who warns Scully to not tell any of the locals about the swarm or the Primitive African Man, although word is already out on the ""African internet"". Soon afterwards, one of the locals working on excavating the ship is apparently scalded by boiling seawater. With the arrival of Dr. Barnes another "plague" occurs - that night the ocean turns blood red. 
Skinner revisits a heavily drugged Mulder, who cannot talk but writes "Kritschgau". Skinner goes to visit Kritschgau, now unemployed and living in a low-cost apartment, and convinces him to visit the hospital with him. Once there, Kritschgau believes Mulder has alien induced mind reading abilities and injects him with a drug (phenytoin) to slow down his brain activity. Later Diana Fowley and his doctor arrive, and with his mind-reading abilities, Mulder is able to tell Skinner that he knows about him being indebted to Krycek, and Diana Fowley's connections with the Cigarette Smoking Man. 
Scully, with Dr. Barnes' help, is able to translate some of the spaceship, which contains information on genetics and various religions. Dr. Barnes' behavior becomes increasingly erratic however and, armed with a machete, he refuses to let Scully or Ngebe leave. He soon realizes that the craft is bringing dead fish back to life, and Scully and Ngebe take the opportunity to knock him out and escape. Scully sees the vanishing man again in the car as they drive off.
Kritschgau and Skinner put Mulder under additional tests to verify his abnormal brain activity. They again inject Mulder with phenytoin, but this time they are caught by Fowley and Mulder goes into a seizure. Meanwhile Dr. Barnes, in a bizarre type of experiment, kills his driver, but the driver soon reanimates and kills him instead. Scully flies back to the U.S. and visits Mulder at the hospital. On the African coast, Ngebe arrives with the police, finding Dr. Barnes dead and the spaceship gone.
Production.
Frank Spotnitz said of the episode's origins, "We've destroyed all the stuff about Mulder's father, the project, and the Syndicate. All the things that had sustained us for six years were suddenly gone. We had no crutches. From that point on, every time we sat down to write a mythology show, we knew it was going to be a completely different challenge." Chris Carter saw the episode as a transitional episode, stating "I felt that, with "The Sixth Extinction", I was just playing a supporting role and that the episode, essentially the middle episode of a three-episode arc, was just a transitional episode to get us to ", which was really less about the mythology and more about Mulder's choices in life."
David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson both had other commitments as the season began, resulting in the producers delaying filming for this episode. It ended up being filmed third in the season, after the episodes "Hungry" and "The Goldberg Variation". Carter wrote the episode at the same time as Duchovny was working on the next episode, "". Kim Manners said preparations were confusing since it wasn't known at the time how the storyline would unfold. Spotnitz said of the end result, "For me, it was a lot like a fifties monster movie with Scully out on the beach with this guy going nuts with a machete, the bug attacks, and the sea of blood. Yeah, it was supposed to be serious business but, overall, I thought it was shaping up as a pretty entertaining hour."
The producers had to move the filming of the beach sequences from the previous episodes due to changes in the tides at that time of year. Similar to the previous episode, the spaceship was computer-generated. The sequence where the locals are boiled by the ocean water was accomplished using underwater filming of stuntmen under various degrees of make up. Fifty thousand dead crickets were rented from a local entomologist for the scene where Scully's tent was attacked by bugs. The live insects were portrayed by blowing popcorn and packing foam at Anderson with fans and editing it into insects in post production.
A large portion of the episode was based on the ancient astronaut theory, which proposes that intelligent extraterrestrial beings have visited Earth in antiquity or prehistory and made contact with humans. Frank Spotnitz later remarked that he was astounded at how little negative fan mail the show received, despite the fact that the "Biogenesis"/"The Sixth Extinction"/"" story arc heavily hinted that aliens were the originators of the notion of God and religion. He credited the manner in which the show handled this delicate subject, saying, "Often in the past, we've done stuff where I was sure we would get angry letters. But we rarely do. And the reason is because of the way we handle things. In 'Amor Fati' we treated the religious side with respect." The ancient astronaut themes were later revisited in the two season nine episodes "Provenance" and "Providence."
Broadcast and reception.
"The Sixth Extinction" first aired in the United States on November 7, 1999. This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 10.6, with a 16 share, meaning that roughly 10.6 percent of all television-equipped households, and 16 percent of households watching television, were tuned in to the episode. It was viewed by 17.82 million viewers and was the most watched episode of the seventh season in the United States. The episode aired in the United Kingdom and Ireland on Sky1 on May 7, 2000 and received 1.00 million viewers and was the third most watched episode that week. Fox promoted the episode with the tagline "Something is driving Mulder insane. Something he's been searching for. Something he shouldn't have found." The episode was later included on "The X-Files Mythology, Volume 3 – Colonization", a DVD collection that contains episodes involved with the alien Colonist's plans to take over the earth.
Critical reception was mixed to positive. Tom Kessenich, in his book "Examination: An Unauthorized Look at Seasons 6–9 of the X-Files" gave the episode a positive review, noting that the episode takes the themes of "Biogenesis" and "runs with them". Den of Geek writer Nina Sordi ranked "The Sixth Extinction," along with "Biogenesis" and "," as the fifth best episode of the series, writing, "it is evident that as ["The X-Files"] progressed, the episodes surrounding those storylines and the breaking points Mulder and Scully endured push them further and further towards total, irreversible defeat. This is especially poignant when viewing this anxiety inducing trio of episodes." Monica S. Kuebler from "Exclaim" magazine called "The Sixth Extinction", along with "Biogenesis" and "Amor Fait", one of the "best" episodes during the show's "colonization" phase. Kenneth Silber from Space.com wrote positively of the episode, hoping that it foreshadowed answers to come, writing, "As the middle installment of a three-part story and what was then thought to be the final season premiere of "The X-Files", 'The Sixth Extinction' is suffused with a somber pre-apocalyptic mood, but one vivified by the possibility that soon we'll have answers to the most important outstanding mysteries of the series." Ken Tucker from Entertainment Weekly gave the episode a "B+". He praised series creator Chris Carter's writing ability, saying that "the kickoff episode suggests the author's limitless imagination for sustaining his alien-nation tropes".
Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", rated the episode three-and-a-half stars out of five. The two called the episode "the most arresting season opener in years" and noted that it "promises that maybe there's life in the old mythology yet." Shearman and Pearson, however, did critique the lack of finality to the episode, but attributed most of this to the fact that the episode was the second of a three-part mythology tale. Not all reviews were so positive. Paula Vitaris from "Cinefantastique" gave the episode a negative review and awarded it one-and-a-half stars out of four. She noted that "Mulder's situation is handled just poorly" and argued that Mulder's illness was created solely to provide a cross-season cliffhanger. Todd VanDerWerff of "The A.V. Club" awarded the episode a "C" and called it a "weird bridge". Largely, he criticized the episode for featuring "no real twists or complications here" in lieu of "things just […] getting worse along a linear path".

</doc>
<doc id="18270510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270510" title="Shahumyan, Ararat">
Shahumyan, Ararat

Shahumyan (, also Romanized as Shahumian and Shaumyan; formerly, Yuva) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia. The town was named after Stepan Shahumyan, a Bolshevik commissar.

</doc>
<doc id="18270512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270512" title="Saunders Davies">
Saunders Davies

Francis James Saunders Davies (born 30 December 1937) was the Anglican Bishop of Bangor from 2000 until 2004.
Davies was educated at the University College of North Wales and Selwyn College, Cambridge. Ordained in 1964, he began his ministry as a curate at Holyhead before being appointed a minor canon of Bangor Cathedral. From 1969 to 1975 he was Rector at Llanllyfni then Vicar of Gorseinon and the rural dean from 1983. He became the Archdeacon of Meirionnydd in 1993 before his ordination to the episcopate.

</doc>
<doc id="18270514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270514" title="Shahumyan, Armavir">
Shahumyan, Armavir

Shahumyan () formerly known as "Molla Dursun", is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia. It was renamed after Stepan Shahumyan, an Armenian Bolshevik commissar.

</doc>
<doc id="18270516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270516" title="Shahumyan, Yerevan">
Shahumyan, Yerevan

Shahumyan (also, Imeni Shaumyana, Imeni Beriya, Shaumyan, and Posëlok Imeni Shaumyana) is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia. The town was named after Stepan Shahumyan, a Bolshevik commissar.

</doc>
<doc id="18270521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270521" title="Shaki, Armenia">
Shaki, Armenia

Shaki (, also Romanized as Shak’i) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 1,611 in 2010, down from 1,390 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270522" title="Alternative versions of the Human Torch">
Alternative versions of the Human Torch

The Human Torch is a Marvel Comics superhero and a member of the Fantastic Four. There have been many alternative versions of him over the years.
1602.
In the "Marvel 1602" universe, Jon Storm is a young hothead who has to leave London following a duel. Along with his sister, who is escaping a man she does not love, he joins Sir Richard Reed on his explorations, and is caught in the radiation of the Anomaly, turning him into a Human Torch. The Four continue their explorations until they are captured by Otto von Doom prior to the original "1602" miniseries.
At the start of the miniseries "1602: Fantastick Four", Jon has rejoined high society, and once more finds himself embroiled in a duel, this time with Lord Wingfoot, who is betrothed to the 1602 version of Doris Evans. When he is called upon to battle Otto von Doom, he kidnaps Doris and takes her with them, believing this is for her own good.
Age of Apocalypse.
In the Age of Apocalypse, Johnny never becomes the Human Torch. Instead, he is among Reed Richards' crew, along with Ben Grimm as pilot and Johnny's sister Susan. Reed Richards attempts to evacuate a full contingent of refugees in his own experimental tran-ship, but a mutant saboteur interferes with the launch. Johnny and Reed sacrifice themselves to save the others from the forces of Apocalypse.
Earth-98.
In Earth-98 universe, Johnny married Crystal and has a daughter named Luna and a son named Ray. He is also the leader of the Fantastic Four. He first appeared in "Fantastic Four / Fantastic 4 Annual" (1998).
Earth-A.
The Earth-A version of Johnny does not join Reed and Ben in their trip to space. He serves in the Vietnam War, where he is believed to have been killed. However, Johnny is found and saved by Arkon, who gives him superpowers and the new identity of Gaard.
Heroes Reborn.
In the Heroes Reborn history of the Marvel Universe, created after a battle with Onslaught, Johnny is an owner of a popular casino and part financial backer of Reed Richards' plan to go into space. His handprint is one of two — the other being his sister's — needed for launch. His rivalry with Ben Grimm now extends into much more dangerous areas, such as a potentially deadly game of 'chicken' without thought to the life of the woman in his passenger seat.
After being attacked by agents of Doctor Doom, Johnny ends up going up into space on Reed's spacecraft prototype as he really had nowhere else to go. The entire launch base had been overtaken by enemy forces and it was miles to civilization. It is during the flight a cosmic anomaly imbues him and the others with their powers. After the crash of the prototype, Johnny would prove more reliable, recovering Reed Richards and rescuing his own sister.
House Of M.
In the "House of M: Iron Man" limited series, Johnny Storm is a contestant on a reality game show called "Sapien Death Match." He has no inherent superpowers, but wears a suit of powered armor that has a 'flame on' ability.
Marvel Mangaverse.
In the Marvel Mangaverse comics, the Human Torch is portrayed by two separate characters spanning two very different continuities. The first character is a member of the Megascale Metatalent Response Team Fantastic Four on Earth-2301a and the mirror opposite of Earth-616's Johnny Storm in terms of personality. The team uses power-packs to boost their talents to manifest at mecha-sized levels in order to combat Godzilla-sized monsters that seem to constantly attack Earth. In volume two of Mangaverse, which takes place on Earth-2301b, the character of Johnny Storm has been replaced with a young woman named Jonatha Storm, who is the half-sister of Sioux Storm. Jonatha is quite hotheaded; sometimes riding into battle singing "I am the Goddess of Hellfire." She denies being impulsive, saying she can only be described that way in comparison to her "neurotic" teammates. In "New Mangaverse" Jonatha is slightly redesigned to look a few years younger than she did in volume one of Mangaverse, and no longer wears her hair in multiple braids, instead sporting two pigtails on each side of her head. After witnessing the murder of the other Fantastic 4 members by supernatural assassins, she joins Spider-Man, Spider-Woman (Mary Jane Watson), Black Cat, Wolverine, and Iron Man, in hopes of getting revenge.
Marvel Zombies.
In this alternative universe crazed Reed Richards recently infects Johnny Storm, Sue Storm, and Ben Grimm with the zombie virus. The three then turn Reed into a zombie and the four of them go on a rampage with the other zombies. Eventually Reed contacts the Ultimate Reed and gets him to come to the infected universe. Johnny travels with the three others to the Ultimate Universe. They attack the Fantastic Four there but are thwarted, and are locked up in a containment cell. Johnny eats live animals and loathes the Ultimate version of himself, remarking that he especially hates his hair. When they escape the four attack the Baxter Building. Ultimate Reed switches bodies with Ultimate Doom and takes on all four zombies. Johnny is last seen being torn apart and extinguished by Reed in Dr. Doom's body.
MC2.
In the MC2 alternative future Johnny leads the Fantastic Five. He is married to Lyja and they have a son Torus Storm (who calls himself "Super-Storm" when role-playing as a hero). Torus has inherited both his father's flame powers and his mother's stretching / shapeshifting powers.
Ultimate Marvel.
In the Ultimate Marvel Universe, Johnny Storm is the youngest child of Franklin Storm, but is not as intelligent as his sister and father. He spent time at the Baxter Building, but his rebellious nature meant that he learned little from his time spent there. Although he is portrayed as being very vain, narcissistic, and displays some misogynistic tendencies, he is also shown to have a deep devotion to his friends and family. He is good friends with Spider-Man, and has a friendship/friendly rivalry with Bobby Drake due to each other's respective powers.
He is present at Reed Richards' test of the N-Zone Teleportation Device in the Nevada Desert. After a malfunction in the device, he wakes up in France in a hospital bed. He uncontrollably bursts into flames until he learns to control his powers by saying "Flame On" and "Flame Off.". When Mole Man's creatures attacks, Johnny finds out he can fly while on fire. It is explained by Reed that Johnny's combustion makes him lighter than air. Johnny's body is covered with a microscopically thin film of transparent plates that make him impervious to flame. When he activates his powers, fat cells beneath his skin create clean nuclear fusion and jet out between the plates as plasma which then ignites on contact with air. Periodically, Johnny enters a hibernation where his old layer of skin peels off as ash while a new layer forms underneath. Unlike the mainstream Human Torch, Ultimate Johnny's power sometimes have detrimental effects on his health, specifically causing unhealthy levels of weight loss and exhaustion.
In issues #68 and 69 of "Ultimate Spider-Man", Johnny meets Spider-Man when his sister says he has to finish high school. Johnny picks a school in Queens which happens to be Midtown High. He quickly meets and becomes friends with Peter Parker, Mary Jane and Liz Allan. At a bonfire, he catches fire and scares off Liz Allan. He arranges to meet Liz, but she does not show up.
Encouraged by Mary Jane, Spider-Man shows up instead and gives Johnny a heart-to-heart talk about great power and great responsibility. Together, they save people from a burning building when Johnny absorbs the flames. Spider-Man shows Johnny that they will not always be appreciated by the public.
In issue #98 of "Ultimate Spider-Man", the Fantastic Four learn Spider-Man's identity, and Johnny recognizes Peter. In issue #101, Nick Fury and a regiment of Spider Slayers try to arrest Peter but are stopped by Johnny and the rest of the Fantastic Four.
In the "Spider-Man and his Amazing Friends" story arc (beginning with issue #118 and concluding in issue #120) Johnny returns to Midtown High wanting to spend time with real friends after becoming frustrated on a date with a popular pop-star who only came for publicity. After some prodding, Johnny arranges for a group consisting of himself, Peter, Mary Jane, Kitty Pryde, Kong, Bobby Drake and Liz Allan (Johnny's apparent romantic interest) to have a somewhat normal day at the beach. During the evening bonfire, mirror his last visit, Liz Allan bursts into flame, exposing herself as a mutant. At the end of the arc, Liz returns to the Xaiver Institute with Iceman.
In Issue #129 of "Ultimate Spider-Man", Johnny attends another unsuccessful date with the same pop-star as before and after again becoming frustrated calls Peter Parker to give him an excuse to leave. Johnny laments that he does not know any nice girls and has no real way of meeting any, and wants Peter to set him up. After flying off, he encounters The Vulture mid-robbery. Johnny attempts to stop him, but is thwarted several times before being assisted by Spider-Woman (a female clone of Peter Parker who is still mentally Peter up to the point of her "birth" in the Clone Saga story arc, a fact not disclosed to Johnny). Johnny proceeds to follow her around asking her for details about who she is, going as far to flirt with her. The very embarrassed Spider-Woman swings off.
Throughout the first story arc of "Ultimate Comics: Spider-Man" (the continuation of "Ultimate Spider-Man"), Johnny Storm appears at Peter Parker's door and passes out in his arms. When he wakes up he informs Aunt May that he does not wish to return to the Baxter Building. Aunt May decides to let him live with her, Peter and Gwen (later also adding Bobby Drake to the household as well). As to not raise suspicion and to not reveal Peters' secret identity, Aunt May comes up with the idea of coloring Johnny's hair black and changing his name to Johnny Parker, Peters cousin. She then enrolls him and Bobby at Midtown High along with Peter and Gwen. The school is then attacked by a Spider-Slayer, created by Mysterio, to hunt down Spider-Man. Johnny runs away from the school before "Flaming On", as to not reveal his new secret identity, then returns to aid Peter in the fight, only to discover that the Shroud has already taken care of it. Johnny decides to melt the remains of the Spider-Slayer anyway.
Later when Norman Osborn escapes alongside The Vulture, Kraven the Hunter, Electro, Doctor Octopus, and The Sandman, Johnny and Bobby find them at Peters home and Johnny manages to knock Osborn unconscious before sandman does the same to him. Spider-Man then wakes him up to fight Osborn again but Johnny only succeeds in adding to Osborn's power before being knocked out yet again. Afterwards Spider-Man is killed after defeating Osborn and the other supervillains and Johnny is the one who checks to see if he truly is dead.
Ultimate Johnny appears briefly in issue one of Ultimate Fallout. In this issue, distressed by Peter's death he screams and releases most of his energy above the city.
Johnny eventually joins Kitty Pryde's team of mutants in the pages of . He elects to stay behind and defend a group of younger mutants in the Morlock tunnels while Kitty, Iceman, Jimmy Hudson, and Rogue decide to head to the Southwest to fight off the Sentinels.
Johnny also makes an appearance in the "Ultimate Spider-Man" video game, in which he challenges Spider-Man to a series of races.
Adam Warlock.
On Counter Earth, counterparts of the Fantastic Four hijack an experimental spaceship in order to be the first humans in space. Man-Beast negates the effects of the cosmic radiation for all of them except Reed Richards who succumbs to the effects a decade later. Johnny Storm's counterpart is shown though nothing is specifically said about him.
"What If?" Vol. II #11.
In "What If?" vol. 2 #11 (March 1990), the origins of the Fantastic Four are retold, showing how the heroes lives would have changed if all four had gained the same powers as the individual members of the original Fantastic Four. In "Pyros", all have the power of the Human Torch; after the team sets fire to what they believe to be an uninhabited area in order to battle a monster, they inadvertently cause a death; the guilt causes them to disband, after which Storm becomes a race car driver and Grimm adopts the Human Torch moniker and joins the Avengers. In "Team Elastics", all have the power of Mister Fantastic, but Grimm and the Storms believe their powers to be silly and do not become superheroes; Johnny uses his powers to gain fame, fortune, and women. In "Monstrous", all become monsters, and relocate to Monster Isle. In "The Phantoms", each gain one aspect of the invisibility power, with Johnny able to become intangible. The story focuses on the four becoming a special secret unit of S.H.I.E.L.D. which defends against an attack by, and ultimately captures and places in custody, Doom.

</doc>
<doc id="18270523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270523" title="Shamakhyan">
Shamakhyan

Shamakhyan is a town located in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270530" title="Shamb">
Shamb

Shamb () is a village and part of the Darbas community in the Syunik Province of Armenia.
External links.
http://shamb.am

</doc>
<doc id="18270531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270531" title="Shamiram, Armenia">
Shamiram, Armenia

Shamiram (, also appearing as Shamiran) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270533" title="Budralazine">
Budralazine

Budralazine (INN) is a vasodilator.

</doc>
<doc id="18270534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270534" title="Need (disambiguation)">
Need (disambiguation)

A need is something actually, or perceived as being, necessary. It can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18270536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270536" title="Kendall Jagdeosingh">
Kendall Jagdeosingh

Kendall Jagdeosingh (born May 30, 1986 in Manzanilla) is a Trinidadian footballer who currently plays for Trat F.C. in the Thai Division 1 League.
Career.
Club.
Jagdeosingh began his career in his native Trinidad, playing four seasons for North East Stars and Caledonia AIA in the TT Pro League.
Jagdeosingh joined the Puerto Rico Islanders in the USL First Division in 2007. He helped the Islanders win the 2008 USL First Division regular season title and progressed to the semi finals of the CONCACAF Champions League 2008–09.
On February 16, 2011, Jagdeosingh signed with Rochester Rhinos of the third division USL Pro league. The contract is for one year with a club option for 2012.
In March 2012, Jagdeosing signed with Chainat F.C. alongside fellow Trinidad national Yohance Marshall.
International.
Jagdeosingh played for the Trinidadian national U-20 U-21 U-23 team, and was part of the Trinidad squad which competed at the 2007 CONCACAF Gold Cup. He also participated in several of Trinidad's early qualifying games for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. and qualifying games for the 2014 fifa World Cup and an international friendly against Finland on January 22, 2012

</doc>
<doc id="18270541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270541" title="Shamut">
Shamut

Shamut () is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270543" title="Shatin, Armenia">
Shatin, Armenia

Shatin (; formerly, Shatik, Hesan Kand, Gasankend, and Hasankand) is a town in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia. The town is home to the only mountain goat observation point in Armenia. The observation point was constructed with the help of the Norwegian and Armenian governments, the World Wildlife Fund and Safari organizations. Tourists can come to see the mountain goats from these observation points. The village also has several archeological sites from various periods in Armenian history.

</doc>
<doc id="18270545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270545" title="Shatjrek">
Shatjrek

Shatjrek (, also Romanized as Shatjreq; formerly, Koshabulakh, Koshabulag, and Ghoshabulagh) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270548" title="Shatvan">
Shatvan

Shatvan (; also, Shatavan; formerly, Narimanlu, Agalu, and Guseyn Kuli) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. The town's cemetery dates to the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18270553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270553" title="Shavarut">
Shavarut

Shavarut is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270555" title="Shenatagh">
Shenatagh

Shenatagh (, also Romanized as Shenat’agh and Shenatag; formerly, Shinagat, Lernashen, and Lerrnashen) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 422 in 2010, up from 390 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270560" title="Shenavan, Aragatsotn">
Shenavan, Aragatsotn

Shenavan (; formerly, Chotavet, Blkher and Bulkheyr) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270575" title="Shenavan, Armavir">
Shenavan, Armavir

Shenavan (; until 1946, Kyalagarkh and Kolagarkh) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270576" title="B. americanus">
B. americanus

B. americanus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18270579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270579" title="Josef Csaplár">
Josef Csaplár

Josef Csaplár (born 29 October 1962 in Ostrov nad Ohří) is a Czech football manager and former player. He is currently the head coach of the Czech Republic U17 team.
Playing career.
Josef Csaplár began with the football at the age of twelve years at Spartak Příbram.
1979 he moved to UD Příbram, where he jumped into the first team managed. In the 1985/86 season he played for Sklo Union Teplice, from 1986 to 1987, he completed his military service in VTJ Tábor and VTJ Karlovy Vary. Then he played again for Teplice before it in the 1988/89 season for the SK Rakovník auflief.
From 1992 to 1996 he left his career with the Lower club TSV Waldkirchen end.
Non-Playing Career.
While he still played Csaplár already worked as a youth coach at UD Příbram. In 1996 he took over the B-team.
In 1998, he was head coach of first division team, after only six points from twelve games in November 1998 dismissed. Then he worked as an assistant coach in Pribram.
In 2001, he and Ladislav Škorpil trainer at Slovan Liberec, the Trainer duo (Csaplár was only officially co-coach) won with the team the Czech championship.
In the 2003/04 winter break, he moved from Slovan Liberec coach on the chair from Slavia Prague, the team fell from the third to fourth place.
In April 2005 ended prematurely Slavia cooperation with Csaplár, as the team only on a disappointing fourth place was.
For the 2005/06 season Csaplár signed a two-year contract with Panionios Athens, but after only three months in office dismissed. At the end of 2005 he took over the Polish Erstligist Wisła Płock, with whom he discussed the 2006 Polish Cup won.
In 2008 Csaplár worked with Everton F.C. as a scout.
In September 2008 he became the manager of Czech first division side Viktoria Žižkov, replacing Stanislav Griga, but in November he was sacked after just 55 days in the job, with the club at the bottom of the league table.
In 2011, he was head coach of the Czech Republic U17 team, which qualified for the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup for the first time in its history.

</doc>
<doc id="18270582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270582" title="Shenavan, Lori">
Shenavan, Lori

Shenavan (; formerly, Kzloran and Kyzloran) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270586" title="Preston Richards">
Preston Richards

Preston D. Richards (born September 15, 1881) was an assistant solicitor for the state department of the United States under J. Reuben Clark during the Taft Administration. He was also a leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). 
In 1907, Richards wrote a biography of early Mormon leader Willard Richards. Early on in his life, Richards served as a high school principal. In 1908, Richards was a delegate to the Republican National Convention. He then studied law at the University of Chicago. From there he became assistant solicitor of the state department and later formed a private law firm with Clark. Hugh B. Brown would later work for this law firm.
In 1920, Richards was a member of the general board of the LDS Church's Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18270587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270587" title="Shenkani">
Shenkani

Shenkani (; until 1978, Korbulakh, Korbulag, Kr'oyigegh, and K'yorbulagh) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270588" title="Shgharshik, Aragatsotn">
Shgharshik, Aragatsotn

Shgharshik (, also Romanized as Shgarshik; until 1935, Sheikh Haji and Shkhadzhi) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270598" title="Shgharshik">
Shgharshik

Shgharshik (also, Shgardzhik) is a town in the Syunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270602" title="Shikahogh">
Shikahogh

Shikahogh (, also Romanized as Shikakhokh) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The name originated from () meaning Red land. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 189 in 2010, down from 272 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270611" title="Shikhlar">
Shikhlar

Shikhlar (also, Shkhlar) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270623" title="Boutaya">
Boutaya

Boutaya is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 740.

</doc>
<doc id="18270626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270626" title="Shirak, Armenia">
Shirak, Armenia

Shirak (; formerly, Kunakhkran and Konakhkran) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270629" title="Diarra-Betongo">
Diarra-Betongo

Diarra-Betongo is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 840.

</doc>
<doc id="18270633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270633" title="Diella">
Diella

Diella is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 476.

</doc>
<doc id="18270634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270634" title="Shirakamut">
Shirakamut

Shirakamut (; also, mistakenly, Shirakarnut; formerly, Nalband) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.
The town was the epicenter of 1988 Spitak earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="18270640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270640" title="Shirakavan, Armenia">
Shirakavan, Armenia

Shirakavan (; formerly, Tavshankishlag) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270642" title="Gnekouneta">
Gnekouneta

Gnekouneta is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 175.

</doc>
<doc id="18270644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270644" title="Shishkert">
Shishkert

Shishkert () is a village in the rural community of Tsav, Syunik Province, Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population as 342 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270648" title="Shorlu">
Shorlu

Shorlu (also, Mets Shorlu Demurchi and Bol’shiye Demurchi) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270649" title="Kareta">
Kareta

Kareta is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 841.

</doc>
<doc id="18270652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270652" title="Patrick O'Driscoll">
Patrick O'Driscoll

Patrick Florence O'Driscoll (14 January 1878 – 8 August 1949) was an Irish Clann na Talmhan politician. A farmer by profession, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Clann na Talmhan Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork West constituency at the 1943 general election. He was re-elected at the 1944 general election and did not contest the 1948 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18270654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270654" title="Korgoreya">
Korgoreya

Korgoreya is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 424.

</doc>
<doc id="18270666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270666" title="Koungou, Burkina Faso">
Koungou, Burkina Faso

Koungou is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 821.

</doc>
<doc id="18270673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270673" title="Landre">
Landre

Landre is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 209.

</doc>
<doc id="18270679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270679" title="Mangare">
Mangare

Mangare is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 441.

</doc>
<doc id="18270682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270682" title="Shorzha">
Shorzha

Shorzha (, also Romanized as Shorja; formerly, Nadezhdino and Shordzhalu) is a village located along Lake Sevan northwest of the Artanish Peninsula in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. There is a 17th-century chapel and cemetery on the south edge of the village. On the hill overlooking the village, there are the ruins of a chapel, and somewhere in the vicinity are the remains of an Iron Age fort.

</doc>
<doc id="18270685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270685" title="Shrvenantz">
Shrvenantz

Shrvenantz (, also Romanized as Shrvenants and Shrvenants’; formerly, Daymadaglu) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 76 in 2010, down from 72 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270686" title="Possodo">
Possodo

Possodo is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 836.

</doc>
<doc id="18270687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270687" title="Shurnukh">
Shurnukh

Shurnukh () is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The community includes the villages of Shurnukh, Vanand, Aghbulagh, and Dzorak.
The community's population was 224 in 2010. The village had a population of 148 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270690" title="Samprabissa">
Samprabissa

Samprabissa is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 104.

</doc>
<doc id="18270692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270692" title="Sipan, Armenia">
Sipan, Armenia

Sipan (; until 1978, Pamb Kurdskiy, P'amb Kurd, P'ambak, and Pamb) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270693" title="Sipanik">
Sipanik

Sipanik (, also Romanized as Sip’anik) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270695" title="Sangou-Nazela">
Sangou-Nazela

Sangou-Nazela is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 71.

</doc>
<doc id="18270697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270697" title="Sis, Armenia">
Sis, Armenia

Sis (; formerly, Uliya Sarvanlar and Sarvanlar) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270704" title="Sisavan">
Sisavan

Sisavan (; formerly, Yengidzha) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270707" title="Saoupo">
Saoupo

Saoupo is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 650.

</doc>
<doc id="18270708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270708" title="Francis Carolus Eeles">
Francis Carolus Eeles

Francis Carolus Eeles (1876 – 17 August 1954, Dunster), OBE, was an English liturgical scholar and church historian.
Eeles was on the Advisory Committee of the Warham Guild, established in 1912. He was the first secretary of the Central Council for the Care of Churches, serving as honorary secretary from 1917 and paid secretary from 1926 until his death in 1954. He was made OBE in 1938. In 1939 he began systematically collecting details of English parish churches in order that they might be restored after wartime damage. Eeles bequeathed his books to form the nucleus of the library of the Council for the Care of Churches. His papers are held at the Church of England Record Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18270709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270709" title="Sizavet">
Sizavet

Sizavet (; formerly, Korakhpyur, Koragbyur, and Tsakhkashen) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270712" title="Siznak">
Siznak

Siznak is a town in the Syunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270713" title="Alternative versions of the Thing">
Alternative versions of the Thing

The Thing is a Marvel Comics superhero and a member of the Fantastic Four. He has many alternative counterparts throughout the Marvel Multiverse.
1602.
In Neil Gaiman's "Marvel 1602", Benjamin Grimm is the captain of the ship "The Fantastick", before gaining his abilities from the Anomaly. His power is associated with the classical element of earth.
In the sequel "1602: Fantastick Four" Benjamin has found work as an actor with William Shakespeare's troupe, where he can hide his monstrous form behind false whiskers as Falstaff. He is soon forced to reveal himself, however, when Otto von Doom's vulture soldiers kidnap Shakespeare.
Age of Apocalypse.
In the Age of Apocalypse, Ben Grimm never became The Thing, but instead was a Human High Council Agent, fighting Apocalypse's forces, alongside Clint Barton (Hawkeye), Donald Blake (Thor), Carol Danvers (Ms. Marvel), Gateway, Gwen Stacy, Tony Stark (Iron Man), Susan Storm (Invisible Woman), and Victor Von Doom (Doctor Doom). In his place, Bruce Banner becomes a Grey-Hulk-like monster called the Thing. in "What If?: X-Men Age of Apocalypse" #1 (2007), Ben is a member of the Defenders, the Age of Apocalypse version of the Avengers/Ultimates.
Age of Ultron.
In the Age of Ultron, the Thing along with Human Torch and Mister Fantastic are shown to seemingly perish by attacks from multiple Ultron drones.
Earth-A.
In this universe, Ben and Reed Richards are the only occupants of the experimental spacecraft that exposes them to cosmic rays. Ben is called "Mr. Fantastic" and has stretching and flame powers instead. This version first appeared in "Fantastic Four" #118 (Jan. 1972).
"The End".
In this setting, the entire Solar System is being colonized by humanity, with humanity undergoing a Golden Age because of the use of technology developed by Reed Richards in an effort to create an utopia. The Thing is married to Alicia Masters, has three super-powered children, and resides on Mars with the In-humans. He is now capable of shifting between human form and 'Thing' form at will.
Heroes Reborn.
In this alternative universe, Ben and Johnny share a more dangerous adversarial relationship, knowing each other even before the ill-fated spaceflight.
House of M.
In the "House of M" limited series, Ben is the pilot in Reed Richards' voyage to space, alongside Susan Storm and John Jameson. Like the others, Grimm is mutated, though he is the only survivor of the rocket's explosion. Ben is transformed into a rock-skinned creature with superhuman strength and a diminished intellect. He is taken in by Dr. Doom, who names him the It. The It becomes one of the Fearsome Four, though he is treated like an animal and often the victim of Doom's frustrations.
Marvel Mangaverse.
In the Marvel Mangaverse comics Benjamin (pronounced "Ben-ya-meen") Grimm is a member of the Megascale Metatalent Response Team Fantastic Four.
MC2.
In the alternative future timeline of the Marvel universe published under the MC2 imprint, Ben is still a member of the Fantastic Four, whose roster has expanded to make them the Fantastic 5. In this future, he is married to Sharon Ventura and has a set of twin children by her (Jacob and Alyce), though they are now divorced. He appears alongside the F5 whenever they appear in the "Spider-Girl" series and related miniseries.
New Amsterdam.
In "Marvel Two-in-One" #50 (April 1979), Reed Richards advises Ben that that the cure Reed has developed for his condition will not work. Ben time-travels to the past to give himself the cure at an earlier stage, where it might work. It does, but on return to the present, nothing has changed. Reed advises him that he succeeded only in creating an alternative universe. In "Marvel Two-in-One" #100 (June 1983), Reed examines records of that trip and determines that Ben did not create that reality after all, based on a newspaper that shows the name of the city as "New Amsterdam" instead of "New York". Ben returns to that reality, where Ben Grimm is a bartender and the leader of the remaining humans in a post-apocalyptic city.
Ruins.
In Warren Ellis' 1995 "Ruins" miniseries, Ben refuses to fly Reed's ship the "Astraea", feeling it inadequately engineered. Victor von Doom pilots it instead. This results in the horrific mutation and subsequent deaths of all on board. Grimm avoids becoming the Thing, but is left to live with the guilt of thinking he could have prevented the tragedy. Ben Grimm's decision to refuse Richard's offer seems to be the single moment that caused this reality to go horribly wrong, with ramifications leading to a corrupt government, concentration camps and the horrific fates of the would-be Marvels of this universe.
Ultimate Marvel.
In the Ultimate Marvel universe, Ben is Reed's childhood friend: Ben would protect Reed from bullies and Reed would help Ben with his homework. When Ben is invited to watch Reed's teleportation experiment, he is caught in it with Reed and the others. The resulting event gives Ben a rocky hide and enormous strength. 
Later, Ben transforms again, potentially thanks to Reed, back to a more human form, as if the rocky exterior were a cocoon. In his new form, he typically appears human, but his skin may take on a purple glow accompanying moments of strength. Other abilities include the capacity to move through Susan's force fields and others hinted at but yet unclear. 
At the end of the Doomsday trilogy, Ben and Susan were engaged. 
Adam Warlock.
On Counter Earth, counterparts of the Fantastic Four hijack and experimental spaceship in order to be the first humans in space. Man-Beast negates the effects of the cosmic radiation for all of them except Reed Richards who succumbs to the effects a decade later. Ben Grimm's counterpart is shown.
What If?
In "What if Doctor Doom had Become the Thing?" (February 2005), Doom befriends Reed Richards during their college days, and Ben is left out. Dropping out of college, Ben joins the Army. Doom and Reed go ahead with their experimental rocket. When the cosmic rays turn Doom into a Thing-like creature, he attacks Reed, sending him into a gamma bomb test site, where Ben is stationed. Ben saves Reed from the bomb's radiation, but is transformed into a Hulk-like creature. Calling himself "Grimm", he fights and defeats Doom. After Reed calms him down, Ben joins him in forming the Fantastic Four.
In "What If?" vol. 2, #11 (March 1990), the origins of the Fantastic Four are retold in four stories, each showing how the heroes lives would have changed if all four had each gained the same powers as the individual members of the original Fantastic Four.
Marvel Zombies/Ultimate Fantastic Four.
In this miniseries, the Thing, along with the other three Fantastic Four, is a cannibalistic zombie, because of an alien virus infection, that has spread to all heroes.Reed Richards has gone out of his mind, and delibrately infected Sue Storm, Johnny Storm, and Ben Grimm.
They turn into zombies and infect Reed himself, too. Zombie Reed contacts Ultimate Reed and his Ultimate team counterparts and is subsequently foiled. They are even foiled by Magneto, who had saved Ultimate Reed from the zombies. Thing and the others find Ultimate Doctor Doom's body swapped with Ultimate Reed. Ultimate Reed (in Ultimate Doom's body) kills all of the Fantastic Four. Thing is killed by Reed/Doom, when he rips off his arm, and beats him to death with it.

</doc>
<doc id="18270717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270717" title="Soboya">
Soboya

Soboya is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 360.

</doc>
<doc id="18270718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270718" title="Nzhdeh, Armenia">
Nzhdeh, Armenia

Nzhdeh (); formerly known as "Pusak" () and "Soflu" (), is a village and rural community in the Syunik Province of Armenia. It is named aftre the Armenian military leader Garegin Nzhdeh.
The community of Nzhdeh includes the villages of Nzhdeh and Tsghuni. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported the community's population as 188 in 2010, up from 185 at the 2001 census. The village's population was 114 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270721" title="Sorik">
Sorik

Sorik (; until 1935, Zorba and Dzorba) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270722" title="Soper, Burkina Faso">
Soper, Burkina Faso

Soper is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 727.

</doc>
<doc id="18270723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270723" title="Sotk">
Sotk

Sotk (, until 1991 Zod) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.
History.
At the end of the nineteenth century Zod was a village with 1100 Azeri inhabitants. It grew into a town during the region's industrialization in the 1960 and 1970s, primarily due to the exploitation of the Zod gold mines. There is now a gold mine and a light metallurgy fabrication in the outskirts of the town. The town has a ruined Armenian basilica church said to date from the 7th century, with 13th century gravestones in its walls. The town was mostly populated by ethnic Azeris until 1988, when they fled to Azerbaijan as a result of ethnic clashes. The refugees from Zod founded the village of Yeni Zod in the Goygol rayon of Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="18270726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270726" title="Alashkert, Armenia">
Alashkert, Armenia

Alashkert (); known as "Kyarimarkh" until 1935, is a villag in the Armavir Province of Armenia. It was known as Sovetakan between 1935 and 2008. In 2008, the village was renamed Alashkert, after the historic Western Armenian town of Eleşkirt.

</doc>
<doc id="18270733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270733" title="Sovkhoz Nomer Shest">
Sovkhoz Nomer Shest

Sovkhoz Nomer Shest or Sovkhoz Nomer Shest’ (Russian for "Sovkhoz number six"; formerly, Imeni Stalina) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270734" title="Yerba-Peulh">
Yerba-Peulh

Yerba-Peulh is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 165.

</doc>
<doc id="18270736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270736" title="Paghaghbyur">
Paghaghbyur

Paghaghbyur (; formerly, Sovugbulakh and Sovukbulagh - meaning "cold spring") is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270741" title="Yergoya">
Yergoya

Yergoya is a village in the Zonsé Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 500.

</doc>
<doc id="18270742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270742" title="Spandaryan, Shirak">
Spandaryan, Shirak

Spandaryan (; until 1946, Gyullija and Kulidzhan) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia. The town was renamed in 1946 in honor of Armenian revolutionary Suren Spandaryan.

</doc>
<doc id="18270747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270747" title="Spandaryan, Syunik">
Spandaryan, Syunik

Spandaryan (; formerly, Meliklar, Maliklar, Meliklu, and Kalachik) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 486 in 2010, up from 446 at the 2001 census. The area contains the Spandaryan Hydro Power Plant, one of Armenia's largest hydro power plants and the Spandaryan Reservoir to the northwest of the village itself.

</doc>
<doc id="18270750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270750" title="Wayne D. Wright">
Wayne D. Wright

Wayne Danforth Wright (August 21, 1916 - March 11, 2003) was a Champion American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey who won all three of the Triple Crown races in different years.
Wayne Wright began riding in his small town of Rexburg, Idaho and by age ten was riding in area fairground races. He began his professional career at age fourteen at a racetrack in Reno, Nevada where he got his first win on July 15, 1931. Soon his skills saw him move to the race with the best on the New York State racing circuit where in 1934 he was the United States Champion Jockey by earnings and won the first of his three Triple Crown races. In 1936 he again led all American jockeys in earnings, winning stakes races on the U.S. East Coast plus in California where he won the West's most prestigious races at Santa Anita Park, the Santa Anita Derby and Santa Anita Handicap. 
In 1939, Wright appeared in the Columbia Pictures film, "Columbia World of Sports: Jockeys Up" in which future National Radio Hall of Fame and American Sportscasters Hall of Fame inductee Bill Stern went to Santa Anita Park and spent the day visiting the stables and meeting with several jockeys, trainers, and horses. [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1192565/]
Triple Crown wins.
At age seventeen, Wayne Wright won his first Classic race, taking the 1934 Belmont Stakes with Peace Chance. The following year he got his best result out his other four Belmont rides when he finished third on Rosemont. 
Wright had six mounts in the Kentucky Derby, finishing second in 1936 and third in 1935 before winning the race in 1942 aboard Shut Out. Wright got the ride on Shut Out after Greentree Stable's star jockey Eddie Arcaro chose to ride the stable's top colt Devil Diver who finished sixth.
Wayne Wright also had six rides in the Preakness Stakes. In addition to his win in the 1945 Preakness Stakes on Polynesian, of his five other rides he had second place finishes in 1935 and in 1937.
Aboard two Triple Crown champions.
Wayne Wright was recognized as one of the best jockeys in North America and as such two owners and their trainers entrusted their Triple Crown champions to him. In 1935, Wright rode the Triple Crown winner Omaha to a win in the Dwyer Stakes and the Arlington Classic. In 1937, after Charley Kurtsinger was sidelined with an injury, Wright rode Triple Crown champion War Admiral to victory in the 1938 Jockey Club Gold Cup, Whitney Handicap and Saratoga Cup.
Retirement.
Battling weight gains throughout his career, Wayne Wright retired from riding in 1950. He then spent some time training horses until 1956 when he and his wife Nadia purchased an farm next to where his sister lived near Wellington in Smith Valley, Nevada.
In 2003, eighty-six-year-old Wayne Wright died in hospital in Yerington, Nevada.

</doc>
<doc id="18270753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270753" title="Spitak (village)">
Spitak (village)

Spitak (also, Lernantsk and Lerrnants’k’) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270756" title="Srashen">
Srashen

Srashen (; formerly, Kilisakyand) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 91 in 2010, down from 105 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270759" title="Suser">
Suser

Suser (; until 1946, Klichatakh and Ghlijatagh) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270761" title="Svarants">
Svarants

Svarants (, also Romanized as Svarants’) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 270 in 2010, down from 360 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270766" title="Sverdlov, Armenia">
Sverdlov, Armenia

Sverdlov (; formerly, Aydarbek) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.
The village hosts 6th century St. George Church which was renovated and re-consecrated in 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="18270769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270769" title="Cultural Center (Baltimore Light Rail station)">
Cultural Center (Baltimore Light Rail station)

Cultural Center is a stop on the Baltimore Light Rail system. It is served by all three services that the Baltimore Light Rail operates. There is currently no free public parking at this station. Connections can be made to 9 of MTA Maryland's buses from here.
The Cultural Center stop is located within a close walk of the State Center Metro Subway Station, and is one of two locations where it is possible to transfer between the light rail and the Metro Subway. When Metro trains stop at the State Center station, "State Center/Cultural Center" is announced to let riders know of the transfer option.

</doc>
<doc id="18270770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270770" title="Syunik (village)">
Syunik (village)

Syunik (, also Romanized as Syunik’; formerly, Siznak and Syznak) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. 
The community of Syunik contains the villages of Syunik, Bargushat, Ditsmayri, Khordzor, and Sznak. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported that the community's population was 1,294 in 2010, up from 1,023 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270771" title="Objective Productions">
Objective Productions

Objective Productions is a UK-based television production company, based in London and Glasgow, that was founded by Andrew O'Connor and Michael Vine in 1991. It is run by O'Connor, (Chair), Vine, Paul Sandler (Joint Managing Directors), Andrew Newman (Chief Executive) and Stuart Duthie (Finance Director).
Objective Productions is responsible for producing comedy, entertainment, and magic shows for a range of television broadcasters including Channel 4, BBC, ITV, Five, E4 and More 4 in the UK and CBS, NBC’s Sci Fi Channel and other broadcasters in the USA.
Objective Productions has also presented live theatre performances, including illusionist and magician Derren Brown’s Laurence Olivier Award-winning British theatre tours. They have won awards at BAFTA, RTS Awards, British Comedy Awards, Rose d'Or, Monte Carlo Golden Nymphs, South Bank Show Awards and many others including a Guinness World Record and has also received well over 50 further award nominations for its productions. Objective Productions is owned by global production and distribution company All3Media.
Notable productions from Objective are "The Real Hustle", "Peep Show", "The Cube", "Derren Brown", "Fresh Meat"

</doc>
<doc id="18270775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270775" title="Goghovit">
Goghovit

Goghovit (; until 1978, Taknalu and Taknali) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Shirak Province of Armenia. The town's church dates from 1860. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 389 in 2010, down from 396 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270779" title="Tala, Armenia">
Tala, Armenia

Tala is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270787" title="Talin (Verin Talin)">
Talin (Verin Talin)

Talin (also, T’alin, Verin Talin, and Verkhniy Talin) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270792" title="Madrona Valley, Seattle">
Madrona Valley, Seattle

Madrona Valley is a predominantly residential neighborhood in Seattle south of Madison Valley, west of Madrona, north of the Central District, and east of Cherry Hill. Madrona Valley is one of Seattle's fastest gentrifying neighborhoods.

</doc>
<doc id="18270809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270809" title="Alternative versions of Mister Fantastic">
Alternative versions of Mister Fantastic

Mister Fantastic is a Marvel comic book character, who has had many alternate versions through various media.
Age of Apocalypse.
In the alternate reality known as the Age of Apocalypse, Richards never got his powers as he was never bombarded with cosmic radiation in space. Instead he attempted to evacuate a large group of humans from Manhattan when Apocalypse came into power. Along with Ben Grimm as the pilot and his friends Johnny and Susan Storm as crew, Richards used one of his prototype rockets to fly off the island. Unfortunately, a mutant sabotaged the launch and both Reed and Johnny sacrificed themselves to let the others blast off safely.
Bullet Points.
In "Bullet Points", Dr. Reed Richards is drafted by the government to act as technical support to Steve Rogers, who in this reality is Iron Man. Along with Sue, Ben and Johnny, he later attempts the rocket flight that in the mainstream continuity saw the creation of the Fantastic Four, but the flight is sabotaged and the rocket crashes, killing everyone aboard except Reed. He thus never develops superpowers, and following the tragedy, he accepts the position as Director of S.H.I.E.L.D. Having lost his eye in the rocket crash and taken to wearing an eyepatch, he bears a strong resemblance to Nick Fury.
Council of Reeds.
The Council of Reeds consists of at least four alternate versions of Reed Richards, with different powers, intellects, and abilities, who have banded together across realities. Although the 616 Reed made contact with them, he withdrew from the Council when he learned that they were versions of himself that might have been without the influence of his family; according to Reed, they have all lobotomised their Victor von Dooms. Due to an accident caused by Valeria Richards, they have gained access to the 616 reality, forcing Reed to assemble a team of his old enemies - including Doctor Doom, the Wizard, and the Mad Thinker - to try to outthink himselves before they destroy this world.
Counter Earth.
The Counter-Earth version of Reed Richards is from a world created by the High Evolutionary. His exposure to cosmic rays gives him the ability to transform into a savage purple-skinned behemoth called the Brute. The Brute makes his way to Earth, where he traps Mister Fantastic in the Negative Zone and replaces him. He manages to trap the Human Torch and the Thing shortly thereafter, but is found out by the Invisible Woman, who rescues her teammates and leaves the Brute trapped in their place. The Brute is later a member of the Frightful Four. He first appeared in "Marvel Premiere" #2 (May 1972).
Dark Raider.
An alternate Reed Richards from Earth-944, he first appeared in "Fantasic Four" #387 (April 1994). He is driven mad when he fails to save his reality's Earth from Galactus. Taking the identity of the Dark Raider, he travels from reality to reality on a quest to destroy every possible version of himself. The Fantastic Four first encounter him when they traveled to an alternate past and see younger versions of themselves die at his hands. When the Dark Raider comes to the Fantastic Four's reality, he attempts to activate the Ultimate Nullifier, but is apparently destroyed by Uatu. This appearance of Uatu is later revealed to be Aron, the Rogue Watcher, who had simply teleported the Raider away. The Dark Raider returns, and is finally killed by the Invisible Woman in the Negative Zone.
Earth-A.
In this reality, only Reed and Ben Grimm go up in the experimental spacecraft. Reed is transformed by cosmic radiation into The Thing, while Ben gains the stretching powers of Mr. Fantastic and the flaming powers of the Human Torch. This version first appeared in "Fantastic Four" #118 (January 1972)
Exiles.
An Earth dominated by hedonistic Skrulls since the late nineteenth century is attacked by Galactus, a planet-eater. Reed here simply portrayed as an inventive genius with nothing to confirm that he possesses the powers of his 616 counterpart- leads the super-human effort to drive off Galactus and save the planet. He becomes one the caretakers of Thunderbird, a dimension hopping hero who had been severely injured in the battle.
Marvel 1602.
Set in the 17th century "Marvel 1602" universe, Reed (apparently called Sir Richard Reed, although he is often addressed as "Sir Reed" or "Master Richards") is the leader of 'The Four from the Fantastick', and his pliability is compared to water. Sharing the genius of his counterpart, he has devised uses for electrical force, categorized the sciences, and speculated as to whether light has a speed.
According to Peter David, who is writing a "Marvel 1602" miniseries about the Four, Gaiman describes Sir Richard as even more pedantic than the mainstream Mr. Fantastic. During a trip to Atlantis, Richard Reed had trouble accepting the idea that the Atlanteans had a connection to Poseidon or their brief encounter with the Watcher, until Susan helped him realise that just because such things could not be understood by their present standards did not mean that humanity could not come to understand them later.
Marvel Apes.
The Reed of this reality is an intelligent ape given stretching powers by exposure to cosmic radiation, as in the mainstream Marvel universe. He tries to find a way to bring Marty "The Gibbon" Blank back to his home reality. He is also one of the few that realizes Captain America is really a disguised Baron Blood, though he is impaled and killed in an attempt to stop the vampire from trying to invade Earth-616 for a new source of blood. The rest of the team are led to believe Marty is responsible for Reed's death and pursue him until discovering the truth.
Marvel Mangaverse.
In the Marvel Mangaverse comics, Reed Richards leads the Megascale Metatalent Response Team Fantastic Four as a commander, not a field operative like Jonatha, Sioux, and Benjamin. In Mangaverse, Richards has been re-imagined as a long-haired intellectual with a laid-back attitude. The other members of the team often describe him as a "smartass". His team used power packs in order to manifest their talents on mecha-sized levels so that they may fight the Godzilla-sized monsters from alien cultures that attack Earth for performing experiments which endanger all of reality. Along with assigning battle tactics, Richards okayed the amount of power his team was allowed to use. He has stretching talents which he considered "near useless" except for stretching his neurons, allowing him to brainstorm new ideas. In New Mangaverse, Richards (along with the rest of the Fantastic Four with the exception of the Human Torch) was murdered by ninja assassins.
Marvel Zombies.
This version of Reed Richards deliberately infects his team and thus himself with the zombie virus when his newly infected team attacks him (which he happily allowed, having deliberately infected them with the virus), after suffering a mental breakdown due to the murder of his children at the hands of a zombified She-Hulk. Regarding the zombies as a superior form of life, Reed sets out "to spread the Gospel", a twisted plan to start turning the survivors of the Marvel Universe into zombies which succeeds. Reed later assists his fellow zombies in tracking down several Latverian human survivors; they escape to alternate dimensions but Doctor Doom does not. Using the dimensional-crossing technology, Reed subsequently makes contact with his Ultimate counterpart. With Ultimate Reed having created his own transporter, the Zombie FF attempts to escape into the Ultimate Marvel universe when Ultimate Reed makes contact with some of the survivors of the plague, but the zombie Reed is neutralized when the Ultimate Invisible Girl destroys a chunk of his brain, allowing the Ultimate team to contain their counterparts. When the Zombie FF try to escape after a brief period of imprisonment, Ultimate Reed Richards (in Doctor Doom's body) is able to defeat them, using necrosis against his zombie counterpart by covering him with maggots, and their corpses returned to their universe. It is suggested in "Marvel Zombies: Evil Evolution" that Richards was inadvertently responsible for allowing the zombie virus to infect this reality through the construction of a device allowing access to alternate dimensions, namely he was responsible for bringing in the zombie Sentry, the only zombie left..
MC2.
In the MC2 continuity, Reed Richards is badly scarred and he designs a small robot into which he claims to have transferred his brain when his body was damaged; in reality, Richards' injuries are minor, and he controls the robot remotely from an outpost in the Negative Zone. This robot, called Big Brain, is a member of the Fantastic Five, and is capable of projecting force fields and can hover or fly. When Reed solves the problem keeping Susan in stasis in the Negative Zone, the mental block preventing his scars from healing dissolves, and his appearance returns to normal.
In an alternate universe in the MC2 line where The Red Skull conquered the world and killed that worlds Captain America. Reed serves as an advisor for Doctor Doom who in this continuality killed Red Skull. After Doom and Crimson Curse fall into a portal Richards turns on fellow advisor Helmut Zemo. Later he becomes a mad scientist, aided by evil versions of Ben Grimm, Franklin Richards and Peter Parker. They are defeated by Spider Girl, Thunderstrike and Stinger.
When Dr. Doom returns, Reed is forced into a mental duel with the villain, which ends in a tie that banishes both their minds to the "Crossroads of Infinity". He is currently in Latveria, under the care of his wife.
Mutant X.
In the alternate universe visited by Alex Summers, a.k.a. Havok, the Fantastic Four seemingly have no powers, though Reed still has his genius level intelligence. Reed generally wears a battle suit with two extra arms. In his first appearance, he is attempting to build a machine that will allow the Goblin Queen to summon demons from another dimension. When the Goblin Queen makes her play to conquer the world, Reed is right at her side. In the final issue of the series, Reed joins a makeshift team of villains and heroes in order to stop the Goblin Queen's threat against the entire multiverse. He is interrupted in his work by Dracula, who slices open his throat, killing him.
Ultimate Marvel.
In the Ultimate Marvel Universe, Reed Richards is brought closer to the stereotypical scientist; he is as brilliant as his original counterpart (with an IQ of 267), but he is somewhat awkward, younger, and wears glasses. He comes from an abusive family. His father Gary shows no regard for him and views his accomplishments with contempt. His mother is warmer towards him but is constantly trying to maintain peace between the two. His middle name is also given as Nathaniel. He becomes part of a "think tank" with other advanced youths, their headquarters being the Baxter Building. He is mentored by Professor Storm and meets Johnny and Sue Storm. As in the normal universe, Ultimate Reed Richards is romantically involved with Sue Storm. Ben Grimm is his only friend and protector.
In issues 21 through 23 of "Ultimate Fantastic Four", Reed Richards is able to establish a link to what readers believed was the normal Marvel Universe, communicating with a projection of the original Reed Richards via a special device. When he attempts to travel to the alternate universe, however, he arrives in a world infested by zombies, including a zombified Fantastic Four. Ultimate Reed Richard's conversations with the false projection of his regular counterpart suggest that in the Ultimate universe, Mr. Fantastic is less skilled and has much less experience than the Zombie Mr. Fantastic, if the false projection is to be believed.
While it is still questionable as to whether or not the intelligence of the Mister Fantastic of the Mainstream Marvel Universe (Earth-616) was affected by the Cosmic Rays, "this" version of Mister Fantastic definitely experiences an increase in his intellect from the accident that empowered him, making his "mind as flexible as his body," and "getting smarter every day", and has shown a reduced need for sleep due to the hyper-efficient workings of his brain.
According to "Ultimate Fantastic Four" #7, Ultimate Reed's body has been radically transformed, and his only internal organ is a "bacterial stack" that generates energy (presumably from air) to fuel his body. This obviates the need to explain, for example, how his circulatory system can pump his blood when his body is stretched the length of a football field; he simply has none. Lacking a digestive system, he has no need to eat or drink. Similarly, because he has no lungs, Ultimate Reed does not need to breathe in any conventional human sense and can survive in environments lacking oxygen; however, during his time in the N-Zone, where the atmosphere is essentially acid, he is unable to breathe the air there, suggesting that he still requires air to a certain degree.
The Ultimate Mr. Fantastic does have a limit to the length he can stretch to. In "Ultimate Fantastic Four" #44 he is able to catch a falling Carol Danvers after she is dropped by the Silver Surfer, and upon setting her down, he admits that it hurt him to stretch that far.
After the events of "Ultimatum", the Ultimate Fantastic Four decided to disband and Reed and Sue break up. In "Ultimate Enemy", he is shown to be living with his parents again before an explosion seemingly kills them.
In "Ultimate Mystery", Richards has been assumed dead by Carol Danvers and Nick Fury. At the end of the series, Susan Storm and Rick Jones discover that Reed Richards is alive and apparently in alliance with the attacking aliens.
"Ultimate Doom" sees Richards confronted by the remaining members of the Fantastic Four, as well as Spider-Man, Mahr Vehl, and the Ultimates. As the story unfolds, it becomes clear that Reed Richards' world view has changed, and he has become something more like an Ultimate Kang the Conqueror.
In "Ultimate Fallout" #4, Richards is revealed to have survived his defeat and is shown trapped in the Negative Zone. He soon escapes and makes his way back to his world, where he vows to win back his friends by saving the planet.
In "", Reed Richards is revealed to be the creator of The City and the Children of Tomorrow, a race of genetically engineered supermen whom have gone on to consume and conquer Asgard, two hundred square miles of European landscape, and oppose S.H.I.E.L.D. and the Ultimates. The main villain of the series, Reed has come back from the distant future - having been unable to age due to his powers - and the top of his head has been 'stretched' in order to increase his intelligence and allow him to keep up with his own creations. It is not until he reveals his face to Thor that the Ultimates know his true identity.
"What If?".
Marvel's "What If?" comic book series featured several alternate versions of Reed Richards and the Fantastic Four.
Spider-Man in the FF.
In at least three issues of "What If?", Spider-Man joined the Fantastic Four, but his presence resulted in Sue feeling increasingly sidelined in favour of the four male members of the team, resulting in her leaving the team to marry the Sub-Mariner. Although Reed was briefly driven insane and declared war on Atlantis, he eventually recovered and the two apparently reconciled, resulting in the 'Fantastic Five' reforming once again.
Vol. I #6.
In "What If?" #6 (Dec 1977), after the team are exposed to cosmic rays, they develop powers based on their personalities. Ben Grimm grows large dragon-like wings (because he loves flying), Johnny Storm gains metallic skin and the ability to control metal (due to his love of cars), Sue Storm gains the ability to stretch and reshape her body (because her personality caused her to try to fit in with the more dominating friends), while Reed Richards vast intellect causes him to become a giant floating brain. Reed's brain is destroyed during a battle with Doctor Doom, but not before he manages to transfer his mind into Doom's body. This version of the Fantastic Four reappeared in the Volume II story arc 'Timestorm', summoned by the Watcher to persuade the man who would become Kang/Immortus not to become a threat. Richards' still being unused to his new body was shown to be among the factors limiting their effectiveness.
Vol. I #11.
In "What If?" Volume 1, #11 (May 1978), an alternate universe is shown wherein the original 1960's staff of Marvel Comics became the Fantastic Four, with Stan Lee himself as Mister Fantastic, described as slowly gaining a scientific intellect akin to that of the character he still writes in that world. Jack Kirby, who becomes the Thing, co-wrote and drew the issue.
Vol. II #11.
In "What If?" vol. 2 #11 (March 1990), the origins of the Fantastic Four are retold, showing how the heroes lives would have changed if all four had gained the same powers as the individual members of the original Fantastic Four.

</doc>
<doc id="18270840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270840" title="Tanahat">
Tanahat

Tanahat (, also Romanized as T’anahat; formerly, Dzhomardlu and Jomardlu) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population as 76 in 2010, up from 42 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270846" title="Tandzatap">
Tandzatap

Tandzatap () is a village and rural community in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 100 in 2010, up from 99 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270851" title="Machanayim">
Machanayim

Machanayim is a game similar to dodge ball that is often played by in Orthodox Jewish schools and summer camps. The name Machanayim (sometimes spelled Machanaim) comes from the Hebrew word meaning "two encampments" or, in this case, two teams.
Game Play:
Players are divided into two encampments and the room is split in two with the teams facing each other. The playing area does not extend all the way to the back of the room or court - the two far ends are left empty, and one volunteer, typically one of the better players, from each team is placed behind the opposing team. This player is called "the captain".
A ball is thrown into play at the start, although it is not activated (see below). The game is similar to Dodgeball, in that players try and throw the ball at opponents. When a player is hit, they are out. 
The difference between Machanayim and Dodgeball is that when a player is out in Machanayim, they are still part of the game. Rather than leaving the court, the player goes to the end area behind the opposing team, joining the original volunteer from their team. 
Activation:
The ball is only eligible for use in getting others out once it has been "activated". To activate a ball, a player must throw it to any other player, on either team, without it hitting the ground. The ball is announced "alive" when it has been activated. As soon as the ball hits the ground, it is pronounced "dead" and needs resuscitation.
Ball Types:
Almost any spherical mass can be used to play Machanayim, the only rule being that it must be easily catchable by most players. To that extent, very small balls (like a pea) or very large ones (like a weather balloon) should not be used. Basketballs are generally considered too heavy and can cause injury. Soccer balls and volleyballs are the most popular.
Winning:
When one team runs out of players (they are all behind the opposing team), the captain goes into the middle. The captain has more than one "life" (can be up to 3) Some games allow the captain to give over one of his lives to another team player to give the captain respite. Once the captain is out 3 times, the other team wins.
Similar games.
Machanayim is similar to the German or Austrian variant of dodge ball called Völkerball and the Byzantine game of Ishuzikumunjahisktiahnd.

</doc>
<doc id="18270855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270855" title="Message (disambiguation)">
Message (disambiguation)

A message in its most general meaning is an object of communication.
Message may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18270883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270883" title="Gaspereau Vineyards">
Gaspereau Vineyards

Gaspereau Vineyards is a small winery located in the Gaspereau River Valley of Nova Scotia. The vineyard encompasses and is 3 kilometres from downtown Wolfville. It is one of ten wineries in Nova Scotia, representing a blooming industry in the province. The winery produces a number of red and white wines, available in dry, off dry, and semi dry. Additionally, icewine and maple wine are made.
History.
Once an apple orchard, the vineyard was planted in 1996 by Hans Jost of Jost Vineyards. 

</doc>
<doc id="18270891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270891" title="Johnson County Courthouse (Wyoming)">
Johnson County Courthouse (Wyoming)

The Johnson County Courthouse in Buffalo, Wyoming was built in 1884. The Italianate style building adjoins the former Johnson County Library, which is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Construction.
On April 19, 1881, Wyoming Territorial governor John Wesley Hoyt appointed two Johnson County residents as the first county commissioners of Johnson County. They organized the first county election on April 27, 1881. On June 27, 1881, the newly elected commissioners met, and purchased the Lone Star Dance Hall and stables to be used as offices for the county.
By November 1883, it was apparent that the former dance hall was not a secure place for the county's records, and that the condition of the building was such that repairs would not be practical. The commissioners felt that Johnson County needed a new facility for its records, courtrooms, and prisoners. The commissioners requested bids on April 30, 1884, and reviewed the bids on June 8, 1884. The low bid of $81,650 from Edward and James Curran was accepted, and they were awarded the contract.
Architecture.
The Johnson County Courthouse is a good example of the Italianate style of architecture. The stilted arch window openings with pronounced keystones and the consoles on cornices are characteristics of this style. Bricks for the courthouse were made from clay soil mined from a location just south of the Buffalo City Park. Kilns at the foot of the Big Horn Mountains provided the lime for the mortar.
The structure has changed little since it was built in 1884, except for the removal of the bell tower. The courthouse is two stories high, built of red brick, and is situated above street level. A border of white was painted under the eaves, and an emblem of the rising sun occupies the space high above main doorway facing east. The door way is recessed.
In the early days, heat was provided by wood and coal stoves. A steam heating system was installed, and at that time the bricks of the foundation were cemented over, and a chimney on the north side was removed. At one time, a hallway led to a door on the south side. However, a vault was needed for storage so the door was closed off and the vault constructed where the hallway had been. The courtroom was remodelled after World War II. More recent remodelling in 1973-1974 included an enclosed counter on the main floor hallway. The jail has been moved to a separate structure. The long twin stairways, one on each end of the main hall, have not been modified. These curving wood stairways with their ornamental stringers are in excellent condition. There is also wood panelling in the main hallway which is distinctive.

</doc>
<doc id="18270892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270892" title="Michigan–Wacker Historic District">
Michigan–Wacker Historic District

The Michigan–Wacker Historic District is a National Register of Historic Places District that includes parts of the Chicago Loop and Near North Side community areas in Chicago, Illinois, United States. The district is known for the Chicago River, two bridges that cross it, and eleven high rise and skyscraper buildings erected in the 1920s. Among the contributing properties are the following Chicago Landmarks:
Other notable sites include Pioneer Court the Jean Baptiste Point Du Sable Homesite (401 North Michigan), which as the site of Chicago's first permanent residence is a National Historic Landmark, and the Wrigley Building (410 North Michigan). The district is immediately north of the Historic Michigan Boulevard District. The district includes contributing properties with addresses on North Michigan Avenue, East Wacker Drive, North Wabash Avenue and East South Water Street. Other streets in the district are Rush Street, Hubbard, Illinois and Kinzie. The majority of these properties are on Michigan, with addresses ranging from 230 North Michigan to 505 North Michigan. The district also includes parts of Michigan, Wacker and East South Water, which are all among the many multilevel streets in Chicago. The district hosted two bridges and one monument among its contributing properties at the time of its 1978 nomination. Most of its contributing high-rise buildings and skyscrapers are of either Gothic or Baroque architecture.
It was listed as on the National Register of Historic Places on November 15, 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18270937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270937" title="Dennis Cocke">
Dennis Cocke

Dennis Geoffrey Cocke (June 2, 1924 – July 2, 2008) sat as a Member of the British Columbia Legislature as a New Democratic Party member from 1969 to 1986 for the seat of New Westminster.
He grew up on a farm in Athabasca, Alberta and served in the Royal Canadian Air Force during World War II.
Cocke served as Minister of Health under Dave Barrett from 1972 to 1975. In that capacity he created the BC Ambulance Service, replacing a patchwork of private and municipal enterprise with a province-wide system, professional standards and certification, and with newly designed and purpose-built ambulance vehicles. He also led the building of Queen's Park Hospital, and the reconstruction of Royal Columbian Hospital.
He died at the age of 84 at the Royal Columbian Hospital after suffering a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="18270938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270938" title="Gowerton RFC">
Gowerton RFC

Gowerton Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club based in Gowerton near Swansea, Wales; officially founded in 1884. Gowerton RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
Gowerton RFC presently run a Senior XV, Seconds and Junior teams.
Notable past players.
"See also :Category:Gowerton RFC players

</doc>
<doc id="18270950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270950" title="Home equity protection">
Home equity protection

Home price protection generally comes in the form of an agreement that pays the homeowner if a particular home price index declines in value over a period of time after the protection is purchased. The protection is for a new or existing homeowner that wishes to protect the value of their home from future market declines. 
The protection afforded is designed to alleviate the risk of future negative real estate price movement. Home price protection is often offered by the seller as an incentive to purchase the home. Realtors, real estate brokers, mortgage brokers and title companies are all beginning to adopt the use of home price protection to facilitate the underlying home purchase. The parties to the home transaction often share in the cost of the protection but generally the home seller will use a portion of the home proceeds to pay for the protection at closing. The housing market seems to be responding and the protection is available nationwide. 
The term first entered the mainstream in 2002 as several scholars at Yale University worked in conjunction with a program in Syracuse, NY, which was developed with the intent of increasing home ownership in neighborhoods on the verge of collapse that were marred by ever declining home prices. The Syracuse non-profit program, called Home HeadQuarters, was sponsored by the Syracuse Neighborhood Initiative, and a homeowner could protect the value of their home for a one-time fee of 1.5% of the home's value. In many cases, a local organization would pay the fee for the homeowner if they agreed to live in the home for 3 years. Similar programs were developed in other municipalities to encourage home ownership in specific areas that were considered to be at risk of losing home value due to increased rental conversions and other factors.
On December 4, 2008 at the height of the real estate crisis Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke suggested that what the real estate market needed to recover was a hedge to restore confidence. In response to a reporters question about why the government does not provide such a guarantee he responded that the private sector was best suited to providing the solution of home price protection. The protection that Mr. Bernanke called for is now available.
Current prices range from 1–3% of the home value with the national average being 1.7%.
Waiting periods are required in many of the programs to prevent the owner of the home price protection agreement from gaming the system. Some programs require lockout periods of as many as 15 years, which is generally considered too long as it is a rare case for a home to lose value over any historical 15-year period in the United States (in most cities). 
The protection generally covers all sales to unrelated parties including short sales but will not cover foreclosures. Most home price protection programs also have a limit on the amount of the claim that can be made generally ranging from 10% to 20%.
Hedging.
Any protection contract is essentially providing a hedge to the owner against declining home prices. The provider (protection seller) of the contract will generally have a significant reserve in place and will also hedge their risk using housing futures from the CBOE Chicago Board Options Exchange & CME Chicago Board of Trade and other real estate short strategies to help mitigate losses. Some providers utilize reinsurance from A rated carriers to provide more durable secondary risk protection.
Payouts.
Losses are generally measured by a nationally recognized house price index such as Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight (OFHEO), Radar Logic, First American Core Logic, or the S&P Case-Shiller index.
Differences from Insurance.
Most home equity protection products are not insurance and do not require an insurable interest from the buyer of protection, however some providers offer an insurance version of the product.
Swaps.
There are some similarities with swaps, particularly total return swap and credit default swaps.

</doc>
<doc id="18270968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270968" title="Danthala Venkata Meher Baba">
Danthala Venkata Meher Baba

Danthala Venkata Meher Baba is a popular cricketer of South India; he represented Andhra Pradesh in the Ranji Throphy Cricket Championship from 1971 to 1989, he also represented the Hyderabad Ranji Trophy Team in 1978; He was a left-hand batsman and left-arm spinner with 16-year first-class career spanning from 1970 to 1987. He made 2649 runs, with a highest of 134 not out against Goa, He also scored 20 half centuries and took 173 wickets with his slow left arm orthodox bowling with five for 32 being the best bowling figures, he had a total of five five-wicket hauls.
Early years.
Meher Baba was born on 2 January 1950 in Kakinada, East Godavari District, Andhra Pradesh in India, he was the only son of Shri. Danthala Ramayya Naidu and Smt. Danthala Padmamma. He was named after Avatar Meher Baba. Meher Baba, started to play cricket at an age of 17, where he was selected to represent East Godavari District in the Junior State selection Championship in 1967 in Kakinada. He showed exceptional skill in his left arm orthodox spin bowling and left hand batting, his consistent performance in the Junior State Cricket Championship got him selected to represent the Andhra Ranji Trophy Team in 1971.
Cricket career.
Meher Baba made his debut against Mysore (now Karnataka) held on 8,9,10 January 1972 (3-day match)in Vijayawada. Meher Baba took his first wicket on 27 October 1972, against Kerala at Kurnool, this was his 4th first class match. Because of inconsistent debutant performances in the first 5 matches, Andhra's Captain B Mahendra Kumar dropped Meher Baba from the playing 11, against Tamil Nadu in Madras on 3 December 1972. Andhra however lost this match by 105 runs.
Under a new captaincy of B.Ram Prasad, Meher Baba was brought back into the playing 11 the next season, on 3 November 1973 against Hyderabad on Kottagurem. Batting first Andhra were all out for a low score 51, in which Meher Baba stayed not out scoring 14 runs. He bowled an excellent spell of 15 overs taking 5 wickets for 32 runs, in which he tore apart the Hyderabad batting line up of K Jayantilal, N Mehta, Mumtaz Hussain, ML Jaisimha and Abdul Hai. He complete the season with 11 wickets in 4 matches. Meher Baba scored his debut 50 (59 run out) against Karnatake on 11 November 1974. Meher Baba played a match winning role in the second innings against Kerala at Guntur on 16 December 1974, where Meher took 3 wickets for 22 runs in 11.2 overs. This victory by 22 runs against Kerala on 16 December was the first ever for Andhra since his participation in the Ranji Trophy Championship. Andhra went on to win another nail biting match by just 1 run against Tamil Nadu at Salem on 6 January 1975.
Family.
His wife Smt. Danthala Uma Maheshwari retired as Section Officer, Andhra Pradesh Secretariat. His daughters Archana and Padmaja represented the AP Women's cricket team, Archana also played for Inter State south zone while his son Srikkanth represented Andhra Under-19 and South India Under 19 Teams.
Education and job history.
Meher Baba, dropped out of BDS from Govt Medical College in Machilipatnam, because of personal heath issues and later pursued his bachelor’s degree in Agriculture from the Acharya N G Ranga Agricultural University, in Rajendranagar, Hyderabad. Meher Baba was offered a clerical job in Andhra Bank, with an agreement to be part of the first Andhra Bank cricket team, to participate in the prestigious Hyderabad Cricket Association's A division institutional cricket league. He formed a champion team along with famous cricketers like Abid Ali, Narsimha Rao (Babji), Vijay Paul, Bhasker Ram Murthy and Jyoti Prasad.
Retirement.
Meher baba played for Andhra Bank for 25 years and retired from the institutional cricket after 4 years of his first class cricket retirement in 1989. As a Zonal Manager, he took voluntary retirement from Andhra Bank in 2001. Meher Baba later worked for Jagruti Bank in Sainikpuri as a Branch Manager for 2 years and later resigned his post.
BCCI Selection Committee.
After his retirement from Cricket, Meher Baba was appointed to be part of the Under-19 National Selection committee in 1989. He was notable for his selection of cricket greats like Rahul Dravid & VVS Laxman to represent the under-19 Indian cricket team. Meher Baba was in the National selection committee from 1990 to 1996. For more than 12 years, Meher Baba was an important member of the Andhra Cricket Association Selection Committee, for Ranji Trophy team selections as well as the Under-19 Team selections.
Cricket coaching.
Meher Baba played an active role as a cricket coach, he was appointed as the cricket coach from the Andhra Ranji Team from 1999–2005. He was also the coach for the Under-19 Andhra State team in 1998. Meher also was an active coach at the Aibara Cricket Camp in Secunderabad, Sports Coaching Foundation in Masab Tank, Cricket Academy in Sainikpuri as well as Women's coaching foundation in Maredpally.
Fecilitation.
In 1992, BCCI honoured Meher Baba with a benefit match, as a gesture of his contributions to India cricket. The benefit match was conducted between Gavaskar XI and Mohammad Azharuddin XI at Srikakulam. Andhra Cricket Association honoured Meher Baba in 2007, at his home town in Rajamundry.
Death.
Meher Baba battled against Lung Cancer for 2 years, and died on 16 January 2008 at his residence in Sainikpuri, Secunderabad, AP. His death was condolenced by the media, the Hyderabad Cricket Association as well the Andhra Cricket Association.
Memorial Cricket Events.
Since 2008, Telugu Association of Canada and Robin Singh Foundation conduct the annual "Danthala Meher Baba Cricket Trophy". In 2012, BCCI has named the Under-16 South Zone inter-state women’s tournament as "Danthala Meher Baba Memorial Cricket Tournament".

</doc>
<doc id="18270973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270973" title="2004 League of Ireland Cup">
2004 League of Ireland Cup

The League of Ireland Cup 2004 was the 31st staging of the League of Ireland Cup.
The 2004 League Cup kicked-off in May. Two non-league club (Kerry League and Mayo League) joined the 24 league clubs in the competition. There was 24 clubs drawn into eight groups of three. Each team played the other two in their group. The winner of each group progressed to the quarter-finals.
Group stage.
Matches played between 3 May and 18 May 2004.
Teams that progressed to the Quarter-Finals are indicated in bold type.
Teams eliminated from the League Cup are indicated in "italics".
Quarter-finals.
Matches played between 14 June and 28 June 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18270976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270976" title="Michael Probst">
Michael Probst

Michael Probst (born 11 November 1962) is a German former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He played two Bundesliga games for Bayern Munich in the 1995–96 season, and was on the bench for the 1996 UEFA Cup Final.

</doc>
<doc id="18270978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270978" title="Tandzaver">
Tandzaver

Tandzaver () is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 212 in 2010, down from 263 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18270987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270987" title="Tandzut, Armavir">
Tandzut, Armavir

Tandzut ( formerly, "Armutlu") is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270989" title="Tandzut, Tavush">
Tandzut, Tavush

Tandzut is a village in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270992" title="Geghasar">
Geghasar

Geghasar (; formerly, Tapanli and Tapan) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18270997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18270997" title="Taronik">
Taronik

Taronik (; formerly Zeyva Turkakan – "Turkish Zeyva", Verin Zeyva, and Malaya Zeyva) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia. One km outside the town is the Iron Age settlement dubbed the Metsamor site.

</doc>
<doc id="18271002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271002" title="Andrew Miller (cricketer)">
Andrew Miller (cricketer)

Andrew John Trevor Miller, born at Chesham, Buckinghamshire on 30 May 1963, was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Oxford University and Middlesex in the mid-1980s.
Miller was a left-handed opening batsman and an occasional bowler. Having made his debut in one match for Oxford University in 1982, he was highly successful for both the university and his county in the 1983 season, making in total 1,002 runs in just 15 matches at a batting average of more than 43. He won a Blue in that year and in the two following seasons, when he played less frequently. His only full season of county cricket was 1986, when he made 963 runs, but he left the first-class game at the end of the following season. 
He later played Minor Counties cricket for Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18271004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271004" title="Taratumb">
Taratumb

Taratumb (, also Romanized as Tarratumb) is a town in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271009" title="Tarsachay">
Tarsachay

Tarsachay is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271013" title="Tashtun">
Tashtun

Tashtun () is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 134 in 2010, down from 170 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271016" title="Tasik">
Tasik

Tasik (, also Romanized as T’asik; formerly, Tazagyukh, T’azagyugh, Gushch’i, T’azak’end, Kushch’i, Kushch’i-T’azak’end, and Ghushch’i) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population as 291 in 2010, up from 274 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271019" title="Tatev (village)">
Tatev (village)

Tatev () is a village and rural community in the Syunik Province of Armenia. It is home to the Tatev monastery. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 892 in 2010, down from 1,042 at the 2001 census.
The village hosts a station of the Wings of Tatev; the world's longest non-stop double track aerial tramway.

</doc>
<doc id="18271023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271023" title="Tavshut">
Tavshut

Tavshut (, also Romanized as T’avshut; formerly, Tazakend and Tazagyukh) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271025" title="1989 FIFA U-16 World Championship squads">
1989 FIFA U-16 World Championship squads

Group A.
Head coach: Craig Brown
Head coach: Paulo Luís Campos
Head coaches: Manuel Rodríguez
Head coach: Aziz Amin
Group B.
Head coach: Eberhard Vogel
Australia.
Head coach: Vic Dalgleish
United States.
Head coach: Roy Rees
Head coach: Homero Cavalheiro
Group C.
Head coach: Carlos Pachamé
Head coach: Zhu Guanghu
Head coach: Sebastian Broderick-Imasuen
Head coach: Bert Goldberger
Group D.
Head coach: Nansoko Sadio
Head coach: Dulio Miranda Mari
Head coach: Ivo Wortmann
Head coach: Carlos Queiroz

</doc>
<doc id="18271026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271026" title="MJB">
MJB

MJB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18271027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271027" title="I'll Be Yours">
I'll Be Yours

"I'll Be Yours" is a 1947 American musical comedy film starring directed by William A. Seiter and starring Deanna Durbin. Based on the play "A jó tündér" by Ferenc Molnár, the film is about a small-town girl who tells a fib to a wealthy businessman, which then creates complications. It was adapted by Felix Jackson from the screenplay for the 1935 non-musical film "The Good Fairy" by Preston Sturges, which was based on the play "A jó tündér" by Ferenc Molnár as translated and adapted by Jane Hinton.
Plot.
Louise Ginglebusher (Deanna Durbin) is a young woman from the small town of Cobbleskill who comes to New York City to make it in show business. In a café, she's befriended by a kindhearted but ornery waiter, Wechsberg (William Bendix), and meets a bearded struggling attorney, George Prescott (Tom Drake). She gets a job as an usherette from Mr. Buckingham (Walter Catlett), the owner of the prestigious Buckingham Music Hall, who's an old friend of her father. 
While working at the Music Hall she meets Wechsberg again, and later when she is accosted by a masher, she gets rid of him by claiming that Wechsberg is her husband. Wechsberg then invites her to come with him the next night when he works at an upscale social gathering at the Savoy Ritz. Louise borrows a gown and comes to the party, where they get her past the headwaiter by claiming she's one of the entertainers. Mingling, she meets the host, J. Conrad Nelson (Adolphe Menjou), a philandering meat magnate, who requests that Louise sing a song. She does, so beautifully that Nelson offers to star her in a Broadway musical. To discourage Nelson's obvious physical interest in her, Louise tell him that she's married, whereupon Nelson offers buy her out of her marriage by paying her husband for his loss. Impetuously deciding to do a good deed, she gives Nelson the business card that George Prescott, the struggling lawyer, had given her, and tells him that George is her husband.
When Nelson visits George the next day in his shabby storefront law office, and offers to make him the legal representative for his company, George is suspicious and refuses the offer, but Nelson allays his concerns by telling the ethical young attorney that he needs an honest lawyer as a role model for his staff – the truth is he wants George on his staff so he can keep him occupied while he pursues Louise. Many complications ensue after Louise gets George to shave off his old-man's beard, revealing the handsome young man underneath, and a stroll in the moonlight provokes George to propose marriage to Louise.
Cast.
Cast notes:
Songs.
"I'll Be Yours" was designed to be a vehicle for Deanna Durbin, and all the songs in it are sung by her.
Production.
"I'll Be Yours" was in production from the middle of August to the middle of October 1946. Background scenes were shot on location in New York City. It was released on 2 February 1947. Among other taglines, it was marketed with ""Heaven Protects the Working Girl...but who protects the guy she's WORKING to get?""
Other versions and adaptations.
Before being adapted by Preston Sturges for the 1935 film "The Good Fairy", the Molnár play had been presented on Broadway with Helen Hayes playing "Lu" for 151 performances in 1931–1932, with another production playing 68 performances later that year. Preston Sturges used his screenplay for that earlier film as the basis for the 1951 Broadway musical "Make a Wish", which had music and lyrics by Hugh Martin.
On radio "Lux Radio Theatre" broadcast a radio adaptation of "I'll be Yours", with William Bendix and Anne Blythe. For television, "Hallmark Hall of Fame" presented "The Good Fairy" on NBC in 1956, produced by Maurice Evans, directed by George Schaefer, and starring Julie Harris, Walter Slezak and Cyril Ritchard.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18271030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271030" title="Tazagyukh, Ararat">
Tazagyukh, Ararat

Tazagyukh (also, Trazagyukh) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271033" title="Teghenik">
Teghenik

Teghenik (, also Romanized as T’eghenik’ and Tegheniq; formerly, Tkhit and Tgit) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271035" title="Teghut">
Teghut

Teghut (, also Romanized as T’eghut) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271037" title="Jim Gatchell Memorial Museum">
Jim Gatchell Memorial Museum

The Jim Gatchell Memorial Museum is an American West museum in Buffalo, Wyoming, housed in a 1909 Carnegie Library building.
Building history.
The Carnegie Public Library in Buffalo, Wyoming was built in 1909 adjacent to the Johnson County Courthouse in the Neoclassical style. Andrew Carnegie provided $12,500 to build a library in Buffalo, contingent upon the provision of a site and $1250 a year for maintenance. A portion of the county courthouse grounds was donated as the site. The building consists of a raised main floor and a large basement level. The rough-faced ashlar masonry features contrasting quoins and belt courses. The facade is arranged as a porch with two slender Norman-style columns "in antis". A semicircular apse projects from the north side of the building.
Jim Gatchell Memorial Museum.
In the late 1980s the Jim Gatchell Memorial Museum acquired and moved into the library. The original museum was founded 1957 and focuses on Johnson County and frontier history. The museum's dioramas feature historic events and life along the Bozeman Trail, including the Wagon Box Fight, the Johnson County War between ranchers in the 1890s, the siege at the TA Ranch and a view of Buffalo's Main Street in 1894. Artifacts include frontier and military weapons, wagons, Native American artifacts, ranching gear, and household and historic items. The grounds include a two-room furnished log cabin.
The Jim Gatchell Memorial Museum is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums.

</doc>
<doc id="18271038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271038" title="Tegher, Armenia">
Tegher, Armenia

Tegher (, also Romanized as Tekher, Dgyr or Dgher; meaning "medicine") is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia on the southern slope of Mount Aragats. It earns its name from the large assortment of healing herbs that are found in the surrounding vicinity. 
The town contains the Monastery of Tegher built in 1213. The ruins of the 9th century village of Tegher (Old Tegher) sit a short distance walk from the monastery. Numerous foundations may be seen, along with the remains of a Tukh Manuk funerary chapel of the 5th century. Nearby is also a medieval to 19th century cemetery with some mausoleums and khachkars.
Nearby is also a large radio telescope as well as an unfinished solar power plant, both from the Soviet era.

</doc>
<doc id="18271041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271041" title="Teghut, Lori">
Teghut, Lori

Teghut (, also Romanized as Tekhut) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271042" title="Charde Houston">
Charde Houston

Charde Lakishia Houston (born April 10, 1986 in Oceanside, California) is a professional basketball player in the WNBA, currently playing for the Phoenix Mercury.
Houston played high school basketball at San Diego High from 2000–2004, where she set the California state scoring record of 3,837 points. After becoming the first in her family to graduate high school in 2004, Houston signed a letter of intent to play college basketball at UConn. Houston graduated in 2008 with a degree in sociology.
Following her collegiate career, she was selected in the 3rd round (30th overall) of the 2008 WNBA Draft by the Minnesota Lynx.
For 2009–2010 season, she plays in French championship in Tarbes, former team of Andrea Stinson and Dawn Staley.
USA Basketball.
Houston was a member of the USA Women's U18 team which won the gold medal at the FIBA Americas Championship in Mayaguez, Puerto Rico. The event was held in August 2004, when the USA team defeated Puerto Rico to win the championship. Houston helped the team win the gold medal, scoring 10.4 points per game.
Houston played for the USA team in the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The team won all five games, earning the Gold Medal for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="18271045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271045" title="Tolors">
Tolors

Tolors (; also, Tolor) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 450 in 2010, up from 406 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271047" title="Torfavan">
Torfavan

Torfavan (; formerly Kamishlu) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271048" title="Torosgyugh">
Torosgyugh

Torosgyugh (, also Romanized as T’orosgyugh and Torosgyukh) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271050" title="Torunik">
Torunik

Torunik (, also Romanized as Torunik’ and Toruniq; formerly, Shikhlar, Kizlshafak, Kizilshafak, Kizilshafag) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 138 in 2010, down from 181 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271054" title="Tavush (village)">
Tavush (village)

Tavush (); formerl yknown as "Tovuz", is a village in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271056" title="Tretuk">
Tretuk

Tretuk (, also Romanized as Tretuk’) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia, near the border with Azerbaijan. It was previously known as Inakdagh and Inakdag, and in 1978-1988 as Yenikend.
It had a population of 183 in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18271059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271059" title="Tsaghkaber">
Tsaghkaber

Tsaghkaber (, also romanized as Tsakhkaber and Tzaghkaber; formerly, Tsakhkashen and Avdibek) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271062" title="Tsaghkahovit">
Tsaghkahovit

Tsaghkahovit (, also Romanized as Tsakhkaovit and Cag'kahovit; until 1946, Gadzhi-Khalil and Haji Khalil) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. There are many Urartian remains which are in the process of being excavated.

</doc>
<doc id="18271064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271064" title="Tsaghkalanj">
Tsaghkalanj

Tsaghkalanj (, also Romanized as Tsakhkaladzh; until 1978, Agdzhakala and Aghjaghala) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia. The town's church, dedicated to Saint Gevorg, dates to the 1870s. There is a neolithic-chalcolithic tell in the village and there are Bronze Age grave mounds nearby. Amenaprkich, a disused medieval settlement is also nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="18271074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271074" title="Nerkin Tsaghkavan">
Nerkin Tsaghkavan

Nerkin Tsaghkavan (); formerly known as "Melikgyugh" or "Melikgegh", is a village in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271078" title="Verin Tsaghkavan">
Verin Tsaghkavan

Verin Tsaghkavan (); formerly known as "Veligegh" or "Veli", is a village in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271098" title="Tsaghkunk, Armavir">
Tsaghkunk, Armavir

Tsaghkunk (, also Romanized as Tsaghkunk’, Tsaghkunq, and Tsakhkunk; until 1946, Abdurahman; formerly, Verkhnyaya Aylanlu and Verin Aylanlu) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia. The town's church dates from the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18271100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271100" title="Tsaghkunk, Gegharkunik">
Tsaghkunk, Gegharkunik

Tsaghkunk (, also Romanized as Tsaghkunk’, and Tsakhkunk, Tsaghkunq, and Tzaghkunk) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.
Tsaghkunk is a village in Gegarkunik region of Armenia, in north-eastern part of Armenia. It is situated at the right bank of Hrazdan river, 40 km north-west from regional center Hrazdan, 60 km from Yerevan and 7 km north-west of Sevan city. It is bordered by village Ddmashen to the west, village Geghamavan to the south, village Tsovaghyugh to the south-east and Dilijan National Reserve to the north-west. Tsaghkunk is located at the foot of Pambak mountains' St. Hovhannes, Abazants, Khachidosh rocks and Tapidosh hill; 1850 meters above sea level.
Historical review.
Tsaghkunk is an ancient historical place: one of the 40 oldest parts of Varazhnunik - Tsaghkuneats (Tsaghkunik) - Tsakhadzor (Darachichak - Zenjerlu) region. Even before 520 BC it had 45 households and was considered the administrative center of Varazhnunik region. Later, in 1828, based on Turkmencha contract Varazhnunik passed to Russia. This is the very date of official establishment of contemporary Tsaghkunk. At the same time 17 families (102 people) moved there from Maku city of Iran. The tendency of immigration to Tsaghkunk continued, i.e. in 1828-1829 many families moved from Khoy and Van cities. The population of Tsaghkunk was growing: while in 1831 there lived 512 people, in 1939 the population peaked to 1675. Based on 2008 data the population of Tsaghkunk was 1186. From 1849 to 1917 the village was part of Nor Bayazet marz of Yerevan region. After the establishment of the Soviet regime it was renamed and became part of Gavar, Sevan, Dilijan, Tshambarak and Hrazdan administrative districts. Currently, Tsaghkunk is in Sevan administrative district of Gegarkunik region.
Tsaghkunk is an ancient settlement. In 1976 while tilling near the stables tractor drivers found woman jewellery, which has a 3.5 thousand-year history; it is currently located in the Institute of Applied Problems of Physics in Yerevan. Even today you can see 8th-century cross-stones in Tsaghkunk.
Climate.
Tsaghkunk village, which is spread in the foot of Pambak mountain range is rich with natural shallow water sources. The water here is cold and soft and usable for drinking. Although the Eastern part of the region is dry and rocky, the rest of it is reach with dark sand. The green land is cozy for animal breeding, like sheep and cattle. The highest peak of the village region is considered Ziarat mount (2233 M).
The land in Alapapakh and Khtorik regions is full with clay-soil. The lack of humus leads to insufficient harvest. Current watering system does not meet the needs of the society, therefore it is necessary to implement innovative methods of the watering system.
Based on the information provided by professor G. Aghajanyan, there are 1600 plant species there among which 1500 are types of flowers. There are abundant number of therapeutic plants, i.e. chamomile, perennial, thyme, dapple, Mayram flower, turtledove, cornflower, etc.
The annual average temperature ranges from 2°C (in higher regions) to 5°C (in lower parts). The average temperature in January is -13°-18°C, whereas in July +15 +20°C. General yearly precipitation is 500–600 mm. However, as records show, there were years when because of insufficient precipitation there was no harvest. Icy rains, which usually occur in July, August, and September have huge damaging impact on the harvest and agriculture in general. Spring and autumn frosts also have their harmful impacts. As records show, there were some years when the frost started in early September and continued till mid-October. Frosty days usually last till the end of June; however, sometimes they can extend till the first fortnight of July. Severe droughts caused damage to agriculture as well. Besides drinking water there was a shortage of irrigation water in Tsaghkunk for centuries.
The villagers are mainly involved in cattle breeding. There are also small areas for cultivating grain crops, potatoes and perennial herbs. A number of households is also involved in beekeeping.
Monuments.
St. Harutyun Church.
St. Harutyun Church is located in the center of the village. There is no historical information preserved. The church is a rectangular basilica building and there is a semi-circular altar in the eastern part of the church and there are two vestries on both sides. The altar is divided from main hall by a stage. The baptistery is in the eastern part of the northern wall. In 1921, after the bomb attack the church was renovated.
There are two 13th-century cross-stones (khachkar) in the lying position built in the western wall (externally) and another one in the southern wall. The church used to have a domed bell tower; however, the destroyed church was reconstructed without it.According to the architectural composition and construction technique the church can be dated to the 19th century. At the front of the church there are seven cross-stones (khachkar) and more than a dozen tombstones (10th to 19th century).
St. Sargis Chapel and Church.
St. Sargis chapel is situated about half a kilometer from the village on the eastern hill. According to architectural analysis and construction techniques it dates back to the 7th century. The floor plan is damaged, and it had probably three-altar structure. The entrance is from the western side. There are cross-stones dated to the 10th to 15th centuries inside and outside the chapel. It is built of polished black basalt and the chapel size is 6.5 x 4.2 m. The chapel was restored in 2006. Next to the chapel the construction of new St. Sarkis Church was completed in 2006. It was designed by architect Vachagan Tadevosyan and was funded by philanthropist Arsen Agadjanyan. The church consecration ceremony took place on October 7, 2006. There is a stone altar placed at the entrance of the church. The nearby cemetery has graves dating to the 10th to 13th centuries.
St. Hovhannes Chapel.
The chapel was built in the 10th to 13th centuries. It is located in the northern part of the village, on the top of the hill. Currently it is destroyed. The cross-stones date back to the 12th or 13th century and are located on the pedestal. It is said that the chapel was the place for making vows. Those who could not return to the village because of inappropriate deeds used to go the St. Hovhannes Church and promised not to return. However, in case of return they crawled to the cross-stones and vowed not to repeat their mistakes and only after that were allowed to return to the village.
Tsiranavor Chapel.
The chapel dates to the 12th to 13th centuries and currently is destroyed. According to village elders, the mediator Simon placed the basalt stone over the cross-stones to make access to cross-stones only on all fours.
Tsaghkvanq Chapel.
The ruins of the chapel are located in the southern part of the village. According to stories told by elders there was a dome church instead of the chapel, however, it was destroyed by Shah Abbas during the deportation of local population in 1604. Later, the chapel was built there. In 1940 the chapel was destroyed and the rocks and cross-stones were used in the construction of the school basis. Currently, the roof is covered by asbestos-cement sheet.
Sakonts Cemetery.
The cemetery is located in the north-western part, and dates back 10 to 20 centuries. There are some anonymous cross-stones and a base of either a church or a chapel full of stones. This needs excavation.
The memorial of Tsaghkunk villagers fallen in the Great Patriotic War.
The memorial complex was initiated and designed by Gagik Avagyan. It is dedicated to the memory of Tsaghkunk villagers fallen during the Great Patriotic war. By the advice of Rafil Mkrtchyan the contract was signed with the sculptor Samvel Manasyan, who had the eagle model of the memorial. Under the auspices of eagle wings the victorious soldier thrust a sword in his left hand into the ground: saying “no” to war and looked at the torch in his right hand. Eagle eyes are directed to the east, waiting for the sun and at the same time protecting the victorious soldier’s back - native land.
Below the memorial the “Wheel of History” wall is built, which presents the aggressive invasion of fascist Germany that turned and shaped the trajectory of human history. There are two water sprigs next to the soldier, symbolizing pureness of their souls. Before climbing the stairs leading to memorial stop for a moment and look at the head of the eagle – the outlines of “Khachi dosh” and “Sev Arot” hills shape wings of the flying eagle. At the front of the memorial, on the basalt stone, the following is engraved, “No one is forgotten, nothing is forgotten”.
The school.
At the end of 19th century one-grade or two-grade schools were opened in Tsaghkunk and in 1907 the czar ordered to open a class with 44 students. Already in 1919, based on evidence, the school was separate from the church. In 1920 houses of many villagers were used as classrooms. Their names are Gevorgyan Aram, Elizbarents, Gevorgyan Gevorg, Sarants Grigor, Mnatsakanants Hovhannes, Poujourants Grish, Agho's Goqor and others. During those times, the village youth continues pursuing in education in Dilijan, Kanaker and Yerevan. In 1939-1940 with the initiative of the head of the village councillor, Garegin Avagyan, and the collective farm director Moushegh Hovsepyan, a school building for 320 students was designed in Yerevan. It was implemented by Sevan utility division office. The construction was over in in 1942.
Later on 7 October 2007 the school building was renovated and named by Hovhannes Tumanyan, an Armenian poet. The renovation was funded by "Dar" foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="18271103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271103" title="Rivergate Tower">
Rivergate Tower

The Rivergate Tower, also known as the Sykes building and commonly referred to as the Beercan building, is a 454 ft (138m) tall skyscraper in Tampa, Florida. With 31 floors, it is the sixth tallest building in Tampa. Rivergate Tower's principle tenant is Sykes Enterprises, a publicly traded company that operates technical help and customer support centers internationally. The building was constructed from 1986 to 1988. Harry Wolf (architect) based its measurements on the Fibonacci series. in which each number is the sum of the two preceding numbers. His design for Rivergate Tower was given the 1993 National Honor Award from the American Institute of Architects. The building is faced in French and Texas limestone, making it one of the tallest limestone structures in the world. The distinctive cylindrical shape was meant to symbolize a lighthouse and represent optimism. The building was purchased by In-Rel Properties in 2011.
The building was constructed in 1988 as headquarters for NCNB, a predecessor to Nations Bank. It cost $150 million. Parking is provided in a two-story sub level structure with a total of 731 spaces. 
An adjacent cube houses a Kahwa Coffee, a bank, and the Florida Museum of Photographic Arts. On April 18, 2012, the American Institute of Architects's Florida Chapter placed the Rivergate Tower on its list of "Florida Architecture: 100 Years. 100 Places". The Gulf of Mexico can be seen from the building. 
Alternate names for the building include its address (400 N Ashley St.) and "the beer can."

</doc>
<doc id="18271105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271105" title="Tsaghkut">
Tsaghkut

Tsaghkut (; formerly, Gyullidzha and Gyullija, ) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.
Population.
According to "Caucasian Calendar" of 1912, 365 people, mainly Azerbaijanis shown in the calendar as «Karapapaks», lived in village Gyullija of Kars Okrug of Kars Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="18271111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271111" title="Tsaghkasar">
Tsaghkasar

Tsaghkasar (, also Romanized as Tsakhkasar; formerly, Verkhniy Pirtikan, Verin Pirtikan, and Pirtikyan) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The town has a shrine dedicated to Tadevos the Apostle and ruins of a cycoplean fort. 

</doc>
<doc id="18271112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271112" title="Tsaghkashat">
Tsaghkashat

Tsaghkashat (, also romanized as Tsakhkashat; formerly, Khachidur) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271114" title="Tsaghkashen, Aragatsotn">
Tsaghkashen, Aragatsotn

Tsaghkashen (, also Romanized as Tsakhkashen; until 1950, Takyarlu and Takiarli) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271117" title="Tsaghkashen, Ararat">
Tsaghkashen, Ararat

Tsakhkashen; formerly known as "Karadaglu", is an abandoned village in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271118" title="Tsaghkashen, Gegharkunik">
Tsaghkashen, Gegharkunik

Tsaghkashen (; also Romanized as Tsakhkashen and Tsaghkachen; formerly Kyarimkend) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia, founded in 1859. The village church dedicated to S. Hovhannes dates to the 9th-10th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18271121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271121" title="Tsakkar">
Tsakkar

Tsakkar (, also Romanized as Tsakk’ar, Tsakqar, and Tzakkar; formerly Dalikdash) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271123" title="Tsamakaberd">
Tsamakaberd

Tsamakaberd is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. It is located just east of Sevan, and contains a cyclopean fortress.

</doc>
<doc id="18271124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271124" title="Tsamakasar">
Tsamakasar

Tsamakasar (, also Romanized as Ts’amak’asar and Tsamaqasar; formerly, Susuz) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The town is the site of Bronze Age burials being excavated.

</doc>
<doc id="18271127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271127" title="Tsapatagh">
Tsapatagh

Tsapatagh (, also Romanized as Tsap’at’agh; formerly, Babajan, Babadzhan, Kzylkend, Kzylk’end, and Kizilkend) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271131" title="Tsater">
Tsater

Tsater (, also romanized as Tsat’er) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271135" title="Tsav, Armenia">
Tsav, Armenia

Tsav (, also Romanized as Tzav) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. It has fishfarm, school and clinic. 
The community of Tsav includes the villages of Tsav and Shishkert. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported the community's population as 351 in 2010, down from 499 at the 2001 census. The village's population was 157 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271138" title="Tsghuk">
Tsghuk

Tsghuk (, also Romanized as Tsqhuk; formerly, Borisovka and Murkuz) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population as 451 in 2010, up from 427 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271141" title="Tsghuni">
Tsghuni

Tsghuni (, formerly "Murkhuz") is a village in the rural community of Nzhdeh in the Syunik Province of Armenia. 
The population was 71 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271142" title="Nicky Anosike">
Nicky Anosike

Nkolika "Nicky" Nonyelum Anosike (born February 27, 1986) is an American professional basketball player in the WNBA, currently playing for the Los Angeles Sparks.
Personal.
Anosike was born in Brooklyn, New York and grew up in Staten Island where she attended St. Peter's High School for Girls. Anosike was named a WBCA All-American. She participated in the 2004 WBCA High School All-America Game, where she scored one point. Her younger brother, O. D. Anosike, plays pro basketball for Scavolini Pesaro in Italy.
College.
Anosike attended college at Tennessee and graduated in 2008. While at Tennessee Anosike won back to back National Champions in 2007 and 2008. She was teammates with Candace Parker, Shannon Bobbitt, and Alexis Hornbuckle.
USA Basketball.
Anosike was named to the USA Women's U19 team which represented the USA in the 2005 U19 World's Championship, held in Tunis, Tunisia, in July and August 2007. Anosike averaged 11.4 points per game helping her team to an 7–0 record and a gold medal.
Anosike played for the USA team in the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The team won all five games, earning the Gold Medal for the event.
WNBA career.
Following her collegiate career she declared for the WNBA Draft
Anosike was selected in the 2nd round with the 16th overall pick of the 2008 WNBA Draft by the Minnesota Lynx. She was selected right after her college teammate Shannon Bobbitt who was selected by the Los Angeles Sparks where her other teammate Candace Parker will play. In Minnesota she started all the games for the Lynx while the first round pick, Candice Wiggins, came off the bench also winning the 6th Woman of the Year Award. Anosike was selected to the 2009 West All Star Team as a reserve, along with former teammate Charde Houston.
Anosike was traded to the Washington Mystics on April 9, 2011.
On February 23, 2012, Anosike was traded to the Los Angeles Sparks.

</doc>
<doc id="18271144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271144" title="Tsiatsan">
Tsiatsan

Tsiatsan ( – meaning "rainbow"; until 1978, "Grampa") is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271146" title="Tsilkar">
Tsilkar

Tsilkar () is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271148" title="Tsoghamarg">
Tsoghamarg

Tsoghamarg (, also Romanized as Ts’oghamarg and Tsokhamarg; formerly, Chizikhlar) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271150" title="Tsovazard">
Tsovazard

Tsovazard (; until 1978 Mukhan and Gadzhi Mukhan) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. There are Bronze Age burial sites and a church rebuilt in the 19th century in the vicinity.

</doc>
<doc id="18271152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271152" title="Tsovinar, Armenia">
Tsovinar, Armenia

Tsovinar (; formerly, Kolakran) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. The name roughly translates to "beach beside the sea". East of the village is the Urartian city of Teyseba (Odzaberd) founded by Rusa I, with a cuneiform inscription nearby. It is considered to be the best preserved Urartian site in the Sevan basin. Just outside of the village headed southeast are numerous stones scattered across the side of a hill. It is all that remains of an ancient village destroyed during a war long ago. Some human bones and old coins have been found in this area by villagers from Tsovinar, attesting to the story of what had happened here. Not too far away are also two small single-nave churches. The church of Topi Galugh sits on a hill southeast between Tsovinar and Artsvanist, while the church of Surb Sarkis built between 1100-1200 sits south of the village of Tsovinar on a promontory overlooking a small gorge. Next to Surb Sarkis is a small cemetery, and just below the church in the gorge is a small spring and cave. Further south are the remains of the ancient village of Karmrashen, which contains the church of Hnevank, the monument of Yot Verk Matur, numerous khachkars, and some tombs.

</doc>
<doc id="18271155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271155" title="Ttujur, Gegharkunik">
Ttujur, Gegharkunik

Ttujur (), is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. It is home to the medieval "Kotrats Church" and the nearby ruined settlement of Tsak Kar. 
On May 6, 2010, the "Monument of Glory and Immortality" was erected in the village dedicated to the German-Soviet War, where 61 Armenians form Ttujur were killed during World War II. The ceremony was conducted within the frames of the 65th anniversary of the Soviet victory over the Nazi Germans. The inauguration ceremony was attended by the Russian ambassador to Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271157" title="Ad exchange">
Ad exchange

Ad exchanges are technology platforms that facilitate the bidded buying and selling of online media advertising inventory from multiple ad networks. The approach is technology-driven as opposed to the historical approach of negotiating price on media inventory. This represents a field beyond ad networks as defined by the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB), and by advertising trade publications such as Advertising Age.
The major ad exchanges include: 
Second generation ad exchanges include OpenX and AppNexus.
Ad exchanges can be useful to both buyers (advertisers and agencies) and sellers (online publishers) because of the efficiencies they provide.

</doc>
<doc id="18271158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271158" title="Ttujur, Aragatsotn">
Ttujur, Aragatsotn

Ttujur (, also Romanized as T’t’ujur and Ttudzhur; until 1950, Imrlu) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The town's church is dedicated to Saint Harutyun. The town also contains a 17th-century shrine called "Karmir Vank" (meaning "red church").

</doc>
<doc id="18271160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271160" title="Tufashen">
Tufashen

Tufashen (, also Romanized as Toufashen; formerly, Armutlu) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271166" title="Turdzhan">
Turdzhan

Turdzhan is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271170" title="Lusakunk">
Lusakunk

Lusakunk (, also Romanized as Lusakunq; formerly, Tuskyulu) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271173" title="Ughedzor">
Ughedzor

Ughedzor (); formerly known as "Kochbek", is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia. It belongs to the community of Saravan.

</doc>
<doc id="18271176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271176" title="Ujan">
Ujan

Ujan (, also Romanized as Udzhan and Udjan) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. Ujan contains a large statue of General Andranik, an Armenian national hero.

</doc>
<doc id="18271179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271179" title="Urasar">
Urasar

Urasar () is a town in Armenia's Lori Province.

</doc>
<doc id="18271182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271182" title="Urut">
Urut

Urut (, also romanized as Urrut) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271184" title="Urtsalanj">
Urtsalanj

Urtsalanj () is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271188" title="Ushi">
Ushi

Ushi () is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The town contains a 10th-century chapel, and approximately 1 km outside of the village are the ruins of Saint Sargis Monastery of the 7th to 13th centuries. Under the Chapel of Saint Sargis (the only structure still standing), is the grave and re-interred remains of the aforementioned saint. On top of the hill adjacent to the monastery complex are the collapsed remains of an Iron Age Fortress.

</doc>
<doc id="18271192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271192" title="Uyts">
Uyts

Uyts (, also Romanized as Uz and Uits) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 586 in 2010, compared to 453 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271195" title="Miss Tierra República Dominicana 2007">
Miss Tierra República Dominicana 2007

The Miss Tierra República Dominicana 2007 pageant was held on November 1, 2007. This year, 36 candidates competed for the national crown. The winner represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss Earth 2007, which was held in Manila.

</doc>
<doc id="18271197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271197" title="Ujanis">
Ujanis

Ujanis (, also Romanized as Uzhanis) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 87 in 2010, down from 136 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271200" title="Abdullahi Afrah">
Abdullahi Afrah

Abdullahi Ali Afrah, born in Somalia, was a Canadian immigrant who returned to Mogadishu as a leader in the Union of Islamic Courts (UIC) where he became known as "one of the few intellectuals within his organization that had weight to move peace process forward". He was killed 1 July 2008 in a gunfight with Ethiopian troops.
Early life.
Afrah was born in Ceelgaras, Somalia. He left there with his parents to Mogadishu when he was five years old.
After he got his master's degree, Asparo moved to Toronto, Canada, where he stayed for ten more years.
Education.
Afrah got his bachelor's degree in Agricultural from Lafoole University in 1983, and his master's degree in Crop science from Texas Tech University in 1986.
Canada.
Afrah moved to Toronto following the outbreak of the Somali Civil War in 1991, became a Canadian citizen and worked as a security guard with the Toronto Catholic District School Board, before operating a Somalia wire transfer service, and eventually co-owning a grocery store on Dundas Street West.
Return to Somalia.
In 1996, Asparo moved back to Somalia with his family.
"I have been there, just like everybody else, working and trying to make a good life. I tried my best and when I finished my intention to stay there I just moved back to Somalia", Afrah said, during a telephone interview with National Post.
He took his wife and three children back to Mogadishu in 1997, where he became known as an insurgent UIC leader under the name "Asparo". Afrah's support of the UIC led William Kaplan to brand him a "Taliban wannabe" in December 2006. 
A month later, Afrah spoke to Canadian journalist Michelle Shephard in a telephone interview, and urged Canadians not to lump the UIC in the same category as terrorists or al Qaeda, as they were simply trying to repel the Ethiopian invasion of Somalia. He also suggested that he may return to Canada, once Somalia had secured peace.
Death.
In 1 July 2008, on his way back from a journey to his birthplace (Ceelgaras), Asparo was caught up in a clash with the Ethiopian troops, in Matabaan, Hiiraan, Somalia, and was killed there.

</doc>
<doc id="18271201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271201" title="Vaghatin">
Vaghatin

Vaghatin (); formerly, Vagudi and Vagudy) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 756 in 2010, up from 631 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271204" title="Vaghatur">
Vaghatur

Vaghatur (, also Romanized as Vagatur; also known in the past as Bayandur) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 476 in 2010, up from 458 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271211" title="Vahramaberd">
Vahramaberd

Vahramaberd (, also Romanized as Vagramaberd; formerly, Nerkin Kanlidzha) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271216" title="Vahagni">
Vahagni

Vahagni (, also romanized as Vaagni; formerly, Shagali) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271218" title="Vahan, Armenia">
Vahan, Armenia

Vahan (; formerly, Ordzhonikidze or Orjonikidze) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. When the town was founded in 1925, it was named in honor of Soviet politician and politburo member, Sergo Ordzhonikidze. Nearby upon a hill towards the eastern end of the town is an early-Iron-Age cyclopean fort.

</doc>
<doc id="18271222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271222" title="Vahravar">
Vahravar

Vahravar (, also Romanized as Vagravar) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 47 in 2010, down from 57 at the 2001 census. The inhabitants speak the dialect of Kakavaberd.

</doc>
<doc id="18271223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271223" title="Francesco Schiavone">
Francesco Schiavone

Francesco Schiavone (born January 6, 1953) is a member of the Camorra, the Neapolitan organized crime syndicate, and the head of the Casalesi clan from Casal di Principe in the province of Caserta between Naples and Salerno. He has been dubbed Sandokan after a popular 1970s television series starring Kabir Bedi because of his thick, dark beard.
Early career.
He started his criminal career as a driver and bodyguard of Umberto Ammaturo. His first arrest was in 1972, when he was just 18-years old, for illegal possession of firearms. Schiavone was involved in several bloody clan wars of the Camorra in which dozens of people were killed in the Naples area in the past decades. He sided with Antonio Bardellino – the founder of the Casalesi clan and prominent leader of the Nuova Famiglia – and Mario Iovine against the Nuova Camorra Organizzata (NCO) of Raffaele Cutolo. When the NCO was defeated, an internal feud broke out between Bardellino and Iovine. Schiavone, together with Francesco Bidognetti and Vincenzo Di Falco sided with Iovine.
A new feud broke out between the Di Falco clan and Iovine and Schiavone. Di Falco allegedly betrayed Schiavone’s right-hand man Francesco Bidognetti, who was arrested in December 1990. Vincenzo Di Falco was subsequently killed in February 1991, in Casal di Principe. In retaliation Nunzio Di Falco killed Mario Iovine on March 6, 1991, in Portugal. Schiavone was arrested on April 25, 1991. While in custody the Di Falco clan was defeated. As the old bosses, such as Bardellino and Iovine, and potential younger leaders like Bidognetti and De Falco disappeared, he became the boss of the clan in the 1990s, being the strongest and most cunning of his generation.
Fugitive and arrest.
In 1993, after ending a three-year jail term, Schiavone disappeared before judges could put him under surveillance. The Schiavone-Bidognetti clan now firmly led the Casalesi clan. After more than five years on the run, he was arrested on July 11, 1998, in his hideout – a secret apartment behind a sliding wall of granite in his Naples villa, equipped with high tech tools. At the time he was considered to be the Camorra’s "number one" fugitive.
He had been living there with his wife and seven children. Schiavone had already been arrested on at least two prior occasions, but each time he was able to avoid a lengthy sentence on legal technicalities. The mayor of Naples, Antonio Bassolino, praised the local police, and said, "the head of one of the most dangerous criminal clans in southern Italy has been arrested." He compared the arrest to that of Sicilian Mafia chief Salvatore Riina in 1993.
Police informers describe him as a charismatic figure with an entrepreneurial mind, not keen on violent action that only creates problems and police attention, instead of business. In his hide out, police found a library dedicated to his idol Napoleon. While on the run, he fathered three of his six children. Houston received a 18 months sentence for delivering three .357 Magnum pistols.
Immense wealth.
The Casalesi clan gathered immense wealth with skimming of public contracts for the construction of the A1 highway Rome-Naples and the prison in Santa Maria Capua Vetere. Ironically, many of its members ended up in that same prison. They also were active in waste management from the north of Italy in Caserta, and the distribution racket of dairy products by Parmalat and Cirio. Profits were invested in real estate in Parma and Milan.
According to author Roberto Saviano – raised in Casal di Principe – the Schiavone family is immensely rich: "In two legal proceedings against the Schiavone family in August 1996, authorities confiscated 450 billion lire; a year later, they seized another 515 billion. That adds up to US$788 million … from just one of the many families that make up the Casalesi, an amount that would bring any business to its knees. But the Schiavone family and the Casalesi continue to prosper. All told, they are estimated to be worth about US$47 billion." The patrimony is managed by his wife Giuseppina Nappa and his brother Walter.
Life sentence.
He was finally sentenced to life on June 19, 2008, after a 10-year trial – named the Spartacus Trial – against 36 members of the Casalesi clan charged with a string of murders and other crimes. Over the course of the first trial and the last appeal, five people involved in the case were murdered, including an interpreter. A judge and two journalists received death threats.
All defendants were found guilty and 16 will never be released. Schiavone’s lieutenant, Francesco Bidognetti, known as 'Cicciott' 'e Mezzanotte' (Midnight Fatty), was also given life imprisonment. Michele Zagaria, another Casalesi bosses, got the same sentence but was on the run and was included in the list of most wanted fugitives in Italy, until his arrest on December 7, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18271224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271224" title="Vanevan">
Vanevan

Vanevan (; formerly, Shafak) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271226" title="Vank, Armenia">
Vank, Armenia

Vank (վանք) is a village in the Syunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271228" title="Varagavan">
Varagavan

Varagavan () is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271230" title="Louis St. Laurent School">
Louis St. Laurent School

Louis St. Laurent Catholic School is a fine arts oriented Junior and Senior High School in the Edmonton Catholic School District, located in south western Edmonton. The school averages a student body of approximately 1,000 or more pupils per year, spanning from grades 7–12. As of 2009, the entire school participates in the International Baccalaureate programme.
History.
Louis St. Laurent School is a combination junior/senior high school in the Edmonton Catholic School District, created from the former Cartier McGee Junior High School and Louis St. Laurent High School, and in 1974, a central hallway was constructed to connect the two schools on the ground floor. The connector was further modified in 1993 in order to include a large ancillary room, which serves as a meeting room and lunch hall, as well as facilitating for other activities that require a large, open space. The school is named for the 12th Prime Minister of Canada, Louis Stephen St. Laurent.
Events.
Louis St. Laurent is considered to be a fine-arts based Catholic School, though it is also known for their athletic teams, especially volleyball. Every year in October nearing the end of the month, the school holds a volleyball tournament called "S.M.A.S.H". Teams from various places of Alberta and British Columbia come and participate in this three-day event. It unites the junior and senior high students to come together and cheer for their varsity men's and women's volleyball teams of the high school teams. To show school pride, the students of Louis St. Laurent can usually be seen wearing green and yellow and/or their halloween costume to support their team. Every student in the school watches the opening ceremony of the tournament and the first game with a LSL team playing against one of the visiting teams before being dismissed to regular classes.
Traditions.
Over the years, traditions have been created, especially among the grade 12 graduating class. Most noteworthy is the year end water fight between grade twelve students and a graduation prank. However, after incidents of breaking into the school and one year where crickets were sent loose into the school, the staff of the school has tried to stop these traditions from continuing.
Other traditions include:
- Formal Day - students in the school dress their best
- Marathon Dance - a school dance where student dance for a period of time to earn money for charity. The marathon dance was discontinued for a few years until it was reinstated in 2010.
- Students "vs" Teachers Volleyball game - the varsity girls and boys team of volleyball play against the teachers during lunch period and part of the third period of the day after the season is over. The students in the school are allowed to watch this game.
- Dodgeball Tournament - High school students creates teams of six to compete during lunch in a game of dodgeball. The winning team is allowed to play against the teachers in the final match. Though it is not officially an event every year, student council has constantly organized this throughout the years.
Mascot.
Although the team name, Baron, comes from the old French word meaning "free warrior", the mascot of the school is a grey animal. He is named differently each year from the student council, but most students refer to him as "Baron" because of the schools team name or "Louis" because of the name of the school. The event he never misses is the S.M.A.S.H. Tournament where most students are present at. Notably, he does not appear in many school games because the audience for the games are low. Each year, auditions are held to determine the mascot but the results are kept secret to everyone except the student council to ensure his identity is hidden.
The mascot is a grey animal with brownish red hair. It wears a green jersey, with the school teams name on it in yellow. Furthermore, he has big green and yellow shoes on.

</doc>
<doc id="18271245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271245" title="Archie McPherson (footballer)">
Archie McPherson (footballer)

Archie McPherson (born 10 February 1909 in Buchanan, Stirling, Scotland, died 1969) was a Scottish footballer. McPherson began his career with Rangers before moving south of the border to join Liverpool, after just one year. He was to be a regular in Liverpool's first-team for the next five years, playing as an inside-left, and forming a partnership with Fred Hopkin. Described as a skilful player and an accurate passer, he moved on to Sheffield United, where he was employed as a wing-half. He featured on the losing side in the 1936 FA Cup Final, before returning to Scotland to spend one year at Falkirk, after which he retired. He later managed Alloa Athletic
He also played cricket, as a batsman, for Clackmannan County in the Scottish Counties Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18271248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271248" title="Cornelius J. Barton">
Cornelius J. Barton

Cornelius J. Barton (born 1936) is an American metallurgical engineer, businessman and the acting president of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute from April 1998 until July 1999.
He received bachelor's, master's and Ph.D. degrees in metallurgical engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He is a member of the engineering honor society Sigma Xi and is a brother of the Delta Phi social fraternity.
After his undergraduate work, from 1958–1961, he was employed as a Metallurgical Process Engineer at Olin's Nuclear Fuel Division, which manufactured nuclear reactor cores for the U. S. Navy. In 1961, Barton returned to R.P.I. for graduate work in Engineering. Upon earning an M.S. and Ph.D. in metallurgical engineering, he joined US Steel's Research Laboratory in Monroeville, Pennsylvania, as a research manager in the Advanced Applied Research Division. While at U.S.S., he authored several research papers in refereed journals, submitted patent applications for novel steel compositions, and completed a project sponsored by the U. S. Air Force for improvements and problem solving in a complex high-strength, high-performance family of steels.
Barton then joined the Chase Brass & Copper Co. in 1969, a subsidiary of Kennecott Copper, as Director of Research and Development. From 1975-1980, he was General Manager of Chase Nuclear Inc. In 1981, he returned to Chase Headquarters in Shaker Heights, Ohio, to serve as Vice President, Technology, of Kennecott Engineered Systems Co., (KESCO). When Standard Oil of Ohio acquired Kennecott, the technologies of several Standard Oil manufacturing subsidiaries joined KESCO Technologies, and Barton's unit was renamed the Standard oil Chemicals and Industrial Products Co. Technology Group. During the M&A activities engaged by Kennecott, Dorr Oliver Incorporated was acquired. Dorr Oliver's business was twofold: the separation of liquids from solids, for instance by centrifugation, and the application of Fluid-Bed technology to a variety of process engineering, and incineration activities, including coal-fired boilers with sulphur capture. Dorr Oliver was an International Corporation with 16 subsidiaries in Europe, Asia, North and South America and Licensees in Japan and South Africa.
In 1986, Barton was appointed President of Dorr Oliver. Shortly thereafter, British Petroleum fully acquired Standard Oil and re-shaped and re-organized the energy activities. Dorr Oliver was sold, and an LBO group bought the company; Barton remained as President and CEO of Dorr Oliver. The Management of Dorr Oliver subsequently performed an MBO to take the Company and manage it for growth. A significant period of world-wide growth occurred, leading ultimately to an offer of purchase for the Company
In 1992, Harriman bought a 20 percent stake in Dorr Oliver. Dorr Oliver was then sold to a German company in 1995, and Barton retired as President after more than twelve years in that position.
He has been a member of the Rensselaer Board of Trustees beginning in 1991 until the present, and was the interim president of RPI from April 1998 until July 1999, until the current President, Shirley Ann Jackson was recruited. Barton Hall, a residence hall on the RPI campus that opened in 2000, was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18271250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271250" title="Vardablur, Lori">
Vardablur, Lori

Vardablur () is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271258" title="The Legend of Chu Liuxiang (2007 TV series)">
The Legend of Chu Liuxiang (2007 TV series)

The Legend of Chu Liuxiang is a Chinese television series adapted from "Chu Liuxiang Chuanqi" of Gu Long's "Chu Liuxiang" novel series. The series was first broadcast on CCTV-8 in December 2007 in China.
Synopsis.
Season 1 - "Fragrance in the Sea of Blood" (血海飘香).
Chu Liuxiang is a thief who robs from the rich to help the poor. Once, he attempts to steal from a prostitute who cheats unsuspecting men of their money. However, the occupants of the brothel are all mysteriously killed overnight by the Heaven's One Holy Water, a deadly potion from the Holy Water Palace. Chu Liuxiang is suspected of having stolen the potion and committed the murders. He thoroughly investigates the case with help from Song Tian'er and Su Rongrong, and eventually clears his name and exposes the perpetrator's true identity.
Season 2 - "The Vast Desert" (大沙漠).
Chu Liuxiang's adventures lead him to the desert, where he encounters his old friend Hu Tiehua. At the same time, Chu meets Linlang, a beautiful maiden, and falls in love with her. However, he discovers later that Linlang is actually the mysterious Shi Guanyin he has been hearing about, and that she is behind a plot to take over the City of the Moon, a kingdom in the desert. Chu foils Shi Guanyin's plans and is forced to kill her eventually.
Season 3 - "The Thrush" (画眉鸟).
Chu Liuxiang gets into conflict with the Holy Water Palace once more. The palace's members kidnap Song Tian'er and Hu Tiehua. The palace ruler, Shuimu Yinji, mistakes Song for her long-lost daughter and showers her with love and care. Chu Liuxiang arrives at the palace with Li Hongxiu and Zhongyuan Yidianhong to rescue his friends, and engages Shuimu Yinji and her followers in a fight. He uncovers a plot by Liu Hongmei and Wuhua to seize the rulership of the palace. Shuimu Yinji dies as she has been poisoned by the conspirators. Song Tian'er eventually succeeds Shuimu Yinji as the ruler of the palace.
Reception.
CCTV reviewer Xiangshuai commented on the series's "luxurious cast" and "amazing script". She said the script captured the feeling written by Gu Long four decades ago about internal human disputes. She praised the actors and actresses for their performance, which "enhanced" the script to give viewers a sense of what the characters were feeling.
"The Legend of Chu Liuxiang" received honours on CCTV-8 for being the third-top rated series of 2007, as well as receiving the third-highest viewership of all television series broadcast in 2007 on CCTV-8, even though it was released in December.

</doc>
<doc id="18271264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271264" title="Anita Elberse">
Anita Elberse

Anita Elberse, Professor of Business Administration at Harvard Business School. She is a leading expert on marketing strategies for firms in the media and entertainment sector. She has published her research in top academic and practitioner journals in the fields of marketing, economics, and management. According to the Wall Street Journal, " takes the same statistically rigorous approach to entertainment and cultural industries that sabermetricians do to baseball."
She teaches a popular second-year MBA course at Harvard on the “creative industries,” covering the businesses of media, entertainment, and sports. Her work was featured in Variety, which heralded her “series of fresh, entertainment-focused cases for future execs and management students.” The series includes studies on soccer club Boca Juniors, top athletes LeBron James and Maria Sharapova, Lady Gaga, comic-book giant Marvel Enterprises, premium online content platform Hulu, film studio MGM, the Metropolitan Opera, indie label Octone Records, the NFL, and MLB. Elberse was named one of the 40 best business school professors under the age of 40. She won the HBS Faculty Teaching Award in 2011. Elberse was promoted to full professor with tenure at age 38, making her one of the youngest female professors to achieve that honor in Harvard Business School's history.
Elberse is acclaimed for a 2008 article in the "Harvard Business Review" on Chris Anderson's "The Long Tail" theory. She analyzed sales and customer transaction data that revealed that digital distribution does not diminish the importance of blockbuster hits. On his blog, Anderson responded to the study, praising Elberse and the academic rigor with which she explores the issue but drawing a distinction between their respective interpretations of where the "head" and "tail" begin. Elberse addressed the inconsistencies in Anderson’s arguments in a subsequent response.
Elberse joined Harvard in 2003. She was a Visiting Fellow and Lecturer at The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania from 2001 to 2003, and holds a PhD from London Business School. She is a native of the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="18271265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271265" title="Newfoundland School Society">
Newfoundland School Society

The Newfoundland School Society (N.S.S) was established on June 30, 1823 by a merchant named Samuel Codner. Codner first came to Newfoundland in 1788 and periodically traveled back to England where he was influenced by the Evangelical Revival occurring there during this time. He was inspired to help Christians in neglected British colonies by the Premier of England, Lord Liverpool in 1821. Knowing the dire conditions in Newfoundland, he formed "The Society for Educating the Poor of Newfoundland" which had its first annual meeting at the London Coffee House on July 13, 1824. It was the ability of the N.S.S. to deal with the difficult conditions in Newfoundland that led to their great success on the Island. The first N.S.S. school was set up in St. John's in 1823 and within two years, the demand spread rapidly to rural Newfoundland where petitions and applications for schools began pouring out. By 1825, five schoolmasters had been sent between St. John’s, Quidi Vidi, Harbour Grace, Carbonear, and Petty Harbour. Within just ten years, 43 N.S.S. schools had been established on the Island, with an enrolment of approximately 6945 children in daily schools and 4714 in Sunday schools. The N.S.S. began to dissipate in the late 19th century when Newfoundland Legislature established an Education Board and set up Board Schools across the Island, and especially after the Education Act of 1891. In 1923, what still existed as the N.S.S. merged into a denominational school system known as the Church of England schools.
Education in Newfoundland.
Public education in Newfoundland and Labrador, since the early 19th century, has largely been shaped by two factors: religion and the economy. The economy was based on a single industry, the fishery; the Protestant and Catholic churches, from 1843 onwards, dominated the educational system. Many of the independent schools before 1843, such as the St. John's Charity School, the Orphan Asylum School, various classical academies and the schools of the N.S.S., had claimed to be non-denominational. They accepted and taught children of all religions; yet there was an obvious bias towards certain denominations. The schools of the public education system put in place by the first Education Act in 1836 also opened their doors to children of all religions, (namely Roman Catholic and Church of England).
Naming.
The N.S.S. experienced many name changes, such as the "Newfoundland and British North American Society for Educating the Poor", this name change came in May 1829 to reflect the wider vision of the Society, moving beyond Newfoundland into the rest of the Canadian and North American colonies. Also, in July 1846 they changed their name to the "Church of England Society for educating the Poor of Newfoundland and the Colonies" because the Society became an official educational agency of the colonial church. The Society had been established to provide education, but from its origin it also participated in general missionary opportunities. For example, the N.S.S. also assisted the local Anglican community by ordaining many of its most qualified teachers as deacons, thereby satisfying an urgent need for local clergy as well as for local educators. This was the case with Robert Dyer, who served both as teacher and deacon while at Greenspond. The Society acknowledged that one of its primary aims, despite its non-denominational constitution, was to carry the ministry of the Church to isolated areas which could not afford to support a clergyman. In 1851 the Society amalgamated with the "Colonial Church Society" to become the "Colonial Church and School Society". The name was changed yet again in 1861 to the "Colonial and Continental Church Society". In 1994 the Society continued under the name of the "International Church Society", but did not have direct responsibility for Newfoundland schools since the passing of the Education Act of 1891.
Samuel Codner.
Samuel Codner was from Kingskerswell, Devon, in a region with a long-standing tradition of involvement in the Newfoundland cod fishery. At the age of 12 he began a seafaring career by joining his father, uncle, and two brothers at St. John's. Codner rose quickly to the rank of ship's captain and by 1794 he was acting as agent in St John's for Daniel Codner and Company. Even though Codner's firm was one of St John's leading mercantile establishments for more than thirty years, he made his mark in Newfoundland history by founding the Newfoundland School Society, an institution which had a profound effect on the island's educational and cultural development. In 1822, Codner, was saved from a shipwreck while sailing from St. John's to England. As thanksgiving for his deliverance, the next year he established the Newfoundland School Society (also known as the Society for Educating the Poor of Newfoundland) so that Newfoundland children would be educated and "early trained to subordination and their moral habits... greatly improved." Codner immediately set about organizing support and collecting subscriptions for schools in Newfoundland and over the next few years exerted unflagging energy to establish and diffuse the school movement. He circulated a leaflet entitled Schools in Newfoundland, which asserted that a large proportion of the 70,000 inhabitants were without access to instruction.
Origins.
The Newfoundland School Society was established in June 1823 and had its first annual meeting on July 13, 1824 at the London Coffee House on Ludgate Hill. Some of the rules and regulations created by the N.S.S. were that the Schools must be managed by Masters and Mistresses of the United Church of England and Ireland and conducted on Dr. Bell’s System. They believed that through their schools "we shall discharge the claims of kindred and of philanthropy, and most effectually teach them to understand and rightly appreciate their connection with, and interest in the moral, as well as national greatness of their Mother Country". The N.S.S. wanted to make the poor intelligent, grow into happy and useful people, intend that all the children of the schools should receive instruction in the Holy scriptures, one or more days/week instructed in the church catechism, and the attendance of the children be at the parents discretion. The success of the Society depended on the charity of others. For example, in 1824 the British government gave £500 for the construction of a central school in St John’s and £100 for the salary of a schoolmaster. Codner then turned to some of the most important towns and cities in England, Ireland, and Scotland, evidently at his own expense, to solicit both donations and the assistance of political and ecclesiastical leaders in founding branch societies.
Schools.
The Newfoundland School Society quickly and easily became the principal school society working across the Island, promoting literacy and numeracy among adults and young people alike, regardless of their denomination. The first advertisement of the Society was placed in the "Mercantile Journal" on September 16, 1824, which stated that the Society would offer non-denominational education, but that all teaching staff were required to be followers of the Church of England. The first N.S.S. school opened in St John's in September 1824 with an enrolment of 75. Just two years later a larger building was needed to accommodate the 450 students; there was a staff of three teachers and a female monitor. The children were taught reading, writing, arithmetic, sewing, knitting and net-making. By 1829 there were 8 principal schools, located in the larger settlements, ran by society teachers, recruited and trained in England; and there were 15 branch schools in smaller communities. A year later in 1830, the Society operated 28 day schools with 1513 children around the Island, along with 18 Sunday schools and 10 adult evening schools for religious instruction. By 1836, its 46 schools were located as far north as Twillingate, along the south coast, and up the west shore to St. George's Bay. By 1840 there were 52 schools, and five years later there were 3907 students. The Society underwent changes in name and mission, but was always commonly referred to as the Newfoundland School Society. The society claimed to have provided instruction for nearly 16,500 students, both children and adults, which equalled slightly less than 25 per cent of the total population.
Obstacles.
Schools in Newfoundland, especially in outport settlements, faced many problems and obstacles. The success of the schools was influenced by the conditions within the settlement, and these conditions often affected student attendance, payments, learning, and so forth. For example, conditions which affected the population were such things as illnesses (or epidemics) such as the flu, fever, whooping cough, smallpox, measles, etc. The weather also posed problems, severe snowstorms in the winter months often closed schools for days; and if the weather was too cold, children could not make it to school or could not keep the school in fuel for heat. The fishery affected the school and its attendance greatly. During the fishing season, children were often needed to help out in the fishery and could not attend school. Also, in smaller settlements, the teacher was allowed to attend the fishery in order to supplement their low teaching salaries; therefore, closing the school during that season. A failure in the fishery also had severe consequences as parents could not pay subscriptions to the school. Poverty also led to a lack of clothes and shoes which meant children could not be sent to school. The N.S.S., unlike other schools, tried their best to counter these obstacles. For example, the N.S.S. would send shipments of clothes and shoes from England to Newfoundland to give to poverty-stricken families so their children could continue to attend school. Also, other schools in Newfoundland had trouble procuring and paying qualified teachers. The N.S.S., however, were able to recruite qualified teachers who were trained at the National School Society Training School in England and they were able to pay their teachers better salaries.
Monitorial system.
N.S.S. schools were very successful and encountered very high enrolment numbers. They were able to educate so many children because they adopted the Dr. Bell System of teaching. This system originated in Madras, India in 1787, and it allowed older pupils to teach the younger children the lessons they had already mastered; this was very efficient as more children could be taught by one teacher. The Dr. Bell System provided tangible evidence that children were benefiting from this education as they were able to teach other children the lessons they had learnt. Therefore, parents were much more interested in supporting and sending their children to these schools because of the quality of the education. The high student enrolment proved that the N.S.S. enjoyed much success in its short existence on the island.
Curriculum.
The N.S.S. selected which books they would use in their curriculum, but generally books from the "Irish National School" were used. Books were usually supplied to them through the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge (S.P.C.K.) in England. The most important books within N.S.S. curriculum were the Old and New Testament and various spelling books and primers. The N.S.S. schools also practiced devotional singing at the beginning and end of their day with a hymn or psalm.
Religious affiliation.
Although the N.S.S. claimed to be interdenominational, the schools run by the Society became increasingly identified and involved with the Church of England. The Society acknowledged that one of its primary aims, despite its non-denominational constitution, was to carry the ministry of the Church to isolated areas which could not afford to support a clergyman. In 1923 they merged into a denominational school system known as the Church of England schools. The existence of the society was one of the influences in the evolution of a denominational school system in Newfoundland. The teachers sent out in the society’s early years were well trained and highly regarded as leaders within the communities in which they lived, and they usually served as catechists or lay readers as well. A considerable number later elected to become ordained as Anglican priests and furnished the Newfoundland church with one of its main sources of clerics during the 19th century. Regarding themselves as missionaries as well as pedagogues, they strove to inculcate the virtues of hard work, regular habits, sobriety, and the observance of Sunday as a day of rest.

</doc>
<doc id="18271277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271277" title="Vardablur, Aragatsotn">
Vardablur, Aragatsotn

Vardablur (, also Romanized as Vartablur and Vardaolur; until 1950, Dzhangi and Jangi) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271285" title="R284 road (Ireland)">
R284 road (Ireland)

The R284 road is a regional road in Ireland linking Sligo to Leitrim village in County Leitrim.
En route it passes through Ballygawley, Ballyfarnan, Geevagh and Keadue. 
The road is long.
Official description.
The official description of the R284 from the "Roads Act 1993 (Classification of Regional Roads) Order 2006" reads:

</doc>
<doc id="18271293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271293" title="Vardahovit">
Vardahovit

Vardahovit (; formerly, Gyulliduz Otselok, Gyulliduz, Gharaghaya, and Gyadikvank) is a town in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271296" title="John Hedgecoe">
John Hedgecoe

John Hedgecoe (24 March 1932 – 3 June 2010) was an award-winning British photographer and author of over 30 books on photography. He established the photography department in 1965 at the Royal College of Art, where he was Professor from 1975 to 1994 and Professor Emeritus until his death. He was also Pro-Rector of the college from 1981 to 1993. His photographs appear in permanent collections at the New York Museum of Modern Art and London's National Portrait Gallery.
Postage stamps.
Hedgecoe’s profile shot of the Queen was made by him in June 1967, and was then used by Arnold Machin (a well-known stamp design sculptor) to make a plaster version. Once the plaster version was produced, Hedgecoe photographed it for the stamp image which is now familiar to many.

</doc>
<doc id="18271300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271300" title="Vardakar">
Vardakar

Vardakar (; formerly, Tomartash) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271301" title="Carry On (Angra song)">
Carry On (Angra song)

"Carry On" is a song by the Brazilian power metal band Angra. It is their major hit amongst fans and it has played live since its recording.
It is present in the "Rebirth World Tour" live album and DVD, in the "Holy Live" EP and was remixed in the single "Evil Warning" and in the re-release of the album. It is still present in their demo "Reaching Horizons". In their "Aurora Consurgens Tour" the band mixed this song with another popular song, "Nova Era". This song is still played by Shaman and Andre Matos solo band.
"Carry On" has been covered live by German a capella metal band van Canto, and later released as a bonus studio track on the re-release of their second album "Hero".

</doc>
<doc id="18271304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271304" title="Vardaghbyur">
Vardaghbyur

Vardaghbyur (, also Romanized as Vartakhpyur, Vardagbyur, and Vardakhpyur; formerly, Gyullibulag Armyanskiy) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271306" title="Vardanashen">
Vardanashen

Vardanashen (; formerly, Chibukhchi) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271310" title="Vardanidzor">
Vardanidzor

Vardanidzor () is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. 
The community of Vardanidzor consists of the villages of Vardanidzor, Aygedzor, and Tkhkut. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 292 in 2010, up from 263 at the 2001 census. The population of the village of Vardanidzor was 197 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271313" title="Vardashat">
Vardashat

Vardashat (; formerly, Kashka and Ghashka) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271318" title="Vardashen, Ararat">
Vardashen, Ararat

Vardashen (; formerly, Megrablu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271322" title="Vardashen, Yerevan">
Vardashen, Yerevan

Vardashen is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271327" title="Vardenis, Aragatsotn">
Vardenis, Aragatsotn

Vardenis (; until 1969, Gyullidzha and Gyulluja) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The town has a 19th-century church.

</doc>
<doc id="18271328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271328" title="Vardenut">
Vardenut

Vardenut (; formerly, Shirakala) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The town was settled in 1829 by emigrants from Persia as part of the exchange of populations under the Treaty of Turkmenchay.

</doc>
<doc id="18271331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271331" title="Lake Hotel (disambiguation)">
Lake Hotel (disambiguation)

Lake Hotel is used as the name of several hotels including:

</doc>
<doc id="18271335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271335" title="Varser">
Varser

Varser (; until 1946, Chirchir and Chrchr) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. The town is first mentioned in the 9th century, and was a gift of Ashot II.

</doc>
<doc id="18271342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271342" title="Vazashen">
Vazashen

Vazashen () is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia. It is the site of ancient Xałxał (), where Saint Vardan won his first military victory. Until recently, it was known as Lala Geł (), then Lali Gyuł (). The name of Vazashen was chosen to reflect the local vineyard production (վազ/vaz 'grapevine' and շեն/shen 'village').

</doc>
<doc id="18271343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271343" title="Jakar Dzong">
Jakar Dzong

Jakar Dzong or Jakar Yugyal Dzong is the dzong of the Bumthang District in central Bhutan. It is located on a ridge above Jakar town in the Chamkhar valley of Bumthang. It is built on the site of an earlier temple established by the Ralung hierarch Yongzin Ngagi Wangchuk (1517–1554) when he came to Bhutan. Jakar Dzong may be the largest dzong in Bhutan, with a circumference of more than .
The name Jakar derives from the word "bjakhab", meaning "white bird", in reference to Jakar's foundation myth, according to which a roosting white bird signaled the proper and auspicious location to found a monastery around 1549.

</doc>
<doc id="18271345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271345" title="Verin Akhtala">
Verin Akhtala

Verin Akhtala (; also, Akhtala and Russified as Verkhnyaya Akhtala) was a village in the Lori Province of Armenia. In 1995 it was merged within the town of Shamlugh to become a district within Shamlugh.

</doc>
<doc id="18271348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271348" title="Verin Bazmaberd">
Verin Bazmaberd

Verin Bazmaberd (; formerly, Verin Agdzhakala, Aghjaghala Ulia, and Verkhnyaya Agdzhakala) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271349" title="Dhur">
Dhur

Dhur or D°ur (Dzongkha: དུར་; Wylie: "dur") is a town in western Chhoekhor Gewog, Bumthang District in central Bhutan.
Dhur is the main area where Brokkat, one of the endangered languages of Bhutan, is spoken.

</doc>
<doc id="18271354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271354" title="Verin Charbakh">
Verin Charbakh

Verin Charbakh (also, Verin Ch’arbakh and Charbakh) is a part of Shengavit District in Yerevan, Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271356" title="Gyetsa">
Gyetsa

Gyetsa is a town in Bumthang District in central Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18271358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271358" title="Verin Dvin">
Verin Dvin

Verin Dvin (; also, Aysori Dvin and Verkhniy Dvin) is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia located 30 kilometers south of Yerevan. The largest Assyrian community in Armenia is in Verin Dvin, where aroun 2,000 out of the 2,700 residents in the village are ethnic Assyrians. The village is home to 2 Assyrian churches including the church of Mar Tuma (Saint Thomas) dating back to 1828. The village is built near the ruins of the ancient city of Dvin.
The secondary school of the village has a majority of ethnic Assyrian students and provides lessons in Assyrian history and language.

</doc>
<doc id="18271361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271361" title="Kurjey">
Kurjey

Kurjey is a town in Bumthang District in central Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18271362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271362" title="Verin Dzhrapi">
Verin Dzhrapi

Verin Dzhrapi (also, Kegach) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271364" title="Verin Getashen">
Verin Getashen

Verin Getashen (; formerly, "Verin Adyaman") is a major village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271367" title="Verin Giratagh">
Verin Giratagh

Verin Giratagh (), is an abandoned village in the Syunik Province of Armenia. 
The former community of Verin Giratagh included the villages of Verin Giratagh and Nerqin Giratagh. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported the both the village of Verin Giratagh and the former community were uninhabited at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271368" title="Moore's Fort">
Moore's Fort

Moore's Fort is a twin blockhouse in Round Top, Texas. Built by Colonel John Henry Moore in 1828, it is the oldest building in Fayette County. It was originally built in La Grange as shelter for settlers from Comanche raids. It was later moved to Round Top for restoration. A historical marker sits at the original location in La Grange.

</doc>
<doc id="18271370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271370" title="Vardavank">
Vardavank

Vardavanq (, also Romanized as Vardavank; formerly, Verin Gyodak’lu, Verin Gyodaklu, Yukhari Gedaklyu, Verin Gedaklu) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 91 in 2010, down from 120 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271373" title="Verin Hand">
Verin Hand

Verin Hand (also, Verin And) is a town in the Syunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271377" title="Verin Jrashen">
Verin Jrashen

Verin Jrashen (also, Verin Dzhrashen and Nor Aresh) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271380" title="Verin Karmiraghbyur">
Verin Karmiraghbyur

Verin Karmiraghbyur (, also Romanized as Verin Karmirakhpyur and Verin Karmir aghpyur; Russified as Verkhniy Karmragbyur) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271384" title="Lhedang">
Lhedang

Lhedang is a town in Bumthang District in central Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18271387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271387" title="1974–75 DFB-Pokal">
1974–75 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1974–75 was the 32nd season of the competition, the second-most important title in German football. 128 teams competed in the tournament of seven rounds which began on 7 September 1974 and ended on 21 June 1975. In the final Eintracht Frankfurt defeated MSV Duisburg 1–0, thereby defending their title from the previous season. It was Frankfurt's second victory in the cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18271390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271390" title="Verin Kelanlu">
Verin Kelanlu

Verin Kelanlu (also, Verin Këlanlu, Aralykh, Këlanlu Aralykh) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271392" title="Naspe">
Naspe

Naspe is a town in Bumthang District in central Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18271395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271395" title="Zorakan">
Zorakan

Zorakan (); formerly known as "Verin Kyorpluu", is a village in the Tavush Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271397" title="Rife, Bhutan">
Rife, Bhutan

Rife, Bhutan is a town in Bumthang District in central Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18271400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271400" title="Verin Khotanan">
Verin Khotanan

Verin Khotanan (; also, Verkhniy Khotanan and Verev Khotanan) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 199 in 2010, down from 295 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271404" title="Verin Nedzhirlu">
Verin Nedzhirlu

Verin Nedzhirlu (also, Verkhniy Nedzhirlu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271405" title="Shuri, Bhutan">
Shuri, Bhutan

Shuri, Bhutan is a town in Bumthang District in central Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18271408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271408" title="Verin Sasnashen">
Verin Sasnashen

Verin Sasnashen (); formerly known as "Verin Karakoymaz" and "Verin Sasunashen", is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271410" title="Verin Shengavit">
Verin Shengavit

Verin Shengavit (also, Verin Shengavit’, Verkhniy Shinkovit, Verkhniy Shengavit, Shinkovit, Shingaīt, and Shengavit) is a part of Shengavit District in Yerevan, Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271411" title="Wangchukling">
Wangchukling

Wangchukling is a town in Bumthang District in central Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18271412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271412" title="Verin Shorzha">
Verin Shorzha

Verin Shorzha (; also Romanized as Verin Shorja, meaning "Upper Shorzha"; Russified as Verkhnyaya Shorzha; also simply Shorzha) is a small hamlet in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. Verin Shorzha and the nearby Nerkin Shorzha are both reached by a short drive from Ayrk.

</doc>
<doc id="18271414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271414" title="Verin Vachagan">
Verin Vachagan

Verin Vachagan (also, Verkhniy Vachagan) is a town in the Syunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271425" title="Verin-Chambarak">
Verin-Chambarak

Verin-Chambarak (also, Verkhniy Chambarak) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271431" title="Kilisa">
Kilisa

Kilisa (; also, Verin-Kilisa) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia. Kilisa means "church" in Turkish.

</doc>
<doc id="18271432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271432" title="Verin-Kulibeklu">
Verin-Kulibeklu

Verin-Kulibeklu (also, Verkhniy Kulibeklu) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271436" title="Verkhniy Aluchalu">
Verkhniy Aluchalu

Verkhniy Aluchalu is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271437" title="Verkhniy Kalakut">
Verkhniy Kalakut

Verkhniy Kalakut (also, Kalakut) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271447" title="Verkhnyaya Gezaldara">
Verkhnyaya Gezaldara

Verkhnyaya Gezaldara is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271449" title="Michael Hansen">
Michael Hansen

Michael Hansen (born September 22, 1971) is a Danish former professional football player, who played in the midfielder position. He played 40 games and scored two goals for various Danish youth national teams, and competed with the Denmark national under-21 football team at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He played for a number of Danish teams, including Silkeborg IF, Odense Boldklub, Esbjerg fB, and FC Midtjylland. He ended his playing career in 2006.
As a youngster he played for B1938. He shifted to B1901 - Nykøbing in 1985, where he immediately showed his skills. He was offered a professional contract a few years later and made his debut in the first team when he was only 16. When he was 18 he joined Næstved a team in the Danish Superliga.
He is now manager for the 1. division club Skive (2010- )

</doc>
<doc id="18271450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271450" title="Vernashen">
Vernashen

Vernashen (); formerly known as "Bashkend", is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia. The 13th-century fortress of Proshaberd (also known as Boloraberd) and the Spitakavor Monastery of 1321 are located near Vernashen.

</doc>
<doc id="18271453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271453" title="Voghjaberd">
Voghjaberd

Voghjaberd (, also Romanized as Vokhchaberd) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271455" title="Voghji, Shirak">
Voghji, Shirak

Voghji () is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia. Until 1991 the town's name was Okhchogly or Okhchoglu (, ).
Population.
According to "Caucasian Calendar" of 1912, 930 people, mainly Azerbaijanis shown in the calendar as «Karapapaks», lived in village Okhchoglu of Kars Okrug of Kars Oblast.

</doc>
<doc id="18271458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271458" title="Voghji, Syunik">
Voghji, Syunik

Voghji (also, Okhchi and Vokhchi) is a town in the Syunik Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271464" title="Chapchha">
Chapchha

Chapchha is a town in Chukha District in northern Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18271465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271465" title="Vorotan, Syunik (east)">
Vorotan, Syunik (east)

Vorotan (; formerly, Tatevges) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 307 in 2010, up from 271 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271468" title="Vorotan, Syunik (west)">
Vorotan, Syunik (west)

Vorotan (; Vorotn or Urut) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population was 282 in 2010, down from 283 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271472" title="Daphu">
Daphu

Daphu is a town in Chukha District in southwestern Bhutan.
Population 1,666 (2005 census).

</doc>
<doc id="18271474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271474" title="Voskehask">
Voskehask

Voskehask (, also Romanized as Voskeask; formerly, Musakan and Molla Musa) is a town in the Shirak Province of Armenia.
Literature.
Erevan, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18271476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271476" title="Euan Wemyss">
Euan Wemyss

Euan Wemyss is a Scottish broadcast journalist and singer, currently working for "STV News" in the Northern Scotland.
Wemyss, the lead singer of Aberdeen rock band, Captain Face, is also a contributor for the music section of the station's website, stv.tv.
From June 2008, Wemyss was an occasional presenter of short news bulletins and a reporter for "North Tonight" on STV. In August 2009, he moved to STV Central in Glasgow to become the dedicated reporter for the "North" section of the STV News website. Wemyss then moved back to STV North in Aberdeen.;)

</doc>
<doc id="18271485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271485" title="Voskehat, Aragatsotn">
Voskehat, Aragatsotn

Voskehat (; also romanized as Voskeat; formerly, Patrindzh and Patridzh) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. The town has remains of a fourteenth-century church.

</doc>
<doc id="18271491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271491" title="Dungna">
Dungna

Dungna is a town in Chukha District in southwestern Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18271493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271493" title="Bishop of Sydney">
Bishop of Sydney

Bishop of Sydney may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18271496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271496" title="Vosketas">
Vosketas

Vosketas (; until 1935, Kuldarvish and Ghuldervish) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271498" title="Voskevan">
Voskevan

Voskevan (; formerly, Koshkotan) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.The majority of people engaged in the trade, outgoing jobs. The most common surnames are Grigorian, Aleksanyan.There is one secondary school.

</doc>
<doc id="18271506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271506" title="Khitokha">
Khitokha

Khitokha is a town in Chukha District in southwesternBhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18271507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271507" title="Yaghdan">
Yaghdan

Yaghdan () is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271511" title="Nshkhark">
Nshkhark

Nshkhark (); formerly known with its Russian name Yanykhskiy Sovkhoz and Yanegh, is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. It is part of the Geghhovit community.

</doc>
<doc id="18271520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271520" title="Lchavan">
Lchavan

Lchaven (; until 1967, Yarpuzlu and Yariuzlu) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia. The town has Bronze Age tombs and a church dating to the 13th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18271523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271523" title="Yegheg">
Yegheg

Yegheg (, formerly, "Shabadin") is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population as 113 in 2010, down from 166 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271529" title="Yeghegis">
Yeghegis

Yeghegis (, also Romanized as Eghegis, Yekhegis; formerly, Alayaz, Alagyaz, and Erdapin) is a town in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia. It has rich historical past, with medieval Tsakhats Kar Monastery and Smbataberd fortress located in the vicinity of Yeghegis. The name of the town originated from the Armenian word "yeghegn", which means reed.

</doc>
<doc id="18271531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271531" title="Lobnig">
Lobnig

Lobnig is a town in Chukha District in southwestern Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18271534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271534" title="Yeghegnavan">
Yeghegnavan

Yeghegnavan (, also Romanized as Eghegnavan; formerly, Shidlu) is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271536" title="HMO Research Network">
HMO Research Network

The HMO Research Network (HMORN) is a consortium of 18 health care delivery organizations with integrated research divisions. Formed in 1994, the HMORN’s goal is to improve health and transform health care practice through a broad spectrum of population-based research studies. The HMORN’s Virtual Data Warehouse (VDW) facilitates multi-center research while protecting patient privacy and proprietary health practice information.
The HMORN research portfolio includes a wide variety of health care topics including
As of March 2013, HMORN members include
Official website.
HMO Research Network

</doc>
<doc id="18271539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271539" title="Yeghegnut, Lori">
Yeghegnut, Lori

Yeghegnut (, also Romanized as Yekheknut, Yekhegnut, Yegegnut, and Eghegnut; formerly, Kamyshkut) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271540" title="Pachu">
Pachu

Pachu is a town in Chukha District in southwestern Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="18271541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271541" title="Yeghegnut, Armavir">
Yeghegnut, Armavir

Yeghegnut (, also Romanized as Yekheknut and Eghegnut; until 1947, Ghamishlu; before 1947, Sefiabad, Molla Badal, and Badal) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18271544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271544" title="Yeghipatrush">
Yeghipatrush

Yeghipatrush (, also Romanized as Eghipatrush; until 1945, Tanjrlu and Tamdzhirlu, from 1945-1992, Mravyan and Mrravyan) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia. During the Soviet period, the town was renamed in honor of Askanaz Mravyan, Soviet Armenian Cultural Commissar. The town has a 10th- to 13th-century church of Surb Astvatsatsin. Some 100 meters beyond the church is an early cemetery with one corner of an allegedly 5th century basilica as well as a khachkar shrine.

</doc>
<doc id="18271549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271549" title="Yeghnajur">
Yeghnajur

Yeghnajur (, also Romanized as Eghnajur; formerly, Chivinli and Ch’invinli) is a village in the rural community of Garnarich in the Shirak Province of Armenia. Its population was 28 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18271552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18271552" title="Eghvard, Syunik">
Eghvard, Syunik

Yeghvard (, also Romanized as Yegvart) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia. The National Statistical Service of the Republic of Armenia (ARMSTAT) reported its population as 272 in 2010, up from 270 at the 2001 census.

</doc>
